IBM COMGKESSIO^AL GLOSS.
February 23,
now «il tebore# and watchmen ai*6' .entitled
to $600. I understand-the'Sfe*'.watch"fflten are
mostly disabled-soldier# and perform very ar-
duous and continuous service-. -They used to
have $600 ;* afterward the;pay was Increased
to $720, aud I believe they "have hard as much
88 $900. Many of th^av have held high posi-
tions in the public service and ha;ve fajhi'lies,
and itseeau to Eae.'thai $C00 is a very small
sum compared with what is received'in other
'branches of the .public service.'. I would: like
to ask the gentleman from Massachusetts what
these men received last year?"
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Seven
hundred and twenty dollars. -
Mr.- PETERS. Well, then, I move to make
it $726.
Mr. SPALDING-. I move, as- an amend-
ment to the amendment; of the gentleman from
Maine, to make it $1,000. I wish to have the
Clerk read a letter addressed to me by one of
the^ie night watchmen-, who was a wounded
soldier. He now receives $1,000 a year, and
we propose to cut him down to $600.
The Clerk read as follows:
Washington, D. C., February 17,1869.
Dear Sir : Having heard you are considered the
poor man's friend, we, the watchmen, on reservation
No. 2, Smithsonian grounds, presume to-most hum-
bly, and respectfully beg that you do not suffer the
civil appropriation bill to pass in its. present form
without a kindly worcfofpro test/in ourtavor, for our
past and present salary of $1,000 per annum apieco
is out down in said bill to $600 apiece per annum.
We are all men who- -have served in theWnionArmy
and have families to support, and cannot do it on
fifty dollars per month ; wo therefore most humbly
and respectfully beg-of you and your honorable com-
mittee that our wapres may be restored to its former
status, and you will gladden tho heaits of tho op-
pressed poor. And yourjietitioners will over pray.
J. M. ASH FIELD,
Night wati-lun'm on- iteiervatioa JYo. 2.
Smithsonian Grounds, and others.
Judge SPAlDKfG.
Mr. SPALDING. Now, 1 have discharged
my duty. 1 could not do less in consequence
of that appeal to my kind feeling, and 1 submit
to this committee whether we should cut down
the pay of men of this class from $1,000 a year
to $600—men who have*fonght and bled in the
service of the country and have families de-
pendant upon "thenf for support. They can
now but barely live, and we propose to cut
thern down at one fell swoop from $1,000 to
$000.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to call the attention of the committee to this
matter, and to state the grounds upon which
the Committee on Appropriations have pro-
ceeded. There never was so unanimous a
people in this world for retrenchment as the
people of this country, and there never was a
people who when called upon to iind a place
to put it on were less able to find it. Because
if you propose to put it on the Army they can-
not allow it there, and if you propose to put it
on-anywhere else they cannot allow it there.
We are all for retrenchment, except when we
come to pat it on somewhere, and then we are
not for retrenchment.
Now, whenever a man wants to get more
appropriation he talks about wounded soldiers.
Let me say hero that, the board"&f managers of
the National Asylum are bound by law and
are ready to take care of every wounded sol-
dier of the United States who cannot take care
of himself. They are-glad to help him. So
that 1 do not want to hear anything more on
that score. Then, there is not one watchman
in seven whois a wounded soldier. Then, again,
allow me to state; most of you have rode on
the Seventh street ears, and a more attentive,
a more reliable and better set of men than the
drivers on those cars do not exist anywhere.
Many of them are soldiers. I sometimes smoke
my cigar on-the platform and have good com-
pany while riding Up an(j down and talking
with them. They work fifteen hours a day,
Sundays included,- foi-two dollars per day, and
when we sit here at nights- they work from six
o'clock in the morning.««til .we get- ready to
adjourn. - ' .
_Mr. SPALDING-. They do-not pay any-
thing for riding.
Mr. BUTLER, of'MSs-saehusetts*.- Oh', that
-i^not e>ven wit. [Laughter.] - They Wo'rk all
{bat time. They have-families, and they tell
na-ethey do not get time to go to their homes
during all those hours, and yet their places are
sought for. Now. here we have watchmen, like
the watchmen of this building and'the watch-
men at the Circle, who have nothing, like hard
labor to do, and who have ample time to go to
their homes'and to stay'with their families half
the day, for they are always twelve" hours on
and- twelve hours off duty, and yon can find
huhdreds- of men-who would be glad of their
places. And here, notasthecon'sequ'enee, but
•as--the sequence of a'-letter to my friend from
Ohio calling him "thepoor man's friend,"he
brings in a proposition to put the pay-of these
men up to $1,000. Now, let Hoe tell my'friend
a secret. I have a' letter beginning in the iden-
tical way that that letter to him begins, saying
thatlamthe "poor man'sfriend," &c.,a'nd it
is from a watchman. Up above the President's
House there is .a Circle, and' we have a watch-
man up there for-fear it should run away some
day, and so we have all over the city watchmen
at the different Departments, staying there-four
hours aday, eighthours a day, and twelve hours
•a day at farthest.
[Here the hammer fell. J
Mr. SPALDING. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mrs LOGAN. I renew it for the purpose of
•Saying a few words. This thing of saying that
the crippled soldiers- are always brought in
when there is a debate here has no effect upon
me. I am as much- for economy as the Com-
mittee on Retrenchment, or rather-the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. -
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That-isa
very good name for the committee.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, call it either. I agree
with the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding. ]
I would like to see retrenchment commence at
the right end. It does not make any difference
whether these watchmen work five hours,® day
or ten- h-ours. They are laborers and, in my
judgment, they are entitled to the salary they
have had heretofore. Whether there is an asy-
lum for them to go to or not makes no differ-
ence. Men do not want to go to an asylum.
If they are able to do anything they want to
have employment.
Now, only the other day the House voted
thirty-three percent, increaseof salary to every
officer below the rank of commodore in1 the
Navy of the United States. Why did they do
it? On the ground' of economy, I presume.
We voted them thirty-three per cent, more than
they received, according to law, as salary dur-
ing the war. But when it comes to the poor
man, the laborer, we must cut his salary down.
Our "retrenchment" is to raise the salaries of
officers, but to cntdown the salaries of laborers.
Now, I do not think that is the right kind .of
economy, and lam in favor of the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio, which-1 have re-
newed, keeping the salaries of these laborers
what they are now.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I know
the gentleman from Illinois will not say that I
was one of those who voted to increase the pay
of officers of the Navy.
Mr. LOGAN. No, I said that the House
did it.
Sir. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If we did
wrong, then the quicker we x-etrench the better.
This looks like a small matter; but let me tell
you that it involves thousands upon thousands
ot dollars. I have done ray best to cut down
the officers of the Army, tlieir numbers, and
pay. I .did my best to cut down the number
of officers of the Marine corps and their pay,
and to cut down the number and pay of officers
of the Navy. I have, wherever I could, struck
at these abuses under the Government; that
is to say, the Government paying more for the
services of men than individuals have to pay-,
and for less work. All the laborers for the
Government can be employed only eight hours
a day under the law which we,have passed.
Now, the question is whether we propose to
give these m6n who ca'nnot be employed more
than eight hours a- day under the law more
"t'han companies right alongside of them pay
their laborers,- quite as good of the same class,
soldiers wounded aud unwounded, for working
fifteen hours a day, the soldiers wounded and
•unwounded struggling to get thcise places.
The'question is whether we are to tax the
people of this country for that purpose. If
this goes on- one thing is' certain, gentlemen ;
the-people of-the country will sweep us out of
our seats here, as they ought to do, and send
'O'thgrs here who will stop-these expenditures;
fosl declare here, in the language of B'urke,
that *'i-t is- not safe for the Government to
make the patience of the people the limit of
taxation." It is no more to me than it is to the
other members here. I might get a very cheap
reputation as the poor man's friend by agreeing
to take-the -taxes from the poor man to pay
another poor man more than he should receive.
■The question was taken upon the-amend-
ment of Mr. Spatjji-ng, to increase the amount
of compensation to $1,000; and it was not
agreed to.
■ The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Peters, to increase the compensation
to $720; and it was agreed to.
The committee rose informally; and Mr.
Cobb took the chair as Speaker pro tempore.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Ham-
lin, one of its clerks, informed the House,
that the Senate had passed without amend-
ment a bill of the House No. 1864) for the
repeal of tonnage duties on Spanish vessels.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had passed a bill of the House,
No. 008, explanatory of an act entitled "An
act declaring the title to land warrants in cer-
tain cases," with an amendment, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested..
The message further-informed the House
that the Senate had passed bills of the follow-
ing titles, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested :
,A bill (S. No. 669) to incorporate the Na-
tional Junction Railway Company;
A bill (S. No. 784) to amend the judicial
system of the United States ;
A bill (&.- No. 827) to amend an act entitled
"An act to protect all persons in the United
States in their civil rights and to furnish the
means of their vindication," approved April
9, 1866; and
A bill (S- No. 882) to fix the sal-ary of the
bailiff of the Court of Claims.
The message further informed the*. House
that the Senate requested the return of Senate
joint resolution No..228, authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to admit free of duties
certain submarine telegraph cables, which
passed the Senate and was sent to the House
for its concurrence.
_ The SPEAKER, pro tempore. If no objec-
tion be made, the joint resolution will be
returned to the Senate, as requested.
No objection was made.
' LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Committee of the Whole resumed the
consideration of the legislative, etc., appro-
priation bill.
The following paragraph, as amended, was
under consideration:
Department of State:
For compensation of the Secretary of State, two
Assistant Secretaries of State, tor chief clerk, eight
clerks of class four, additional to one clerk of class
four as disbursing clerk, eight clerks of class three,
three clerks of class two, three clerks of class one,
one messenger, orte assistant messenger, and seven
laborers, $58,1441: Provided. That th.e pay of any mes-
senger in eitheri of tho Departments, (legislative,
executive,or judicial,)of the Government employed
during the whole year, shall be $810 per annum, and
no more; the pay of any assistant messenger em-
ployed as aforestated shall be $700 per annum, and
no more; and the pay of all laborers and watehmen
(-whether msht or day) employed as aforestated,
shall be per annum, and no more.
Mr.,PETERS. I move to amend thispara;
graph by adding to it the following :
Provided, however, That thisclause shall not apply
