1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
521
V
! ('Oil*
and joint resolution ; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. II. No. 1751) in relation to the
appointment of midshipmen from the lately
reconstructed States; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 253) to change
the name of Four-and-a-half street, in the city
of Washington, to Lincoln avenue.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1558) to amend
an act entitled i: A.n act to prescribe the mode
of obtaining evidence in cases of contested
elections," approved February 19, 1851.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1751) in relation to the
appointment of midshipmen from the lately
reconstructed States was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 2-53) to
change the name of Four-and-a-half street, in
the city of Washington, to Lincoln avenue, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
state passenger taxes.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. With the
sent of the Senate, I will take this occasion to
submit the few remarks in which 1 was inter-
rupted yesterday, in reply to the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Morton.]
Tl-fi PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection, the bill (S. No. 798) to punish
the collection of illegal taxes on passengers
will be considered as before the Senate, the
pending question being on the motion of the
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] to refer
the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I took the floor yesterday to submit a few re-
marks in answer to the argument of the Sen-
ator from Indiana, [Mr. Moit'rox,] and perhaps
was led to do so because of his declaration
that the State which I in part represent was
making its living by levying taxes on the pub-
lic travel of the country; but having been
inteirupted by the course of business 1 should
now let the matter pass had I not assumed to
answer that argument, and were it not that
the brevity of the period in which I shall have
any opportunity of correcting, misapprehen-
sions of fact and of law in reference to tax-
ation in New Jersey seems to render it my
duty now to say something on the subject. 1
shall be commendably brief.
I do not speak in behalf of the Camden and
Amboy Railroad Company. I certainly am
under no obligations to them, and tbey are
under none to me. The fact is. this bill is in
the interest of that company. While I believe
they are reasonably ready to pay their debts,
I imagine that they will not be particularly
offended should Congress pass a law declaring
that it shall be a crime for them to pay their
taxes to the State, while the law leaves them
fully invested with all their chartered rights
and privileges. This bill is directed against
the State of New Jersey, not against the rail-
roads of that State.
And, as the invocation of prejudice, inten-
tional or otherwise, is often the readiest way
of preparing the mind of a deliberative assem-
bly for the infliction of injustice, I must be
permitted atleast to controvert the declarations
made by the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] in his recent speech, and which has since
been read by hundreds of thousands in this
country. He says, in speaking of this subject: i
"It is secession intensified, for if a Stato seceded ]
it lost the benefit of the protection of the General !
Government; but ft State that can grapple and con- I
trol for her own interests merely all communication [
over her territory could enjoy all the benefits ol union [
and yet inflict on her sister States all the injuries ot
separato governments. The ease of jNew Jersey is a >
marked and, fortunately lor the country, an isolated
example of this poliey. Her territory lies between
t.ho two groat cities of the continent. It is generally
level, presenting no difficulties for constructing rail-
roads. She rcccivcsvastloeal benefit? from herprox-
imity to those cities. One of those cities controls tuo
commerce of the continent, the other is the chief
manufacturing city of the continent. The road be-
tween them should be open, free, easy, and cheap.
Every mode of transit should compete for the ex-
change of commodities and productions. Yet New
Jersey undertakes to declare that but one corpora-
tion shall transport all these commodities and pro-
ductions. and that this corporation shall collect for
her a tax on all this commerce."
Why, Mr. President, one would suppose
that the State of New Jersey stood at the gate
of the great metropolitan sea-port of this coun-
try, and in a churlish, inhospitable spirit would
not permit the free people of this laud, who
have a right to go anywhere, hardly to pass her
borders at all; and if she did permit the gate
to turn on its rusty hinges, stood like some
bullying brigand to rifle the pockets of every
wayworn traveler that might pass. I think I
can show she is very far from meriting any such
imputation. Secession mitigated or intensified,
infidelity to the truest and best interests of this
nation, whatever maybe her shortcomings, is
the last charge that can truly be made against
New Jersey. Her more remote as well as her
more recent history disproves it. When in the
waning fortunes of the Revolution the country
locked to her they did not look in vain. There
jis scarcely an ancient spire in her borders the
shadow of which does not rest upon the graves
of those who have British bullets encoffined
with them ; and if the ancestry of my respected
friend from Indiana, who were Jerseymen,
were possessed of the same patriotic impulses
which the nation rejoices to accord to him,
some of them may now fill such honored graves.
In the more recent struggle she was equally
true; for first of all the States, on the call of
the President, New Jersey placed her full com-
plement of men in Pennsylvania avenue for
the defense of Washington. She maintained
ber historic character on every battle-field of
this Union. Secession or infidelity does not
live in the breasts of the people I represent.
And as to the charge that she is grappling for
her own interests and taxing all the commerce
that passes through the State, let me call the
attention of the Senate to a few facts.
The railroad enterprise of the country had
its biith in New Jersey. Thete is no courage
now required to undertake the building of
railroads. The errors by which millions on
millions of capital have been lost have all
been discovered. New Jersey tried the ex-
periment. and the whole land, without sharing
in the losses incident to the trial, profits by
our experience. The Camden and Amboy
railroad, extending from Camden to South
Amboy on the Raritan bay, and from thence
by steamer to New York, was completed in
1832; the railroad from Philadelphia to New
Brunswick, by way of Trenton, was completed
in 1833; and no other railroad from New York
existed until ten years later. The Harlem,
the New Haven, the Hudson River, were con-
structed in 1848 ; the Erie m 1850. And with
the exception of the Philadelphia and \\ il-
mington road, no railroad excepting this was
constructed from Philadelphia until 1844. New
Jersey has expended, as the census of 1860
shows, more money m constructing railroads
than any State between Washington and Can-
ada, with the exception of the two great States
of New York and Pennsylvania and the State
of Massachusetts. Every county in the State
has a railroad ; and the fruits of her_enterprise
are discovered in the statistics of the land,
which show that the average value of an acre
of land in New Jersey is considerably greater
than that in any other portion of this country.
X would remind my friend from Indiana that
while his State in population is the fifth in the
nation, and New Jersey the sixteenth, in the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1SG0, Indiana paid
into the national Treasury $5,200,633, and New
Jersey paid §9,781,492, an excess of nearly four
million dollars over Indiana; and in the year
ending June 30, 1807, while Indiana paid into
the Treasury $4,101,182, New Jersey paid
$7,838,504. We do not live, sir, entirely by
taxing public travel.
Now a word as to the facilities of transit
across the State. Is it true that there is but
one railway by which you can cross our terri-
tory? No. There are seven railroads radi-
ating in every direction from the city of New
Yoik across New Jersey. There is the North-
ern railroad, from Jersey City to Piermont;
the Brie railroad, from Jersey City to the
boundary line, and thence on to Lake Erie;
the Morris and Essex railroad, running from
Jersey City to Pennsylvania, doing a large
business in the transportation of passengers
and produce to arid from the West; the Cen-
tral railroad, extending from Jersey City to
Pennsylvania—a road perhaps more expens-
ively and perfectly constructed than any in
the Union; the Camden and Amboy, from
Camden to South Amboy, on Raritan bay,
connecting with New York by steamers—'the
road that we usually travel, through New
Brunswick, Trenton, and to Philadelphia ; and
there is also the railroad from Port Mon-
mouth, extending to Cape May, and a road
which, since the monopoly has expired, will
be able to make connection with Philadelphia.
Here are seven railroads shooting in different
directions across the State of New Jersey.
There, too, is the Delaware and Raritan canal,
than which there is not a nobler or more
expensive work in this country, extending from
the Delaware to the Raritan. In the admin-
istration of President Monroe his Secretary of
War recommended this as a military measure
in order to avoid the danger of the outside
passage in time of war. The Government did
not adopt it as a public improvement, and the
capital of New Jersey constructed it. It is a
canal seventy-five feet wide and seven feet
deep, admirably constructed, and on which ply
steamers and other vessels doing an immense
commerce between Philadelphia and New
York. There is another public work that occurs
to me. De Witt Clinton happened to be speuding
some time in the mountains of New Jersey and
discovered a beautiful and extensive lake on the
top of the mountains, affording a large supply
of water, and the idea occurred to him that
by the ute of that water a canal might bo con-
structed between New York and Pennsylvania
over the hills that intervene. The enterprise
of the State was invoked, and a canal one hun-
dred and three miles long, overcomingby means
of inclined planes an elevation of nearly one
thousand feet, was constructed. New Jersey,
sir, is not exactly a Chinese wall, good for noth-
ing else but to be kicked at by those who have
nothing better to do.
Now, a word or two on the law. He affirms,
and truly, that no State has the right to impose
a tax on passengers. That position will not
be disputed ; and if it be denied, his lucid argu-
ment and the authorities adduced demonstrate
its truth. But that is not the point where the
argument comes in. The question is, whether
this statute, avowedly directed against the pol-
icy of New Jersey, is called for ; whether that
State does tax passengers? Had he here ad-
dressed himself there would have been more
to answer. The general proposition is most
succinctly stated by that just and learned judge
who during the wai, by one or two ot his
decisions, rendered a service to the nation as
important as a great victory. Justice Grier
says ;
"A tax imposed by a State for entering its terri-
tories or harbors is inconsistent with the lights which
belong to citizens of other States as members of tiie
Union, and with the objects which that Union was
. intended to attain. Such a power in tbc Stares could
I produce nothing but discord and mutual irritation;
] and they clearly do not posses-j it."
! The true question, however, is whether the
tax complained of is a tax on passengers? I
assert that it. is not. Every State may in some
manner tax its railroads. Taxation is not in
itself an infringement of the Constitution. It
is only the peculiar mode in which it is effected,
as by taxing passengers, that is objectionable.
There are various methods by which States tax
railroads. In some instances the tax is levied
on the stock in the hands of the company.
Again, it is levied on the cost of the road, so
