1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29?
40th Cong. ...3d Sess.
Public Credit—Mr. Plielps.
Ho. of Reps.
men ; tarnish not the escutcheon of your glory
■with the least shadow of revenge; restore at
once these little remnants of my house to
those to whom the beloved partner of my
bosom and myself have consigned them, and
let them descend as cherished mementos among
those who bear our name and lineage!
Public Credit.
REMARKS OF IIOK 0. E. PHELPS,
OF MARYLAND,
In* the House of Representatives,
February 24, 1869,
On thebill (II. R. No. 1744) tostrengthen the public
credit and relating to contracts for the payment of
coin—
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Speaker, as the vote
which I intend to give for the bill reported by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] from
the Committee of Ways and Means will prob-
ably place me in a position of antagonism with
a majority of those with whom I have been
politically associated on this floor I feel it
incumbent upon me to state briefly the reasons
which have governed my judgment upon this
question.
The first section of this bill is on its face
declaratory, proposes 110 new legislation, but
professes simply to remove doubts raised by
conflicting interpretations of existing laws as to
the purpose of the Government in itsfuture deal-
ings with its creditors.
The second section, which legalizes coin
contracts, has been virtually superseded by a
recent decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States, promulgated since the bill was
reported, has therefore been deprived of sig-
nificance, and may be passed without comment.
The only serious controversy upon this bill
arises from the provision in its first section
pledging the faith of the United States—
To the payment in coin or its equivalent of all the
interest-bearing obligations of the United States,
except in ca?.es where tne law authorizing the issue of
any such obligations lias expressly provided that the
same maybe paid in lawful money, or other currency
than gold and silver.
This proposition is the direct converse of that
contained in tiie national Democratic platform
adopted by the New York convention in July,
1863. in the following terras:
"Where the obligations of the Government do not
expressly state upon their face, or the law uiider
which they are issued does not provide that they
.•hall be paid in coin, they ought, in right and in
justice, to be paid in the lawful money of the United
States."
I confess that I had no sooner read the pro-
ceedings of the New York convention adopt-
ing ibis proposition than I felt that a false if
not fatal'step had been taken in thus commit-
ting the whole organization of the Democratic
pafty to what I had always considereda heresy,
as unsound in principle and in public morals
as in constitutional law and public policy, and
a treacherous innovation upon the hard money
record and traditions of the Democratic party
during its entire history. From the enactment
of the first ofthe series ofacts of Congress author-
izing the emission of greenbacks 1 had shared
in the doubts that were entertained by jurists of
both political parties as to the constitutional
power of Congress to force this currency upon
the people as a legal tender. The Constitution
ofthe United States in express terms prohibited
the States from exercising such a power:
">ToState shall make anything but gold and sil-
ver coin a tender in payment of debts. —Article 1,
section 10.
The power thus positively inhibited to the
States is not to be found among the grants of
power to Congress, which is only authorized "to
coin money, regulate the value thereof, and of
foreign coin, and fix the standard of weights
and measures." (Art. 1, sec. 8.) _ The only
constitutional currency, therefore, is "coined
money." This is the plain language and obvi-
ous import of the document, so held by states-
men of all parties and supported by the uniform
practice ofthe Government, which never until
the second year of the late rebellion under-
took to declare anything else than coin of gold
and silver a legal tender. The attempt to find
some constitutional sanction for the financial
legislation of 1862 and subsequent years among
the incidental powers implied from the express
grants"to regulate commerce," "to raise and
support armies," "to provide and maintain a
Navy," and to make all the laws "necessary
and proper for carrying into execution" the
granted powers, including, of course, "the
common defense and general welfare," was a
lame afterthought, an idea unsupported by
sound argutlient, contradicted by concurrent
testimony and practice, and exploded by a ref-
erence to the proceedings and debates of the
Convention. That record discloses the fact
that in the proposed draft of the Constitution,
as it was reported from the Committee on
Revision, was a provision that—
"Congress should have power to borrow money on
the credit of the United States, and to emit bills of
credit.
"Mr. Gooverneur Morris moved to striko out
' and emit bills on the credit of the United States.'
"Mr. Madison. Will it not be sufficient to pro-
hibit the makingthem a tender?
"Mr. Ellsworth thouccht this a favorable mo-
ment to shut and bar the door against paper money.
The mischiefs of the various experiments which had
been made were now fresh in the public mind and
had excited the disgust of all the respectable part of
America. By withholding the power from the new
Government more friends of influence would bo
gained to it than by almost anything else.
"Mr.Laxgdox had rather reject the whole plan
than retain the three words ' and emit bills.'"
The vote being taken, the words were stricken
from the Constitution by nine States against
two.
'That the framers of the Constitution deliber-
ately intended to shut the door in the face of
any such implication warranting the issue of
legal-tender notes, as has been of late years
attempted to be extorted from various grants
in that instrument, is conclusively proved by
Mr. Madison in the note which he appends to
the debate from which the above extracts are
taken:
" The vote in the affirmative by Virginia, on the
motion to strike out the words 4 emit biiig of credit,'
was occasioned by the acquiescence of Mr. Madison,
wbo became satisfied that striking out the words
would not disable the Government from the use of
public notes, as far as they could be safe and proper,
and would only cut olf the pretext for a paper eur-
rcncy, and particularly for making the bills atender
either for public or private debts."
The power to contract an indebtedness in-
volving as an inseparable incident the right to
issue to the creditor certificates of that indebt-
edness, the power to emit bills of credit, was
left to be implied from the express grant (art.
1, sec. 7) " to borrow money on the credit of
the United States." And the only reason for
refusing to embody that conceded incidental
power in the form of an express grant was, as
evidenced by the uncontradicted authority of
Madison himself, in his own emphatic lan-
guage, " to cut off the pretext for making the
bills a tender either for public or private
debts."
No argument can be made more complete
or conclusive than the argument to prove the
unconstitutionality of so much of the act "of
February 25, 1862, and of subsequent enact-
ments, as authorizes the issue of legal-tender
notes. So overwhelming, in fact, was the force
of this argument felt to be by the defenders of
this legislation at the time that many of them
were compelled to take refuge behind the con-
venient pretext of " necessity," and advocate
the emission as a temporary expedient re-
quired by the exigencies of a war to "preserve
the life of the nation."
But the event has proved for the warning
and instruction of posterity that to violate the
Constitution in order to preserve it is as mis-
taken in policy as it is wicked in principle.
The necessity, if it existed at all, was simply
the necessity ofthe famished burglar who robs
to keep himself and his family from starvation.
His "temporary expedient" may carry him
over the emergency of the day, but it lays the
foundation for a train of consequences which
will in the future remind him to his sorrow of
the many inconveniences incident to a willful
violation of law.
If at the commencement of the war the hon-
est, straightforward, business-like policy bad
been adopted by the Government of selling its
obligations for their market value instead of
resorting, in the first instance, to the banks,
and when they were crippled endeavoring to
force an unconstitutional, irredeemable paper
currency upon tbe people, no such "necessity"
as that pleaded in defense of the latter could
possibly have existed. The "obligation of con-
tracts" would notthen have beeu ''impaired"
to the extent of Virtual confiscation of one
third the total indebtedness of the country.
Whole classes of our citizens would not then
have been demoralized by this signal example
of bad faith and violation of law at headquar-
ters, and we would have escaped at least so
much of that Pandora's box of misfortunes let
loose upon the country as is incident to a de-
graded currency, inflated prices, and the spec-
ulation and peculation, profligacy, extrava-
gance, corruption, and fraud which are their
inevitable consequences.
Viewing this whole controversy about the
payment of the five-twenty bonds from the con-
stitutional stand-point, indicated, I could not of
course accept any construction of the acts of
Congress authorizing the issue of those obliga-
tions which would involve the emission of a
single dollar of legal-tender notes beyond the
limit already reached. Further than this, if
there was in reality any ambiguity in the lan-
guage of those acts raising a doubt as to whether
it was the intention of the Legislature to pro-
vide for the ultimate payment of those obli-
gations in coin or in legal-tender notes within
the amount of those notes limited by law,
($400,000,000,) then my conviction clearly wai
that the interpretation of those statutes should
be made subject to the presumption that the
Congress of the United States could not have
intended, where they did not in express terms
declare, payment in an unconstitutional cur-
rency, but must have intended payment in the
constitutional currencyof gold and silver coin.
It is this proposition, namely, the presump-
tion in favor of coin payments, the act being
silent, that I vote for in voting for the bill of
the committee; and it is the converse proposi-
tion, namely, the presumption in favor of green-
back payments, the act being silent, that I em-
phatically dissented from in the New York
platform, as well as from the distinction taken
in that platform between " coin" and the " law-
ful money of the United States." I could never
see, even admitting greenbacks to be "lawful
money," how gold eagles and silver dollars
of the United States, coined under its laws
and stamped with its impress, had become un-
lawful money. And I should almost as soon
have expected from a Democratic convention
a declaration in favor of the military commis-
sion as a substitute for the constitutional trial
by jury for civilians, because that institution
was made a "legal tender" by the Govern-
ment during the saturnalia of the civil war, as
such an attempt to ignore the constitutional
hard money of peace in favor of the bastard
progeny of a crazy war measure.
Notwithstanding my want of orthodoxy upon
this feature of the Democratic platform I still
supported the candidates of that party at the
presidential election to the best of my ability as
a citizen, although declining to become a can-
didate for reelection to Congress. Apart from
my settled and uncompromising opposition to
the Radical theory and practice of reconstruc-
tion, which I regarded as, after all, the para-
mount issue of the canvass. I could find no such
unequivocal declaration of the financial policy
of that party in its Chicago platform as con-
