'298
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-RESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
Ho. of Reps.
Public Credit—Mr. Phelps.
40th Cong. ... 3d Sess.
trasted it very favorably with, that jast com-
merited on. In fact, the phraseology of both
these platforms was so constructed as not to
preventingenious partisans, whether of the gold
or greenback complexion, from standing har-
moniously together upon either of them. Both
still left open for private interpretation the spe-
cial question of the true construction of the act
of February 25, 1862, and the subsequent five-
twenty acts as to whether those acts did or did
not contract for payment in coin of the obli-
gations issued under them. The greenback
.Republican from Ohio or Indiana who believed
with Senators Sherman and Morton that both
the "letter" and " spirit" of those laws were
■satisfied by a legal-tender payment was sound
enough on the Chicago platform to insist upon
" the payment of the public indebtedness," not
in coin, but "in the uttermost good faith."
Coming now directly to the question of con-
struction of the original act creating legal ten-
ders, passed February 25, 1862, entitled "An act
to authorize the issue of United States notes,
and for the redemption or funding thereof, and
1'or funding the floating debt of the United
States:" it provides in its first section for the
issue on the credit of the United States of
$150,000,000 of United States notes not bear-
ing interest, payable to bearer at the Treasury
of the United States, $50,000,000 of which to
be in lieu of certain demand notes previously
issued, and the whole amount of said notes at
no time to exceed the sum of $150,000,000,
limited to $400,000,000 by actof June 30,1864:
" And such notes herein authorized shall be receiv-
able in payment of all taxes, internal duties, excises,
"debts, and demands of every kind due to the United
States, except duties on imports, and of all claims
and demands against theUnitedStatesof every kind
whatsoever, except for interest upon bonds and notes,
which shall be paid in coin, and shall also be lawful
money and a legal tender in payment of all debts,
public and private, within the United States, except
duties on imports and interest as aforesaid."
The doubts that have been raised as to the
ultimate purpose of the Government, in the
payment of the five-twenty bonds authorized
to be issued by the second section of the act,
and which it is the avowed object of the pend-
ing bill to settle, spring from conflicting in-
terpretations of the language just cited from
the first section. The advocates of paper
money, in and out of Congress, are understood
as claiming that this language is express and
positive in warranting the payment in legal-
tender notes of all debts, public and private,
including the bonds issued under the act; and
that this language alone embodies the terms of
the entire contract between the Government
and its creditors.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not hesitate to
admit that if this construction be the true
construction of the act of 1862, and the only
construction, then the bill now under consid-
eration, if passed, will be a mere hrutum, ful-
men. It will simply be a declaratory statute
of what the law was before its passage in the
opinion of the present Congress. As such it
will have no binding authority upon the judicial
department of the Government, to which ex-
clusively belongs the power to construe. It is
the alphabet of our system of government,
whose powers are distributed and defined, that
the power that makes is not the power to con-
strue the law. If the contract between the
Government and its creditors be in reality a
contract to pay at maturity, either optionally
at five years or absolutely at twenty, the face
of its obligations in its own due bills, then we
have no right to make a present to those cred-
itors of the difference between those due-bills
and the solid specie.
But if, as I have always believed, the con-
tract between the Government and its credit-
ors, as apparent upon a true construction of
the entire act, is a contract to pay its obliga-
tions at maturity in real money, in that consti-
tutional currency of gold and silver coin which
is 11 lawful money" of the highest grade, then
it is time that the doubts which have been
thrown over the intention of the Government
to perform its contracts in honest simplicity,
doubts which have notoriously done great injury
to the public credit, should be removed by an
emphatic legislative declaration.
The process of reasoning which has brought
my mind to this conclusion may be very briefly
stated. I shall exclude all presumptions
founded upon official or unofficial declarations
outside the positive terms of the written law.
Whatever may have been the understanding at
the time, either from contemporaneous debate
in Congress, from the language or conduct of
financial functionaries, or from authorized ad-
vertisements of the agents of the Government
while soliciting for the loan, I am willing to
concede, for the purposes of this argument,
that both the parties to the contract, the United
States on the one side and the public creditors
on the other, must be held to the expressed
terms of the written contract as the only meas-
ure of their rights and liabilities.
I begin with a proposition which is not dis-
puted, that there is nothing in the law which
prohibits payment in coin. It is admitted that
the law leaves coin at least upon an equal foot-
ing with paper. I have not yet heard it claimed
that gold and silver have been outlawed by act
of Congress. It has never been denied, to my
knowledge, that a citizen debtor might still, if
he preferred, even under the act of 1862, pay
his private debts within the country in coin,
and that his creditor would still be obliged to
accept it as a legal tender, although, I must
confess, that no instance of the kind in prac-
tice has occurred in my experience. Nor has
it been denied that it is still perfectly compe-
tent for the United States to pay its obligations
in like currency. Here, then, we have in-
cluded in the contract two distinct kinds of
lawful money, two forms of currency, two sep-
arate and specific legal tenders, of which the
creditor is bound to take notice, and inter-
woven with them in the same phraseology, two
separate and distinct classes of indebtedness,
the one public, the. other private, '' lawful
money and a legal tender in payment of all
debts, public and private, within the United
States," except duties and interest.
Now, if this language and its immediate
context in the first section embraced the
whole contract, there might be valid reason to
doubt the claim of the public creditor to de-
mand payment in one of these specific kinds
of legal tender rather than the other, its equiv-
alent and alternative. Two kinds of currency
being available for the purposes of this pay-
ment, the one unquestionably lawful money
by the supreme and unchanged law, the other
attempted to be made lawful by an unconsti-
tutional enactment, the case would then arise
for the application of the principle before ad-
verted to, and a forced presumption would
have to be made that the Legislature intended
a constitutional payment in the currency of
the Constitution. Fortunately, however, the
contract is  ot all embraced in the language
of the first section, and is not dependent upon
the final decision of the constitutional ques-
tion. <■
Further on, in the fifth section of the same
act, follows a very significant and a very im-
portant provision for the purchase or payment
of the entire debt of the United States by a
specific appropriation, not of ambiguous " law-
ful money,'' but of coin eo nomine. The exact
mode of the appropriation is indicated in the
reservation of a coin sinking fund. This sec-
tion, in terms, enacts that the coin paid for
duties on imported goods shall be set apart as
a special fund to be applied—
:i ^-° the payment in coin of the interest on
® notes of the United States.
£cc1n/i' 6 PHrollase or payment of one per
cent, of the entire debt of the United States, to be
^.thin efcv fiscal year after the 1st day of July,
1862, which is to be set apart as a sinking fund, and
the interest of which shall, in like manner, be ap-
plied to the purchase or payment of the public debt
as the Secretary of the Treasury shall from titae to
time direct.
" Third. The residue thereof to be paid into the
Treasury of the United States."
For the purpose for which this section is now
cited, it is perfectly immaterial whether its
provisions have been regarded or disregarded,
in practice. In point of fact, they have been
up to this date utterly ignored, whether from a
difference of opinion between the successive
Secretaries of the Treasury on the one hand
and Congress on the other, as to the policy
of a sinking fund on general principles, or
because the indebtedness of the Government
continued rapidly augmenting for several years
after the act was passed, and its entire coin
resources were exhausted in efforts to keep
pace with growing liabilities. I will state in
this connection that immediately after learn-
ing the action that had been taken by the New
York Democratic convention upon the bond
question, on the 11th of July last, I offered in
the House the following:
" Resolutions to carry into effect the fifth section of
the act of 1862, February 25, relative to a sinking
fund.
"Resolved, Thatthe Committee of Ways and Means
are hereby instructed to report for the action of the
House a bill to carry into immediate effect tho fifth
section of the act of 1862, February 25, providing that
the coin received for duties on imports shall, after
paying interest on bonds and notes, be applied to tho
purchase or payment of one per cent, of the entire
debt of the United States within each fiscal year, to
be set apart, with the accruing interest, as a sinking
fund.
"Resolved, That the said committee are also in-
structed to provide in said bill for the establishment
of a board of commissioners of the sinking fund, to
be composed of the Secretary of the Treasury, the
Vice President of the United States, and the Speaker
of the House of Representatives, whose duty it shall
be, without additional compensation, to make from
time to time such lawful rules and regulations as may
be necessary for the management ofsaidsinking fund.
"Resolved, That the said committee are further in-
structed to provide in said bill that all money which
may accrue from taxes thatmay beimposed upon the
bonds or coupons of the public debt shall be from
time to time appropriated to the increment of the
sinking fund, and that all special funds held under
the several Departments of the Government, and not
covered into the Treasury of the United States, be
forthwith transferred and charged to the commis-
sioners of the sinking fund, for the purposes thereof."
(Mis. Doc. No. 164, Fortieth Congress, second, session.)
No action has to this day been taken by the
Committee of Ways and Means in the direction
indicated by these resolutions, which I offered
with a view to securing such an expression of
a determination on the part of the Govern-
ment to fulfill its forgotten pledges as would
effectually silence such damaging doubts as
those to which the action of the New York
convention first gave formal and organized
utterance. Had the whole contract made by
the Governmentin solemn statute been literally
performed upon its part, by simple compliance
with the provisions requiring the special res-
ervation of a coin sinking fund for the pur-
chase or payment of the public debt, we would
not be here to-day considering how to settle
doubts by a declaratory enactment.
What, then, is the attitude of the Government
to-day as respects its creditors, fixed by its own
legislation ?
It has gone into the markets of the world
with one hand open to borrow money and hold-
ing in the other a statute pledging its coin
receipts for the payment of both interest and
principal. Under this statute the five-twenty
bonds were issued, to be paid absolutely in
twenty years, optionally in five, and a tempt-
ing intimation thrown in of a possibility of
payment by " purchase" even before the five
years' option. This is what the creditors un-
derstood ; this is what they had a right to
understand. If the Government has failed to
reserve that coin sinking fund its creditors have
still the right to insist that the Government
shall not at least forget that it was promised.
They have the right to insist upon a fair and
legitimate construction of the whole contract
in all its parts, and are not now to have the
legal-tender clause dismembered from its con-
text and thrown separately into their
