1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
40th Coxa....3d Sess,
Public Credit—-Mr. Phelps.
Ho. of Reps.
while the coin-payment clause is first prac-
tically repudiated and then contemptuously
suppressed.
It matters not whether the theory of a sink-
ing fund be sound or unsound, whether its
establishment heretofore has been practicable
or not, whether its failure hitherto be justifiable
or the reverse, the coin payment was the real
end in view, the coin payment was the essence
of the promise. • If the machinery devised has
failed it has been through no fault of the cred-
itor. No act of omission or of commission on
his part has defeated the act of Congress. All
that can be said is that for some reason not
explained the Government has, without the
consent of its creditors, without their fault,
and without even an apology, utterly ignored
and repudiated an important particular of its
contract in the matter of this sinking fund.
And now the point is, shall the Government
take advantage of its own default by affecting
ignorance of the very object for which the
sinking fund was devised ? Shall it pretend
not to see that it ever pr<*mised payment of
interest and principal in coin, because it has
not seen fit to resort to the particular method
which it once proposed of making that promise
available ?
This natural interpretation of the statute,
upon plain principles of law requiring that the
intention of the Legislature should be gathered
from the four corners of the enactment, and
that the meaning of contracting parties should
be learned by giving full effect to the language
of the contract in all its parts, and not by sup-
pressing its terms in any particular, is sustained
afso by plain maxims of sound common sense
and common honesty.
The idea of a respectable Government which
has some reputation to sustain seriously pro-
posing to its creditors, by specialty, to give up
their obligations drawing interest, and take in
settlement its " I. 0. U.," and undertaking to
call that transaction a payment, has not even
the merit of originality to recommend it. It
is a tame imitation of the brilliant financial
expedient of Mr. Micawber. The boy who got
in a basket and tried perseveringly to lift him-
self up by the handles presented but a faint
illustration of the problem in financial dynam-
ics undertaken to be solved by the payment
of a debt in due bills.
There seems to be in the human mind, in
all ages, an irrepressible hankering after the
impossible, well satirized by Dean Swift in
his description of the philosophers observed by
Gulliver in his travels engaged in extracting
sunbeams from cucumbers. Men do not now
spend their lives and fortunes in quest of t?e
universal solvent to turn all metals into gold.
The search after the philosopher's stone and
the elixir of life has been abandoned; there
are but few now-a-days who still prosecute the
discovery of perpetual motion; but it seems as
if the entire class of minds in this generation
whose idiosyncrasies would otherwise have led
them into these fanciful researches now revel
amid the mysteries and miracles of finance.
We hear one sect of these philosophers, as yet
confined to but one convert, and he the founder
of the system, gravely proposing to banish per-
manently from circulation the constitutional
currency of gold and silver, known to our
fathers, from father Abraham down, as avestige
of barbaric ages and despotic Governments.
Such I understand to be the theory of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bctler,]
who proposes to shingle the country with shin-
plasters, fundable into unpayable bonds, and
these again dissolvable into irredeemable shin-
plasters. By this discovery a currency both
elastic and convertible is secured to a grateful
people and their posterity, and a reciprocal
action established between the national debt
and the circulating medium, the debt furnish-
ing the currency and the currency paying the
debt, which is to go on ad infinitum, thus real-
izing perpetual motion in finance if not in
physics.
Another sage idea, much more widely venti-
lated and the antipodes of that just mentioned,
is that Congress should legislate the country
into resumption by only naming the happy day.
Between these extremes a countless multitude
of financial schemes have been propounded
for the funding of the debt, the reduction of
the rate of interest, the resumption of specie
payments, and the speedy return of prosperity
to the country and relief to the Government,
of nearly all of which schemes it is enough to
say that those which are honest are imprac-
ticable, and those which are practicable are
dishonest.
It is time that we stopped entertaining each
other with these romantic delusions and settled
down upon the hard, dry fact, that for nations
as well as for individuals there is no new way
to pay old debts. A succession of political
follies, blunders, and crimes, from which no
party and no section have been wholly free of
responsibility,! culminating in war, has entailed
a mortgage of over $2,500,000,000 upon the
property and labor of the entire population of
the ^Republic. There Is but one way of discharg-
ing this indebtedness, and that is by working
it out. Those who talk of repudiation forget
that while "private credit is wealth, public
honor is security;" and that so long as money
is the sinews of war, and credit is the fountain
of money, a Government dishonored in the
markets of the world and distrusted by its own
citizens must expect nothing but humiliation,
insult, and aggression.
