1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
523
cents, wliat then? The Senator says it is a
mere tax on business, and the Legislature of
New Jersey has aright to impose it. But, in a
precisely similar case the Supreme Court of
the United States says itis a tax on passengers,
although the captain of the vessel is hound to
pay it; and here, although the railroad com-
pany is bound to pay it, it is nevertheless a tax
upon the passengers for the same reason.
Again, said the Supreme Court in that case :
44 A tax or duly upon tonnage, merchandise, or pas-
sengers is a regulation of commerce, and ennnot bo
laid by a State except under the sanction of Con^re^s
and lor the purposes spcciiicd in the Constitution."
Mr. Justice Catron, in his opinion, goes on
to state that one of the reasons that brought
about the American Union was the levy of a tax
upon passengers and freight by other States,
and he uses this language, to which X call the
particular attention of the Senate :
"If it bo the true raoanine; ot the Constitution that
a Stu.to can evade them by declaring that themaster
may be taxed ill rosxard to passengers on t,he mere
assertion that lie shall have a remedy over against
the passengers, eitizen and aliens, and that the State
may assess the amount of tax at discretion, then tho
old evil will be revived, as tho States may tax at
every town and village where a vessel of any kind
lands."
Now, sir, it is a mere verbal difference. The
Legislature of New York did not call the tax
in that case a tax upon passengers; it did not
call it a tax at all; but it was so much that the
master of the ship was bound to pay on account
of his passengers ; and yet it was obvious that
it would be collected oil' the passengers, and
therefore it was called a tax upon passengers.
In the ease of Craudall vs. The State of Ne-
vada, the same argument was made that has
been made by the Senator from Now Jersey.
What said the counsel for the State in that case :
"It is strictly a tax on li'S business, graduated by
the amount of such business, as are license taxes,
winch otten are made to vary pro rata with the
amount of business done by the person taking the
license.''
Mr. FUELING IIUYSEN. Iwould call the
attention of my friend to one difference. The
argument is true in the case of New Jersey;
it was not true there.
Mr. MOHTON. That depends upon argu-
ment rather than upon assertion. Now, i assert
that there is no difference in principle between
the statute of New Jersey and the statute of Ne-
vada. What is the statute of Nevada? Itis—
"That there shall be levied and collected aenpita-
tion tax of one dollar upon every person leaving the
Mate by any railroad, stage-coach, or other vehicle
engaged or employed in the business of transporting
passengers for hire, and that the proprietors, own-
ers, ami incorporations so engaged shall pay said tax
of ono dollar for each and every person *o convened
or transported from tho State."
What aie the operative words of that stat-
ute? That the stage company or the railroad
company shall pay so much to the State for
every passenger carried, just precisely as in
New Jersey the railroad company shall pay
so much for every passenger carried. But the
New Jersey statute does not call it a capitation
tax, and the Nevada statute does call it.a capi-
tation t.a.x. The operative words in the Ne-
vada statute are that the company shall pay
♦he tax, not the passenger ; yet the court said
it is nevertheless a tax upon the passenger.
Mr, Justicc Miller, in delivering the opinion,
said":
"Itis claimed by counsel for tho State that the
tax thus levied is not a tax upon the passenger, but
upon tlie busmc.-s of the carrier who transports him.
"Tf the act were much more skillfully drawn to
sustain this hypothesis than it is we should be very
rclucfant to admit that any form of words which had
the effect to compel every person traveling thronsrh
tiie country by tho common and usual modes of pub-
lic conveyance to pay a specific sum to the State was
not a tax upon tho right thus exercised."
And accordingly it is here held in express
terms that it is a tax upon the passenger,
although the passenger was not required to pay
it at all; but the stage company or the railroad
company,was required to pay it, just as in the
case of New Jersey. Where is the difference ?
The Senator from New Jersey says that any
State has n right to levy a jax on the business
of a corporation, instead of taxing it j property.
I deny it. That is the very point that is here
decided. There are some kinds of business
which the State of New Jersey has no right to
tax, even to the amount of one farthing. It
may be said to be in lieu of all other taxes; it
may be a good arrangement for the company ;
it may be a bad arrangement for the State; but
it is the character of the business that is taxed
and not the amount of it that settles the ques-
tion.
Now, let us suppose, for the sake of the
argument, that it would have been much bet-
ter for New Jersey to tax the property of this
railroad company in the ordinary way, just the
way all other property is taxed. Suppose, for
the sake of the argument, that it is a good thing
for the company to be compelled to pay only
so much upon passengers and so much upon
freight, does that change the principle? It is
the character of the tax, and not the amount
of it. Chief Justice Marshall said, in the case
of McCulloch™. Maryland, it is not the amount
of the tax that Maryland levies on the notes
of the banks of the United States, hut it is the
fact that she levies a tax at all. And he went
on to say that if she had a right to levy a tax
of ten cents she had a right to levy a tax of
$100 or £1,000. And so in the case of the
State of New Jersey: if New Jersey has aright
to require a railroad company to pay ten cents
for one passenger she has a right to require
the company to pay one dollar or §100, and it
amounts to a destruction of travel. No, sir;
it is not the amount of the tax, nor is it the
fact that it is in lieu of all other taxes. That
makes no difference. It is the kind of busi-
ness that is taxed ; and what is that business?
It is the carrying of passengers across the
State—a business secured and guarantied by
the Constitution of the United States.
Now, sir, let me make an illustration ortwo.
Let me suppose that the State of New Jersey
should levy a tax of one fourth of one per cent,
on all sales made by importers of foreign goods
in tho original package, and should say that
that should be in lieu of all other taxes on those
persons. There is a tax upon business in lieu
of all other taxes. Has the State ol'Ncw Jersey
a right to do that? No, sir; those importers
have a right to sell their goods in the original
package by virtue of the Constitution and laws
of the United States, and the Stale of New
Jersey has no right to levy a tax upon their
sales even to the amount of one fourth pet-
cent. or of one hundredth part of one per
cent. It might bo a very good arrangement
for the importers to be taxed in this way ; their
taxes might be much smaller than if they were
imposed upon their property in the ordinary
way ; it might be a very bad arrangement for
New J eraoy to do it: but, sir, it is the character
of the business that is taxed that makes the
difference. New-Jersey has no right to tax
that business. Let me take anni her il lustra lion.
Suppose New .) ersey should levy a tax of one
half per cent, upon I lie incomes of all persons
derived from interest on United States stocks,
and should provide that for the amount of
money received they should pay a tax to the
State of one half per cent., and that this should
be in lieu of all other taxes on them. There
is a tax upon business; but has the Slate of
New Jersey a right to do it? It may be a very
bad thing for the State ; it may he a very good
thing for the persons thus taxed; but New Jer-
sey cannot impose that tax because thercceipts
from United States stocks are in virtue of a
contract with the United States, and the State
cannot interfere with it. If a Stale can lay a
tax of one half pe>- cent, it can make it one per
cent, or it can make it ten per cent. That
comes right back to the old principle ; it is the
kind of business you ^re taxing; it is not the
amount of the tax which regulates (lie question.
You cannot tax the importer on his sales in
the original packages: you cannot tax the in-
come from the United States bonds; you can-
not tax travel across the States of this Union
in any form. It is not the amount, but the
character of the business.
Mr. CATTELL. Will the Senator from
Indiana allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. CATTELL. I ask whether the railroads
in the State of Indiana pay any tax to the
State?
Mr. MORTON. Yes. sir.
Mr. CATTELL. If the railroads in Indiana
pay a tax to the State where do they get the
ability to pay it except from the profits of their
mads ; and what difference is there whether
the tax is laid on the number of passengers
crossing the road or upon the gross receipts or
the value of the property?
Mr. MORTON. The railroads of Indiana
pay tax just as other kinds of property pay
taxes. They pay no special tax. The State
of Indiana has no right to levy a tax upon
travelers and release the companies from the
ordinary taxes that other corporations and
that private persons pay. But, sir, all these
things are wholly foreign to the question. It
is the kind of business that the Legislature of
New Jersey proposes to tax which makes the
tax objectionable. Tho Supreme Court of the
United States has said, on various occasions,
that no State has the power, directly or indi-
rectly, to tax travelers and travel.
Mr. BAYAltD and others addressed the
Chair.
The PUESlV>ENT>ro tempore. The Chair
foels bound to arrest the debate for the pur-
pose of calling the attention of the Senate to
the unfinished business of yesterday, which is
now regularly before the body.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION UEOKNIS.
Mr. WILSON. Before that is taken up I
desire to introduce a resolution which ought to
be acted upon at once. 11 is to provide for the
reappointment of Professor Agassiz as regent
of the Smithsonian Institution, his term having
expired.
By unanimous consent, leave was given to
introduce the joint resolution (S. 11. No. 200)
reappointing Louis Agassiz a regent of the
Smithsonian institution ; and it was read three
times, and passed.
eilAUTEHING Of RAILROAD COMPANIES.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
5U) to promote commerce among the States,
and to cheapen the transportation of the mails
and military and naval stores, the pending ejues-
tion being on the amendment of Mr. Dool.it-
ti.e, to insert after the word "empowered," in
Hue two of section eight, the words " with tho
consent, of the Legislature of the State or States
through which said railway may be located."
Mr. DOOLITTLK addressed the Senate.
[See Appendix.]
Mr. Cameron obtained the floor.
Mr. CONXvLING. 1 ask Ihe Senator to
allow mo to make a report from a committee
of conference.
Mr. CAMERON. Certainly.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
will be received.
Mr. POMEIiOY. I desire to renew tho
amendment, which was offered by the Senator
liom West Virginia [Mr. Wxlley] to this bill,
and withdrawn bv him.
'The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. That can-
not be done until the amendment betore the
Senate is disposed of.
Mr. POMEROY. It will only be an amend-
ment to an amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Lotus hear this report
from the conference committee.
EVIDENCE IN C0NTESTE11 ELECTIONS.
The Chief Clerk read the report, as follow? :
Tho committee of conference on the dbagieeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (IX. It. No. 1558) entitled "An actio amend an
act entitled * An act to prescribe the mode ot obtain-
ing evidence in !he ca-'1 of coatested elections,' ai> -
proved Februiry 10. ISjI," having met, after full
and free conference have agreed to recommend and
do recommend to their respective Houses as follows :
That the Ilou-e recede from their disagreement to
tlie amendments of the Senate andacrrecto the ssiite
with an amendment, as follows: Strike out all ol saia
Senate amendments and alt aftor the word that m
i, liue one of i ho original bill down to and including tno
h word "district" in line two, andinsertin lieu thereot
