524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
as follows: " .Any register in bankruptcy or notary
public resident in a congressional district;'' and that
the Senate agree to the .-.ime.
ROSCOE CONKLTJTS,
FRKJOERiCK T. FllELINGHUYgEN,
GBOltGK VlUKiSHS,
Managers on the pari of the Senate.
H. I*. DAWES.
SAMUET, MoKEE.
JOHN W. CHANLER.
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
bill read as it will stand if that report is agreed
to. I am perfectly unable to understand what
it m eans i n the way in which it has been stated.
Mr. CONKLING. I can state it in one mo-
ment, if the Senator will allow me. The bill,
as it will stand if the report is concurred in,
will authorize either a register in bankruptcy
or a notary public to act as the officer before
whom testimony maybe taken in any congres-
sional district in which there is a contest. That
is the whole of it, I believe, in appropriate
, language.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to make
any serious opposition to a little matter of this
kind ; but I have the impression that the Judi-
ciary Committee, to whom this bill was referred
in the first instance, were of opinion that a
register in bankruptcy, which was the original
House proposition, ought not to be one of the
persons authorized to take this testimony,
and we reported it with an amendment which
provided some other officer; I believe, as we
reported it, a United States commissioner.
Then, on the motion of my friend from New
York, that was amended by general consent
by substituting a notary public, I think. Now
the conference committee propose to rein-
state in the bill the register in bankruptcy.
The objection that was suggested to that
(although it will have no force in my State that
I know of) was that registers in bankruptcy, as
they now exist, practically have been nom-
inated and their appointment controlled by the
members of Congress from the various con-
gressional districts, and hence it was supposed
that a member having a contested election
might have in the register who was to take the
testimony a person who might be under some
prejudice or partiality in his favor, and who
would not stand, therefore, entirely neutral and
unprejudiced between the parties. That was
the objection that was suggested by my friend
from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] who is not now
in his seat, to the bill as it originally stood. I
do not know that the objection is a very serious
one; but I thought it right to call the attention
of the Senate to it, inasmuch as the result of
the conference appears to be the opposite of
that to which the committee came who reported
the bill in the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. The progress of this bill
must be gratifying, I think, to all beholders
interested in diligent and circumspect legis-
lation. The bill originated in the House of
Representatives. It related exclusively to a
very simple matter pertaining to the privileges
ot the House, there being a number of con-
tested-election cases in which it had been found
impossible seasonably to obtain an officer au-
thorised to take testimony. Without dissent
of views in the House, as I understand, it was
proposed to authorize registers in bankruptcy
to act in necessary eases; and they were se-
lected tor the obvious reasons, first, that there
was one in every congressional district, so
that there would be no provocation or excuse
for long travel and constructive mileage ; sec-
ond, that every register in bankruptcy was a
lawyer, and would understand how to act as a
master in taking testimony. The bill came
here and was the subject of very diligent and
careful scrutiny, and it was thought that va-
rious officers had better be substituted, and at
length, as the Senator says, notaries public
were put in on my suggestion. I thought it
was not a wise selection, but it harmonized the
views of the committee, and it was done. The
bill went back to the House, and the chair-
man of the committee of Elections there, who
is a gentleman of pretty large and extended
experience on this subject, thought the amend-
ment was unwise, deemed registers in bank-
ruptcy the best persops for this purpose, and
the House non-concurred in our action. When
a conference came to be held, they seemed to
consider notaries public rather surplusage than
otherwise, and were willing they should be
retained to do it, and that is the reason it was
agreed to.
Now, I have but one single word to say about
the merits of it. It is a bill in which I feel
very little interest. It is of considerable in-
terest to a number of persons whose time pre-
scribed by statute within which they must take
testimony has almost run, and who have been
unable to find any officer before whom testi-
mony can be taken. Registers in bankruptcy
were appointed by the district courts of the
UnitedStatesuponthenominationof the Chief
Justice of the United States, and the Chief
Justice was, as all will remember, quite fastid-
ious in his mode of satisfying himself of the
fitness of these officers. They were compelled
to come with certificates under the seal of courts
of record, setting forth their qualifications in
a variety of respects enumerated in a circular
which was sent out by the Chief Justice. And
now really I am unable to stretch my credulity
so far as to believe that a serious risk is to be
run in allowing the House of Representatives
to direct that testimony may be taken before
registers in bankruptcy if they choose. It may
possibly be that some register in bankruptcy
is at once so dishonest and so much beholden
to the Representative of his district, whose
election is contested, that he will write down
untruly testimony given, or refuse to write
down that which is given ; but it strikes me
that is so very remote a possibility that I think
we shall discharge our share of duty toward
this bill if we allow it now to pass after its
long pilgrimage through the two Houses.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I wish to
repeat what I said a few moments ago, that this
is a matter which does not interest, so far as I
know, anybody in the State of Vermont; but I
did think it right that the Senate should be in-
formed of the singular metamorphosis through
which this bill has gone since it was reported to
this body, with the opinion of a majority of the
Judiciary Committee that it was not a wise
piece of legislation to add to the large number
of persons who are authorized to take this testi-
mony registers in bankruptcy, of all other men.
And the reason upon which the committee pro-
ceeded was the one that I have named, that we
know that the Chief Justice, in the exercise of
that care and conservatism which characterize
him, had relied mainly upon the member of
Congress from each district for the selection of
an appropriate person to fill that office ; and
hence the committee thought that to enlarge
the area of persons who were to take this testi-
mony by the addition of that particular class of
persons might, as a principle, lead to just criti-
cism in the selection by the member of that
particular officer to perform the duty.
As my friend says, this may be ail fanciful.
The presumption is that every register in bank-
ruptcy is honest, certainly. The presumption
is, also, that every member of Congress is
honest, I take it. Why not permit him to take
the testimony himself, and the contestant him-
self, or his brother, or his son, or his clerk, or
somebody who stands m a position of particu-
lar friendship and partiality toward him ? It
is the same wise principle which forbids that
which should pervade all the operations of
Government that partake of the nature of
jurisprudence and of judicial proceedings ; and
that is, that every agency in the.administration
of justice and in the elimination of truth from
a witness should be conducted through a chan-
nel which is absolutely above not only actual
partiality and prejudice, but above the sus-
picion of it. That is the proposition, because,
sir, permit me to say that a suspicion in a com-
munity that justice is being administered by
partial and unfair hands, that testimony which
is to affect the "right of the people to repre-
sentation in a contested case is being taken
through a channel which is colored in the least
degree by partiality or prejudice or friendship,
is one of the most dangerous steps in the ad-
ministration of a free Government that can be
taken.
That was the view of a majority of the Judi-
ciary Committee, without intending to imply
in the least degree that in the particular half
a dozen cases that may be pending where this
bill would operate there was any dishonesty in
the register in bankruptcy; but when we pass
general laws we pass them for the general
good of the whole body-politic; we pass them
to stand on the statute-book as long as there
shall be occasion for that species of adminis-
tration ; and passing them in such a spirit we
must pass them upon principles that will bear
investigation, and under guards that will pre-
clude not only the possibility of improper con-
duct, but any reasonable suspicion of it.
Now, it is said that this subject relates to
the privileges of the House of Representatives.
So be it, sir. If they are constitutional privi-
leges of the House of Representatives, which
they are entitled to be the judge of themselves,
then it does not need any law about it. The
House of Representatives can select its own
agents, and if a majority of the body desire to
select a register in bankruptcy let them do it;
it would be far from me to complain. But if
this is one of those measures of regulation
which the Constitution requires the law to
make over the proceedings of Government,
then we must look at it as a law, and the fact
that it concerns the House of Representatives
is no argument in favor of one class of persons
rather than another being selected.
I will say too, sir, that I think we hear quite
too often as reasons for the action of this body
that the opinion of the House of Representa-
tives, or particular members of it, is so and so.
It used to be thought in old times, before we
entered upon modern parliamentary practice,
that such methods of argument and such allu-
sions were entirely out of order and unparlia-
mentary ; but I do not know but that it is late
to retrace our steps in that respect. While,
as I said before, this is a matter which con-
cerns the body of people whom I have the
honor to represent in a very small degree,
indeed, I think it right to call the attention of
Senators to the fact that this bill has now got
back to the same position in which it stood
when the Judiciary Committee reported against
it and proposed a substitute for it, which is
now set aside and this restored, i have no
more to say.
Mr. FilELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Presi-
dent  ,
Mr. CAMERON. If the gentleman will
allow me, I desire to suggest that 1 had the
floor and gave way to the Senator from New
York, at his request, on the condition that
there was to be no discussion. I see now that
this matter will occupy the whole day, and I
desire to make my motion for an executive
session.
Mr. FRBLINGHUYSEN. I shall be through
in a minute, and then the Senator can take the
floor.
Mr. President, as a member of the Judiciary
Committee I held the same views as those
expressed by the Senator from Vermont on this
bill, while at the same time 1 did not consider
it a very serious question, as the duties to lie
performed by this commissioner are purely
ministerial, not judicial in any sense ; but as
the House of Representatives, afier hearing our
objection, still adhered to their former view,
and as it was a matter entirely relating to them,
I thought it becoming on the part of the Senate,
being one of the committee of conference, that
we should not adhere to* our views.
'1 he PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
The report was concurred in; there being
on a division—ayes 26, noes 13.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 now move thatthe Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we can finish the
