1478
THE COISTG-EESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
February 23,
he may have done or written some good thing.
Heaven* knows he ought to have done some
good to mitigate the great harm he has done
and is doing the country.
What I object to, sir, is his falsification of
facts and figures. In 1864, throwing off 26.45
the ratio of increase of wealth in the decade
preceding 1860, he told the country that our
wealth in 1870 would be $32,000,000,000, thus
putting his estimate $8,000,000,000 within the
limits which experience would have justified;
but when in his late official report he comes to
tell Congress what our wealth amounts to, how
much we have as a basis for currency, he re-
duces it to $20,000,000,000, and he thereby
demonstrates that relatively with Prance and
England we have a great excess of currency
which we onghtto reduce by contraction. Not
content with inserting this estimate which he
knew to be so false in the body of his report,
he appends to the report a long letter, with a
large edition of which he had heralded the
coming of his report. Now, was Mr. Wells
right when he told us it was $32,000,000,000,
or is he right when he insists on Congress legis-
lating on the delicate question of currency on
the basis of $20,000,000,000'/ It is a falsifica-
tion of figures, a falsification of facts in one case
or the other.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is it not
a prophecy 1
Mr. KELLEY. ■ No, sir; it was argument
or demonstration by the exhibit of authentic
facts and inflexible laws. Writing in 1864, and
having shown that our wealth which had been
$7,135,780,000 in 1850 had become $16,159,-
616,000 in 1860, an increase in the decade of
126.45 per cent., he said:
"Supposing now the war to close at or before the
ond of 1865, with a restoration of the dominion of the
old Union; supposing Also the wealth of the loyal
States to have increased since 1860 at the decennial
ratio of one hundred per cent., (an under ratherthan
nn overestimate,) and the valuation of the disloyal
States at that period to be $1,000,000,000 less than in
18ij0, then the reunited nation will pi art anew on its
era of peace with a capital of $20,000,000,000, and an
annual increase of wealth which certainly cannot he
estimated at less than $2,000,000,000, adopting the
ratio of increase at one hundred per cent, for every
ten years instead of one hundred and twenty-six and
forty-five hundredths per cent., the ratio of increase
from 1859 to 1860.^ This sum, it should be borno in
mind, is not tho income of the nation out of which
the population are to pay for their subsistence and
their luxuries, but tho profit over and above our ex-
penses as a nation; or, in other words, it is an actual
morease of capital—the produce of labor, machinery,
and commorce—which is to bo annually applied to
the permanent improvement of the country, and to
bo made the instrumentof earning more wealth. So
much then for tho resources of tho country at the
closo of the war, or at tho close of the year 1865. Let
us now cautiously prospect the resources of the fu-
ture, basing our estimates on tho teaohinss of tho
present and the past."
Proceeding thus cautiously and assuming the
decennial increase of wealth to be but one
hundred per cent., or more than one fifth less
than it had been in the previous decade, he
showed that our wealth must in 1870 amount
to $32,318,000,000. Had he based his calcula-
tion on the decennial ratio of the last decade it
would have brought us to over forty thousand
million,^ but, making due allowance for the
waste of the war, it amounted to $32,000,000,000.
All his financial arguments are therefore de-
duced from what he knew to be a false assump-
tion.
I turn to gentlemen from Indiana, Illinois,
Iowa, Missouri, Tennessee, Alabama, and
every coal-bearing State in the Union, and
ask them to look at page 5 of his report, in
which by a falsehood thrown into a parentheti-
cal clause he makes a basis for his elaborate
arguments on pig-iron and lumber.
The increase of the anthracite coal trade, Mr.
Wells shows you with figures liberally given,
lias been about eight per cent, in three years,
while from the bituminous regions of the
est and South, the developement of all
other coal has been from five to seven hundred,
and in some districts a thousand per cent, in
those three years. Yet in a single parenthesis
he buries that magnificent fact bearing upon
the pig-iron and every other iron question, and
upon our lumber forests which were being
hewn down for fuel, but are now guarded by
the consumption of coal. Listen to his artful
statement:
" The recent increase in the production of anthra-
cite coal, which may be taken as a measure of the
product of all coal, is reported as follows."
And then proceeds to give the figures, show-
ing an increase of eight per cent, in 1866, 1867,
and 1868.
Gentlemen fromlowa, has not the coal trade
in those three years become one of the most
important matters of traffic over your railroads;
and have not the smoke and cinders of the wood
consumed in your locomotives disappeared
because your own coal is the fuel used on your
roads ? Gentlemen from southern Indiana, has
the development of your coal-fields been but
eight per cent, in three years ? Gentlemen from
Illinois—and I see before me one in whose dis-
trict I am sure a coal vein had not been struck
in 18G6, and in which I know there are some-
thing like a dozen shafts delivering coal to sur-
rounding districts and making freight for every
railroad traversing the section—has the increase
there been only eight per cent, in three years;
and is the production of anthracite the meas-
ure of the production of all American coal ?
The Commissioner of Revenue knew when he
penned that paragraph that the anthracite coal-
field is found within the limits of a few coun-
ties of Pennsylvania, and that the railroads
and canals for its amplest development had
been constructed before 1866, andtbatthe other
coal-fields are almost coextensive with the
country, and that their development is in its
vigorous but early infancy. But to have fairly
brought to view the marvelous increase in the
production of this cheap fuel which underlies
our prairies and with which our hills are gorged
would have blasted his theories of trade and
finance. Hence it was that he saw fit to bury
in a parenthesis this, perhaps the most import-
ant fact, in the current history of our national
progress.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I do not precisely under-
stand the import of this amendment. If I am
not mistaken, however, it is a proposition to
refuse to pay the salary of an officer of this
Government whose office is created by law.
Mr.KELLEY. Just as we did in the case of
the minister to Portugal.
Mr. ALLISON. Now, I understand the basis
of this opposition to the Special Commissioner
of the Kevenue is that he has made a state-
ment in his report made to this House in pur-
suance of law, which report does not suit the
particular notions of a few gentlemen in this
House. They do not, so far as I have heard,
contradict a single statement of fact in that
report, but only object to the manner in which
the figures in it are arrayed.
Now, Mr. Chairman, for one, I am not here
to refuse to pay the salary of an officer of the
Government because upon a particular branch
of a particular subject he may differ from me
in opinion. Why, according to the theory of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kel-
key] I ougjit to go with him and oppose the
payment of this salary because upon one ques-
tion the Special Commissioner and the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania happen to agree. They
both agree that the warehouse system should
be modified or entirely eradicated by our legis-
lation. The gentleman insists that the propo-
sition of the Special Commissioner contained in
this letter addressed to the House ought to be
sanctioned by the House. Now, I happen to
disagree with the Special Commissioner upon
the feasibility of such legislation, but I agree
with him upon some other matters connected
with the legislation of this country ; and I say
here, without fear of successful contradiction,
that he has done more with reference to the
arraying of statistics for the purpose of fur-
nishing information to the committees of this
House than any other single man in the coun-
try. And why ? Because we have placed him
in an office which makes it his special duty to
investigate and examine this subject, and make
report to the Secretary of the Treasury, to be
transmitted to the House for our information.
Now, he may disagree with the gentleman
from Pennsylvania; and while he has, perhaps,
understated the production of bituminous coal
in this country for the last three or four years,
perhaps the gentleman will concede that he
has overstated the production of pig iron in
the country. I undertake to say that pig iron
is at the bottom of all this opposition here to
this man. It is because he has shown that
under the existing tariff the pig-iron interest
and consequently all other iron interests in the
country have had a constant, permanent, and
successful growth, and it is because he has
not in his report recommended an addition to
the existing tariff upon all the various manu-
factures of iron that he is assailed here, and
it is even proposed to deprive him of his salary
justly earned under existing law.
Mr. CAKE. We do not deprive him of any-
thing already due, because he is to be paid
alread}' till June next.
Mr. ALLLISON. If gentlemen desire to
dispense with this officer of the Government
because it is an unnecessary office that he holds
let them propose to repeal the existing law.
Why, sir, only a few days ago when I proposed
to strike out something from an appropriation
bill I was met by the gentleman froth Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] with the statement that
it was an appropriation in pursuance of law
which the committee were compelled to report
to the House, and that we were in duty bound
until that law was repealed to make provision
for the salary of a particular officer. Now, if
gentlemen are opposed to this Special Commis-
sioner and to the reports that he makes to this
House, and are opposed to the light which he
is throwing upon this great national question
of the tariff, let them suppress the information
and repeal the law which has created the office
and which authorizes him to gather correct and
accurate information, and under his oath of
office transmit it to the House.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. DICKEY. I renew it. The gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Allison] says that we do not
dispute any of the facts that this Commissioner
adduces. Now, that is exactly what we do dis-
pute. It is because of the kind of facts or
allegations which he produces that we do not
propose to pay him. In a table presented by
this gentleman to the two Houses of Congress
1 find that he has asserted the very wise propo-
sition that the average cost of keeping parents
and four children is $17 79 a week, and that
the average cost of keeping parents and six
children is $11 67.
Mr. KELLEY. Will my colleague tell us
what the effect of a seventh child is according
to the Commissioner?
Mr, DICKEY. It costs parents with a sev-
enth child $23 79 a week. The seventh baby
doubles the expense? [Laughter.] Nowtbatis
some of the data upon which we are to base our
revenue laws and arrange our tariff. We are to
pay this gentleman clerk hire for collecting
that kind of information for the assembled wis-
dom of this great nation !
A gentleman suggests that he made a mis-
take of $1,200,000,000 between his report of
1864 and his report of 1868, and the answer to
that is that the report of 1864 was to some
extent prophecy. Well, a man who cannot
prophecy nearer than $1,200,000,000 is a false
prophet, and I am opposed to paying any such
falsa prophets out of the public Treasury.
Mr. MULLINS. If he is a false prophet by
the law he is to be stoned to death. [Laughter. ]
Mr. ROSS. I move that the committee rise.
We arenotprogressingandmay as well adjourn.
The question was put; and the committee
refused to rise—ayes 50, noes 51.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I want to make a few
remarks in reply to the eloquent gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Allison] about the great value
