im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2$,
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to present a_m_e-
taorial, with ari accompanying bill, if it is in
order at this time. The memorial is from the
Agricultural and Mechanical Association of
Leavenworth county, in the State of Kansas,
respectfully memorializing Congress that they
may have a right to purchase a portion of the
Fort Leavenworth military reservation. They
do not* ask for any gift or donation, but that,
upon a price to be determined by trhe Secretary
of War, they may have a right to purchase a
portion of the, reservation ; and to carry out
the prayer of this p.etition I respectfully ask
leave to introduce a joint resolution.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introducea jointresolution (S. No. 234)author-
izing the sale of a portion of the Port Leav-
enworth military reservation to the Kansas
Agricultural. and Mechanical Association of
Leavenworth; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the joint
resolution be printed, and, together with the
memorial, referred to the Committee cm Military
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I have a memoriarfrom
a large number of citizens of Georgetown, Dis-
trict of Columbia, in which'they set forth that
at the time a charter was given to the Oak Hill
Cemetery in this District it was provided in the
charter that no: person not owning three hun-
dred feet square in that cemetery should have
the right to vote. It has occurred latterly that
those lots are Very much divided, and persons
now desire to participate in the government of
that corporation and the management of the
cemetery who are not allowed to do so because
they do not each of them own three hundred
feet square of the ground. I have examined
the memorial and desire to present it, and ask
to have it referred to .the Committee on the
District of Columbia, together with the accom-
panying bill, which I ask may be printed and
referred to the same committee.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 960) to equalize and
define the rights of all persons who own lota in
the Oak Hill Cemetery, District of Columbia ;
which was read twice by its title, referred with
the memorial to the Committee on the District
of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Air. MORRILL, of Vermont, presented two
petitions ot citizens of Vermont, praying for
puch an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States as will fully recognize the obli-
gations of the Christian religion; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CONKLING presented a memorial of
merchants of New York, remonstrating against
the passage of the bill for the relief of Polly
Hunt, which involves the revival of an expired
patent for paper collars: which was referred
to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. BUCKALEW presented l-esolntions of
the Philadelphia Board of Trade, approving of
the passage of the bill to prohibit secret sales
of gold or bonds on account of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of the
Board of Trade of Charleston, South Caro-
lina, prayinj* for such ;jn amendment to the
act of March 28, 1854, as to allow the western
cities therein named to import goods through
any port of entry on the Atlantic or Gulf coasts
and transport them in bond to the place of
destination; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
KEPOKTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. ^ SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Commit tee on Finance to report back a num-
ber of House bills and joint resolutions, most
of them rcmittingcluties on statuary, bells, and
various other articles imported for colleges,
&c. The Committee on Finance direct me to
report back the bill (H. R. No. 327) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to remit
the duty on certain meridian circles, being one
of this series, with an amendment in the nature
of a substitute containing a general provision
remitting duties on philosophical apparatus
and other apparatus imported'by colleges and
public libraries, with a view to dispose of all
applications "of this kind. I wish to say that
this amendment simply revives the tariff act
of 1861, including only philosophical apparatus,
and at an early day, as soon as I can get the
floor, I shall call it up with a view to its pas-
sage. There are quite numerous applications
on the subject. We propose to make a private
bill a general bill to cover all that class of
cases.
• The Committee on Finance were discharged
from the further consideration of the joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 339) authorizing the remis-
sion of the duties on a chime of bells imported
for presentation to the Episcopal church at
Hoosic, Rensselaer county, New York, and the
bill (S. No. 616) to remit the duties on a cer-
tain statue intended to surmount the soldiers'
monument at Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 1204) to confirm certain private
land claims in the State of Missouri, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to report back to
the Senate a copy of eight rules agreed upon
between the Chinese imperial Government and
the ministers of the United States and of other
foreign Powers accredited to that Government,
which have been transmitted by the President
to Congress in pursuance of the requirements
of the sixth section of the act of Juno 22,1860,
with a view to the approbation of Congress, if
there is any occasion for the expression of such
approbation. On examining these rules the
committee have come to the conclusion that
there is no action of Congress necessary on the
subject, and 1 am directed to report them back
and to ash to be discharged from the further
consideration thereof.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. The same committee, to
whom was referred the petition of C. Hansen,
praying that Congress will take the necessary
steps to enforce his rights under a certain
treaty between the kingdoms of Prussia and
Denmark, direct me to report it back and ask
to be discharged from its further consideration.
It relates to a ship-canal to connect the North
sea and the Baltic, in regard to which he alleges
he had a contract.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER, from the same committee,
to whom was referred the memorial of Patter-
son & Murguoiendo, in relation to the claim
of the United States and of the memorialists
to the island of Alta Vela, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. I am directed by the joint
Committee on theLibrary, to whom was referred
the memorial of Matthew B. Brady, asking
Congress to take the necessary steps to procure
the collection of war views and incidents pho-
tographed by him during the rebellion, to
report it back and to ask to be discharged from
the further consideration of the memorial on
the ground that there is not sufficient time to
consider it at this session of Congress, and
without expressing any opinion thereon.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN also, from the same commit-
tee, to whom was referred the letter of the
Secretary of the Interior, communicating, in
answer to a resolution of the Senate of Janu-
ary 18, 1864, a statement of public books and
documents in the custody of the Secretary of
the Interior, which by a joint resolution of
Congress, approved March 3, 1863, were set
apart for distribution, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the National
Academy of Design and of Artists, praying
that the laws in respect to copyright may be
so amended as to include paintings, drawings,
statuary, and models, a^ked to discharged
frqm its further consideration ; which wag
agreed to,
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
The Committee on Foreign Relations have
fyad upder consideration the petition of J. M.
Forbes and others, asking to be indemnified
for losses incurred by the detention of the ship
Meteor and by legal proceedings had against
the same, and instructed me to report back the
bill (S. No. 71) to further define and amend
an act for the punishment of crimes against
the United States, and to ask to be discharged
from the further consideration of the papers,
but desire that the papers may be recommitted
to the committee for further consideration at
the next Congress, as the subject is a very
grave one and needs further consideration.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 950) to repeal the second section of the act
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June. SO, 1868, and
for other purposes, approved March 2, 1867,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. ,960) relating
to freedmen's hospitals, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Committee
on Appropriations, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 1803) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year end-
ing June 30, 1870', and for other purposes, have
instructed me to report it back with amend-
ments, and I wish to give notice that I shall
hope to-morrow to call it up.
Mr. RICE. I ask unanimous consent of
the Senate to take up for consideration House
bill No. 1275.
Mr. STEWART. I object.
Mr. SPRAGUE, from the Committee or*
Military Affairs, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 288) amendatory
of joint resolution for the relief of certain
officers of the Army, approved July 26, 1866,
submitted an adverse report thereon ; which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1879) for the
relief of certain companies of scouts and
guides organized in Alabama, reported it with
an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1280) for the
relief of Leonidas Smith, late of the twenty-
second Indiana volunteer infantry, reported it
with an amendment, and snbmitted a report
thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1877) for the
relief of the heirs and legal representatives of
Charles C. Cook, deceased, reported it with
an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill {H. R. No. 1878) for the
relief of* George W. Short, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1871) for the
relief of David Braden, submitted an adverse
report thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1873) for the
relief of Jefferson W. Davis, submitted an
adverse report thereon; which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the bill (H. R. No. 1876) for the
relief of Samuel H. Moore; the bill (H. R.
No. 1838) for the relief of William F. Scott,
late adjutant fourth Iowa cavalry yolunteers;
the bill (H. R. No. 1870) for the relief of Second
Lieutenant Jam esUiio, sixteenth United States
infantry, and the bill (H. R. No. 1869) for the
relief of George C. Haynic, submitted adverse
reports thereon; which were ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MORTON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 1741) granting an increase of pension
