304
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 25,
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
hereby given ill case the free navigation of said
river shall at any time be substantially and
materially obstructed by any bridge to be erected
under the authority of said resolution.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
B. F. WADE,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
Indorsed by the President: " Received Feb-
ruary 8, 1869."
[Note by the Department of State.—The
foregoing act having been presented to the
Presidentof the United States for his approval,
and not having been returned by him to the
House of Congress in which it originated within
the time prescribed by the Constitution of the
Uuited Slates, has become a law without his
approval. ]
Chap. XLII.—An Act to establish the Collec-
tion District of Aroostook, in the State of
Maine, and to more accurately define the
Boundaries of the District of Newark, New
Jersey.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Hovse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That that portion of the
State of Maine now included within the limits
of the county of Aroostook be, and the same
is hereby, constituted a customs collection dis-
trict, to be called the district of Aroostook, of
which Houlton, in the said county, shall be the
only port of entry.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That a
collector of customs shall be appointed for the
said district, who shall reside at said port of
entry, and shall be entitled to the same com-
pensation that is allowed to other collectors of
customs on the northern, northeastern, and
northwestern frontiers of the United States by
the second section of the act approved June
seventeenth, eighteen hundred and sixty four:
Provided, That the aggregate maximum com-
pensation of the collector of Aroostook shall
not exceed fifteen hundred dollars, and which
shall be the entire compensation allowed.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That the
districtof Newark, in the State of New Jersey,
shall be extended so as to embrace all the
waters and shores of Newark bay and the rivers
and bays tributary thereto, the northern shore
of the strait or passage known as Kill Van
Kull, and all that part of the western shore of
the strait or passage known as Staten Island
sound, or Arthur Kill, which lies north of the
nonhern boundary line of the town of Railway.
Approved, February 22, 1869.
Chap. XLIIL—An Act to provide for a Term
of the Circuit and District Courts of the
United States for the District of Vermont.
Be it enacted by the Senateand Hovse of Rep
resentatives tf the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That a regular term of the
circuit and district courts of the United States
for the district of Vermont shall hereafter be
held at Burlington, in said district, on the fourth
Tuesday in February in each year: Provided,
however, That this act shall not be construed
to authorize any expenditure for the use of a
buiiding for such courts.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, Thatper-
mission is hereby given to the authorities of the
State of Vermont to erect and maintain at their
own expense a court-house, and also a jail upon
or partly upon the southerly side of the lot of
land belonging to the United States, in said
Burlington, on which the custom-house build-
ing stands : Provided, That no part of said lot
shall be built upon or used for said purpose
within fifty feet of said custom house: And
provided further, ihat said State authorities
shall permit the courts of the United States to
be held in said court-house without, charge for
the use thereof, and shall permit prisoners held
under the authority of the United States to be
imprisoned in such jail. And for the purposes
aforesaid jurisdiction is hereby ceded to the
State of Vermont over the land so to be used
and occupied.
Approved, February 22, 1869.
Chap. XLY.—An Act regulating the Duties on
imported Copper and Copper Ores.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That from and after the
passage of this act, in lieu of the duties here-
tofore imposed by law on the articles herein-
after mentioned, thereshallbelevied, collected,
and paid on the articles herein enumerated and
provided for, imported from foreign countries,
the following specified duties and rates of duty,
that is to say: on all copper imported in the
form of ores, three cents on each pound of fine
copper contained therein; on all regulus of
copper, and on all black or coarse copper, four
cents on each pound of fine copper contained
therein ; on all old copper, fit only for remanu-
facture, four cents per pound; on all copper
in plates, bars, ingots, pigs, and in other forms
not manufactured or herein enumerated, includ-
ing sulphate of copper or blue vitriol, five cents
per pound ; on copper in rolled plates called
braziers' copper, sheets, rods, pipes, and cop-
per bottoms, eyelets, and all manufactures of
copper, or of which copper shall be a com-
ponent of chief value, not otherwise herein
provided for, forty-five per centum ad valorem :
Provided, That the increased duty imposed by
this act shall not apply to any of the articles
therein enumerated which shall have been in
course of transit to the United States, and
actually on shipboard on the nineteenth of
January, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
B. F. WADE,
President of tne Senate pro tempore.
In the House of Representatives, U. S.,
February 2-3, 1869.
The President of the United States, having
returned to the House of Representatives, in
which it originated, the bill entitled ■' An act
regulating the duties on imported copper and
copper ores," with his objections thereto, the
House of Representatives proceeded, in pur-
suance of the Constitution, to reconsider the
same; and
Resolved, That the bill do pass, two thirds
of the House of Repiesentatives agreeing to
pass the same.
Attest: ED WD. McPHERSON,
Clerk H. It. U. S.
In Sexate of the Uxited States,
February 24, 1869.
The Senate having proceeded, in pursuance
of the Constitution, to reconsider the bill enti-
tled "An act regulating the duties on imported
copper and copperores," returned tothe House
of Representati?%s by the President of the Uni-
ted States, with his objections, and sent by the
House of Representatives to the Senate, with
the message of the President returning the bill:
Resolved, That the bill do pass, two thirds
of the Senate agreeing to pass the same.
Attest: GEO. C. GORHAM,
Secretary of the Senate, U. S.
Chap. XLVI.—An Act making Appropriations
(in part) for the Expenses of the Indian De-
partment, and for fulfilling Treaty Stipula-
tions.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sum
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the purpose hereinafter
: express-d :
' For :he relief of the Yancton Sioux tribe of
, Indians, in Dakota Territory, in fulfil ting treaty
1 stipulations where the money has been misap-
| propriafed, to be expended under the direction
1 ot the Governor and acting superintendent of
1 Indian affairs of Dakota Territory, and to be
considered as an offset against any claim these
Indians may have against the Government for
services during the late war, ten thousand
dollars.
Approved, February 25, 1869.
■ Chap. XLV1I.—An Actlo amend an Act enti-
tled "An Act to confirm certain Private Land
Claims in the Territory of New Mexico."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the exterior lines of
the Cornelio Vigil and Cram St. Vrain claims
of eleven leagues each, subject to claims de-
rived from said parties as confirmed by the act
of Congress approved twenty-first June, eight
een hundred and sixty, United States Statutes,
volume twelve, page seventy-one, shall be ad-
justed according to the lines of the public sur-
veys, as nearly as practicable with the limits
of said claims, yet in as compact a form m
possible; and the claims of all actual settlers
upon the tracts heretofore claimed by the said
Vigil and St. Vrain, holding possession under
titles or promises to settle, which have been
made by said Vigil and St. Vrain or their legal
representatives prior to the passage of this act,
who may establish their claims within oneyear
from the passage of this act to the satisfaction
of the register and receiver of the proper land
district, shall in like manner be adjusted ac-
cording to the subdivisional lines ot purvey, so
as to include the lands so settled upon or pu>-
chased, and the areas of the same sliali be
deducted and excluded from the adjusted limi s
ofthe claims of said Vigil and St. Vrain respect-
ively ; and the claims of all other actual set-
tlers falling within the limits of the located
claims of Vigil and St. Vrain shall be adjusted
to the extent which shall embrace their several
settlements upon their several claims being
established either as preemption or homesteads
according to law; and for the aggregate of the
areas ofthe latter class of claims the said Vigil
and St. Vrain or their legal representatives
shall be entitled to locate a like quantity of
public lands, not mineral, accordingto the lines
of the public surveys, and not to exceed one
hundred and sixty acres in one section.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the General Land Office to
cause the lines of the public surveys to be rnn
in the regions where a proper location would
place the said Vigil and St. Vrain claims, and
that the expense ofthe same shall be paid out
of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated ; yet, before the confirmation of
the said act of June twenty-first, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty, shall become legally effective,
the said Vigil and St. Viain, or their legal rep-
resentatives, shall pay the cost of so much of
said surveys as inures to their benefit respect-
ively, and thatall settlers ofthe said third class,
I whose claims may be adjusted as valid, shall
have the right to enter their improvements by
a strict compliance with the preemption or
homestead laws.
Seg. 3. And be it further enacted, That upon
the adjustment of the Vigil and St. Vrain
claims according to the provisions of this act
it shall be the duty of the surveyor general of
the district to furnish proper approved plats to
said claimants, or their legal representatives,
and so in like manner to said derivative claim-
ants, which shall be evidence of title, the same
to be done according to such instructions as
may be given by the Commissioner of the
General Land OHice.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That im-
mediately upon running the lines as provided
