1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SOS
Laws of the United States.
40th Cong..;.3b
in section second of this act the surveyor gen-
eral of said district shall notify the said Vigil
and St. Vrain, or their agents or legal repre-
sentatives, of the fact of gueh survey being
made, and said claimants shall, within three
months after notice of such survey, select and
locate tbeir said claims in accordance with
such survey and the provisions of this act and
of the act to which this is amendatory, so far
as the same is not changed by this act,, and
shall wiihm said time furnish the surveyor
general with the description of such location,
specifying the lines of the same. And the
party failing to make such selection and loca-
tion, in such manner and within such time, shall
be deemed and held to have abandoned their
claim, and their rights and equities under this
act, and the act to which this is amendatory,
shall cease and terminate.
Sec. 5, And be it further enacted, That in
case of the neglect or refusal of the sai'd Vigil
and St. Vrain, or either of them, to accept of
the provisions of this act, and the act to which
this is amendatory, and to locate their said
claims, as provided therein, no suit shall be
brought or proceedings instituted in any of the
courts of the United States, by such party or
by any one claiming through or under them,
to establish or enforce said claims, or for any
cause of action founded upon the same, after
six months from the passage of this act.
Approved, February 25, 1869.
Chap. XLA III,-—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the Naval Service for the year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House ofBep-
resentatives of the United States of America in.
Congress assembled. That the following sums
be. and they are hereby, appropriated, to be
paid out ofany money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, for the year ending
the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
seventy:
For pay of commission, warrant, and petty
officers and seamen, seven millions of dollars.
bureau of yards and docks.
For contingent expenses that may accrue for
the following purposes, viz :
For freight and transportation : for printing,
advertising, and stationery ; for books, models,
and drawings: for the purchase and-repair of
fire engines ; for machinery of every descrip-
tion ; for purchase and maintenance of oxen
and horses, and driving teams; for carts, tim-
ber wheels, and workmen's tools; for tele-
grams and postage of letters on public ser-
vice; for furniture for Government offices and
houses; for candies, oil, and gas; for clean-
ing and clearing up yards ; for flags, awnings,
and packing-boxes ; for rent of landings ; for
tolls and ferriages : for water-tax, and for rent
of stores, eight hundred thousand dollars.
Xavy- Yard at Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
For the necessary repairs of all kinds, fifty
thousand dollars.
Navy- Yard at Boston.
For repairs of buildings, and repairs of all
kinds,, one hundred thousand dollars.
Navy- Yard at New York.
For repairs of all kinds, one hundred thou-
sand dollars.
Navy- Yard at Philadelphia.
For repairs of all kinds, twenty-five thou-
sand dollars.
Navy- Yard at Washington.
For repairs of all kinds, fifty thousand dol-
lars.
Navy- Yard at Norfolk.
For preservation of the yard and the neces-
sary repairs of all kinds, thirty thousand dol-
lars.
40tii Coxg. 3d Sess.—No. 20.
Navy- Yard at Pensacola.
For preservation of the yard and the neces-
sary repairs of all kinds, thirty thousand dol-
lars. -
Navy-Yard at "Mare Island.
For repairs of all kinds, sixty tKousand dol-
lars.
Naval Station at Saclcett's Harbor.
For repairs and the general care of the'pub-
lic property, one thousand dollars. '
Naval Station at Mound City, Illinois..
For necessary repairs of all kinds, five thou-
sand dollars.
Naval Asylum at Philadelphia. .
For furniture and repairs of same, one thou-
sand dollars.
For house-cleaning and whitewashing, eight
hundred dollars..
For furnaces, grates, and ranges, sis hun-
dred dollars.
For gas and water rent, one thousand two
hundred dollars. . .
For general improvement and repairs, five
thousand dollars.'
For cemetery, five hundred dollars.
For support of beneficiaries, fifty-four thou-
sand dollars: Provided, That this appropria-
tion and all amounts hereafter appropriated
for tliesupporfc of the Naval Asylum at Phil-
adelphia, the beneficiaries therein, the pay of
officers, repairs, contingent and other expenses,
shall be charged to and paid from the income
of the naval pension fund.
For pay of superintendents and the civil
establishment at the several navy-yards and
stations .under the control .of the Bureau of
Yards and Docks, and at the Navy Asylum,
.fifty thousand dollars.
bureau of equipment and recruiting.
_ For the purchase of hemp and other mate-
rial for the Navy; for the purchase of coal
and the transportation and other expenses
thereon ; for the purchase of various articles
of equipment, viz: wire rope and machinery
for its manufacture, hides, cordage, canvas,
leather, iron cables and anchors, furniture,
galleys, and hose, and for the payment of labor
for equipping vessels, and manufacture of arti-
cles in the navy-yardspertainingto this bureau,
eight hundred thousand dollars.
For expenses that may accrue for the fol-
lowing purposes, viz:
For freight and transportation of materials
and stores for Bureau of Equipment and Re-.
cruiting, expenses of recruiting, transportation
of enlisted men, printing, postage, advertising,
telegraphing, and stationery for the> bureau,
apprehension of deserters, assistance to ves-
sels in distress, two hundred thousand dollars.
For the pay of superintendents and the civil
establishment at the several navy-yards under
this bureau, eighteen thousand dollars.
bureau of navigation.
Fornavigation apparatusandsupplies, and
for purposes incidental to navigation,
viz:
Forpay of the civil establishment under this
bureau at the several navy-yards, twelve thou-
sand dollars.
For local and foreign pilotage and towage
for vessels of war, fifty thousand dollars.
• For text-books, stationery, instruments, and
furniture used in instructing naval apprentices,
one thousand five hundred dollars.
For services and materials for correcting
compasses on board of vessels, and for testing
compasses on shore, three thousand dollars.
For nautical and astronomical instruments,
for nautical books, maps, and charts, and sail-
ing directions, and for repairs of nautical
instruments for vessels of war, ten thousand
dollars.
For books for libraries of ships of war, three
thousand dollars.
_ For Navy signals andapparatus, other than
signal flags, namely, signal lanterns, lights,
rockets, and- apparatus of all kinds for signal
purposes, for drawings and engravings for signal
books, six thousand dollars.
For compass fittings, including binnacles,
pedestals, and other appuVtenances of ships'
compasses, to be made in the yards, three
thousand dollars.
For_appliances for measuring ships' way and
sounding, as logs, log lines, log reels, log paper,
and sand glasses, for leads, lead reels, lead
ImeSj armings for leads, and other sounding
apparatus, and for running lights, (side and
head lanterns prescribed by law,) three thou-
sand dollars.
For lamps and lanterns of all kinda for bin-
nacles, standard compasses, and tops, for lamps
for cabins, ward-room, and other quarters for
officers, and for decks, holds, and store-jrooms,
ftnd for lamp-wicks, chimneys, shades, and
other appendages, six thousand dollars.
For bunting and other material for flags, and
for making and repairing flags of all kinds- for
the Navy, three thousand dollars.
For oil for vessels of war, candles, chimneys,
wick, and soap, other than for engineer depart-
ment., forty thousand dollars.
For commanders' and navigators' stationery
for vessels of war,.five thousand dollars.
For musical instruments and music of flag-
ships for vessels of war, one thousand dollars.
For freight and transportation of navigation
materials, instruments, books, and stores, post-
age_ on public letters, telegraphing on public
business, advertising for proposals, packing-
boxes and material, blank-books, forms, and
stationery at navigation offices, eight thousand
dollars.
For preparing and publishing maps, charts,
nautical books, and other hydrogVaphic inform-
ation', twenty thousand dollars.
For expenses of Naval Academy, viz;
For pay of professors and others, sixty thou-
sand dollars. ' '
Forpay of watchmen and others, forty-five
thousand two hundred and ninety-four dollars.
For contingent expenses, sixty-JDne thousand
four hundred and fifty dollars.
For necessary repairs of quarters, eight
thousand six hundred and eighty dollars.
Forsupport of departmentof steam enginery,
and for pay of mechanics and laborers, five
thousand dollars. '
For expenses of Naval Observatory, viz:
For wages of one instrument-maker, one
messenger, one porter, and three watchmen ;
for keeping grounds in order and repairs to
buildings and inclosures; for fuel, light, and.
office furniture, and for stationery, chemicals
for batteries, postage and freight, and contin-
gent, thirteen thousand five hundred dollars.
For salary of clerk, one tho.usand five hun-
dred dollars.
"For salary of three aids, four thousand dol-.
lars.
For preparing for publication the American
Nautical Almanac, namely: forpay of com-
puters and clerk, twenty thousand five hundred
dollars.
For observation" of the eclipse of the sun in
August, under the direction of the superintend-
ent of the Nautical Almanac, five thousand dol-
lars, or so much thereof as may be necessary.
For office expenses, one thousand dollars.
For erecting suitable frame building and
mounting transit circle in it, five thousand
dollars.
For payment of expenses of Visitors to the
Naval Academy, two thousand dollars.
For deepening the entrance to the harbor of
Midway Islands, in the Pacific ocean, so as to
afford a safe rendezvous and port of refuge
and resort for the naval and merchant vessels
of the United States, fifty ihousand dollars, or
so muoh thereof as - may be necessary, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Navy, if, in his judgment, after a pre-
