530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
form, tbe estimates submitted, on the 14th instant,
"by Jesse L, Willuims, esq. lie states that the cost
of the road, as shown on tho books of the railroad
company, is. of course, equivalent to the contract
puce per mile. Tbe actual cost to the contractors
forming an association, which embraces most of the
larger stockholders of the company, i3 shown only
by their private books, to which the Government
directors have no access. Tho calculations "were,
therefore, made from the most accurate available
data, and the estimated cost of the first seven bun-
dled and ten miles of the road was taken as the basis
for computing that, of the whole line. Should the
ro.id, as is expected by the company, form a junction
with that of the California company, near the north-
ern extreme of Great Salt Lake, a lit tic'west of Mon-
ument Point, its length, would be about eleven hun-
dred and ten miles. The cost of locating, constructing,
and completely equipping it and the telegraph line
is S38.821.821, an average per mile of $34,977 32.
" Tiie Government subsidy in bonds for that dis-
tance at par amounts to 829,504,090. an average per
mile of $26,580. The company's fiist mortgage bonds
are estimated at ninety-two per cent., and would
yield $27,143,680. The fund realized by the company
from these two sources amounts to $50,647,680, being:
an average permile of Sol.034, exceeding by $16,056 68
the actual cost of constructing and fully equip-
ping the road, and yielding a profit of more than
$17,750,000."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I put the question directly
to this House whether this is not a most ex-
traordinary statementof thetnanagementof the
affairs of this road, in which the money of the
people is so deeply involved ? It is to be borne
in mind that this is no personal or partisan alle-
gation, nojdle newspaper charge, no imputation
resting upon mere common rumor ; but that it
isasober, serious statement, upon reliable data,
iti a public official State document, by one of
the great Departments of the Government, and
which remains to-day unchallenged and uncon-
tradicted by any of the " high contracting par-
ties " alleged to be connected with the trans-
action. There are one or two features of this
statement calculated to challenge an attention
at once intense and painful. The very worst
feature of ail is the fact that " most of the
largest stockholders of the company" should
have combined with each other to "form an
association," thus creating an adverse interest,
as "contractors," to the interests of the cor-
poration, for the purpose of building a road in
which the Government had invested the sum
of nearly thirty million dollars as guarantor
of that same corporation ; a situation so deli-
cate and so full of temptation to prey upon
and fraudulently deal with such an immense
outside capital that no honest man or men
would desire to occupy.
I should like to see a list of those contract-
ing stockholders. I think it would open the
people's eyes. Sir, it is a specimen of the
"confidence game" in which we might well
sillinn (hat its turpitude is almost lost in its
magnitude. If we could look in upon all its
secret springs and hidden movements what an
interesting and spectacular drama might it not
present! But it is to us and to the people a
terra incognita. -Railroad embankments, ex-
cavations, bridges, and underground masonry
are capital inventions to hide away illgotten
treasure with no danger of its discovery or
exposure unless through the instrumentality
ot honest and disinterested science in a full
and accurate measurement of the entire work
from one end of the line to the other. One
of the Government directors, Mr. Williams, in
a letter of November 14, 1868, says that the
actual cost of the road to the contracting com-
pany is shown only by their private books,
of which the Government directors have no
knowledge. He knows what the cost of the
road is to the corporation, and consequently to
the Government, by the terms of the contract;
but all else growing out of this credit mobilier
arrangement "shadows and darkness" rest
upon it.
But, sir, I shall give these stockholding con-
tractors, these happy recipients of the proceeds
of Government bonds by millions, credit for a
mistake which the Secretary of the Interior
has evidently made in the elements of his state-
ment, that a profit in the sum of $13,750,000
was or will be made in the full construction of
the road. He has unquestionably failed to
d duct two items from that amount, t,o wit:
the amount it will require to compensate for
the deficiencies of construction for the first
eight hundred and ninety miles as stated by
the commissioners, in the sum of $6,489,550,
and the same ratio of deficiency in the residue
of the unfinished line, terminating at the head
of the Great Salt Lake, near Monument Point,
in the further sum of $1,020,000, making the
total sum to be deducted $8,100,550. This
sum deducted from $17,750,000 leaves the
sum df $9,840,450. This is the true result of
the data as furnished by the commissioners,
taken in connection with the facts furnished
by Mr. Williams. • And in its reduced propor-
tions is it not wonderful enough? A "profit"
of $9,840,450! Who realized it? Was it the
stockholders generally, said not to number
over forty individuals, or was it the stock-
holding contractors in particular?
Sir, i:. it not strange that none of these stock-
holders or contractors have either admitted or
denied this most remarkable statement made
iu an official document issued by one of the
great Departments of the Government? And
yet, as to this immense sum thus found in the
hands of these disinterested patriots, it is to be
borne in mind that not one dollar of it comes
from the millions of acres of lands granted by
the Government to this all-grasping monopoly.
That great subsidy yet remains intact and un-
touched, and will hereafter add millions of dol-
lars more to this "profit" fund, when they
shall be sold by the company to the people, the
original and rightful owners. Sir, it is indeed
time that the people should ponder well and
seriously upon these most extraordinary trans-
actions.
The people will have some idea of the vast
resources placed in the hands of a few favored
individuals when they are informed that over
fifty-one million dollars of the bonds of the
Government have already been issued to a
single line of road and its tributaries and con-
necting branches. The Union Pacific railroad
is connected with, and therefore will control,
the following other roads, to wit: Central
Pacific, of California ; Union Pacific, eastern
division; Sioux City and Pacific; Western
Pacific; Atchison and Pike's Peak; and Cen-
tral Branch, Union Pacific. The last annual
report of the Secretary of the Interior shows
the following amounts of Government bonds
issued to these several lines, which, with the
$7,000,000 issued last month and since that
report was made, make the aggregate sum
over fifty-one million dollars, as before stated :
Union Pacific, 800 miles $20,238,000
Cential Pacific, of California, 300 miles.... 14,761.000
Union Pacific, eastern division, 394 miles.. 6.303.000
Sioux Uitv and Pacific, 69! miles  1,112.000
Western Pacific, 20 miles  320,000
Atchison and Pike's Peak, J* 100 1... 640,000
Central Branch. Union Pacific, (.miles,/ ... 900,000
1,793 miles $44,337,000
Mr. Speaker, the sensitive and delicate mod-
esty of these corporations should elicit our
highest admiration. They are perfect models
of retiring diffidence. They are seekers after
the public good under difficulties which
nothing less than the bravest spirit of the
highest philanthropy could overcome. While
they are extorting from the Government, as
well as from private individuals, the most
exorbitant rates of charge for freights, and
even for the transportation of troops to form a
protecting guard against provoked depreda-
tions of the Indians on their own property,
they do not hesitate to come here with an array
of lobby solicitors to demand of Congress the
grant of still further millions of acres of lands
and bonds in untold amount to aid them in
building up the very monopoly which enables
them to impose such imperious terms. Their
rates of passenger fare and freight exceed
those of the Atlantic and Mississippi valley
roads more than two hundred and fifty per
cent..
By a statement in a pamphlet publication of
the eastern division of the Union Pacific rail-
road, issued a few months ago by themselves,
it appears that the amount received by that
road from the Government, for freight and
transportation of troops for the year ending
December 31,1867, was thesumof$511,908 24.
A letter from General D. H. Rucker, acting
quartermaster general of the United States
Army, to William H. Palmer, esq., treasurer
of the Union Pacific railroad, eastern division,
dated Washington, June 6, 1868, shows that
the rate of charge on this business was ten
and ninety-nine hundredths cents per ton per
mile. This is also the rate of charge on the
Union Pacific railroad proper, and, as I sup-
pose, on all its several branches. The rate for
passenger fare is ten cents per mile, one hun-
dred per cent, higher than the rate under the
old mail-coach system.
Now, Mr. Speaker,, by referring to the official
railroad reports of the several Atlantic States,
made by the requirements of State legislation,
it will be found that the average rate of charge
for the same kind of freight over lines of much
shorter transit than those of the Pacific is a
large fraction less than three cents per ton per
mile. It is thus that the Government, by a
process of the most unwise legislation in the
grant of corporate power, as well as of its lands
and credit, has been made a party in the erec-
tion of a great and overshadowing monopoly,
which will not only regulate to suit its own
selfish purposes the overland trade between
the two oceans, but will dictate and control the
politics of all the States and Territories lying
along its line. Is this tact or is it fiction?
Why, what a scene did we have presented here
on this floor only the other day 1 The chairman
of the Committee of Elections [Mr. Dawks]
solemnly proposing to have a Delegate from
the Territory of Wyoming sworn in, who was
originally from my own State, and who is or
has been connected with the Pacific company,
elected or selected by a mass meeting largely
made up of the employes of the road, and
whose only credentials consisted of a certificate
of three of the members of the meeting, and the
meeting itself held before Wyoming was organ-
ized as a Territory! This is only a "specimen
brick" of what we may expect in the future.
They intend to rule not only the business hut
the politics of the people, and will exert their
inlluence not only at the ballot-box, but in the
legislative halls of the country.
Mr. DAWES. I would likerto ask the gen-
tleman upon what ground he makes the state-
ment that this Delegate from Wyoming was
selected by a mass meeting?
Mr. VAN THUMP. I derive my informa-
tion fro in a gentleman coming from that region.
I do not assert the fact on my own authority.
Mr. DAWES. The Committee of Elections
are desirous of getting all the information they
can upon this question; and if the gentleman
has any information to the effect he has stated
he will oblige the committee by communicat-
ing it to them.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I will, if the chairman
of the committe desires it, refer him to the
gentleman who communicated the matter to
ine, who will doubtless give the committee the
benefit of the information. Most of the facts
which ! have stated in my place to-day were
stated by gentlemen on the floor when the gen-
tleman made his report.
Mr. DAWES. We shall be much obliged
for any such information.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Sir, while I would be
the last one to decry the importance and ben-
efits of railway communication in developing
the great and yet dormant resources of our
country, I am not unmindful of the fact that
even our choicest blessings may be turned into
tormenting curses if misused or distorted from
their natural and legitimate purposes. This
great existing railroad sj'stem for power and
influence may be said to constitute already the
third estate in this Government. With forty
thousand miles of running railway communi-
cation, fully equipped and based upon a capital
of $1,700,000,000, we can at once appreciate
the tremendous power for good or for evil
which lies concentrated in that mighty invest
ment. It is" the business of legislation to see
that the rights and interests of the people shall
