1482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
over. They are matters in which neither I
nor my constituents have any interest; but I
think they ought to be considered. If there is
1 any dispute about any of them I shall eonsent
to lay them aside. I move first to take up
Senate bill No. 968.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not object to taking
up these bills; but I wish to-state'that if we
intend to have the debates of Congress pub-
lished the arrangements must be made very
eoon indeed. It ought to be done to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. That matter will lead to
■debate; this will not.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope I shall be allowed
to call up the resolution on that subject as
soon as this business is disposed of.
The PRESIDENT^?ro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to; and the Kill (S.
No. 968) authorizing certain banks named
therein to change their names was read the
second time and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to authorize the
name of the "City National Bank of New
Orleans" to be changed to the "Germania
National Bank of New Orleans" whenever the
board of directors of the bank shall accept the
new name by resolution of the board, and cause
a copy of such resolution, duly authenticated,
to be filed with the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency ; such acceptance to be made within six
months after the passage of the act; and to
authorize the "Second National Bank of
Plattsburg" to change its name to the "Vilas
National Bank of Plattsburg" on the same
conditions.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
frederick schley.
Mr. SHERMAN.^ I move now to take up
House joint resolution No. 407.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 407) for the relief of Fred-
erick Schley was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. By its provisions the accounting
■officers of the Treasury Department are author-
ized to allow and credit Frederick Schley, late
collector of internal revenue ia the fourth dis-
trict of the State of Maryland, such amount of
uncollected taxes as he may, by satisfactory
proof, show to have been uncollected by reason
ol the destruction of his tax lists and accounts
by rebel forces during the recent rebellion.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to a third'reading, read the third
time, and passed.
submarine telegraph cable.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
now proceed to consider Senate joint resolution
No. 228; and I will state that if any Senator
objects to any of these measures I will agree
to lay them aside. They are matters that have
been carefully examined by the Committee on
Finance.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (S. JR. No. 228) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to admit free of duty
certain submarine telegraph cable, was read
the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to deliver to the
Western Union Telegraph Company the sub-
marine telegraph cable made to form a part
of the overland telegraph line to unite the
United States with JRussia and Great Britain,
intended to be laid in the Behring sea, with-
0llrt j-be. payment of customs duty thereon.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
reports of national banks.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move now to take up for
consideration House bill No. 1881 ,in regard to
the reports of national banking associations.
Ihe motion was agreed to; and the bill (II.
R. No. 1881) regulating the reports of national
banking associations was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The Committee on Finance proposed an
amendment proposing to strike out all of the
bill after the enacting clause, and in lieu thereof
to insert:
That in lieu of all reports required by section thirty-
four of the national currency act every association
shall make to the Comptroller of the Currency not
less than five reports during each and every year,
according to the form which may be prescribed: by
him,' verified by the oath or affirmation of the presi-
dent or cashier of such association, and attested by
tbe signature of at least three of the directors; which
report shall exhibit, in detail and under appropriate
heads, the resources and liabilities of the association
at the close of business on. any past day to be by him
specified, and shall transmit suoh report to the Comp-
troller within five days after the receipt of a request
or requisition therefor from him; and the report of
each association, in tlie same form in which itismade
to the Comptroller, shall be published in a newspaper
published in theplacewheresuch,association is estab-
lished, or if there be no newspaper in the place, then
in the one published nearest thereto in the same
county, at the expense of the association; and such
proof of publication shall be furnished as may be
required by the Comptroller. And the Comptroller
shall have power to call for special reports from any
particular association whenever, in his judgment, the
same shall be necessary in order to a full and com-
plete knowledge of its condition. Any association
failingto make and transmit any such report shall
be subject to a penalty of $100 each day after five
days that such bank shall delay to make and trans-
mit any report as aforesaid; and in case any associ-
ation shall delay or refuse to pay the penalty herein
imposed when the same shall be assessed by the
Comptroller of the Currency the amount of such
penalty may bo retained by the Treasurer of the
United States, upon the order of the Comptroller
of the Currency, out of the interest, as it may become
duo to the association, on the bond depossited with
him to secure circulation; and all sums of money
collected for penalties under this section shall be paid
into the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. GRIMES. If I understand it, this
amendment proposed by the Committee on
Finance dispenses with the regular quarterly
reports that are now required by law to be made
by the banks, and authorizes the Comptroller
of the Currency to call upon the banks to make
five reports a year, at any time he chooses.
The result of that will be that although we
may to-day have the most honest Comptroller
in the world, yet he will be found after awhile
under the influence of some particular banks
who will know when their reports are going to
be called for, whereas other banks will not
have that opportunity.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me state to the Sen-
ator the precise effect of this amendment. It
is very simple in its character. The present
law requires four quarterly statements to be
made, giving certain facts. They are required
to be made at periodical times, and the banks
are generally doctored up or prepared for these
reports, so that now a contraction occurs just
before the reports are made, and after that an
expansion, creating a palpable and visible
fluctuation of the currency at these times. This
amendment requires five reports during the
year, and authorizes the Comptroller to call for
them at a day past, so that they will not be
prepared to doctor up their reports. After full
examination we came to the conclusion that it
was a wise provision.
Mr. GRIMES. _ The only trouble I have with
that is that in a little while, through something
that will leak out from the bureau to particular
banks, certain banlts will know when they have
got to make their reports, and those banks will
be doctored up, while other persons who con-
trol other banks will not have that information.
I move to amend the amendment by striking
out the words "in lieu of all," in the first
line, and inserting "in addition to other" so
as to read : "that in addition to other reports
required by section thirty-four," &c. Let us
have the quarterly reports and the monthly
reports, and then if the Comptroller of the
Currency thinks there is any necessity for him
to require the banks to make reports at any
other time, let him have the power to do so.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is too much. It
seems to me that would be unreasonable. We
ought to deal with these banks in a fair way,
and I think it would be unreasonable to com-
pel them to make monthly reports and quar-
terly reports and then five reports besides. It
seems to me it is unnecessary If you require
them to make five reports under the provisions
of this bill, unless you have a man as Comp-
troller of the Currency who is corrupt, there
will be no trouble. If you have a man who is
corrupt in the office, as a matter of course
none of these guards will be of any account.
Mr. GRIMES. The safe way, I think, is to
make your laws with the understanding that a
man may possibly, under some circumstances,
become corrupt; at any rate, that he will be
under the influence of some of these large
banking institutions, and through some agency
in his department those banks will find out
when they will be called upon to report. Your
banks with ten or fifteen millions capital can
afford to have a man in their employment
about the Comptroller's office here in Wash-
ington to give them the information when their
reports will be called for, buf small banks in
distant parts of the country will not be able to
obtain that information.
_Mr. CATTELL. The Senator from Iowa
will allow me to say that the provision of this
bill requires that the reports shall be called upou
for a day past, and consequently they cannot
very well have the notification. It is for a day
passed after the thing shall have occurred.
Mr. GRIMES. It will be just as easy to
have the notification as for a day future. They
are informed perhaps a month in advance that
at a certain day they will be called upon to
give a statement of what was the condition of
their banks at an intermediate time between
the time they obtain the information and the
time when the report is to be made.
Mr. CATTELL. As the law now stands
they are all advised of it.
Mr. GRIMES. It may be very dishonest,
but I think such transactions have already taken
place in the administration of the Treasury
Department.
Mr. CATTELL. The provisions of this law
and of the amendment are simply these: the
law now requires four quarterly statements
from the banks to be made up at——
Mr. TRUMBULL. If this bill is to bo dis-
cussed I must insist on taking up the order of
the day.
_ Mr. CATTELL. I hope the Senator will
give us five minutes. I shall not occupy that
length of time.
national junction railway company.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday is before the Senate, being
the bill (S. No. 609) to incorporate the National
Junction Railway Company.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe there was an
order made that after one o' clock to-day should
be devoted to the business of the Judiciary
Committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There was
a special order to that effect.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was not a special
order, but it was an order that to-day after
one o'clock should be devoted to business
from the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HARLAN. This bill has been read
through, and all the amendments have been
agreed to, and it will not require two minutes,
I think, to dispose of the bill. I hope the Sen-
ator will consent that a vote may be taken
upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it. was simply to take
a vote I would not object, but it will lead to
debate. Somebody will want to hear it read or
explained, and it will give rise to debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
and open to further amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and was read the third time.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to hear a
little explanation about this bill. What effect
will it have as to business and property in this
District? It was suggested last night that it
contained a plan to remove the railroad depot
and produce considerable change in affairs in
thi3 city. I should like to know if the bill has
