1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
531
be amply protected against the monopolizing j
tendencies of such a vast system of associated >!
capital and corporate power. I know, sir, that
in this storm and pressure period, this age of
fast men and lax principles, when prudence is
denounced as imbecility and honesty is " whis-
tled down the wind" as something almost dis-
reputable, these apprehensions of the future,
these warnings of placing too much power in
the hands of a few, will he contemned and dis-
regarded aa being too slow and conservative
for this age of radical revolutionary ideas.
But time will test their wisdom, and the people,
in regard to this question, as in all others when
surrendered to the whirlwind instead of mode-
ration and reason, will learn when too late the
hard lesson of experience.
Mr. Speaker, 1 have thus noticed some of
the prominent and startling facts in the man-
agement of the Union Pacific Railway Com-
pany rather than discuss the particular merits
or demerits of the claim presented in the bill
now before us, for the reason that 1 oppose the
system rather than the particular bill, and
because this debate opens the whole question
of Government subsidies. And yet even this
bill is a manifestation of the " crooked ways"
in which legislative wrongs are sometimes j
perpetrated. As the honorable gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Washbi'iink] said the other
day, its very title is a cheat and deception.
The supprchsio veri is betrayed in every word
and syllable. It is declared to be " a bill for
a grant of land granting the right of way over the
public lands to (lie Denver Pacific Railway and
Telegraph Company, and for other purposes."
Now, sir, what are these other purposes, and
how are they expressed in the body ot the
bill'! The leading purpose of the bill, to those j
who understand it, is the grant of a money
subsidy, not to the Denver Pacific Railway and
Telegraph Company, so ostentatiously paraded
in the title of the bill for a land grant and for
the right, of way over the public lands, but to
the Union Pacific Railway Company, eastern
division, in the sum of 910,000 per mile for
an unknown and undetermined distance, but
supposed to be about fifty-four miles.
We are presented with no survey to fix the
distance, and consequently the extent of the
grant. No one not acquainted with the pre-
vious a.nd complicated legislation in relation
to the eastern branches of the Union Pacific
railway would dream of a money subsidy in
the bonds of the Government lying concealed
in the following ingeniously ambiguous lan-
guage of the bill, to wit:
"And upon the connection of the Union Pacific
raihoad and telegraph, eastern dn'wnn, with s.ud
railroad and telegraph at Den vcr City, said company
shal i bo en tilled to 1 he same rights and pi iv ilexes as
if thewholo lino had been completed by saideasteru
division company."
And yet, sir, this is the meal-tub in which
lies snugly hid away from unpraetieed eyes the
nice little subsidy in Government bonds to swell
the public debt of the country, amounting to
nearly the sum of one million dollars, tor the
benefit of the eastern division of Lhe Union
Pacific Railway Company ! We also have this
surprising fact for our consideration, that al-
though this road is but very imperfectly built
for a distance of four hundred and five miles,
and besides its land grant has already received
in the bonds of the Government the sum of
SG,403,000, it has discontinued its work and
is awaiting the passage of this bill for a recom-
mencement of its operations. Sir, I look upon
this bill as a test question in the Fortieth Con-
gress. The embryo life of many a railroad,
ship-canal, and mining-tunnel lianas quivering
in the scales. If the voice of au awakening
people could be heard on this floor I have no
doubt what their decision would be.
Mr. Speaker, as the people, in legal effect,
have so tremendous an investment in these
roads, it is all-important for them to know how
their interests have been managed in their eon-
structionand equipment. I have already shown
■with what reckless prodigality, if not bad faith,
the trunk line of the Union Pacific road has
been constructed from Omaha to its present
western terminus. I propose now, very briefly,
to exhibit Lhe deficiencies of construction in
the eastern division, which, as a corporation,
is independent of the main trunk line. A com-
mission, composed of General Warren and Mr.
Blickensderfer, made au examination and re-
port of this road, which was communicated to
this House by the Secretary of the Interior
only a few days ago. The commissioners allege
in their report that—
"The whole line bears evidence of the unsettled
purposes which have operated in determining if. Ill
the details of the location there is too much curva-
ture; the grade is generally laid too near the ground
and follows too closely the undulations of the natu-
ral surface. Cheapness of first construction seems to
have been the ruling idea. The grades are too high.
The track has been laid on the bare road-bed, with-
out having the latter previously prepaied by a cov-
ering of ballast to receive it. The fastenings arc the
old style, now almost universally discarded, and tho
rails are not bent to conform to the cuivaturc. The
commissioners exhibit the following es: miate of cost
to make the road equal to the requirements of the
law: $350,000 for increasing width of cuts and em-
bankments; $210,000 for correcting changes in loca-
tion; $227,000 fur reducing giados; to supply
deficiency in cross-tics; 515,000 lor abutment and pier
foundation0; ^)t,000 for masonry in abutments and
piers ; $20,000 for replacing stone culveitsof defect-
ivoconstruction: $03,500for replacing wood culverts:
J2-31.5U0 for replacing trestle-bridges; $520,500 lor
ha Hasting and lifting track; <>30,000 i'Or snow-fences;
$50,000 for cattle-fences ; .^700,000 tor fifty additional
locomotives; $00,000 for fifteen pas-engercars; biS.OOO
for ten baggage, express, and mail 'cars: <*360,OOo for
four hundred box freight ears: $500,000 for enguie-
houses, turn-tables, machine-shops. Ac.; $75,000 for
additional water-stations: and $70,000 for additional
statioii-bui'dings—making in tho aggregate the sum
of 83,662,500."
Thus, sir, it will be seen that this road is also
deficient in its construction and equipment to
an amount almost equal to one third of the
entire sum which should have completed and
fully equipped it as a first-class railroad. And
yet every dollar of the full quota of Government
bonds have been issued and delivered in viola-
of the exptess provisions of a law passed almost
in furore by a Congress hut too read} and
anxious to serve the interests of a banded
clique of capitalists and speculators, who have
from the beginning looked more to the con-
struction of the road than to the road itself
and its business afterward, as the means ol
private profit to themselves. Docs any one
doubt that these stockholding contractors in the
Union Pacific railroad feel more interest in
their contract than they do in their stock, and
that the temptation to sacrifice their unpaid
stock to the profits of their contract is the real
key tothis most remark,ibleariangement? The
stock as au investment, and the ultimate success
of the road is a naked experiment; the profits
of the contract made under such eircumst uncos
can be placed beyond all contingency. In such
an alternative self-interest never hesitates It
will sacrifice tho lesser to the greater interest,
and as between two modes of speculation, or
even peculation, it will grasp the certain at the
expense of the uncertain.
Now, in view of this stafe^ ot facts, Mr.
Speaker, I here make the prediction that the
end of all this will be that ultimately and after
there is a transfer of the original stock these
roads will be sold in the same manner that a
large proportion of our American roads have
already been sold, and the first-mortgage hen-
holders will become the owners, thus cutting
off the lien of the. Government for the security
of its bonds, leaving the people lofoot the bill.
That, sir, is lhe probable feast which the A meii-
ean people will be invited to sit down to bore-
after. lam not alone in this opinion. 1 think
one of the Government directors in the Union
Pacific Company is impressed with the same
apprehension. In the report on the Union
Pacific railroad sent to thislIou«e on the 18th
of last month there is a very curious letter from
J. L. Williams, esq., to Oliver Ames, esq.,
president of the Union Pacific Company. In
: this letter he alludes to a "paper" inclosed as
I explanatory of his suggestion of what he calls
| a "reserved fund ; " but, singular enough, no
! copy of the pa,per is given in the report, nor is
: there anv reply of Ames, although the letter is
! dated Jnly 1, 18GS. _ Williams goes on to say
1 that those representing the Governmsnt might
well hesitate to sanction the delivery of the
entire subsidy for the whole extent of the road
while the work is in so incomplete a state, lie
concludes his letter with the following .signifi-
cant paragraph :
" 1 should add that if the control of the work would -
certainly remain in the hands of the very respect-
able and wealthy gentlemen now holding tho sfoek.
no such precaution migh! bo necessary, for they wou'il
put in ire^h money as needed to makcau ollieienc
road. But in the ever-changing control of such
works this is not. probable."
Mr. Speaker, I do not know how the fact
may be, for I have not. the means of knowing,
but I do know that the opinion prevails pretty
extensively among the people that not a dollar
of the large stock originally subscribed to the
Union Pacific railroad has been applied to its
construction. I see my colleague on the com-
mittee, tho gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Ames,] now sitting before me, smiles at
this declaration. I do not state the fact as of
my own knowledge; I state it as a common
belief. But, however this may be, sir, one
fact is certain, that by tho amendatory act of'
18G4 the miserable pittance of five per cent,
semi annually may be assessed upon the stock-
holders; so that in any event sixty per cent,
of its entire stock yet remains undue, and of
course not paid in. The inference to be drawn
from all this is at once suggestive and alarming.
Sir, I feel so deep an interest in the defeat,
of this bill, not so much for its own sake as
from the fact that it is the test as well as the
representative of a most vicious system ol legis-
lative extravagance, that, I have a very great
repugnance to make any political allusions
whatever. Put I may say, what will not and
cannot be controverted, that this whole scheme
of Government grants and subsidies to private
corporations is a Republican measure, inaugu-
rated and carried on by a Republican Congress.
Whatever of merit or demerit it may possess
belongs exclusively to the party now in power.
The Democratic party can claim no part in its
honors, nor can they be called upon to share
in any of its responsibilities. Such has been
its history in the* past; what, the future may
produce we must wait for the future to develop.
I am rejoiced, however, to obseive some indi-
cations that General Giant is disposed to put
a cheek upon this extravagant legislation, or at
least that he will lend his influence in that direc
fion. 1 know, sir, the, hint lias been thrown out
that, lie does not so much object! o the system as
lie does to particular lines. As I am not one ot
his supporters, it matters not to me what his
motives are, wheiher dictated by principle, or
policy, or partisanship. If he opposes all future
appropriations to new roads from the Atlantic
to the Pacific, upon the ground of (heir becom-
ing rivals to the Union Pacific railway, while I
may not admire the motive I am bound to
accept the result, because it accords practi-
cally with my own views, although mine may be
drawn from quite a different stand-point. The
leading Republican journal of Ohio infers, from
< my opposition to these schemes of public plun-
: der, that I shall become a supporter of the
\ administration of General Grant. Astheeditors
of that journal are avowedly in favor of one or
j more competing lines of Government-aided
railroads across the Jtocky mountains, thesar-
i casm of its prediction is ashkelvtobe intended
\ I'm General Grant as for myself, or it may be
for both.
! But these gentlemen may rest perfectly easy
i on that score, as I can assure them there is no
i very gieat, danger of any such political eon-
j junction. The General would have to cut
himself loose from the party which has raised
him into power upon scores of other greatand
[ viial questions, involving not only the rights
! and liberties of the white citizen, but the rees-
; tablishment and supremacy of the Constitution
] over all the States, alike in Georgia as in Mas-
1 saehusefts, before I would be willing to ae-
: knowledge myself as one of his supporters in
i general politics. Whenever he is right upon
i any given question of policy he will receive no
' factious opposition at my hands; and I shall
1 never stop to inquire whether I will gain or
