THE; CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
January 22,
The vast mining, interests of Colorado, New
Mexico, and Arizona are languishing to-day
for want of cheap, speedy, and. easy trans-
portation. In the Territory of Colorado alone
the product of gold can be increased by the
introduction of capital, machinery, and labor
to $100,000,000 annually, thus going far to
solve the problem of returning to specie pay-
ments. And not only will the production of
bullion in Colorado be stimulated, but the vast
niiningresourcesof the surrounding Territories
will be awakened into life and activity, and the
great commercial avenues and centers of the
whole country correspondingly enriched and
benefited. Thus, while eastern enterprise and
capital will smite the stubborn sides of the
" mountains of gold," thePaeifie railroad will
bear back to the great money centers of the
East the vital elements of wealth, prosperity,
and power.
I hesitate hot to say here, sir, as a member
of this House, that when our Pacific railroad
system is completed in all its parts and the
volcanic and mineral regions of New Mexico
and Arizona are opened up by the great line
of railway which shall soon find its way across
the valley of the Rio Grande and stretch on-
ward toward Mexico, the Gulf of California,
and to San Francisco, and when that other
great national line frcim LakeSuperiorto Puget
sound penetrates the gold regionsof the North,
that, the animal product of the precious metals
and of other mineral values in the United States
will more than equal similar products in all
other parts of the world. No temporary fit of
false economy; no refusal to meet the present
exigencies of the public welfare ; no cowardly
attempt to shift the responsibilities of to day
on those who are to come after us ; no political
demagogery or special pleading can arrest the
irresistible progress of our civilization, or stay
but for a moment the onward destiny of the
Republic in the development of its material
resources. And, Mr. Speaker, let me also say
tlmt [ am one ol those who believe that we owe
somet.hingof encouragementand support to the
sturdy pioneers of our civilization who brave
the dangers of our frontier and sacrifice so
much in extending the area of our wealth and
developing the elements of ourmaterial, educa-
tional, religious, aud political progress. These
men have fought our battles in all our wars,
and are fighting a continual battle for the benefit
of the generations who are to come after them.
It would be base ingratitude, worse than coward-
ice, and a policy not less fatal than foolish and
short-sighted, to declare now that we will stay
the further development of the new sections of
the country, and withhold from their people a
just encouragement to those avenues of com-
munication essential alike to individual and
national prosperity. _ We canuotatford to do itl
If we refuse as legislators to keep pace with
the just demands of the people in any section
of this country we shall be and ought to be
rebuked by those who exercise the sovereign
power of the Republic. Political parties are
omnipotent only as they represent with fidelity
the popular will. As with parties so it is with
men. Not even the gentleman from Illinois,
grown gray in the public service and entitled
to gratetul recognition from the people—from
which I would be the last to detract—can stay
the march of empire or successfully resist the
demands which a progressive and enlightened
people have the right to make upon him.
Mr. Speaker, oil the 8th of June, 1867, I had
the honor to meet a large company of distin-
guished gentlemen from all parts of the coun-
try atthe thenterminusofthe Union Pac-ificrail-
way eastern division, near"Fort Harker, Kan-
sas. Not half a dozen miles away countless
herds of buffalo covered the broad prairies and
hostile bands of Indians hovered in the vicinity,
/remember now that several distinguished gen-
tlemen upon this floor were present upon that
occasion. A meeting was.organized, and with
the broad and beautiful panorama of nature
spivad out before us we enjoyed the pleasure
of listening to several addresses. ' The distin-
guished gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. OftTH,]
in the course of able and eloquent remarks
relating to this great enterprise, said:
" Where we stand to-day the Indian and the buf-
falo but a few days ago held undisputed sway, while
the not distant morrow will witness their departure
tO(wi'ider scenes and more inaccessible recesses.
"Our good 'Uncle Sam' has come here and he
brings with him science and civilization, and he
intends to plant permanently a part of his great
family^ for he is now founding empires, and his mis-
sion will not befulfilledon this continent until every
foot of its soil will acknowledge his dominion and
his power. [Applause.]
"Less than twenty years ago the project of a rail-
road uniting the Atlantic with the Pacific was re-
garded by our most practical businessmen as chimer-
ical, while to-day we look with amazement, even in
this fast age when scarcely anything amazes us,
upon the rapidity with which this great work ap-
proaches completion. The Pacific railroad has be-
come a political necessity, and our Government,
even if such a thought were harbored, cannot now
reeedo from lending such material aid as will, under
wise and judicious management, accomplish its com-
pletion at the earliest practical period."
# ;Js ~ ^ *
"In view of these facts, so hastily glanced at and
sq imperfectly brought to view, I submit to you, Mr.
Perry, as President of the eastern division of the
Pacific railroad, whether you ai e not about reaching
that poiritin your route when a southern detour be-
comes necessary? Should you not at once reach out
the iron arm of your road and grasp theneh valleys
of theKio Grando and its tributaries?
"Should you not famish an artery for the vast
commerce of northern Mexico, an outlet for her
mineral wealth, which equals in richness the best
veins of Nevada and Montana? And not only an
outlet for Mexico and Mexican products, but as a
necessary consequence amarket, rich and profitable,
for the products of American skill, energy, and in-
dustry. [Applause.]"
The gentleman from Indiana on the otlier
side of the House [Mr, Niblack] said :
When I first entered the Congress of the United
States, now near ten years since, Kansas was the
theme of almost every tongue, and practically ab-
sorbed all other questions. X was frequently called
upon to vote on different phases of hor political
affairs, and finally had the honor of voting to make
heroneot the Statesof this Union. [Cheers.] lam
one of a very few members of the present Congress
who can claim this honor; most of those who par-
ticipated in her admission have either retired from
public life or been swept down by the swift course of
mighty events which have since intervened. I eon-
less, therefore, that it was with some emotion that I
entered the borders of this State the other day for
the first time in my life, and looked out upon her
broad plains and fertile prairies. As much as I have
heard said and seen written concerning these I was
not quite prepared to see su-'h beautiful scenery and
so grand a country. Had I the power of painting
scenery as only a master hand can paint it I tee! that
1 still could notiuake apictureso beautiful as that I
havesecn. Thegrandeui would, atleabi, be wanting.
"I shall return, as 1 doubt not otheis will who
live feast of the Mississippi, with impi e^sions as to the
scenery and country now around us which will never
bo effaced. X shall return, too, under the impi ossion
that the eastern division of the great Union Pacific
railroad is in the possession of the right men, and that
each mau is in his light place. [Cheers.] I will ever
bear with me the kindest recollections of the cour-
tesies and hospitaluieswhieh havebeen so profusely
extended to us. t Wha-t 1 have seen of the country
west of the Mississippi has more than ever impressed
me with the practicability of reaching: the Pacific
ocean by railroad and with the grandeur of the enter-
prise. From its geographical location, if for; no other
reason, the eastern division of this great work must
ever be a favorite route with those anions whom Hive.
Come what will, then I do not want to see it foil.
[Cheers.] Whatever, therefore, I can jji conscience
and honor, do to forward it, I will, I hope, feel ever
ready to do. [Cheers.] Of course I do not desire to
seo this road pressed forward in any way that shall
be injurious to other routes. 1 wish to see the Gov-
ernment extend a fostering hand to the extent of its
ability and power to all kindred enterprises. There
is room foi many routes to the Pacific, and there is
little danger, I imagine, that too many will be con-
structed."
The gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr.
Stevexs] also added his testimony to the
importance of this work, as follows:
"Mr. Chairman, I possess no language in which
to express my surprise and delight, with the scenes
through which we havellown in tiur progress from
the sea and by which wo are surrounded to-day,
Such scenes can never fail to impress most vividly
the feelings and imaginations of those who visit for
the first time the fertile fields, the teeming cities,
and the boundless prairies of the great West. In
my own little but gallant State we are accustomed
to boast of natural wonders which attract and repay
the distant traveler; and yet for myself I must say
that X do not believe that I should be penetrated by
greater astonishment than has been awakened in
my mind by ibis grand proscenium of the continent
over which our progress has led us. if on my return
I should find the face of the 'Old Man of the Mount-
ain' wreathed m smiles or behold Mount Washing-
tun nodding his imperial head in stately courtesy to
these expansive prairies."
"I owe the pleasure of this trip to the call of per-
sonal friendship and the curiosity of travel. But I
feel, sir, that'it has hot been without its practical
leason dr its real benefits. And here, sir, in the veiy
center of the continent, on th« histor'c soil of Kan-
sas—with what a price has she purchased hor lib-
erty 1—I am free to say that I recognize the utility, y(s,
sir, the future necessity, of uniting the shores of the
Atlantic with those of the grent peaceful sea, <>nd
binding together the industrial East with the Golden
Gates of California by those iron bands which in the
future are to bear the burden of a mighty commerce
in its transit across the continent. Against all ob-
stacles this great enterprise, this magnificent scheme,
must go forward to its completion. I shall be glad
to lend my personal and official aid to this great
work. I hope it is not now to be interrupted by war.
I trust the rising cloud of Indian hostilities will prove
a cloud only. Be that as it may, this work must go
forward. While the peaceful Indian can rest in
security side by side with our own race, the warlike
savage, the wild, untamed, and untamable Indian,
must retire before the advancing tread of cultiva-
tion. New England found that out two hundred
years ago. Let the rest profit by our history, let the
countrymark ourexample, and promptly andspeed-
ily the barbarities of the Indian and the sensuality
of the Mormon shall give wayto the progress of civ-
ilization, commerce, and Christianity."
Following the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire came the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Laflix.] I quote from his eloquent ad-
dress :
"I feel a personal pride in the success which has
crowned the efforts of the great Pacific railway.
Coming as I do from the State containing within its
borders the largest number of people in any of the
glorious States of this great Union—a State repre-
sented by a wealth and a commerce of which we may
be justly proud; a State which has felt from its very
infancy tne loree and effect of the prosperity of tha
section of country beyond it, at the West, and a
State, too, which has somewhat distinguished itself
hy its works of internal improvement—I may say
that, coming from that State, I feel that nil the States
beyond us at the West and all the improvements
which have developed in them are part and parcel of
our system.  
" When we remember that it is almost within the
lifetime of some of those who are before us that the
mighty Empire State, now numbering within its
borders four million people, had a population little
exceeding the present population of the territory
which now constitutes the State of Kansas—which
twelve years ago was an unknown wilderness—we
are astonished at the progress which our country
has made. And when we bear in mind that in a few
more years this State of Kansas, containing within
its borders moie than double the number of square
miles of the State of .New York, and possessing far
more of the elements of agricultural wealth, will
also count its millions of inhabitants, the imagin-
ation is lost in wonder at the teeming millions of
prosperous people who will occupy our great Repub-
lic of America, through the hoart of which we have
passed on this journey.
"Indeed, there are persons with us, young it may be,
who will scarcely arrive at theageof the majority of
us, who will see occupying this immense teiritory of
the United States a population nearly equal to one
half of the whole population ot the globe. And isit
not a matter of pride, should it not be a matter of
congratulation, that those who are the pioneers, those
who are to lead onward the tide of immigration and
of population which is bearing westward, are men
of buoii enterprise, men of such public spirit, and, as
we can all testify, men of such eminent private vir-
tue and ability us those gentlemen who are leading
on the enterprise of constructing this raihoadthiuugh
to the Pacific V'
I will conclude this testimony by quoting a
brief extract from the address of the gentleman
from Delaware, [Mr. Nicholson :]
"I have been amazed at the stupendous obstacles
which nature has interposed in the pathway of hu-
man enterprise, but no less amazed at the success
which has crowned your efforts in surmounting those
obstacles. The most formidable of the difheulties
you have had to encounter appears to me to have
been immensity of distance, and this is vanishing at
your touch. You stagger not at apparent impossi-
bilities; and now this great woik, spanning a conti-
nent, the progress of which we have been brought
hither to witness, presents every assurance of speedy
accomplishment."
£>o it seems, Mr. Speaker, that members of
this House, standing in the very center of the
continent and on this great line of road, united
with our military commanders in concurrent
testimony in favor of the work to be accom-
plished by this bill. I only regret, sir, that the
gentleman from Illinois had not wandered thus
far away from the shades of Galena, and, aban-
doning for a time his peculiar problems of
economy, looked with unprejudiced eyes upon
the necessities of the whole country and com-
prehended, like the honorable gentlemen from
whose remarks I have quoted, the present and
prospective wants of not only the commerce of
the plains but the commerce of a continent.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I desire to call the particu-
lar attention of the House to the location of
the line of this road west of the meridian of
