1486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
tion compels him to do, to sit on tbe trial of
an impeachment of a particular character.
Must the court shut up its gates and deny jus-
tice to its private suitors all that time because
the Chief Justice has a light to be there when
every cause is heard and when every cause is
decided ? It cannot be maintained; and prac-
tically this identical system of a part of the
highest judges sitting in banc while others aye
sitting at nisi prim, has existed in all civil-
ized countries for five hundred years ; and this
is the first time that anybody to my knowl-
edge ever raised any constitutional or funda-
mental question as to the constitution of a
court where some of its members were obliged
to perform a particular kind of duty while
others were performing a different kind. There
is nothing in it, in my humble judgment.
Now, then, I ask Senators—and I shall
occupy no more time about it—is it wise, when,
as my friend from Illinois says, as great as the
subject is he himself is_ compelled to be silent,
to refrain from discussion because of want of
time, is it wise for us to take a step that we
cannot, under the Constitution, retrace in such
haste as this 1
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
that the judiciary system of the country requires
some aid there can be no doubt. I cannot
agree with the Senator from Vermont that we
hav© been iu very great haste, or are now in
any great haste in affording that relief. This
subject has been carefully considered and in-
vestigated by the committee who reported the
amendment, with a number of plans presented
before them; and the reason that I like and
adopt the system reported is the very opposite
reason to that suggested as an objection by the
Senator from Vermont. The Senator objects
to it because it is a radical change in our
system. I adopt it because it is the least pos-
sible change in our system. The Supreme
Court remains as it has for years, unchanged,
excepting to restore one judge to it. The dis-
trict court remains the same. The circuit
court remains the same, excepting that the
justices of the Supreme Court, in consequence
of the accumulation of the business by reason
of our increased population, are aided by a
justice now to be appointed, called the circuit
judge; so that the system is as it has been
from the formation of this Government, while
my friend from Vermont really seems to advo-
cate a system which would make a perfectly
radical change. Instead of having a stable
court, where the decisions and the judges are
stable, uniform, fixed, he would have a rotary
court, a changing court, to he settled by lot
from year to year, which would bo a change
that we ought to hesitate loug before making.
As to the argument of the Senator from
Missouri, that it is very improbable that the
judges who are off on circuits would return to
the bench to concur with the minority of the
court, and so reverse their decisions, 1 can
only say then it must be very improbable that
there would be any change, and the system
would be just as we suggest here, with a stable
court at the seat of Government and circuit
judges visiting the circuits.
_ The relief which is afforded by this hill is
simply that the justices of the Supreme Court
are relieved from going on their circuits except
to visit a circuit once in two years.
Mr. EDMUMDS. A circuit or district?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. A circuit.
Mr. EDMONDS. That is so much the worse,
then.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They are required once
iu two years to go to each district.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It reads, "one term of
(he court in each district in two years."
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That affords a
very considerable relief, and they consequently
can be attending, except when on their circuit
to those districts, to the business during the
whole year here at Washington.
Mr. EDMUNDS. "Why can they not now?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Because now, if they
did that, the business of the circuits would be
left undone, as it is now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do they not go once in
two years now ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I suppose some
of them go more than that. One judge goes
out to the California district every year.
Mr. DRAKE. I will say one more word,
sir. The great object of this amendment in one
particular as to the court and its decisions is
that the advantage to be gained from the judges
holding oourt at nisi prius may inure to the
benefit of the Supreme Court here in the capi-
tal. The proposition of the committee cuts
that off forever, cuts it off completely ; estab-
lishes a new set of circuit judges who hold the
circuits, and you have no access of the judges
of the Supreme Court to the nisi prius trials,
except once in two years if they choose to go,
which they very likely will not.
Now, sir, I wish that the jurisprudence of the
country should get the benefit of this contact
of the judges of the Supreme Court with the
trial of causes. I do not think that any court
is ever benefited by being excluded entirely
from the trial of causes. You will perceive,
Mr. President, that the proposition of the com-
mittee effectually puts away all idea of the
judges of the Supreme Court having really any
practical connection with nisi prius business,
and substitutes a new set of men.
Sir, I am convinced that this is too grave and
important a subject to be discussed or to be
brought before the Senate near the close of a
session, when there is a general indisposition
among Senators to discuss it. The Senate is
composed, four fifths of it, of lawyers, every
one of whom should feel a profound interest
in all that appertains to the Supreme Court;
and yet the discussion of this question here to-
day is barely tolerated. We cannot go through
with it as it ought to be gone through with.
As we are so near the end of the session, and
so near the,time when another Congress meets,
and when we shall have the whole subject before
us, and as no relief can come to the court at
this term from the passage of this bill now, I
move the indefinite postponement of the bill;
and upon that motion I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from Mis-
souri knew the condition of the judicial busi-
ness in this country in several of the districts
in circuit courts that I know of, I think he
would not press this motion. In my judgment
the inability to try causes in several of the cir-
cuit courts of the UnitecNStates is now losing
the Government millions of dollars per annum
beside denying to the private citizen any rem-
edy whatever. Many circuit and district courts
of the United States are entirely blocked up.
Cases have been continued year in and year
out. The amendment now proposed by the
Judiciary Committee will, to some extent, sup-
ply that want by enabling circuit courts to be
held in some of the districts of the United
States. But it will not go far enough, in ray
judgment. The district courts ought to be re-
lieved iu many cases from judges who are, on
account age and infirmity, unable to discharge
the duties of their offices ; bat I do not propose
to embarrass this bill by offering any amend-
ment. This bill will enable at least circuit
courts to be held thoughoutthe United States,
and especially in the southern States where the
United States courts alone can administer jus-
tice as it ought to he administered, without
regard to person, race, color, or previous con-
dition of servitude, to use a very common
phrase.
Now, sir, in the southern district of the State
of Ohio on occount of the great multiplicity of
causes there is a substantial denial of justice.
Many causes in which the United States is
largely interested, in which the revenues of the
United States are involved, have been post-
poned from year to year and the revenues have
fallen off very largely on account of the want
of a court. No court can be held there either
for the district or circuit on account partly of
the great age and inability of the judge who
presides, a man of very high and unexception-
able character, but who is not able probably
to resign and leave his office, and yet at the
same time is not always ready to discharge the
duties of the office. Business has accumulated
to a vast extent.
Now, sir, in my opinion, the most import-
ant duty that can devolve upon this Congress
is at once to relieve the judicial service of the
United States, and in my judgment the delay
or postponement of this bill will be more inju-
rious to the public service than the delay or
postponement of any appropriation bill upon
your table. I trust, therefore, that this bill,
in this form or in any form in which the Sen-
ate may put it, will pass at the present session,
so that the relief may be promptly granted, that
the new judges may enter upon the discharge
of their duties; and they will find in many dis-
tricts and many circuits dockets that will prob-
ably occupy them one, two, or three years in
clearing away.
Mr. STEWART. I do not wish to prolong
the argument by any remarks of mine ; but I
fully concur with the Senator from Ohio. It
is extremely important that we should have
additional judicial force to discharge the duties
we have devolved upon the United States
courts. At present it is impossible to have the
judicial business of the country performed.
We have constant applications for the creation
of new judicial districts, growing out of the
accumulation of business, and there are a great
many new questions growing out of reconstruc-
tion which are necessary to be attended to at
this time. The country in this particular, in
the accumulation of business in the United
States courts growing out of the war, has grown
more rapidly than in almost any other. It is
possible that but for the war we might have gone
on for years under the old system; but this
country is growing so rapidly that we should
soon be compelled to increase the force iu any
event. But now we have applications from
all parts of the country. I believe if we give
to the South a judiciary who can perform the
duties devolving upon them it will do more to
settle that country, do more to establish law,
order, and peace, than anything else-. If you
could have a judiciary of that character there
that the people would have confidence in, and
they could have sufficient confidence to do all
the duties that we have devolved on those courts,
it would be the best reconstruction measure that
could be adopted. It is. a pressing necessity.
Senators who have not paid special attention
to it would be surprised at the want of proper
judicial force in the South to discharge the
duties.
This system appears to be about the only one
we can get. If we spend all our time in dis-
cussing different methods we shall agree upon
nothing. I believe this proposition commends
itself to the general judgment of the bar, and
I thiuk it would commend itself to the Senate
on a careful examination. There isgreatdiffi
culty in agreeing upon the method. The prop-
osition of the committee does not change the
system. It gives more circuit judges to per-
form the duties of the circuit courts, gives an
additional force in that regard, but it does not
remove the Supreme Court judges from ciieuit
duty. They arc required to go on circuit once
in two years, and of course they will go as much
oftcner as they can. We must take it for gran ted
that they are willing to perform all their duties,
willing to perform all the judicial business they
can, and they will go on circuit probably as
much as they do now. At any rate, they will
spend what time they can spare from the
Supreme Court on circuit. It is made tlioir
duty to go at least once in two years, nod that
is about as much as they now do. Still, they
will be relieved to such an extent that they may
be able to remove some of the embarrassments
that are now experienced. I think with this
additional force they would be enabled to hold
longer terms, and at the same time they can go
to the districts as much as they can find time
to do.
The plan of increasing the number of Supreme
Court judges to fifteen would not greatly in-
crease the efficacy of that court. Fifteen judges
