1869.
THE CCWGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M8T
can do no more than nine. I doubt whether
they can do as much as nine. That would not
relieve the Supreme beneh any more than the
plan here suggested; and would not supply, in
my opinion, the present want that is felt in
many of the districts. I do not think that want
would be so well supplied as by the plan pro-
posed by the committee, and it would* be a
greater innovation and would not be so much in
accordance with the settled policy of the coun-
try. I can conceive of a great many things
which might be done, which I do not propose
to discuss, if we adopt the method of having
fourteen or sixteen judges of the Supreme
Court. I fear difficulties would grow out of it.
Without expressing any opinion on the consti-
tutional question, one thing would be certain:
there would be a struggle on the part of the
judges to sit here.and send somebody else out
into the districts.
Mr. DRAKE. How could that be when
they have to be draws by lot?
Mr. STEWART. lean answer that ques-
tion very readily. The struggle would come
up here in Congress. If the Republicans were
in the majority, they would like to have Re-
publican judges in the court of last resort. If
the Democrats had a majority, they would fix
up some other arrangement that would retain
the Democrats here and send the Republicans
out on circuit. That method would destroy
the stability of the court, in my estimation,
and the court would constantly be engaged in
struggles with the political parties to change
its organization. There is no doubt that it
would lead to jealousies and strife. You m ight
fix it now to be determined by lot; but if it is
determined by lot now, Congress can provide
hereafter that it shall be determined in another
way. They could provide that it should be de-
termined according to the dates of the judge's
commission, and fix it up in various ways,
whereby one political party would have an
advantage over another. I think that is an
innovation that we are not prepared for. This
bill simply provides for a pressing want, and
does nothing calculated to lead to strife here-
after. I believe it is the best we can get, and
I believe it is incumbent upon Congress to
afford some relief" in this department.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope the motion of the
Senator from Missouri will not prevail. I'
regard the bill which has been reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary as one of the most
important, if not the most important, measure
before Congress, with regard to the southern
States particularly. The state of things in those
States at present is such that it is practically a
denial of justice. Not one tenth of the eases
which come to trial there can be tried in a rea-
sonable space of time. I am not a lawyer, and
I am not competent to pass an opinion as to
whether this particular bill is the best bill that
could be framed for the objwtf'ftpt that in-
creased judicial facilities shooHTSwIen to the
people in that section and some offier sections
of the country is perfectly obvious. It has been
the want ever since the war, very deeply felt,
asked for by the whole bar of the southern States.
I hope that the Senate will consider the bill and
pass it. The necessity for more judges, for more
force in the judicial department in the South,
is at this moment a necessity which I consider
second to no other for that section of the
country.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the indefinite postponement of the
bill.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I am not willing to vote
for that motion. It seems to me that we should
do something with reference to the Supreme
Court. If we do nothing more we ought to
pass the first section of the amendment reported
by the committee increasing the number of
judges of that court to nine. That would be
something. In the first place that court ought
not to be composed of an even number of
judges. The number ought to be uneven in
order that eases should not fall by an equal dis-
agreement among them.
It seems also that an additional number of
judges upon that bench is necessary to the
transaction of the business before it. W e know
very well that formerly the jadges of that court
were ten in number. That was the number
fixed by an act of Congress. It has been re-
duced. The reduction was made under pecu-
liar circumstances, and with some reference to
political considerations two or threeyears since.
Now that those have passed away, I see no ob-
jection to increasing the number of the judges
of that court by one or two. You would not
then exceed the number which was formerly
fixed by law. I repeat, then, if we do nothing
more it seems to me that we ought to pass, and
doubtless we could pass without any serious
objection, the first section of the amendment
reported by the committee which will authorize
the appointment of an additional judge, mak-
ing the number of the judges of that court to
consist of nine.
But, Mr. President, although. I am opposed
to the indefinite postponement of this bill, and
think an additional judge should be voted now,
in order that the judges may proceed at once
upon the adjournment of the Supreme Court
this spring to circuit duty in different sections
of the country, still I am not quite prepared
to vote for the bill which has been reported
by the committee. It seems to me that the
increase of the judicial force is too great; that
the reasons for it have not been made to ap-
pear. We have now, as I said before, eight
judges of the Supreme Court who perform
duties in banc, and who also perform circuit
duties. Now, it is proposed to increase the
number of the judges of that court by one,
and to give them nine assistant judges, -so to
speak, for the performance of circuit court
duties. There is an increase of ten judges;
and you will have under this bill eighteen
judges to perform the duties now discharged
by eight. It seems to me that this is an un-
reasonable demand upon Congress at this time.
It is an unreasonable demand to be pressed
upon us in the closing hours of the session,
when it is impossible, on account of the press-
ure of other business, to examine a subject of
this sort carefully and to understand the
grounds upon which it is pressed upon our
attention.
There is force in the observation already
made in this debate that after these judges are
once appointed you cannot reduce the num-
ber. Their tenure of office is daring good
behavior—substantially a life tenure—and you
cannot reduce their number and thus retrace
the step which you have taken. Therefore an
increase in the number of these judges ought
to be made upon great deliberation. It ought
to be made at some other time than during the
closing hours of the session, when we cannot
carefully consider the subject.
I believe, also, that the practical effect of
this measure will be such as has been de-
scribed, and that is to separate the judges of
the Supreme Court altogether from circuit
court, duty. They will become a court of error,
purely and simply a court sitting in banc, sep-
arated altogether from the people of the coun-
try with no travel imposed upon them. They
will not. be brought in contact with the great
mass of the community, as they now are by
traveling into different sections of the country,
and becoming to some extent acquainted with
local facts, the character of our people, and the
various interests in different, parts of the coun-
try, all of which is of great service even to a
dignified judge of the Supreme Court when he
comes to perform the duties of his office.
Upon these grounds, then, Mr. President,
I hesitate in voting so large an increase of
judges for the performance of duties now per-
formed by the Supreme Court of the United
States, i do not see how I can vote for it. At
the same time, however, I am willing to vote
for the first section of the Senate amendment,
and would be willing to vote for a section which
increased the number ofthose judges one or two
more, if the committee thought it necessary.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I shall not pro-
long the discussion on this question mor  than
a single moment. I am in favor of the bill,
and therefore opposed to the motion pending
of the Senator from Missouri. It seems to me
that the single consideration of the inability of
the Supreme Court to go through with their
docket in a,reasonable time is a sufficient
reason why the bill should pass. There are now
upon the docket of that court for the present
term four hundred and forty-three cases. The
court has been in session three months, and
they are at present ou the ninety-fourth case,
leaving undisposed of at this time three hun-
dred and forty-nine cases, unlesa they may
have taken a few out of their order. The num-
ber upon the calendar undisposed of at present
is nearly three hundred and fifty. The last
of thsse must , remain undisposed of for three
years at least under the present arrangement.
It is understood that the judges of the Supreme
Court, early in the spring, are required to
hurry away to their several circuits, and for that
reason cannot dispose of more than a limited
proportion of the cases upon the docket. I
do not know when this evil can be remedied
under the present system. The business in that
eourt is increasing constantly. The number of
cases is increasing each year over those pre-
sented the preceding year; and in a very few
years it will be the fate of a litigant in that court
to wait four or five years, perhaps half a dozen
years, before he can have his case determined.
Some remedy is absolutely necessary. If we
pass this hill providing cireuit judges for the
several circuits there .will be no necessity for
the justices of the Supreme Court to hurry off
to their circuits; they can hold a session here
during the larger portion of the year and sooa
sweep their docket.
Mr. DRAKE. In deference to the wishes
of other Senators, I will withdraw the motion
for indefinite postponement, and I will simply
remark in conclusion of what I have to say on
this subject that there is not one single objec-
tion urged here against the present condition
of things in the Supreme Court that would not
be fully met by the amendment which I have
proposed, and that, too, at a less expense than
with the system of circuit judges.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to postpone indefinitely is withdrawn, and the
question is ou the amendment offered by the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Drake] to the
amendment of the committee, on which ques-
tion the yeas and nays have been demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. Let the
amendment to the amendment be reported.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will take some time
to read it, and if the Senator from Tennessee
will allow me, I will state it in one moment so
that he can understand it. The committee
recommend that nine circuit judges be ap-
pointed to perform circuit duties, and one
additional Supreme Court judge. The Sena-
tor from Missouri has moved to amend that by
substituting the bill originally introduced by the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,j
which provides for fourteen Supreme associate
justices and one Chief Justice, making fifteen
in all, and that the Supreme Court- here shall
be held by eight of them while the other seven
are performing circuit duties, to be drawn by
lot,. The question is now on that amendment
offered by the Senator from Missouri to the
amendment reported by the committee.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 0, nays 89; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Cameron, Drake, Edmunds, Mor-
ton, Wade, and Wilson—6. „ .
X \YS— Messrs. Abbott. Buckalew, Cattcll, Coie,
Corbeit, Davii, Doolittle, Fessenden, FreUngliay-
«en Grimes, Harris, Howard, Howe, McCreery. Mc-
Donald, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Norton, JSyo,
Warner, Welch, Wbyte, Willey, and TV llliamB-j®.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cliand er,
Conkling, Connoss, Cragin, Dixon, Feiry, Fowler,
Harlan, Henderson, Hendricks, Kellogg. Morriil of
Vermont. Patterson of New Hampshire, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Ross, Saulsbury, Sprague, and Yates Li.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
