812
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
man, twelve hundred dollars; one messenger,
eight hundred and forty dollar^; and one
laborer, six hundred dollars—seven thousand
two hundred and forty dollars.
• For compensation of the chief clerk of the
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing, eighteen
hundred dollars j one clerk of the fourth class;
two clerks of the third class; two clerks of the
second class; three clerks of the first class ; one
messenger, eight hundred and forty dollars;
and one laborer, six hundred dollars—four-
teen thousand six hundred and forty dollars..
For compensation, of the chief of the Bureau
of Medicine and Surgery, three thousand five
hundred dollars; one clerk of the fourthclass ;
one clerk of the third class ; one messenger,
eight hundred" and forty dollars; and one
laborer. six hundred dollars—eight thousand
three hundred and forty dollars; and the office
of Assistant Secretary of the Navy is hereby
abolished; arid no clerks or other, employes
shall be ."appointed or employed in the Navy
Department except such as are provided for
in this act.
Incidental and Contingent Expenses of the
Navy Department. .
Office of.the Secretary of the Navy:
For stationery, labor, newspapers, and mis-
cellaneous items, two thousand eight hundred
and forty dollars. ( .
Bureau of Yards and Docks:
For stationery, books, plans, drawings, and
miscellaneous items, eight hundred dollars.
Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting:
For stationery,'books, and miscellaneous
items, seven hundred and fifty dollars.
Bureau of Navigation:
For stationery, blank-books, and miscella-
neous items, eight hundred dollars.
Bureau of Ordnance:
For.sta ionery and miscellaneous items, eight
hundred dollars.
Bureau of Construction and Repair:
For stationery and miscellaneous items, eight
hundred dollars.
Bureau of Steam Engineering:
For stationery and miscellaneous items, eight
hundred dollars.
Bureau of Provisions and Clo_thing: ■
For stationery and miscellaneoasitems, eight
hundred dollars.
Bureau of Medicine and Surgery:
For stationery and miscellaneous articles,
four hundred dollars.
For the general purposes of the Navy Depart-
ment Building.
For compensation of three watchmen and
two laborers of the building, two thousand
seven hundred and sixty dollars.
For labor, fuel, lights, and miscellaneous
items, six thousand dollars.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
_ For compensation of the Postmaster General,
eight thousand dollars; three Assistant Post-
masters General, at three thousand five hun-
dred dollars each, ten thousand five hundred
dollars; superintendent of money-order system,
three thousand dollars; superintendent of for-
eign mails, three thousand dollars; chief of
division of dead-letter office, two thousand five
hundred dollars; chief clerk, two thousand two
hundred dollars; three chief clerks, at two
thousand dollars each, six thousand dollars;
additional to one clerk of class four, as dis-
bursing clerk, two hundred dollars; twelve
clerks of class four, twenty-one thousand six
hundred dollars; fifty-one clerks o&elass three,
eighty-one thousand six hundred dollars; forty-
five clerks of class two, sixty-three thousand
dollars; twenty-three clerks of class one,
twenty-seven thousand six hundred dollars;
fifty female clerks, sixty thousand dollars; ten
folders, seven thousand two hundred dollars;
one messenger, at eight hundred and forty
dollars, and three assistants, at'seven hundred
dollars each, two thousand nine hundred and
forty dollars; nine watchmen, at six hundred
dollars each, five thousand four hundred dol-
lars ; fifteen laborers, at six hundred dollars
each, nine thousand dollars; making, in all,
two hundred and ninety-eight thousand seven
hundred and forty dollars.
For twenty-five clerks in dead letter office,
under act of January twenty-first, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, twenty thousand dollars.
For Contingent Expenses of the Post Office
■Department.
For blank-books, binding, stationery, fuel,
lights, laborers, and furnishing apartments
for additional -letter-carriers and clerks of
the money-order system, sixty-five thousand
dollars.
DEPARTMENT OP AGRICULTURE.
For compensation of Commissioner of Agri-
culture, three thousand dollars ; chief clerk,
two thousand dollars; entomologist, two thou-
sand dollars; chemist, two thousand dollars;
superintendent of experimental gardens, two
thousand dollars; botanist, fourteen hundred
dollars; superintendent of seed-room, eighteen
hundred dollars; librarian, eighteen hundred
dollars; superintendentof folding-room,twelve
hundred dollars; three clerks of class four, five
thousand four hundred dollars; font clerks of
class, three, six thousand four hundred dollars;
six clerks of class two, eight thousand four
hundred dollars; seven .clerks of class one,
eight thousand four hundred dollars; five copy-
ists and attendants in museum, at one thousand
dollars each, five thousand dollars; three mes-
sengers, at eight hundred and forty dollars
each, two thousand five hundred and twenty
dollars; two watchmen, at six hundred dollars
each, twelve hundred dollars; six laborers, at
six hundred dollars each, three thousand six
hundred dollars; statistician, two thousand
dollars; assistant chemist, sixteen hundred
dollars; assistant superintendent of experi-
mental garden and grounds, twelve hundred
dollars; assistant superintendent of seed-room,
twelvehundred dollars; disbursing clerk, eight-
een hundred" dollars; two enginee'rs, one at
fourteen hundred dollars, and one at twelve
hundred dollars; making, in all, sixty-eight
thousand five hundred and twenty dollars.
Agricultural Statistics.
For collecting statistics and material for
annual report, fifteen thousand "dollars; one
watchmen, seven hundred and twenty dollars.
For continuance and completion of investi-
gations of cattle disease, fifteen thousand dol-
lars.
Contingencies.
For stationery, freight, and incidentals, five
thousand dollars.
For purchases for library, laboratory, and
museum, five thousand dollars.
For fuel, light, and miscellaneous expenses,
three thousand two hundred dollars.
For keep of horses, fifteen hundred dollars.
For cases for museum, repairs of furniture,
fences, and water, two thousand five hundred
dollars.
For labor and repairs in tte experimental
garden, and purchase of plants for the same,
ten thousand dollars'.
For improvement of the grounds, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For purchase of new and valuable seeds and
labor in putting them up, twenty thousand
dollars. And this act shall not be so construed
as to reduce the compensation of any employ^
of the Government below the amount allowed
in the last or present appropriation bill.
UNITED STATES MINT AND ASSAY OFFICE.
Mint at Philadelphia.
For salaries ofthe Director, treasurer,assayer,
melter and refiner, chief coiner and engraver,
assistant assayer, and seven clerks,thirty-seven
thousand nine hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen and adjusters, one
hundred and twenty five thousand dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For specimens of ores and coins to be pre-
served in the cabinet of the Mint, six hundred
dollars.
For freight on bullion and coin, five thousand
dollars.
Branch Mint at San Franciseo, California.
For salaries of superintendent, treasurer,
assayer, melter and refiner, coiner, and six
clerks, thirty thousand five hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen and adjusters, one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, re-
pairs, and wastage, sixty-nine thousand five
hundred and forty-five dollars.
Forepecimens of ores, three hundred dollars.
Assay 'Office, New York.
For salaries of superintendent, assayer, and
melter and refiner, assistant assayer, officers,
and clerks, twenty-five thousand seven hundred
dollars.
For wages of workmen, in addition to un-
expended balances of former appropriations,
forty ^thousand dollars.
Forincidentaland contiugentexpouses, fifty
thousand dollars.
Branch Mint at Denver.
For assayer, who shall have charge of the
said mint, eighteen hundred dollars.
For melter, eighteen hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen, twelve thousand
dollars.
For two clerks, at eighteen hundred dollars
each, three thousand six hundred dollars.
For incidental and contingentexpenses, three
thousand dollars.
Branch Mint at Netc Orleans.
For the care and preservation of the branch
mint buildings, machinery, and material at
New Orleans, three thousand dollars.
Branch Mint at Charlotte, North Carolina.
For the care and preservation of the branch
mint buildings, machinery, and materials, at
Charlotte, North Carolina, including five hun-
dred dollars for necessary repairs, one thou-
sand dollars.
Branch Mint at Carson City-
T?or salaries of officers and clerks, for wages
of workmen, apd for incidental expenses, in-
cluding acids, chemicals, and postage lor the
fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, seventy-four thousand six
hundred dollars.
INDEPENDENT TREASCRT.
For salaries of the Assistant Treasurers of the
United States at New York, Boston, Charles-
ton, and Saint Louis, viz: For the Assistant
Treasurer at New York,.eight thousand dollars;
those at Boston and Saint Louis, eachfive thou-
sand dollars; and the one at Charleston, four
thousand dollars—twenty-two thousand dol-
lars.
For additional salary of the treasurer of the
Mint at Philadelphia, fifteen hundred dollars.
For additional salary of the treasurer of the
branch mint at New Orleans, five hundred
dollars.
For additional salary of the treasurer of the
branch mint at San Francisco, California, fif-
teen hundred dollars: Provided, That there
shall be no increase of salary in the foregoing
paragraphs relating to the Independent Treas«
ury over tha.t allowed by existing laws.
For salaries of the clerks and messengers
in the office of Assistant Treasurer at Boston,
twenty thousand dollars": Provided, That here-
after the salaries of the clerks and messengers
employed in this office shall not exceed the
sum herewith appropriated.
Forsalariesof clerks, messengers, and watch-
