314
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
40xh Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United Stales.
For the construction of four steam revenue-
cutters, viz: one for Alaska; one for Columbia
river, Oregon; one for Mobile, Alabama; and
one for Charleston, South Carolina, three hun-
dred thousand dollars: Provided, That said
cutters shall not costmore-than the sum hereby
appropriated.
•To defray the Expense of a preliminary sur-
vey of the site for the proposed navy-yard at
League Island, five thousand dollars.
For the completion of a bridge over the Da-
kota river, and to locate and survey the road
from said bridge to the Vermillion bridge, one
thousand dollars.
In connection with the late Bureau of
Freedmen and Refugees:
For Washington asylum and hospital, Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, twenty-five thou-
sand dollars ; for Richmond, asylum and hos-
pital, Richmond, Virginia, fifteen thousand
dollars; Vicksburg asylum and hospital, Vicks-
burg, Mississippi, ten thousand dollars, for .the
present fiscal year: Provided, That on and
after the close of the present fiscal year the said
asylums and hospitals shall be discontinued.
For colleetipn and payment of bounty, prize
money, and other legitimate claims of colored
soldiers and sailors Tor the fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy,
and for salaries of agents and clerks, one hun-
dred and forty-five thousand dollars;
For rent of offices, fuel and light, twenty-'five
thousand dollars;
For office furniture, three thousand dollars;
For stationery and printing, twenty thousand
dollars;
For mileage and transportation of officers
and agents, eighteen thousand dollars:
For telegraphing and postage, three thou-
sand dollars; being, in all, two hundred and
fourteen thousand dollars.
For compensation of the acting charg6 d'af-
faires ad interim at Venezuela, at the rate of
four thousand five hundred dollars per annum,
from the first day of June last until such time
as a minister shall be appointed and shall take
charge of the legation, such sum as may be
necessary. ,,
SCP.VIiT OF, THE COAST._
For the survey of the Atlantic and Golf
coasts of the United States, including com-
pensation of civilians engaged in the work, and
excluding pay and emoluments of officers of the
Army and Navy, and petty officers and men of
the Navy employed in the work, two hundred
and seventy-five thousand dollars.
For continuing the survey of the Pacific coast
of the United States, including compensation
of civilians engaged in the work, one hundred
and seventy-five thousand dollars. '
For publishing the observations made in the
progress of the coast survey of the United
States, including compensation of civilians em-
ployed in the work, two thousand dollars, the
publication to be made at the Government
Printing Office.
For pay and rations of engineers for steamers
used in the hydrography of the Coast Survey,
no longer supplied by the Navy Department,
Eer act of June twelfth, eighteen hundred and
fty-eight, five thousand dollars.
For repairs and maintenance of the comple-
ment of vessels used in the Coast Survey, thirty
thousand dollars. :
Northern and Northwestern Lakes.
For the survey of northern and northwestern
lakes, one hundred thousand dollars: Provided,
That any surplus charts of the northwestern
lakes may be sold to navigators upon, such
terms as the Secretary of War may prescribe.
To procure asurvey and report and for repair-
ing wharf at the site for the navy-yard on the
river Thames, near New London, Connecticut,
deeded to the United.Statesfornaval purposes,
ten thousand dollars; but no further amount
shall be contracted to be paid for this purpose.
LIGHT-HOUSE ESTABLISHMENT.
.For the Atlantic, Gulf, Lake, and Pacific
coasts, viz:
For supplying the light-houses and beacon-
lights with oil, wicks, glass chimneys, chamois
skins, whiting, spirits of wine, polishing pow-
der, cleaning towels, brushes, and other neces-
sary expenses of the ssjme, and repairing and
keeping in repair the lighting apparatus, two
hundred and fifty-one thousand seven hundred
and seventeen dollars.
For the necessary repairs and incidental ex-
penses, improving and refitting light-houses
and buildings connected therewith, two hun-
dred and twenty-five thousand dollars.
For salaries of five hundred and eighty-nine
keepers of light-houses and lighted beacons,
and their assistants, four hundred and fifty-six
thousand dollars.
For seamen's wages, repairs, supplies, and
incidental expenses of twenty-four light-ves-
sels, two hundred and thirty-two thousand two
hundred and ninety dollars.
For expenses of raising,.cleaning, painting,
repairing, removing, [remooring,] ana supply-
ing losses of beacons and buoys, and for chains
and sinkers for the same, two hundred and
fifty thousand dollars.
For repairs and incidental expenses of refit-
ting and improving fog-signals and buildings
connected therewith, thirty thousand dollars.
•For expenses of visiting and inspecting lights
and other aids to navigation," two thousand
dollars.
For a light-house on Half-way Rock, Casco
bay, Maine, fifty thousand dollars.
For rebuilding Plum Island light station, in
addition to former appropriations, eleven thou-
sand dollars.
Forrepairs and renovations at Throg's Neck,
Highlands at Neversink, Sandy Hook, Conover
beacon, and Fort Tompkins light-station at
New Jersey, thirteen thousand four hundred
dollars.
For stake-lights in the Hudson river, two
thousand dollars.
Frfr stake-lights in Whitehall narrows, Lake
Champlain, New York, five thousand doHars.
For rebuilding Stratford river beacon, Con-
necticut, eight thousand dollars.
For building a wharf and shed for landing
and storage of buoys at Black Rock light-sta-
tion, Connecticut, eight thousand dollars.
For repairing and coping the brick wall on
the north side of, and filling in and grading
grounds at the Staten Island light-house depot,
twelve thousand five hundred dollars.
. For rebuilding a first-class light-house at
Cape Hatteras, North Carolina, in addition
to former appropriations, forty thousand dol-
lars.
. . For replacing the ten-day beacons formerly
marking the Florida reefs, fifty thousand dol-
lars.
For rebuilding Cat Island light-station, fif-
teen thousand dollars.
For repairs and renovations at Proctorville
beacon and Pass & l'Outre light-station, five
thousand five hundred dollars.
For a light-house at Point aux Herbes,
Louisiana, to take the place of Bon Fonca
light-station, destroyed by the rebels, and npw
reestablished, eight thousand dollars.
For a new light-house at Timbalier, to re-
place the one destroyed by a hurricane on the
twenty-ninth and thirtieth March, eighteen and
sixty-seven, fifty thousand dollars.
j For a new light-house at Shell Keys, to
replace the one destroyed in the hurricane of
the fifth and sixth of October, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven, sixty thousand dollars.
For rebuildingalight-station atthe' 'Swash,''
Texas, six thousand dollars.
For a steam-tender for light-house and buoy
service in the Gulf of Mexico, fifty thousand
dollars.
For rebuilding Grand- river, light-station,
Lake Erie, thirty thousand dollars.
For a light-house and pier of protection at
Cleveland, Ohio, forty-five thousand dollars.
For repairs and improvements at Genesee
light-station, Lake Ontario, thirteen thousand
dollars.
For repairs and renovations at Grassy Island
and Monroelight-stations, three thousand three
hundred dollars.
For range lights to mark the channel into
Presque Isle harbor, Lake Huron, seven thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For the construction of a light-house on
Spectacle reef, Lake Huron, one hundred thou-
sand dollars.
For repairs and renovations at South Man-
itou and Point Betsey light-stations, Lake
Michigan, four thousand dollars.
For rebuilding the keeper's dwelling at Mus-
kegon light-station, Lake Michigan, in addition
to former appropriations, six thousand dollars.
For repairs and renovations at St. Joseph's,
Michigan City, Raspberry Island, Minnesota
Point, and other light-stations, five thousand
six hundred dollars.
For repairs and renovations at Bayley's
Harbor light-station, subject to provisions of
act of Congress, March two, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven, in addition to former appro-
priations, fifteen thousand dollars.
For rebuilding Portage river light-house,
Lake Superior, twelve thousand dollars.
For rebuilding Eagle river light-house, Lake
Superior, fourteen thousand dollars.
For enabling the Light-House Board to exper-
iment with new illuminating apparatus and fog-
signals, in addition to former appropriations,
four thousand dollars.
For two first-class light-ships, for relief ves-
sels for outside stations, one hundred thousand
dollars.
For compensation of two superintendents
of the life-saving stations upon the coasts of
Long Island and New Jersey, three thousand
dollars.
For compensation of fifty-four keepers of
stations, at two hundred dollars each, ten
thousand eight hundred dollars.
For contingencies of life-saving stations on
the coast of the United States, ten thousand
dollars: Provided, That the Secretary of the
Treasury shall have power, after a week's
notice to the public, to sell and convey any
real estate no longer used for light-house pur-
poses, the avails of such sale to be paid into
the national Treasury.
For life-boat station on Narragansett beach,
Rhode Island, to be expendted under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, five thou-
sand dollars.
' BEVENUE-CUTTER SERVICE.
For pay of officers and pilots, four hundred
and eight thousand six hundred dollars.
For rations for officers and pilots, twenty-
eight thousand four hundred and seventy-nine
dollars.
For pay of petty of officers aad crew, three
hundred and eighty thousand eight hundred
and fifty doHars. >
For rations of petty officers and crew, one
hundred and thirty-three thousand five hundred
and sixty-one dollars.
For fuel, one hundred thousand dollars.
For repairs and outfits, one hundred and
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For supplies of ship chandlery, fifty thousand
eight hundred dollars.
For traveling expenses, five thousand dol-
lars.
CONSTRUCTION BRANCH OF THE TREASURY DE-
PARTMENT.
For completing main stairway west wing,
eight thousand five hundred dollars: Provided,
That all moneys appropriated for the extension
of the Treasury building shall be disbursed only
by one of the regular disbursing elerks of the
Treasury Department, who shall receive no
extra compensation for such service.
