1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
539
him from being renominated. Yet he never
coined his advocacy of the cause he had so long
battled for until the heart within liim ceased
to beat, his busy brain was stilled by the chill-
ing breath of death, and his noble soul had
gone to the God who gave it.
Hon. James Hinds is dead. How strange
it sounds! He that was so full of life, health,
and the vigor of youth but a few days since is
dead. Alas, it is true! To say that he died
on the22d day of October, 18G8, without going
more into the details of his awful death, would
be falling far short of duty. I would gladly
di aw the curtain of forgetfulness over the tragic
scene if it stood alone in the late fearful can-
vass in which he lost hits life ; but such is not
the case. Iiis assassination was but one of
a number which seemed to have been planned
and executed with such diabolical precision aud
cruelty as to convince all unprejudiced minds
that the fell spirit, of treason still burns in the
hearts of many of the late rebels in our State,
aud iliey only await a favorable opportunity to
fall with all their envenomed fury on the heads
of the loyal men. Again, justice to the mem-
ory of the deceased requires that the slander-
ous reports made by those who consented to
his death should be silenced by the records of
the country.
Weeks, months, and years of bloody scenes
almost without parallel have been endured by
the loyal men of Arkansas without apparent
hope of redress from the law. They have
seen fathers, husbands, brothers," aud sons
weltering aud dying in their blood upon their
own floors and around their own hearth-stones.
The ears of the authorities there have been
pierced by the vshrieks of anguish and the ap-
peals for redress coming up from the scores
and hundteds of widows and orphans deprived
of their protection by the assassin's hand. At
times I wonder that the, patience and endur-
ance of the loyal people has not long since worn
out, and thev, driven to desperation, should
swear Mich oaths of vengeance over the graves
of their loved and honored ones as would
blanch the cheeks and cause the hearts of
men to stand still who were unacquainted with
their woes and wrongs. Little is known out-
side of the late rebel States of the terrible
cost of bemg loyal. If you argue the question
at issue your arguments arc met by the halter,
bludgeon, revolver, or shotgun. If you dare
sympathize with the maltreated, or take them
into your house, the torch of the incendiary is
ready to apply toyourhotne. Social ostracism
and business proscription is your rewaid fiom
those who are the power behind the outbreak-
ing tuffians. This has been for some time the
condition of affairs in many portions of Ark-
ansas. Such facts impel me to give the account
of the murder of Mr. Hinds more in detail
than I otherwise would feei my duty.
On the 22d day of October, 1XIJ8, Mr. Ilrxus
and Hon. Joseph Brooks, of Helena, Arkan-
sas, a leading Republican of the State, (and
from whom 1 received the particulars of the
assassination.) stopped at the house of one
O'Urk, in Monroe county, on their way to iill
an appointment made for them in that county,
to inquire the way to the place. Clark gave
them 'he desired information, when they rode
off in the direction indicated, thinking that they
were safe under the protection of the flag'of
our country, for which they had periled their
lives on the lield of battle. They had ridden
but a short distance when they were joined by
Ciaik, who had mounted his horse and over-
taken them, armed with ashot-gun. Mr, Brooks,
whose horse was much the faster walker, was
a lew yards in advance of Mr. Hixus. Hear-
ing some one talking to Mr. IIixds he looked
back and saw Clark armed as desciibed riding
alongside of him. His suspicions were not
aroused, because carrying arms lias become so
common there. Thev had ridden thus but a
few moments when Mr. Brooks felt the sharp
Sting of gunshot wounds and heard the report
of a gun. fie turned just in time to see Mr.
Hixns fall irom his horse mortally wounded.
As soon as the report of the assassination
became known at Little Rock, dispatches were
sent all over the country, stating that Messrs.
Brooks and Hinds were extremely radical,
and therefore offensive to many of the Itepub-
licau party, who, fearing their influence in the
party, had plotted their death. Their object
in this was well known in Little Rock. Messrs.
Hi.yes and Brooks were among the most influ-
ential canvassers in the State, aud they were
feared by the disloyal. The rebels felt it neces-
sary to create an opinion in the country that
they had not done the deed, not regretting it
was done ou account of the assassinaied, but
because of the effect of such an outrage on
men so well and favorably known in the
country.
The only denial of the willful slander thus
sent abroad necessary to refute it is the find-
ing of the coroner's jury which sat on the case,
it being composed of white men of both par-
.ties. The unanimous verdict of that jury was
that Mr. IIixds was killed by Clark. This
Clark was the secretary of a Democratic club
of Monroe county, and only knew the victims
by reputation. And there can be found no
palliating circumstances connected with the
assassination. The assassin was not prompted
to the committal of this dark deed by feelings
of revenge, for ho had nothing to revenge; ho
did not do the deed under the influence of a
sudden outburst of passion, for the time de-
throning his reason. No, sir; it was a cool,
premeditated, willful murder for political pur-
poses.
About an hour after the assassination some
men who had been at the place where the
meeting was to have been held eomingiip found
Mr. Ihxns's hor.se loose in the road, and soon
came to the. spot where lie had fallen and was
still lying, the thirsty soil eagerly drinking in
the life blood of its adopted son, as if anxious
to hide the traces of a crime so feariul, and
b'ushmg that a deed so damnable should have
been perpetrated on its bosom. Mr. Hixns had
just strength enough to observe that strangers
were near him, and implored thetn not to shoot
him again as he could live but a few moments
longer in his present condition. They suc-
ceeded in proving to him that he was in the
hands of his friends. They procured a wagon
and took him some two miles to a house. Their
labor of love was till in vain. While he was
being conveyed from the wagon into the house
his bia\e spirit winged its flight to the spirit
land. The men who discovered Mr. IIixds
found beside him the paper lining of his hat
which he had torn out, aud in those fearful
moments while dying alone he had written on it,
'• I have a wife aud two children at Last, Nor-
wich, New Vo:k. to whom I wish my remains
sent/' What mind shall be found so active us
to trace the lightning thoughts of the man
during that awful hour dying alone!
"Found (lying! living alone,
There was nobody near, nobody near,
When the uuirlyr d\ inu on !ii, tullow of stono
Vv"; i; ■ tound; no wife, no ehildren de;ir.
Not a. triendly voice to soothe or cheer,
Nut a watoliinK eye or a pitying tear."
The poet may beautifully describe the fact
of found dying alone; hut what tongue of elo-
quence shall be found abie to tell of the
thoughts, the hopes, the fears, the anguish of
mind endured for an hour while dying alone !
How often the hearts of the widow and his
fatherless children will yearn to know what he
would have said during that eventful hour, con-
tested for by life and death, time and eternity,
in that lonely, silent wild, disturbed only by the
clatteiing hoofs of the horse of the assassin
while carrying him to a place of refuge among
his accessories. And then the assassin yet
.remains securely shielded from the penalties
of the outraged law.
His death was a severe blow to the loyal
people of Arkansas, and cast a gloom ot sor-
row over the State which dampened the joys
Ij of his constituents even in the midst of their
II triumph over that class of people « ho by their
!< counsels had brought about the condition of
ji society of which the spirit of assasuuation was
il the legitimate offspring. He was a man of
unimpeachable integiity, a devoted husband
and kind father. lie was a man of firm and
fixed principles, and the first in his part of the
State to brave the indignation of the late rul-
ing class there by openly and zealously advo-
cating the cause of the weak aud the oppressed
colored man. The poor never plead with him
in vain, aud the humble ever found ill him an
able advocate and a warm friend. From the
tune he became a citizen of Arkansas he was
an enthusiastic and brave advocate of equal
rights. He lived a friend to freedom and
sealed his devotion to his principles with his
blood, and behind him left a noble record
worthy of emulation. His deeds will follow
him ; and notwithstanding he is dead he still
lives holding an enviable position in the hearts
of his countrymen. He needs neither tower-
ing marble shaft nor high sounding epitaph to
commemorate his virtues. The name of J aiies
Hinds is and has been a household word among
the humble, and will he cherished by the rising
generations.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Mr. Speaker, in rising to
pay my humble tribute of respect to the mem-
ory of our departed associate I am painfully
conscious that my feeble words cannot reach
the ear of the silent sleeper whose death we
mourn. Speech can add no luster to the crown
he wears. Panegyric is in vain ; and in view ot
the ever-approaching summons of the dread
messenger who called him hence none are so
ignoble as to give way to invective or dwell
upon the infirmities of mortality. He has gone
beyond the reach of our praises or our censures.
Ho has joined the champions and martyrs of
human freedom, civil and religious, and fallen
thus, is numbered with all the hosts of them
who counted not their lives dear unto them for
the sacred cause of country and humanity. By
the offerings we bring let us rather seek to
refine and ennoble our own souls and fit our-
selves, the bcltei for the work laid on us to do.
During the fevv short weeks 1 have held a
seat in this House, once and again have we
made our pilgrimage to the cities of the dead,
to the sepulchers of our fallen comrades. But
of all the ways in which death smites down its
victims none is more appalling, none more
heartrending, than the manner iu which ourlate
associate met his fate. Others have been taken
hence at the close of a long and brilliant career,
crowned with honor: and with manly forms
bowed beneath the weight of years they have
come to their grave in full age, like as a shock
of corn cometii in in his season. But he whom ,
we mourn was stricken down in the prime of
life, standing upon the threshold of an open-
ing and promising career; yes, life, with its
cherished purposes, its exalted aims, its high
ambitions, its stimulus to noble action and its
sweet rewards was in the broad outlying future.
All, the realization of all, was within the possi-
bility of a lofty, heroic nature. Others, in the
" mellow autumn" oflife, have been permitted
to pluck ripened fruits from their spring-time
planting, but, he was snatched away in the mid'et
of the summer culture. Like the prudent hus-
bandman he planted trees, the fruit of which
he will pluck never in this world. It is true he
caught glimpses of the reward of his self-sac-
rificmg and patriotic labors as men catch
glimpses of the shining sun through the refts
of the storm cloud. He lived to see our en-
dangered liberties rescued and our broken
Union restored. He lived to see a race eman-
cipated and elevated to American citizenship.
He lived to see his adopted State take her place
again in the sisterhood of States with a new
and higher life beating in her heart, with new
and purer blood coursing through her arteries;
her soil too free, her air too pure for the feet
or the lungs of slaves. And in the last glim-
mer of expiring life iie caught, as by prophetic
vision, the dawning of the era of peace and
prosperity to the Republic upon which we aro
so soon to enter.
Others have passed from their high station
to t tie grave as sometimes fails a;jed oak of
the forest when not a breeze sighs in the pine-
