1492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
the disabilities of those traitors, Senators and
Representatives, who in their seats in this
Capitol plotted against the Government and
then withdrew to make war upon the Republic,
I have therefore excluded from the operation of
the amendment this class of persons, together
with those who held military or naval commis-
sions in the Federal service before the war.
I have then provided that these declara-
tions shall monthly appear in a proclamation
of the President of the United States, and
' thereupon the persons who have filed such dec-
larations shall be exonerated from these dis-
abilities.
Is not this safe ? Is it possible that any more
can be apprehended from the persons now
aboring under disabilities, who shall file these
declarations in the Department of State affirm-
ing their paramount allegiance to the Federal
Government, affirming their faithfulness to the
Constitution and laws of the United States,
and then their names and places of abode ap-
pear monthly in a presidential proclamation
pledging their honor to the country, to their
neighbors, and in communities where the feel-
ing of personal honor is perhaps stronger than
anywhere else upon the face of the globe. It
does seem to me that the evil which the Judi-
ciary Committee is seeking to remedy by this
bill will be removed by the amendment which
I have proposed, and that certainly is the thing
which Congress ought to undertake to accom-
plish. But the bill itself sots up an investiga-
tion all over these southern communities for
every man who has accepted civil office or has
been elected by his neighbors to a civil office,
who from the very fact of such election is a
man who has the confidence of that neighbor-
hood ; and then you are to indict him as a
felon, drag him from his home, send him to
the penitentiary as a felon. Are you going to
bring about peace and good order and quiet in
those communities by legislation like this ? It
seems to- me that instead of sending peace
there by such legislation as this you are send-
ing a sword. And as it is not necessary, in
order to remove the evil which is sought to be
remedied, I trust, whether my amendment is
adopted or not, that the bill which is reported
by the committee will not be adopted, and that
the fourteenth article of amendments of the
Constitution will be left where its framers in-
tended to leave it to execute itself through the
operation of conflicting parties in society.
Mr. FEELING-H U YSEN. Mr. President,
it seems to me that this amendment is not in
order for thiss reason; to pass the amendment
requires a two-thirds vote of each House. The
bill can be passed by either House by a mere
majority vote. If you attach this amendment
to it, then the whole bill as amended will re-
quire a two-thirds vote. The subjects are in-
congruous, which is manifested by the different
modes which must be used for the adoption of
either. On that question I should like the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. MORTON. I think that the objection
just made by the Senator from New Jtrsy is
well taken. It would hardly be in order to
attach to an ordinary bill that could be passed
by a mere majority an amendment which re-
quires two thirds of each House to pass it.
But, sir, passing over that, there is a much
greater objection to this amendment in my
mind. We have just succeeded in adopting the
fourteenth article, of which the third section
is a very important and prominent part ; and
scarcely has it taken its place in the Consti-
tution of the United States before it is pro-
posed virtually to abrogate it by a general act
of Congress. Sir, it was the voice of the whole
country that certain parties should be made
ineligible to office. It received the sanction
of two thirds of each House of Congress ; it
received the sanction of some twenty-eight or
thirty States of this Union: and it occurs to
me that it would be very bold policy indeed to
propose to abrogate by an act of Congress that
which has jast been so solemnly sanctioned by
the nation. Sir, i am not m hot haste to re-
store the eligibility of these men tooffice. 1 see
no necessity for it. If we were right in adopt-
ing the constitutional amendment, then the
proposition to abrogate it in this way is not
necessary, nor is it desired by the people.
Mr. President, I do not believe that the four-
teenth article ever contemplated the removal
bf disabilities by a general act of Congress. I
think it would be a ^trained construction of the
third section to give it that meaning. "No per-
son shall be a Senator or Representative," &c.,
but "Congress may by a yote of two thirds of
each House remove such disability." When
that amendment was before the people for dis-
cussion it was understood that it was a subject
for action by Congress upon each ease as it
should arise; and there is where it should, be
left. There can be no general law passed that
would not be a violation of the purpose of the
country in adopting this amendment and that
ttiigh't not do injury. While there are many
men who were engaged in the rebellion from
whom we might safely remove their disabilities,
there are others whose disabilities we cannot
safely remove, whom we ought not and we
cannot with proper respect for ourselves admit
into this Chamber—men who have, brought un-
told Suffering and ruin upon the country, who
have caused the death of thousands of our
people and the expenditure of millions of
money, and imposed upon us and our posterity
a burden that is hard to bear. It seems to me
there is much hot haste in proposing to relieve
those men of all disabilities.
When one case is presented that is entitled
to it or deserves it we can act upon it, but not
act by classes or by a general enactment. I
hope that the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut will not be adopted. It cannot be
offered as a substitute for the bill presented by
the Senator from Illinois ; and why? That
proposes to punish men for attempting to hold
office who are made ineligible by the fourteenth
article of amendment; and the amendment of
the Senator from Connecticut proposes to re-
lieve them all upon filing a certain declaration.
Now, suppose they attempted to hold office
even without filing a declaration, without going
through the very cheap process of saying that
they owe paramount allegiance to the Constitu-
tion of the United States. That is the cheapest
possible condition you can put on them. The
veriest rebel in the South now will be willing to
make that declaration. It amounts to nothing.
But suppose one shall attempt to hold office
without even making that declaration, then the
bill brought forward by the Senator from Illi-
nois would be applicable to him. I am in
favor of the bill as reported by the Judiciary
Committee. It was said last summer in the
State of' Kentucky by a very high officer that
this disability of the third section of tne four-
teenth article would not be regarded in the
State of Kentucky, and I am told that it is now
violated and systematically violated in that
State ; that inon are holding office in violation
of that section.
Mr. WILSON. That is so.
Mr. MORTON. _ Therefore wo should pass
this act to prevent it; and if any man presumes
to hold office in violation of the Constitution
of the United States let him be punished, and
let us make it felony and inflict upon him a
punishment that he will feel, not a mere nom-
inal tiling.
Mr. WIIYTE. Mr. President, it seems to
me that this is an entirely new principle to be
ingrafted upon the criminal jurisprudence of
this country. If a man attempts to hold office
who is disqualified in one particular and is to
be punished for it, a man who is disqualified
in another particular ought to be punished in
like manner. There are disqualifications other
than those mentioned in the fourteenth article
of amendment to the Constitution applying to
the same class of officers, Senators, and Rep-
resentatives in Congress. The third section of
the first article of the Constitution, referred to
by the Senator from Illinois a while ago, pro-
vides that <! no person shall be a Senator who
shall not hay.e attained to the age of thirty
years and been cine yasjrs a citizen of the
United States." What would the State of Illi-
nois have thought after the election of General
Shields, in 1849-, to a seat in this Chamber, if
he had been tried and indicted as a felon be-
cause when he presented his credentials here he
laeked'a few, months of having been nine years
a naturalized citizen of the United States?
Suppose any other gentleman of foreign birth
should come into the Senate Chamber not
having-been nine years a naturalized citizen, or
any native citizen not having reached the age
of thirty years, why not provide some legisla-
tion to drag hioi before a court of the United
States and try hiin for the offense of daring to
attempt to hold a seat in this Chamber when
he had not been naturalized a sufficient num-
ber of years or had not reached the requisite
age?
Why, sir, the public feeling would have
revolted against such a thing. Now, what is
the object of this proposition that is before this
body ? Is it to inflict pains and penalties upQu
persons who have offended ; or is it to carry
out the disqualification which is now a part of
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution
and make it effective? If it is merely to carry
out that constitutional amendment the civil
law provides a remedy; there is no need of
any criminal law upon the subject." No roan
can hold an office under the laws of the United
States if he is disqualified. If he goes into
either branch of Congress they turn him out.
If he attempts to hold a judicial office the
attorney general of the State can be instructed
to test his right to hold office under a writ of
quo warranto, and thi re is no occasion for any
criminal procedure whatever.
_ But more than that, I object to this ou prin-
ciple. The disqualification is—
"That no person shall bo a Senator or Represent-
ative in Congress, or elector of President and Yico
1 residont, or hold any office, civil or military, under
the United States, or under any State, who having
previously taken an oath as a member of Congress,
or as an officer of tho United States, or as a member
. any State Legislature, or as an' executive or judi-
cial officer of any State to support the Constitution
of tho United States, shall have engaged in insur-
rection or rebellion against the same, or given aid or
comfort to the enemies thereof."
That is the disqualification. Now, the
amendment proposes that he who shall know-
ingly accept or hold any office under the United
States or any State, who is disqualified under
this clause, shall be held guilty of felony; but
the second section does not require him know-
ingly to attempt to hold that office.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from.
Maryland give way to allow me to ask the Sen-
ate to extend the time for taking a recess until
half past four o'clock?
Several Senators. Oh, no.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask that the time for
taking the recess be extended until half past
four o'clock.
Mr. DAVIS. This debate cannot be got
through by that time.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. I am willing to lay this
bill aside and to take up another one that per-
haps we can pass.
Mr. DAVIS. There is no objection to that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There are several other
bills to which I desire to get the consideration
of the Senate; and if this bill is to be debated
I will consent to lay it aside. I ask that the
time for taking the recess be extended until
half past four o'clock.
_Mr._ FERRY. With the understanding that
this bill is not to be continued?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
The P RESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the time for taking the recess be extended
for half an hour.
The motion was agreed to.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move that the
bill under consideration be postponed until
to-morrow, with a view to taking up another
bill.
The motion was agreed to.
civil rights bill,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move now to take up
for consideration Senate bill No. 827.
