316
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
For surveying the public lands in Nevada,
at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for town-
ship and ten. dollars for section lines, forty
thousand dollars. -
For surveying the public lands m New Mex-
ico, at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per
lineal mile for standard lines, twelve dollars
for township and ten dollars for section lines,
five thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Arisona,
at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for town-
ship and ten dollars for section lines, five
thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in California,
at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for town-
ship and ten dollars for section lines, fifty
thousand dollars'
For surveying the public lands in Oregon,
atrrates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for town-
ship and ten dollars for section lines, fortj
thousand'dollars: Provided, That the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, in his
discretion, may authorize public lands in said
State densely covered with forests or thick
undergrowth to be surveyed at augmented rates
not exceeding: eighteen dollars per mile for
standard parallels, fifteen dollars for township
and twelve dollars for section lines.
For surveying the public lands in. Washing-
ton Territory, At rates'not' exceeding fifteen
dollars per lineal mile for standard lines, twelve
dollars for tow&ship and ten dollars for section
lines, fifteen thousand dollars.
For surveying.the public lands in Utah Ter-
ritory, at ratesnotexceedingfifteen dollareper
mile for standard lines, tiv eI vejdollars for town-
ship and ten dollars foi section lines, twenty-
live thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in the Terri-
tory of Wyoming, at rates not exceeding fifteen
dollars per mile for standard lines, twelve dol-
lars for township and ten. dollars for section
lines,ttwenty-five thousand dollars.
For surveying that part of the eastern bound-
ary of Colorado Territory which lies between
the thirty-seventh and fortieth parallels of north
latitude, estimated two hundred and ten miles,^
at rates not exceeding twenty-five dollars per
mile,, two thousand five hundred and twenty
dollars.
Fpr surveying the northern boundary of
Nevada, estimated three hundred and ten miles,,
at rates not exceeding twenty-five dollars per
mile, seven thousand seven hundred and fifty
dollars.
To complete the survey of tlie.western bound-
ary of Nebraska, thirty-two hundred dollars.
' f0blic "stflldrsgs and*grounds.
For repairs and improvements of public
buildings and grounds heretofore under the
direction of the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings, to wit :r
For casual repairs of the navy-yard pad
upper bridges, three thousand dollars.
For repairs and taking care of the bridge at
or near the Little -falls of the Potomac river,
two thousand dollars.^
For repairs of the Long Bridge across .the
Potomac river, five thousand dollars.
For fuel for the President's House, five thou-
sand dollars.
For improvement and care of reservation
number two, and Lafayette square, two thou*
sand dollars.
For care and improvement of grounds south
of the President's House, five thousand dollars.
For extra labor in removing snow and ice
from the pavements and public walks, five hun-
dred dollars.
For manure for the public grounds and res-
ervations, aud cartage of the same, two thousand
dollars.
For further improvement and care of reser-
vations on New York, Pennsylvania, Massa-
chusetts, Connecticut, Vermont, and Maryland
avenues, three thousand dollars.
For painting iron fences around the public
squares and reservations, three thousand dol-
lars.
For annual repairs of the President's House,
ten thousand dollars.
For flower-pots, glasses, twine, one thousand
dollars.
For fuel for the center building of the Capi-
tol, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For hire of carts on the public grounds, two
thousand dollars.
For purchase and repair of tools used on the
public grounds, one.thousand five hundred
dollars. -
For continuing the work of gradingandfilling
the Capitol grounds, fifteen thousand dollars.
For purchase of - trees and tree-boxes, to
replace, when necessary, sack as have been
planted by the United States, to whitewash tree-
boxes. an^/ences, and to repair pavements in
front of the public grounds, two thousand dol-
lars. - '
Forrepairsof buildings in the Botanical Gar-
den and the erection of suitable iron stands for
plants in new conservatory, four thousand dol-
lars, to be expended by the architect of the
Capitol, under the direction of the joint Com-
mittee on the Library.
' For pay of lamp-lighters, gas-fitting, plumb-
ing,lampposts,lanterns, glass, paints, matches,
materials, and repairs of all sorts, five thou-
sand dollars. *
' For purchase of stationery, books, maps,
plans, office furniture, and contingents of the
office, one thousand dollars.
' To aid in supporting the " National Asso-
ciation for the Belief of Destitute Colored
Women and Children" of this District, five
thousand dollars, to be expended under the
direction of the executive committee of its
board of managers.
. For completingthe iron fencing of the Presi-
dent's grounds on the south- and along the
avenue now being opened between Fifteenth
and Seventeenth streets, including gates,
twenty-seven thousand dollars.
For refurnishing the President's House,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For the purchase of a portrait of the late
President Abraham Lincoln, to be placed in
the Executive Mansion, three thousand dollars,
or so much thereof as may be necessary: Pro-
vided, That said portrait shall be selected by
the incoming President of the United States.
For improvement, care, protection, and re-
pair of seats and fountains in the Capitol
grounds, one thousand dollars.
For repairs and superintendence of the Wash-
ington aquedact, twenty-five thousand dollars.
 miscellaneous.
For national cemeteries, six hundred thou-
sand dollars. . ■
For care, improvement, and repair of the
Congressional burying-ground, to be expended
under the direction of the wardens and vestry
of Christ-church, Washington city, three thou-
sand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
provide for the education and maintenance of
such deaf and dumb of the District of Colum-
bia as cannot command the means to receive
an education, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the support, clothing, medical and moral
treatment of the insane of the Army and Navy,
revenue-cutter and volunteer service, who may
have become insane since their entry into the
service of.the United States, and of the indi-
gent insane of the District of Columbia in the
Government Hospital for-the Insane, including
five hundred dollars for books, stationery, and
incidental expenses, ninety thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For the purchase, by the Secretary of the .
Interior, for the agricultural and economical I
purposes of the institution, one hundred and
fifty acres of land, more or less, with the build-
ings thereon, lying directly east of the present
grounds of the hospital, twenty-three thousand
dollars.
For the National Soldiers' and Sailors'
Orphan Home of the city of Washington, Dis-
trict of Colmnbia, ten thousand dollars, to be
disbursed under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior.
For reimbursing the State of Iowa for ex-
penses incurred and payments made during
the rebellion, as examined, audited, and found
due the State by General Robert. C. Buchanan,
commissioner under the act of Congress ap-
proved July twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six,- two hundred and twenty-nine thou-
sand eight hundred and forty-eight dollars and
twenty-thrae cents: Provided, That the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury shall review
the said claim upon its merits, and allow only
so much, not exceeding said sum, as shall be
just.
For .the care, support, and medical treat-
ment of sixty transient paupers, .medical and
surgical patients, in some proper medical or
charitable institution in the city of Washing-
ton, under a contract to be formed with such
institution, six thousand dollars, or so much
thereof as may be necessary: Provided, That
said contract shall be made by the Surgeon
General of the Army, who shall report to the
December 'session of every Congress, stating
with whom the said contract is made and the
amount and nature thereof. • •
For the contingent fund of the House of
Representatives, to pay to John A. Wimpey
and James H. Christie, of Georgia, John D.
Young, of Kentucky, and James H. Birch, of
Missouri, claimants for seats in the House,
each the sum of one thousand five hundred
dollars, for their expenses severally-in their
contests for such seats ; and the Clerk of the
House is hereby authorized to pay the said
amounts respectively to the persons named.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
provide for the proper maintenance and tui-
tion of the beneficiaries of the United States
in the Columbia Institution for the Deaf and
Dumb, for the- year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, seventeen
thousand five hundred dollars.
For the maintenance and tuition of the same,
for the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and seventy, thirty thousand dollars.
For expenses of the commission to run and
mark the boundary line between the United
States and the British possessions bounding on
Washington Territory, thirteen thousand six
hundred dollars.
Columbia Hospital for Women and Lying-in
Asylum.
For the support of the Asylum, over and
above the probable amount received foi: pay
patients,- ten thousand dollars.
For deficiency in the appropriation for the
relief of the Navajo Indians, now at or near
Fort Sumner, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, eighty
thousand eight hundred and thirteen-dollars
and fifty-eight cents.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted„ That the
Clerk of the House be directed to pay out of
the contingent fund the sum of four hundred
dollars to W. S. Morse, and the sum of one
hundred dollars to Charles S. Shambaugh,
which shall be in full of all claims by them on
account of services rendered to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs in collecting, during the
recess of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, the pa-
pers and evidence respecting artificial limbs
furnished to soldiers.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, Tb&tthe
sum of seven thousand dollars be, and the
same is hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
for the relief of the Mount Vernon Ladies'
