1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
541
Patents of their application for an extension
of patents for improvements for manufactur-
ing paper collars ; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of John
B. Goode, praying a removal of the political
disabilities imposed on him ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the peiition of Thomas
K. Weisinger, pt'-tying the removal of the polit-
ical disabilities imposed on him: which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SPENCER presented the memorial of
the Legislature of Alabama, asking a grant, of
land to aid in the construction of the Eufaula,
Opelika, Oxford, and Guutersville railroad :
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
lie also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Alabama, in favor of aid for improv-
ing the harbor of Mobile ; which were referred
to the Committee on Commerce
He aho presented the memorial of the Legis-
lature of .Alabama, in favor of aid for the im-
provement of the navigation of the Black War-
rior river; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
He also presented the petition of Jones M.
Withers, praying the removal of the political
disabilities imposed 011 him ; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of A. D. Sim-
mons. praying the removal of political dis-
abilities imposed on him ; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CONKUNG presented three petitions
of citizens of Washington county, Missouri,
praying that the land known as the Spanish
claim of Moses Austin may be disposed of to
actual settlersunderthe homestead laws; which
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
He also presented a petition of the trustees
of 1 lie town of Potosi, Missouri, praying the
contii mation of the title to the land on which
tli.it town is situated ; which was referred to
tin- Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of
citizens of Massachusetts, praying that women
be granted the right of suffrage ; which was
referred to the Committee 011 the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
New York, praying that women be granted the
right of suffrage; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
captains and owners of vessels engaged in the
coal trade, and plying between Providence and
Pawtuxet, Rhode Island, and Virginia and the
District of Columbia, praying the intervention
of Congress to protect them from taxes im-
posed on them by States, cities, and sea-port
towns; which was referred to the Committee
011 Commerce.
Mr. McCREERY presented the petition of
John W. I jee, praying compensation for sup-
plies furnished to the quartermaster's depart-
ment; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
KHPOilTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. NYE, from the Committee on Territo-
ries. to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
810) to regulate elections in Washington and
Idaho Territories, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. RICE. I am directed by the Committee
on the Judiciary, to whom was referred the
hill (S No. 182) declaring null and void acts
of confiscation or forfeiture passed by the late
rebel authority, to report it back with the state-
ment, that in their opinion, by the laws as they
now stand, such acts of confiscation arid_for-
feiture are null and void; and the committee
therefore report, adversely on the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULb. from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(tl. R. No. to fix the time for holding
the terms of the United States district courts
ill Virginia, reported adversely thereon. :
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
810) to extend the provisions of the act of
July 4, 1804, limiting the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims to the loyal citizens of the
State of Arkansas, reported adversely thereon.
lie also, trom the same committee, reported
a bill (S. No. 827) to amend an act entitled
An act to protect all persons in the United
States in their civil rights, and to furnish the
means of their vindication," approved April
9, 180li; which was read and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. HARRIS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 692) to amend an
act entitled '' An act concerning notaries pub-
lic in the District of Columbia," to ask its
indefinite postponement.
Mr* POMEROY. 1 hope that bill relating
to notaries public in this District will not be
indefinitely postponed.
The PRESIDEN r pro tempore. It will not
be acted upon il there is any objection to action.
Mr. POMEROY. I object to the indefinite
postponement of that bill.
CANNOX FOR A MONUMHNT.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee 011 Military Affairs to report a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 203) donating cannon
fur a monument to the memory of the late
President Lincoln. I suppose there will be
110 objection to the joint resolution, and I ask
to have it put 011 its passage.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was read twice, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It authorizes the. Secretary of
War to deliver to the Lincoln Monument As-
sociation, of Springfield, Illinois, such quantity
of condemned ordnance as may be necessary
for the castings of a mouument to the memory
of the late President.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, oideied to he
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCKD.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (N.
No. 820) supplementary to an act to incor-
porate a Newsboy's Home; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Commit tee on
the District of Columbia, and ordered to he
printed.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire,
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 828) to define
the jurisdiction of the orphan's court of the
District of Columbia, and for other purposes ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee 011 the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 829)
to incorporate the Calvary Baptist church and
congregation in the city of Washington ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
SUFFRAGE CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate joint
resolution No. 8, proposing an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States. I do
not propose to press it to a vote to day, hut 1
wish the Senate to commence the consideration
of it, so that we can get through with it at an
early day.
The question being put, there "were, on a
division—aves 18, noes 7 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. STEWART, i call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
proceeding at. a very early day to the consid-
eration of that resolution ; but I have an I
amendment which I intended to submit to it,
and 1 desired to submit it with some remarks
upon it. If the resolution is going to be pressed
to-day 1 shall not be prepared to do so.
Mr. STEWAIIT. I presume there will be
no definite action had to-day upon it. There
are amendments to be offered by several Sen-
ators. 1 merely desire to bring the subject
before the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. To take up such a sub-
ject in the morning hour merely for remarks
is hardly customary.
Mr. STEWART. I want to fix a day for
its consideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have upon the table
a great many bills that will take very little
time, and which ought to pass; some of them
of public importance. I have charge of.several
such, and if I could get the attention of the Sen-
ate for half an hour or an hour they could be
passed, and ought to be passed to promote the
public interests. I think there would bo no
objection to them if we could get the consid-
eration of the Senate to them; and the only
opportunity to consider thein is in the morn-
ing hour. Bills of a controverted character
have been under discussion which have taken
up all the time of tbe Senate. Now it is pro-
posed by the Senator from Nevada to call up
a proposition to amend the Constitution in
the morning hour. We shall just use up the
morning hour, and it will prevent the passage
of a good many bills that there would be no
objection to it'we could get attention to thein.
The constitutional amendment doubtless will
be more or less discussed, and we cannot get
through with it in the morning hour. Let it
come up at one o'clock some day and' have
the attention of the Senate, and let us then
hold 011 to it until we get action ; but it. seems
to me we shall accomplish nothing if we take
lip in the morning hour an important matter
of that kind, which unquestionably cannot
pass between now and one o'clock. I think
we had better go on with the ordinary busi-
ness ; and that is the reason why I have voted
against taking it up at this time. It is poor
econotnv ol' time.
Mr. STEWART. The session is drawing to
a close, and if there is to be action on this sub-
ject at this session it is very unpoi taut that it
should be at an early day. Since the resolution
was reported 1 have been trying to get the floor
every day to uige it forward; but it is utterly
impossible to get it up after the morning hour,
I want to call it to the attention of the Senate
particularly. I believe that there is a general I
concurrence that it should be passed at this
session. 1 do not think that it will involve long
discussion ; at all events, I do not propose to
make any protracted remarks, if any, on it. I
do not care to make any. It is an amendment
that is well understood. The principles upon
which it is based have been discussed at great
length at each session for several years, and it
is necessary to get action very soon. I under-
stand that on Monday next the chairman of
the Committee on Finance will occupy the time
of the Senate with business from that commit-
tee, and I do not know for how many days.
When that financial question is opened it may
last a long time; I cannot tell. There is other
business pressing, and I felt called upon this
morning to call this subject to the attention of
the Senate, and as it is very important 1 will
move to make it the special order for Thursday
next. I now desire to call it up for the pur-
pose of making that motion. If we can get to
it 011 Thursday next it will be making prog-
ress. Of course 1 cannot interfere with the
business of Monday next unless the chairman
of the Committee on Finance will give way 011
that day. 1 now ask that the resolution be
taken np, with the view ot making it the special
order for Thursday.
Mr. CONKL1N G. I do not. see why this
proposition may not be voted upon in the
morning hour.without fixing a future day and
without,deferring other business. It relates to
a very important subject, upon which there has
been, and there might still be, indefinite de-
bate ; but, debate upon it would naturally be
conducted for the purpose of influencing those
here who are to listen to the debate. As no
canvass proceeds iu the country now, the
temptation would seem to be slight to debate
