1494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
an equal division of the court in bane in cases
that were taken up from a single judge, the
remedy would be easy; it would be to provide
that the judge who heard the eause separately
should not sit when the cause was heard by
the bench. You would then have a court com-
posed of three judges ; you would' have a
decision without the inconvenience of an equal
division. - That would be an absolute remedy.
The only reason which the Senator gives for
adding a fifth judge which is entitled to con-
sideration is a very different one. He says
that the business of that court is too great for
the four judges to transact, and therefore lie
desires to create a fifth judge. Well, now, sir,
assuming that the facts are so, the conclusion
follows. If there is more business than four
judges can transact, and therefore a necessity
for a fifth judge, of course I interpose no ob-
jection to his creation. Let the bill provide
for a fifth judge, and let the business of that
court, which is now greater than the four can
perform, be performed completely by the five.
But that is a very singular reason to give in
favor of a fifth judge in connection with the
other sections proposing the abolition of the
orphan's court and the transfer of all the
business of that court to the supreme court of
the District. If, indeed, the- business of the
supreme court ia already so large that It is
necessary to have a fifth judge to. discharge it
tha business of the orphan's court ought, not
to be transferred to that .court also, and you
have a reason therefore in the statement made
by the Senator from Illinois against this por-
tion of his amendment which I have moved to
strike out.
Now, sir, as to the first section of the amend-
ment, it is possible that that is proposed with
reference to some recent decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States by which I believe
it was held that a single judge holding a court
could not be considered as constituting the
supreme court of the District, and therefore
something that had been done by him was
overthrown, set aside by the Supreme Court
of the United States. I-care nothing about
that. It is possible that there will be an im-
provement introduced by that first section.
Nor do I interpose any objection to the second
proposition contained in the amendment, the
addition of a fifth judge to the court, although
one of the reasons which the Senator gives is
insufficient; that is, that the court may be
equally divided. I repeat that if you had a pro-
vision that the three judges, neither one of whom
sat on the first hearing, should constitute the
court for hearing the case on appeal, you would
obviate that difliculty. However, I agree en-
tirely with the amendment as to that, because
the Senator insists that that court has too much
business ; that the four judges are not compe-
tentto discharge the business that comes before
that tribunal. I am content to take the judg-
ment of the committee upon that subject, and
to agree to the fifth judge. But as to the third
section, I have heard nothing stated by him
which is sufficient in my opinion to change
the question in my mind from the view which
I entertained of it before; and that is, that this
orphan's court, the people's court, as it is
called by the Senator from Maryland, who is
familiar with its jurisdiction and mode of "busi-
ness, shall not be abolished; that you shall not
take away that jurisdiction and transfer it to
the supreme court of the District, holding spe-
cial terms only for the discharge of business.
It should be constantly open for access of par-
ties and suitors without the intervention of
members of the legal profession, except where
the business is important and where their pro-
iessional services are absolutely necessary.
Mr. FOWLER. I shall be willing to agree
to the first part of this bill because it is stated
that the business of the'Court requires it; but
the last two sections I am opposed to. The
people of the District, so far as my information
goes, are entirely satisfied with the orphans'
court as it stands. I hold in my hand a petition
addressed to the House of Representatives,
signed by quite a number of inhabitants of the
District, and also one addressed to the Senate
signed by over one hundred members of the
bar, including all the leading lawyers of the
city that I know anything of, protesting against
the proposition contained in these sections.
They give the highesf character to- the judge
who holds the orphans' court at the present
tinre. Before that court is destroyed in this
way I should like to have the document read,
and I send it to the Chair for that purpose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the document?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It purports
to be a petition.
Mcj FOWLER. It is a memorial of the
members of the bar of the District of Columbia
protesting against the abolition of the orphans'
court.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope it will not be
read. We cannot do any business if we are
foing to read all the papers that may be sent
ere. Ihope the Senator from Tennessee will
not insist upon the reading of the remonstrance
of these parties. If we go into that there will
be some on both sides to be read probably.
Mr. FOWLER, I will not insist upon it
unless this measure is to be forced upon the
District without any examination whatever.
Mr. TRUMBULL.. It has had examination.
Mr. FOWLER. It has been sprung here
suddenly. I never heard of it until to-day. I
will not insist upon the reading of the memo-
rial, but I will state that it is signed by one
hundred and ten members of the bar. I have
another petition here from m'embers of the bar
of this city, in which they represent that the
salarv of the judge of the orphan's court of
this District is $2,600, and they pray that it may
be increased, and go on to say:
"We are assured that we but express the senti-
ment of this entire community when we say that the
ability, fidelity, vigilance, and ligid impartiality
With which Hon. William S1. Purcell, the present in-
cumbent, has discharged the important and com-
plex duties of this office for the last eighteen years
have reflected upon him the highest oredifc and se-
cured for him the respect and confidence of the peo-
ple generally. We doubt if any judge was ever so
seldom reversed by the appellate courts. The duties
of this court are constantly increasing and aro per-
naps more closely connected with the interests of
the citizens than any other, not only on account of
roasnitude the questions involved but also
of their delicate character."
This is signed by over one hundred members
of the bar. Among those that I know are
Judge Leech, Enoch Tottcn, A. G. Riddle,
and others.
In addition to this there is a petition on file
signed by the wealth and talent and property
holders of this city representing $100,000,000,
praying that there be 110 change in the judge
of the orphan's court jir tfie laws governing
that tribunal. I do rot want to detain the
Senate any longer on the subject.
ThcPRESIDENT_pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania to the amendment of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WHYTE called for the yeas and mt3's;
and they were ordered. -
Mr. FOWLER. I think this is very hasty
action on the part of the committee at this stage
of the session, affecting the interests of all the
people of this District who have not been con-
sulted on the subject. Once in thirty-three
years the whole property of the District passes
through the hands of this court. There are
hundreds of persons who are not able to fee
lawyers who have their business transacted and
transacted promptly by the orphans' court who
could not have it attended to in the same way
if it was transferred to the supreme court, which
is engaged for weeks or months at a time on
other matters. It is known to me that the busi-
ness of the other courts is sogreatt'nat an addi-
tional judge is deemed to be necessary, and they
have so mueh other business to do as to prevent
their giving proper attention to this.
I am, therefore, of opinion that before so im-
portant a change is made we should be thor-
oughly posted in regard to the matter, and we
should have a report from some committee on
the subject. I should greatly prefer to have a
report from the Committee on the District of
Columbia, who have charge of the interests of
this people who have no representative here
to speak for them or to take any interest in their
affairs. They are not like the people of the
States or the people of a Territory—they have
no Delegate, no member of Congress, to repre-
sent them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The time
fixed for' taking a recess having arrived, the
Senate will, according to order, take a recess
until seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate resumed its session at seven
o'cloek p. m.
SUBMARINE TELEGRAPH CABLE.
■Mr. STEWART. I desire to enter a motion
to reconsider the vote passing the joint resolu-
tion IS. R. No. S28) authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to admit free of duty certain
submarine telegraph cable, which was passed
this morning. . I desire to amend it. I move
that an order be sent to the Honse of Repre-
sentatives requesting its return. I desire to
move to reconsider it in the morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sec-
retary will be directed to ask the return of the
joint resolution from the House of Represent-
atives;
THE SHIP AGEA.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to take up for
consideration Senate bill No. 882, to authorize
the" Secretary of the Treasury to issue an
American register or enrollment andlicense to
the ship Agra, of Boston.
Mr. FESSlSNDEN. That is the bill that
was debated so much the other day.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is no serious
opposition to it.
Mr. FESSBNDEN. It was objected to
strongly by the Senator from Nevada, [Mr.
NTE.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it had better
lie over for the present.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
in relation to the ship Agra will lie over.
TONKAGE DUTY ON SPANISH VESSELS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to take up for
consideration House bill No. 1804.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1864) for the repeal
of tonnage duties on Spanish vessels. It pro-
poses to repeal the act entitled "An act con-
cerning tonnage duty on Spanish vessels," ap-
proved June 30, 1834, and the first, second,
and fourth sections of the act entitled "Anaot
concerning tonnage duty on Spanish vessels,"
approved July 13, 1882 and to provide that
of Spanish vessels coming from any port or
place in Spain or her colonies, where no dis-
criminating or countervailing duties on ton-
nage are levied upon vessels of the United
States, or from any other port or place to and
with which vessels of the United States are
ordinarily permitted to go and trade, there
shall be exacted in the ports of the United
States no other or greater duty or tonnage
than is or shall be exacted of vessels of the
United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment. Ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
SUBMARINE TELEGRAPH CABLE.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No.' 731.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 731) to author-
ize the New York, Newfoundland, and Lon-
don Telegraph Company to land its submarine
cable upon the shores of the United States.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. When this
bill was last under consideration an amend-
