1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
543
gi-ess may submit amendments to conventions
of the States, ami if my colleague will look at
the Constitution he will see that the subject is
left, I might say. almost in an obscure state as
to the mode in which an amendment to the
Constitution is to he presented to conventions.
The language is, that it may be submitted to
the Legislatures or conventions. The question
would at once arise, how shall that convention !
be chosen? I take it, there would be power in
Congress, under ihe clause which gives Con-
gress power to pass all laws necesearv to cairy
the Constitution into effect, to provide for the
mode of choosing that convention. I think
that is a constitutional power.
Mr. FERRY. The question I ask is. would
my coiieague have the power exorcised?
Mr. DIXON. That is a question of policy
which would require consideration, if it were
necessary to accomplish the great purpose of
enabling the people to pass upon this subject
in the proper manner I would not object to it.
If it is a constitutional power existing, it would
certainly bo 110 encroachment. Whether that
would be proper or necessary, I will say to ray
colleague, I do not know; that, would be a
question tor after consideration ; but [ can tell
liiin that it would be far better for Congress
to pass a law on the subject providing for a
proper mode—that is.ifCongress has the power,
if the power exists—than to submit this ques-
tion to a body which cannot express the opin-
ions of the people. It is ceitainly important,
that the people should have the oppoitumty to
expiess their sentiments 011 this question. In
the State of Connecticut, our unfortunate, I
may say rotten-borough system of representa-
tion, gives the city of New Haven, with fifty
thousand inhabitants and nearly ten thousand
voters, the same iepresentation itytlie Legis-
lature which the smallest town in the State has
with only one hundred and fifty voters. That
is the mode of lepresentation in the State of
ConiH'Ctieut, to-day. The city of Hartford and
the city of New Haven, with nearly twenty
thousand voters between them, and paying
more, than one fifth of the, whole State taxes
of the State, if I am not mistaken, have only
four 1 eprcsentatives in the Legislature. This
sometimes works a grievance. It tnav, 1 agree,
sometimes work for the advantage of the peo-
ple of the State, and perhaps of Ihe whole
country. It sometimes sends a Senator to this
body who misrepresents the people of the State.
It may in particular instances, as in the very
ease which now exists, work perhaps for the
advantage of the people of the State in the'
election of my most worthy and estimable suc-
cessor. But, sir, there is a prejudice, peihaps
not umeasonable, in the minds of the people of
this country in favor of the Legislature re-
sponding to the sentiments of the people of
the State, and although in the choice of a
•Senator it may not be of as much importance,
because that is, although for a term of some-
what, long duration, after all rather temporary,
still in a change of the fundamental law of the |
country with regard to suffrage it is important.
I will say one word more with regard to the
question proposed by my colleague. If it is
necessary to answer it further, I will say to
him frankly that I do not know what would be
the proper mode of choosing the convention.
It occurred to me, as I looked at the Consti-
tution, that it was somewhat difficult to say
how it should be done, but I think it could be
provided for. and 1 have no doubt his ingenuity
would enable him to devise a mode by which
conventions could be chosen in the States which
should represent the sentiments of the people
of those States; and that is all I desire in this
connection.
Air. TERRY. I wish it, to be understood
that the drift of my colleague's argument is,
that in submitting this amendment to the Con-
stitution to the people of Connectieutlie would
have our system of representation changed, not
by the act'of the people of that State, bat by
act of Congress. Such is the drift of his argu-
ment.
Mr. DIXON. One word further, with the
consent of the Senate, on that question. I do
not know that there is any other method of
changing the mode of representation. Perhaps
it might be submitted to the Legislature. I do
not know but that Congress would have power
to authoiize the Legislature to point out the
mode in which the convention should be chosen;
but at any rate, if Congress is to do it, it
should be remembered that it is to do it by ex-
isting power and authority. If the power ex-
ists in Congress, then there is nothing very
shocking to my mind in the exercise of the
power.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not desire to inter-
rupt this discussion, hut simply wish to say
that it is far from my desire to put any obsta-
cle or stumbling-block in the way of the pas-
sage of the resolution. I am for the enfran-
chisement of every human being in this country
who is an American citizen. But if we are
going to change the fundamental law I do not
propose to allow the States to make any ine-
qualities among their citizens unless they have
couinutted crime. The equality of the citizen
is the doctrine which, so far as I am con-
cerned, I shall insist upon putting into the
Constitution of the United States a-j a part of
the fundamental law.
Mr. GRIMES. Without regard to sox or
color?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir; without regard
to sex or color. If the resolution is to be post-
poned, as I suppose it is to be, 1 shall prepare
an amendment looking in that direction.
Mr. WILSON'. 1 wish to inquire of* the
Chair if the question before the Senate is not
on the postponement of this subject, to next
Thursday, and making it a special assignment
for that day?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tho ques-
tion is on postponing the, further consideration
of the joint resolution until Thursday next,
and making it the special order for one o'clock
on that day.
Mr. POMEROY. There can be no object
in making it a special order. The unfinished
business takes precedence of a special order,
and nothing can be gained by making this reso-
lution a special order.
Mr. STEWAKT. I hope it will be made a
special order.
Mr. WILSON", (to Mr. Stewart.) Do not
contend for that. It will not make any difference.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It takes two thirds to
make it a special order.
Mr. STEWART. 1 have no doubt there
will bo two thirds willing to make it a special
order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Special orders are very
embarrassing to the transaction of business at
this period of tho session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I may as well give notice
now that I feel bound, by what 1 stated the
other day, to call up the currency bill reported
from the Committee on Finance on Monday
next, and I trust the Senate will then be pre-
pared to take up and consider that subject, and
kindred subjects that may be presented byineiu-
bers of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you mean the cur-
rency bill regulating the national banks, oi
respecting tho public debt?
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill I reported on
Monday last; and I now give notice that in
three days, which I think will be sufficient, I
hope to secure action of the Senate upon that
bill. I shall therefore vote for the proposition j
of my honorable friend from Nevada, hoping
that in three days we may dispose of the other •
subject. I
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask leave to submit j
an amendment as an additional section to the j
proposed article of amendment to the Consti- I
tution which has been called up, which I desire j
to have printed. -
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order j
to print will be made if there be no objec- i
tion. The question now is on postponing the j
further consideration of the joint resolution ;
until Thursday next, and making it the special I
order for that day at one o'clock. That motion !
requires the concurrence of two thirds of the
Senate, and the yeas and nays will have to be
called if there is any opposition to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to special
orders at this period of the session. They
always prove exceedingly embarrassing to the
transaction of business, and it was for that
reason that the Senate changed the rule so as
to require a two-thirds vote to make a special
order. I hope it will not be done in this in-
stance. I have no doubt the Senator from
Nevada can call up this resolution on Thurs-
day next without making it a special order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The railroad bill was
made a special order the other day, I think.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; there has been no
special order this session, I believe.
Mr. FESS END EN. I will not object to the
resolution being postponed until next Thurs-
day, and 1 have no doubt the Senator can call it
up then. I shall probably vote for taking it up.
Mr. STEWART. I do not know whether I
can get it up or not.. That is the trouble.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There will be no diffi-
culty about it, judging by the vote this morning.
Mr. POMEliOY. Theie is no advantage in
making it a special order.
Mr. S 1'EW ART. There are two advantages
that will be secured bv making it a special order.
Mr. GRIMES. What are they?
Mr. STEWART. In the first place, we
shall secure the attention of the Senate to ihe
subject at, that time, and it will take a vote of
the Senate to put it, out of tho way ; but if it
is not made a special order I have no doubt
that it will be antagonized by a dozen meas-
ures on that occasion, and one of them may
obtain precedence of it, because somebody
will be very likely toget the floor before I can.
Then, again, if it is made a special order it will
be a decision by the Senate that they intend
to consider it at that time. This is a very
important subject. By postponing it until
Thursday its consideration is put oil' until wo
hear from tho House of Representatives.
! They will probably take action to-day, and
I sufficient time will be allowed for action by
i our committee, if it should bo deemed neees-
j sary, and we can dispose of the matter next
! week. I hope we shall have a vole on the
I question whether the joint resolution shall be *
i made a special order or not. I want to take
; the sense of the Senate on that point,
j Mr. FESSENDEN. As I shall not vote to
I make any subject a special order at this period
j of the session, 1 ask for the yeas and nays on
[ the motion. It is a matter of indifference to
i me how the Senate decide it.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. The yeas
and nays will have to be called, as there is
opposition to the motion.
Mr. POMEROY. Is the motion susceptible
of division ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks not.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 37, nays II ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
Conklinst, Contiess, C'oibett,, Cragin, Brake, iid-
iinui'ls, i'Vi i y.l'reluiKhuysen, Grimes, Harlan. Iiow~
iint,Howe, McDonald, Mm-nlt of Vermont, Melton,
Nye, Ofiborn, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pool,
Kice, lioss, K.uvycr, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner,
Thayer, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, 'Warner,
Willpy, Williams, and -Wilson—57.
N AY S—Messrs. Ji.iyunJ, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle,
Fessenileii, Hendricks, MeCteery, Noi ton, Patterson
ot Tennt^oe. Viokors, ami Whyte—11.
ADSUNT— AIcsm's. Abbott, Anthony, Buckalew,
r owior, Harris, Henderson, Kellogg, Morgau, Jlonili
ot >iaino, Pomoroy. Kainsey, Kobertson, Saul-^bn^y,
Spencer, Sprague, Tipton, Welch, and Yates—18.
So (two thirds voting affirmatively) the joint
resolution was made the special order for
Thursday next at one o'clock.
MESSAGE FltOM TIIIJ HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhbrsox, its Clerk, announced
that the House passed a bill (II. R. No. 1758)
to incorporate ''The Masonic Mutual Relief
Association of the District of Columbia;" in
which it. requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
