1496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
consider the bill (S. No. 755) to define the limits
of the collection district of Teche, in the State
of Louisiana, and for other purposes.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
bill with amendments.
The first amendment of the committee was
to strike out the first section of the bill after
the enacting clause, in the following words :
That all the waters of the river Teche, and all the
shores, bays, and rivers east of the river Atcbafalaya
and west of thMississippi river, from PbiQueruine,
in the parish of Iberville, to Donakbonviile, in the
parish of Ascension, to the bayou Lafourche, thence
down said bayou on its eastern side to the sea, theue©
by the sea to the western limits of the State of Iidu-
ieiana, to wit: the, east bank of the Sabine river be,
and the same is hereby, constituted and erected into
and made the collection district of Teche, in the State
of Louisiana.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That all that portion of the State of Louisiana de-
scribed as follows, to wit: commencing at the town
of Plaquemine, in the parish of Iberville; tbenee
down the western hank> of the Mississippi river to
the town of Bonaldsonville, in the parish of Ascen-
sion ; thence down the bayou Lafourche and along
its eastern bank to the sea; thence westerly along
the coast, including all the islands, hays, &c., to the
mouth of the Sabine river; thence up the said Sabine
river along its eastern bank toa pointd-ue west from
tho said town of Plaquemine, and thence to theplace
of begin ning, shall be, and-the same is hereby,consti-
tuted and created the collection distrctof the Teche.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line two, after the word " district," to insert
" shall reside at Brashier City, which shall be
the port of entry for the said district of the
Teche, andso that the section will read:
Sec. 2, And be it further enacted. That the collector
of said district shall reside at Brashier City, which
shall be the port of entry for the said district of the
loehe, and shall be entitled to and receive a salary
of $1,000 yearly, exclusive of fees of office; said salary
to cover all expenses to the United States for house
rent and storage.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I move further to amend the
bill by striking out the last two sections.
The Chief Clerk read the sections proposed
to be stricken out, as follows:
_ Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That acts inoon-
nsteut with this act be, and the same are hereby,
repealed.
Sec. 4. Andbe it further enacted, That this shall take
I'Hect and be in force from and after its
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to know
why those sections are to be stricken out?
^ ^ Mr. COLE. They are entirely superfluoas.
l'liey have no force.
Mr. CHANDLER. They are customary in
ixll bills of this character.,
Mr. COLE. All acts inconsistent with this
act are, of course, repealed by it so far as they
are inconsistent, and it will take effect imme-
diately after its passage without any provision
of that kind.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is customary to state
when a bill shall take effect. I have no par-
ticular objection, however, to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendments were con-
curred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
sale of ships to belligerents.
Mr. CHANDLER. I.now move that the
senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 94.
Ihe motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed, the consideration of the bill (S. No.
94) declaratory of the law with regard to the
sale of ships to friendly belligerents. •
_ PRLS1DEN" Tpro tempore. Thepend-
session of. Congress.
Mr, CHANDLER. . And it was reconsid-
ered on your motion.
a ^r-'t -PETERSON, of- New Hampshire.
And it was reconsidered on tny motion. The
same subject has been before the Committee
on ij oreign Relations on a memorial introduced
into the Senate and referred to our committee,
signed bv Mr. Forbes and several other gentle-
men of Boston. The committee have had the
whole matter under consideration, and this
morning reported a bill on that subject. We
have reported only in part upon the subject
which was referred to the committee; and it is
proposed by the committee to take up the sub-
ject at the opening of the next session of Con-
gress and report in fall upon all the matters
under consideration. I think this bill had
better be deferred forthe present) and let action
be taken on the_ bill which has been reported
from the Committee on Foreign .Relations. Ihe
substance of the bill which 'js now before us
will be reported by that committee with some
changes.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will state that the
Committee on Commerce have givep. this sub-
ject very thorough consideration,, and were
unanimously of the opinion that the bill ought
to pass. There, was no objection except from
the Senator from New Hampshire to the pas-
sago of the bill, if I remember rightly, and I
understood the Senator from Hew Hampshire
to say that he should make no further objection
to the passage of the bill.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. If
the gentleman will permit me I will state how
that matter stood. I moved to reconsider the
vote on the passage of the bill, and npon the
solicitation of the Senator from Michigan and
others who were interested in the ease, the
Messrs. Forbes, of Boston, I said to the Sen-
ate thatldid not caretotaketheresponsibility
of holding that bill; but others objected to its
passage. The Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] and also the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. _ Henderson] prepared amendments to
the bill, which they proposed to offer; but the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce did
not press the bill, and it was not finally acted
upon at that session. There are very serious
questions involved in it as to our neutrality
laws. The question is whether an armed ves-
sel shall be sold to a friendly Power at war
with another nation with which we are at peace.
I have no doubt myself that as a mere com-
mercial transaction we have the right to sell
the vessel; and yet I think this bill ought not
to be pressed upon the Senate when there are
so few present, as it is a very important matter
and involves grave questions of international
law.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection to
the bill lying over until the Senate becomes
fuller to-night. I am clearly of the opinion
that the bill ought to pass. The Committee on
Commerce consulted with members of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, the chairman of
that committee, and others, and both commit-
tees, so far as we could learn, wore unanimously
of the opinion that the bill ought to pass. It
was prepared at the instigation of the ship-
building and ship-owninginterests ofthe United
States, and was very numerously petitioned for.
But I am willing that the oill should lie over
informally until "the Senate becomes fuller;
and I make that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be passed over informally if no objection
be made.
name of steamship aries.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that theSenate
proceed to the cousideratioq, of Seaate joint
resolution No. 214.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 2X4) changing the name
of the steamship Aries, of the Philadelphia'and
Boston steamship line,, to that of Spartan was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Thejointresolution was reported to theSenate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and
jtjk-bkaring animals in alaska.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 735.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. Nov 735) to prevent the
extermination of fur-bearing animals in Alaska,
and to protect the eitizens thereof.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
bill with an amendment to strikeout all after
the enacting clause and to insert the following
in lieu thereof:
That it shall be unlawful to kill any fur seal upon
the Islands of St. Paul and St. George, or in the
waters adjacent thereto, except daring the months
of June, July, September, andOctober.in each year;
and it shall be unlawful to kill such seals at anytime
by the use of lire-arms: Provided. That the natives
or said islands shall the privilege of killing
such yaung seals as may he absolutely necessary.for
their own food and clothing during other months,
and also sueli old seals as may be required for their
own clothing and for the manufacture of boats for
their own use, whioh killing shall be limited and
controlled by such regulations as shall be prescribed
by the Seoretary of the Treasury.
'Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it shall be
unlawful to kill any female seal, or any seal less
than one year old, at any season of the year except
as above provided; and it shall also be unlawful to
kill any seal in 'the waters adjacent to said islands,
or on the beaches, clitfs, or rocks .where they haul up
from the_ sea to remain ; and any person.who shall
violate either of the provisions of this or the first
section of this act shall be punished, on oonvietion
thereof, for each offense, by a fine ot not less than
#200 nor more than $1,000, or by imprisonment not
exceedingsix months, or by such fine and imprison-
ment both', at the discretion of the court having
jurisdiction and taking cognizance of the offense;
and all'vessels, their taokle, apparel, and furniture,
whose crews sha-ll be found engaged in the violation
of any of the provisions of this act, shall be forfeited
to the United States.
Sec. 3, And be it further enacted. That for the period
of fifteen years from and afterthe passage of this act
the number of fur seals which may be killed for their
skins upon the Island of St. Paul is hereby' lim-
ited and restricted to seventy-five thousand per an-
num; and the number of fur seals which may be
killed for their skins upon the Island of St. George
is hereby limited and restricted to twenty-five thou-
sand per annum: Provided, That the Seoretary of
the Treasury shall, is any contract made-by author-
ity of this act, reserve the power to restrict and limit
the right of killing, if it shall become necessary lor
the preservation of such seals, with such proportion-
ate reduction of the rents reserved to the Govern-
ment as shall ,-be right and proper; and if any person
shall knowingly violate "either of the provisions of
this section he shall,, .upon due conviction thereof,
bo punished in the same way as is provided herein
for a violation of the provisions of the first and sec-
ond sections of this act.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That immediately
after the passage of this act the Secretary of the
Treasury shall lease separately, to the best advan-
tage, for a term of fifteen years from the 1st day of
April next, the right to engage in the business of
taking fur seals on the islands of St. Paul and St.
George, and to send a vessel or vessels to said islands
for the skins of such seals, giving to the lessee or les-
sees of each island a lease duly executed, in dupli-
cate, not transferable, and taking from the lessee
or lessees of the Island of St. Paul a bond with
sufficient sureties in a sum not less than $125,000,
and from the lessee or lessees of the Island of St.
George a bond.of like sureties in a sum no-t loss than
-310.000, conditional forthe faithful observance of all
the laws and requirements of Congress and of the
regulations of the Secretary of the Treasury touch-
ing the subject-matter of taking fur seals and dis-
posing of the same, and for the payment of all taxes
and dnes accruing to the United States connected
therewith. And in making 3aid leases the Secretary
of the-Treasnry shall have due regard to the preser-
vation of the seal fur trade of snid islands and the
support of the natives thereof. Th-esaid lesseessliall
furnish to the several masters of vessels employed
by 'hem certified copies of the leases held by them
respectively, which shall be presented to tho Gov-
ernment revenue officer for the time being who may
be in charge at the said islands, as the authority of
the party for landing and taking skins.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That at the ex-
piration ofsaid termof fifteen years, or on surrender
or forfeiture of any lease, other leases may be made
in manner as aforesaid for other terms of fifteen
years; but no persons other than America® eitizens
shall bepermitted, by lease or otherwise, to occupy
said islands, or either of them, for the purpose of
taking the skins of fur seals thefefrom. nor shall any
foreign vessel be engaged in taking such skins; and
the Secretary of tho Treasury shall vacate and de-
clare any lease forfeited if the same be held or oper-
ated for the use, benefit, or advantage, directly
or indirectly, of any person or persons other than
America,ncitizens. Kvery lease shall contain aeov-
enant on thepart of tne lessee that he wilinot keep,
sell, furnish, giva, or'dispose of any distilled spirits
or spiritudus liquors "on eitliel-of said islands to any
of the natives thereof, such person not being a phy-
sician and furnishing tho same for use as medicine;
and anyperson who shall kill any fur seal on either
ot said islands, or in the waters adjacent thereto,
(excepting natives, as provided by this act,) without
authority of tho lessees thereof, or either of them,
and. any person who shall molest, disturb, or interfere
With sfcid lessees, or either of them, or their agents
or employes in the lawful prosecution of their busi-
ness under the provisions ofthi<3 act,shall be deemed
guilty of a^rai&aemea.nor, and shall for each offense,
^conviction thereof, be punished in the same way
and by like penalties ag prescribed in the second
