1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
321
Laws of the United States.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
entire expense of prison and prison-keepers
at the consulate of Bankok, in Siam, shall here-
after not exceed the sum of one thousand dol-
lars annually; and the salary of the interpreter
shall not exceed the sum of five hundred dol-
lars annually ; and no salary shall hereafter
be allowed the marshal a{ that consulate; and
the annual salary of the consul at Barikok shall
be three thousand dollars, to commence July
first, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
Chap. CXXYI.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the Service of the Post Office De-
partment during the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated for
the service of the Post Office Department for
the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, out of any moneys in the
Treasury arising from the revenues of the said
Department, in- conformity to the act of the
second of July, eighteen hundred and thirty-
six :
For inland mail transportation, including
pay of route agents, postal clerks, and mail
messengers, thirteen million thirty-seven thou-
sand six hundred and fifty-three dollars: Pro-
vided, That no part of said sum shall be paid
for inland transportation between Fort Aber-
erombie and Helena.
For foreign mail transportation, four hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars.
For ship, steamboat, and way letters, eight
thousand dollars.
For compensation to postmasters, four mil-
lion five hundred and forty-six thousand dollars.
For clerks for post offices, two million dollars.
For payments to letter-carriers, one million
dollars.
For wrapping-paper, fifty thousand dollars.
For twine, twenty thousand dollars.
For letter-balances, four thousand dollars.
For compensation to blank agents and assist-
ants, eight thousand dollars.
For office furniture, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For advertising, forty thousand dollars: Pro-
vided, That no part of this sum shall be paid
to any papers published in the District of Co-
lumbia for advertising mail routes, except in
Virginia and Maryland.
For postage stamps and stamped envelopes,
five hundred thousand dollars.
For detecting and preventing mail depreda-
tions and for special agents, one hundred thou-
sand dollars : and no greater sum shall be paid
special agents than is hereby provided.
B'or mail-bags, and mail-bag catchers, one
hundred and twenty thousand dollars.
For mail locks,, keys, and stamps, thirty-
seven thousand dollars: _ '
For miscellaneous payments, including pay-
ment of balances to foreign countries, eight
hundred and seventy-five thousand dollars.
' For preparing and pu-blisbing post-route
maps, sixteen thousand dollars.
Forretransfer to money-order account, being
money transferred by postmasters and depos-
ited in the Treasury as postage receipts, one
million dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, x hat the
following sums, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, be, and the same are hereby, appro-
priatedfor the year ending June thirtieth, eight-
een hundred and seventy, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, viz:
For steamship service between San Bran-
cisco, Japan, and China, five hundred thousand
dollars.
For steamship service between the United
States and Brazil, one hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars.
40th Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 21.
For steamship service between San Fran-
cisco and the Sandwich Islands, seventy-five
thousand dollars.
For supplying deficiency in the revenues of
the Post Office Department for the fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy, five million seven hundred and forty
thousand dollars.
-Approved, March 8, 1869.
Chap. CXXVII.—An Act to authorize the
Transfer of Lands granted to the Union
Pacific Railway Company, Eastern Division,
between Denver and the point of its con-
nection with the Union Pacific Railroad, to
the Denver Pacific Railway and Telegraph
Company, and to expedite the Completion
of Railroads-to Denver, in the Territory of
Colorado.
Be it enacted by the Sen ate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Union Pacific
Railway Company, eastern division, be, and
it hereby is, authorized to contract with the
Denver Pacific Railway and Telegraph Com-
pany, a corporation existing under the laws of
the Territory of Colorado, for the construction,
operation, and maintenance of that part of its
line of railroad and telegraph between Denver
City and its point of connection with the Union
Pacific railroad, which point shall be at Chey-
enne, and to adopt the road-bed already graded
by said Denver Pacific Railway and Telegraph
Company as said line, and to grant to said Den-
ver Pacific Railway and Telegraph Company
the perpetual use of its right of way and depot
grounds, and to transfer to it all the rights and
privileges, subject to all the obligations per-
taining to said part of its line.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
said Union Pacific Railway Company, eastern
division, shall extend its railroad and telegraph
to a connection at the city of Denver, so as to
form with that part of its line herein authorized
to be constructed, operated, and maintained by
the Denver Pacific Railway and Telegraph
Company, a continuous line of railroad and
telegraph from Kansas City, by way of Denver
to Cheyenne. And all the provisions of law
for the operation of the Union Pacific railroad,
its branches and connections, as a continuous
line, without discrimination, shall apply the
same as if the road from Denver to Cheyenne
had been constructed by the said Union Pa-
cific Railway Company, eastern division; but
nothing herein shall authorize the said eastern
division company to operate the road or fix the
rates of tariff for the Denver Pacific Railway
and Telegraph Company.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That said
companies are hereby authorized to mortgage
their respective portions of said road, as herein
defined, for an amount not exceeding thirty-
two thousand dollars per mile, to enable them
respectively to borrow money to construct the
same; and that each of said companies shall
receive patents to the alternate sections of land
along their respective lines of road, as herein
defined, in like manner and within the same
limits as is provided by law in the case of lands
granted to the Union Pacific Railway Com-
pany, eastern division: Provided, That neither
of the companies hereinbefore mentioned shall
be entitled to subsidy in United States bonds
under the provisions of this act.
Approved, March 3, 1809.
Chap. CXXVIIL—An Act to provide for the
Execution in the District of Columbia of
Commissions issued by the Courts of the
States and Territories of the United States
or of Foreign Nations, and for taking Depo-
sitions to be used in such Courts.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That any parly to any suit
depending in any court of any State or 'lerri-
tory of the United States, or of any foreign
nation, may obtain the testimony of any witness
residing in; or temporarily within, the District
of Columbia, to be used in such suit. When a
commission to take such testimony shall have
issued from the court in which such suit Is
pending, or a notice shall have been given ac-
cording to the rules of practice prevailing- in
such court, on producing the same to a justice
of the supreme court of the District of Colum-
bia, and on due proof being made to "such offi-
cer that the testimony of any witness.residing
in the District, or temporarily within it, is ma-
terial to the party desiring the saine, such officer
shall issue a summons to such witness, requir-
ing him to appear before the commissioners
named in such commission or notice to testify
to such suit. Such summons shall specify the
time and place at which sueh witness is re-
quired to attend, which shall be,within the
District of Columbia.
Sue. 2. And be it further enacted, That if a
suit be pending in any court of any State or
Territory of the United States, or of any foreign
nation, and it shall satisfactorily appear by
affidavit to any officer named in the next pre-
ceding section, or to the judge of the orphans'
court, or any commissioner for the taking of
depositions appointed by the supreme court of
the District—
First. That any person residing or tempo-
rarily dwelling in the District of Columbia is
a material witness for either party to such suit;
Secondly. That no commission or notice to
take the testimony of such witness has been
issued or given ; and
Thirdly. That according to the course and
practice of the court in which such suit is pend-
ing, the deposition of a witness taken without
the presence and consent of both parties will
be received on the trial or hearing of such
suit;
Such officer shall issue his summons requir-
ing such witness to appear before him at a place
within the District at some reasonable time to
testify in such suit.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
officer before whom such witness shall appear
shall take down his testimony in writing, and
shall certify and transmit the same to the court
before which such suit is pending in such man-
ner as the practice of the court may require.
If any person shall refuse or neglect to appear
at the time and place mentioned in the sum-
mons issued in accordance with this act, or if,
on his appearance, he shallrefuseto testify, he
shall be liable to the same penalties as would
be incurred for a like offense on the trial of a
suit.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That
every witness appearing and testifying under
this act shall be entitled to receive from the
party at whose instance he has been summoned
the fees now provided by law for each day he
shall give attendance.
Approved, March 3, 1S69.
Chap. CXX1X.—An Act granting the Right
of Way to the Walla-Walla and Columbia
River Railroad Company, and for other
purposes.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the right of way
through the public lands be, and the same is
hereby, granted to the Walla-Walla and Co-
lumbia River Railroad Company, a corporation
existing under the laws of the Territory of
Washington, and duly incorporated for the
purpose of constructing a railroad from said
town of Walla-Walla to some eligible point <5n
the navigable waters of said Columbia river,
in said Territory; said right of way hereby
granted to said railroad is to the exterit of one
hundred feet in width on each side'of said road
where it may pass over the public lands ; also,
all necessary ground, not to exceed'five acres
