322
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
40th Cong. ... 3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
at each station, for station buildings, work-
shops, depots, machine-shops, switches, side-
tracks, turn-tables, and water-stations.^
Sec. 2. And he it further enacted, That the
county commissioners of the county of Walla-
Walla, in the Territory of Washington, be, and
they are hereby, authorized and empowered to
aid in the construction of the Walla- Wallaand
Columbia River railroad by subscribing to the
capital stock of said Walla-Walla and Colum-
bia River Railroad Company in the name and
on behalf of said county of Walla-Walla, and
by issuing bonds of said county, payable at
such time as said commissioners shall think
proper, and bearing interest of not more than
eight per cent, per annum, in payment for said
stock so by them taken in said railroad com-
pany, or by issuing bonds, bearing interest as
aforesaid, as a loan to said company, to be used
in the construction of said road, or to aid said
company in the construction of said road by
the credit of said county in any other manner
the said commissioners may think proper:
Provided, That the said subscription, loan, or
other aid so given by said commissioners to
said company shall in no case exceed the sum
of three hundred thousand dollars: And pro-
vided further, That the said subscription, loan,
or other aid, shall have been submitted to the
people of said county and been voted for by
three fourths of the legal vote cast at an elec-
tion held for that purpose: And provided fur-
ther, That if said vote be taken at a special
election, the notice shall be the same as pro-
vided by the laws of said Territory for general
elections.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
county commissioners of the county of Walla-
Walla, in the Territory of Washington, be, and
they are hereby, authorized and empowered to
hold a special election, at such times as they
maydesignate, after twenty days' public notice,
which said election shall be governed by the
general laws of the Territory upon the subject
of elections, at which election the aid to be
given by said county to said Walla-Walla and
Columbia River Railroad Company, either by
subscriptions to stock or otherwise, shall be
submitted to and be voted upon by the legal
voters of said county in such manner as said
commissioners may designate: Provided, That
this grant is made upon the express condition
that any effort by said company hereafter to
obtain any land grant, subsidy, or pecuniary
aid from the United States Government shall
work a forfeiture of this grant.
Approved, March 3," 1869.
Chap. CXXX.—An Act regulating theReports
of National Banking Associations.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Souse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in lieu of all reports
required by section thirty-four of the national
currency act, every association shall make to
the Comptroller of the Currency not less thau
five reports during each and every year, ac-
cording to the form which may be prescribed
by him, verified by the oath or affirmation of
the president or cashier of such association,
and attested by the signature of at least three
of the directors; which report shall exhibit, in
detail and under appropriate heads, the re-
sources and^ liabilities of the association at the
close of business on any past day to be by him
specified, and shall transmit such report to the
Comptroller within five days after the receipt
ot a request or requisition therefor from him ;
and the report of each association above re-
quired, in the same form in which it is made
to the Comptroller, shall be published in a
newspaper published in the place where such
association is established, or if there be no
newspaper in the place, then in the one pub-
lished nearest thereto in the same county, at
the expense of the association; and such proof
of publication shall be furnished as may be
required by the Comptroller. And the Comp-
troller shall have power to call for special re-
ports from any particular association whenever
in his judgment the same shall be necessary in
order to a full and complete knowledge of its
condition. Any association failing to make and
transmit any such report shall be subject to a
penalty of one hundred dollars for each day
after five days that such bank shall delay to
make and transmit any report as aforesaid;
and in case any association shall delay or re-
fuse to pay the penalty herein imposed when
the same shall be assessed by the Comptroller
of the Currency, the amount of such penalty
maybe retained by the Treasurer of the United
States, upon the order of the Comptroller of
the Currency, out of the interest, as it may
become due to the association, on the bonds
deposited with him to secure circulation; and
all sums of money collected for penalties under
this section shall be paid into the Treasury of
the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in
addition to said reports, each national banking
association shall report to the Comptroller of
the Currency the amount of each dividend
declared by said association, and the amount
of net earnings in excess of said dividends,
which report shall be made within ten days
after the declaration of each dividend, and
attested by the oath of the president or cashier
of said association, and a failure to comply
with the provisions of this section shall sub-
ject such association to the penalties provided
in the foregoing section.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
Chap. CXXXI.—An Act to establish certain
Post Roads.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, [That] the following be,
and the same are hereby, established post
roads:
alabama.
From Greenville, viaTalluka, Cook's Store,
Rutledge, New Providence, and Hallsville, to
Troy.
From Montgomery, via Falkners, Sharps-
ville, Strata, Argus, and Salsoda, to Rutledge.
From Demopoiis to Eutaw.
From Scottsboro to Cottonville.
From Scottsbero to Salem, in the State of
Tennessee.
From Yellow Creek, via Quincy, in Missis-
sippi, and Okalama, via Red Land, to Ser-
repta.
F.-om Eufala, via White Pond, Cloptou, and
Skipperville, to Ozark.
arkansas.
From Gatewood to Elm Store.
california.
From San Luis Obispo, via Rosaville, Cay
ucas, and Moro, to San Simeon.
JFrom Downieville, via Eureka and Port
Wine, to Laporte.
From Santa Cruz to Felton.
From San Juan to Castroville.
From San Juan to New Idria.
From Tuolumne City, via McSwain's Ferry,
Bear Creek, and Mariposa, to Millerton.
connecticut.
From Norwich, via Greenville, Taft's Vil-
lage, Occum, and Eagleville, to Hanover.
From Stanford, via North Stanford and High
Ridge, to Pound Ridge, New York.
delaware.
From Georgetown to Lewes.
florida.
From Enterprise to Sand Point.
From lampa to Clearwater Harbor.
From Mellonville to Lake Eustace.
From Alifia to Pine Level.
From Mariauna to Pensacola.
From Vernon to Econfina.
From Lake City, via Neumansvilie, to Gaius-
ville.
illinois.
From Sterling to Yorktown.
From Winnebago Depot, to Fountaindale.
From Carmargo, via Miller's Store, to Cherry
Point City.
indiana.
From Lebanon, via Dover, to Crawfords-
ville.
From Pine Village, via Petersburg, to Oxford.
From Leavenworth,via Sulphur Well, Mari-
etta, Foster's Ridge, and Adyeville, to Ferdi-
nand.
From Hazelton to Petersburg.
From Knightstown,via Elizabeth City, Mar-
kleville, and Ovid, to Anderson.
From Stockwell, via Potato Creek and
Clouser's Mill, to Linden.
From Frankfort to King's Corners.
From Indianapolis, via Spring Valley, Laud-
ersdale, and Red House, to Waverly.
From Amo, via StilesviHe, Hall, Eminence,
and Alaska, to Quincy.
From Hobbieville, via Buena Vista, to Har-
rodsburg.
From Arcadia to Duck Creek.
From Hillham, via Butler's Bridge, to Hal-
bert's Bluff, (Shoals P. 0.)
From West Boston to Laconia.
From Rushville to Millroy.
iowa.
From Springfield to Victor.
From South English to Tallyrand.
From Atlantic, via Lewis and Cora, to
Sidney.
From Belle Plain, via West Irving, to
Waterloo.
From Oskaloosa, via Rosehill and Lancas-
ter, to Richland.
From Jefferson, via Add, Van Meter, (late
Tracy,) and Wintersett, to Alton.
From Centreville to Moulton.
From Ames, via Story City, Latin's Grove,
Rose Grove, and Hamilton, to Belmond.
From Casey, via Fontenelle, to Queen City.
From Greenwood to Rockland.
From Adel, via Van Meter, to Wintersett.
kansas.
From Pleasant Grove, via Coyville, Gray-
stone, Guilford, and Verdi, to the mouth of
Fall river.
From Humboldt to Guilford.
From Eldorado to Douglas.
From Humboldt, via Guilford and Fredonia,
to Salt Springs.
From Humboldt, via Eureka, to Eldorado.
From Coyville, via Graystoue and Guilford,
to Verdi.
From Guilford to Oswego, via Fort Roach.
From Osage Mission, via Fort Roach, to
Big Hill.
From Osage Mission to Crawfordsville.
From Osage Mission, via Monmouth, to
Pleasant View.
From Girard to Pleasant View.
From Eureka to Elk River.
From Eureka to Eldorado.
From Canville to Guilford.
From Clay Centre to Marion Centre, via
Abilene.
From Marion Centre, via Sycamore Springs
and Eureka, to New Albany.
From Far West to Diamond Springs.
From Alma, via Council Grove, to Cotton-
wood Falls.
From Mission Creek to Alma.
From Dover to Burlingame.
From Ottawa to Burlingame, via Sac and
Fox Agency and Valley Brook.
From Garnett, via Centreville and Paris, to
Blooming Grove.
From Jerome to Avon.
From Waveland, Via Williamsportand Rich-
land, to Clinton.
From Eudora, via Hcsper, to Olathe.
From Marion Centre, to Wichita.
