THE CON'&RESSIONAIi ©LOBE.
January 2&,
out any incoavenienee to himself or I should
not have presumed to propose a question.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I only object to being
broken off in the middle of a sentence.
Mr,' MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
asserts that some of the ablest lawyers in the
Union have given their opinion that equity re^
tjBises some further favor on the part of Con-
gress, or something to that effect.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That the law requires it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. J desire
merely to ask him if he does not think that for
the same fees equally able lawyers could be
procured to give opinions on the opposite side
of the question ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Well, Mr. President, in
the estimation in which I hold the gentlemen
m the profession to whom I have referred—and
I allude especially to Mr. Curtis, of Massachu-
setts—I do not believe that Mr. Curtis, for any
fee that could be given, would give his opinion
deliberately upon a public law against the con-
victions of his judgment. I believe that from
all I know of him, from his character and his
antecedents; and I will say to my honorable
friend that 1 believe that a majority of the mem-
bers of the legal profession who have reputa-
tion and standing in the States of this Union
would not suffer themselves for any money con-
sideration to publish an opinion against their
convictions. That is my opinion of the legal
profession.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That is not
the point of my question. I do not doubt that
these men gave honest opinions. The only
question is whether there are not equally able
and equally honest lawyers who entertain dif-
ferent opinions.
Mr. DOOLITTLB. It may be that other
lawyers equally able may differ from .Judge
Curtis ; I do not know how that is ; but I con-
fess for myself after reading the opinion of
Judge Curtis 1 was inclined to think that he
was correct in the construction which he gave
upon the statute as it stands; and if his con-
struction be correct Congress is already bound
by the laws which we have enacted to pay to
this company the subsidy of $16,000 a mile
and make the grant of the lands if the company
goes on from its present termination and ex-
tends its line to the one hundredth meridian in
pursuance of law; and I understand that what
the company now ask is the permission to stop
short of the one hundredth meridian, at Fort
Kearny, and that it is rather a saving to the
Treasury. Therefore, if this construction be
true, (and it will appear when Senators turn
their attention to the law as it stands,) the
idea of my honorable friend from Ohio, that
this proposition is a proposition to involve the
Treasury or take money out of the Treasury, is
a mistake.
I would not go for anything which was to
take money out of the Treasury for any new
subsidies or appropriations; and if he will
persuade me on the discussion of the law, as
it stands, that we are not legally or equitably
bound by what has been already done by Con-
gress, I would not be for incurring any new
obligation.
Mr. SHERMAN. T ask my friend, then, if
tmder the law this road has the right to these
bonds, why does it come here? It is only
because the Secretary of the Interior and the
late Attorney General Stanbery, certainly as
good a lawyer as Mr. Curtis, the authorities of
the present administration decided that under
the law it was not entitled to these bonds, and
therefore there was no authority to issue them.
Mr. DOOLITTLB. I do not understand
that that decision has been made. The com-
pany must first build twenty miles further of
the road before they can legally demand the
subsidy in bonds, as I understand.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why do not they do it and
apply to the courts, then ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the company are
compelled to do that, they must go ou to the
line of the one hundredth meridian, and not
stop fit Fort Kearny. It is a question of law,
I admit, a question on the law as it stands, and
the discussion in the Senate may convince me
that we are not bound : and if we are not, I do
not incline to the granting of any new subsidies
in the present situation of the Treasury.
Mr. President, in relation to the project
pending before the Senate I expressed my
views yesterday, and I, of course, shall not take
any time in saying further anything on that
subject now.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the honor-
able Senator from Ohio is not more earnestly
in favor of the passage of the railroad bill of
which he has charge than I am. I intend to
vote for that bill, though I may have a word to
say upon it. before it is finally disposed of. But
the bill alluded to by the honorable Senator
from Kansasisonewhich was before the Senate
for consideration during the last session and
was fully discussed, at least very largely dis-
cussed, during several days, and I flattered my-
self that the Senate could come to a vote upon
the bill without much more discussion ; and I
think that will be the case if we take it up now.
I do not anticipate that much time will be spent
in the further discussion of the merits of that
bill.
The company concerned complain that the
Government has not fully performed the con-
tract which it made with them originally, or
rather that the Government has not fulfilled
the assurances held out to them in the statutes
in reference to the construction of their road.
They have expended a very large amount of
money already in the prosecution of their en-
terprise, and they complain that it is a severe
hardship upon them to leave them according
to the common saying "outin the cold," and
withdraw from them that aid which the Gov-
ernment originally promised that they should
receive at its hands. I do not think that the
bill will consume much of our time, as I said
before, and I shall be ready for one to proceed
immediately when thatis disposed of to the con-
sideration of the bill of the honorable Senator
from Ohio. 1 hope the Senate will take it up
and let us dispose of it one way or the other.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I should
regret if the bill introduced by the Senator from
Ohio should be taken up to-day. I did wish to
submit some remarks to the Senate in regard
to it, but I am not able to do so. My convic-
tions are very clear that I ought not to vote
for.the measure ; and on the question suggested
by the Senator from Kansas it is hardly ne-
cessary for me to add to what I had an oppor-
tunity of saying in the Senate a year ago. I
came to the examination of that bill with a
decided prejudice against it, and intended to
vote against it; but when I found the law to be
as I think I did find it to be, of course I con-
cluded to cast my vote according to the law. I
believe it is the law, as enacted in 1862 and
1864, that this Atchison branch was entitled to
a connection, and in the absence of such con-
nection toeing allowed because of the failure of
the other companies, the Atchison road became
entitled to occupy the ground and the benefits
which were promised to the defaulting road.
The difficulty, as I understand, in this case was
that Congress permitted the departure of the
road with which this should have connected,
and allowed it to take a southwestern direction,
so that the connection became impossible, and
the work resulted in the structure of a road in
the wilderness and a stopping there. Of course
that was not the purpose of Congress.
But, Mr. President, my object in rising was
to say that I hope very earnestly the bill that
the Senator from Ohio calls up will not now
be considered. It is rather a new measure in
its present shape. I wish to discuss it some-
what, if I shall recover my health sufficiently
to do so. I think it is not only an infringe-
ment of the Constitution, going beyond the
powers of Congress, but I think it is a danger-
ous precedent to set. Weneed not invitegreat
enterprises into Congress; we need not invite
jobs here ; there is no occasion for it. The
corruption of Congress is a possibility, per-
haps ; and it was not intended that the Con-
of the United States should have juris-
diction of things like this. But, sir, if I have
an opportunity I intend to express my views
upon it; not at the present time.
Mr. NYE: It seems to me, sir, that there
are two or three considerations aboutthe taking
up of the bill last mentioned that should pre-
vail with the Senate. For more than a year
this company have been hung up here in this
body awaiting its decision upon this import-
ant bill. Its corporators are among the best,
ablest, and foremost supporters of this Gov-
ernment, and men whose names ra'nk with the
highest-in the land. They have made large
outlays themselves; they have received large
subsidies from the Government; they have
received and expended large amounts from
their first nSortgage bonds, so large that their
interest now is more than three hundred dol-
lars a day, and they are not earning, in the
imperfect state of their road, enough to-pay
the running expenses of the road itself. Now,
sir, it seems to me to be due to tbem, it is due
to this body, it is due to the principles of jus-
tice between the Government and those who
deal with it that the question should be settled.
I speak not now of the manner in which they
shall be settled ; I leave that to the candid judg-
ment of each Senator who shall vote on this
important measure ; but I insist upon it that it
is due to them, due to the dignity of the Gov-
ernment, due to its good faith, that these men
should be taken down from this legislative hook
on which they have hung for more than twelve
months, and that they shall know what the
decision of this body is to be.
Sir, I repeat I do not know what the senti-
ment of this body will be; but it is better to
dive into trouble than wade in. It is afflict-
ing to go inch by inch to an overwhelming gulf;
you had better jump in at otice. If it is to be
the judgment of this body that the Govern-
ment shall lose what it has put in this road, or
that it shall take the last cent of the private
fortunes of those gentlemen to pay the interest
on the debt, and that the first mortgage bonds
shall take the fragment of a road they have got
completed, let it be so determined at once; but,
I repeat again, it is high time that these incor-
porators should know what the judgment of
Congress is.
Now, sir, I am as anxious as the Senator
from Ohio to pass that bill of his, not only that
the road should be constructed, but for the
establishment of the principle announced in
that bill; and I shall vote for it and support it
cordially and heartily ; but there are no great
private interests suffering now for an immediate
decision upon that bill. On the other hand,
with regard to this other bill, there are inter-
ests that appeal even to the humanity of this
body to determine the question at once. I
hope, therefore, that the judgment of the Sen-
ate will be, and that the Senator from Ohio will
concur in it, that this bill shall first be taken
up, that these individuals shall know their fate.
It is due as well to the Government to look for
its own security, for if this road is not to be
extended the investment already made by the
Government in it is lost and the private fortunes
of those individuals will not rescue it.
Mr. President, I hope the Senators will with
great_ unanimity determine the rights of these
individuals first; their sufferings appeal to us
in tones that we are not at liberty to disregard.
The PRESIDENTj>ro tempore. It is moved
by the Senator from Kansas that the bill un-
der consideration be postponed until to-mor-
row for the purpose of taking up the bill indi-
cated by him.
Mr. SHERMAN asked for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—-yeas 83, nays 1G; as follows :
TEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Buekalew, Came-
ron Cole, Corbett, Cragin, Davis. Dixon, Doolittle,
Drake, Ferry, Fessenden, Grimes, Harlan, Hendricks,
Howard, McCreery, McDonald, Morrill ot Maine,
Norton,_ Nye, Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy,
Pool, Rice, Boss, Thayer, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
vickers, Whyte, and Wilson—33.
WAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler,
Conkling, Conness, Edmunds, Harris, Howe, Mor-
gan, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Osborn, Sherman,
Stewart, Warner, and Williams—16.
