1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
547
ABSENT—Messrs. Fowler, Frelinghuyson, Hen-
derson, Kellogg, Patterson of New Hampshire, Ram-
sey, Robertson, Snulsburv, Sawyer, Spencer. Sprague,
Suiunei, Tipton,Wade,Welch,Willey, and Yates—17.
So ilie motion to postpone was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had disagreed to the amend-
ment of the Senate to the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 404) providing for the disposition of
certain papers relating to military claims accru-
ing in the department of the West, asked a
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. Rufus
P. Spalding of Ohio, Mr. F. C. Beaman of
Michigan, and Mr. W. S. Holmax of Indiana,
managers at the same on its part.
CENTRAL BRANCH PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. POMEROY. I move now to take up
Senate bill No. '250.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 250) relating
to the Central Branch Union Pacific Railroad
Company, the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Morrill, of Vermont,_to
strike out in lines twenty-four and twenty-five
the words "for any greater length of road than
one hundred and fifty miles" and insert the
word "beyond:" so as to make the proviso
read:
Provided, That no subsidy in United States bonds
Bliall he allowed to said Central Branch Company
beyond the termination of the one hundred miles on
which bonds are already authorized to be issued on
said line of railroad.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that amendment
will not be agreed to. It will almost entirely
destroy all the benefit of the bill should it be-
come a law. It narrows down the amouut of
the subsidies very largely.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does not that make it
conform to the original law?
Mr. HOWARD. Jt is making a new law,
not recognizing the old law. The amendment
will allow the company simply what the ori-
ginal law gave them. Tlicy find it necessary
to extend their line and build a greater length
of line than they were required to do before
by a great number of miles; I do not know
how many.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state in a very few
words what this case is. I desire merely to
enter my protest against the bill, because I take
it from the vote already cast the Senate is dis-
posed to pass the bill. We, by tlie^ unanimous
vote of the Committee on the Pacilic Railroad,
yesterday reported a resolution that no more
subsidies should be granted to Pacific railroads,
or to any railroads. We have before us,
laid on our table, a report stating that the pres-
ent Pacific railroad has yielded a profit ol about
•seventeen thousand dollars per mile, being the
greatest yield of any enterprise probably in the
history of mankind. According to the state-
ment, of Mr. Williams, the cost of the road is
about thirty-four thousand dollars a mile. The
first mortgage bonds are $27,000 per mile. The
United States grants as subsidy the best bond
in the market, an average of about twenty-
seven thousand dollars a mile. Then the stock-
holders have twenty miles ol land and all the
stock of the road. This has excited so much
public attention that the Senate committee felt
it their duty promptly to s;iy that they would
grant no more subsidies. Ihe House of Rep-
resentatives have done the same ; and now this
bill proposes to give $2,400,000 of subsidy to
a railroad that will 1)6 built upon the land grant
as sure as the progress of civilization marches
westward. No man can doubt but what under
the present law, with the benefit already of
31,000.000 of subsidy from the Government,
the road from St. Joseph or Atchison will be
built to join the main line at Fort Kearny, or
this side of it. The development of that beau-
tiful country along the Republican fork in tho
course of four or five years will as surely build
the rbad without any subsidy as that our coun-
try remains as it is, prosperous and growing,
especially in that western regign.
This additional subsidy is asked upon the
ground that this company have a legal right
to it. But for that claim no Senator here, in
the face of public opinion, would vote the pro-
posed subsidy. Now, sir, if they have a just
and legal claim for that subsidy they can make
it in the courts. There is not a Senator who,
if their claim was established by law, would
not vote for the requisite authority to issue the
bonds; but the executive authorities of this
Government have decided that they have no
legal right to this subsidy, that under the ex-
isting law the bonds cannot he issued to them,
and that they cannot be issued except by the
authority of an act of Congress. If they dis-
pute the decision of the executive authorities
they can make a case in twenty four hours pre-
senting to the courts their right to a subsidy.
If they have confidence in their claim they can
build, with the subsidy already granted, twenty
miles of road, apply to the proper officers for
thoir bonds, and in case of refusal a man-
damus would promptly issue to compel the
executive officers to enforce the law. They
have a legal remedy for a legal claim. Why
shall we not let them rest upon that legal rem-
edy ? Why shall we now add to the burdens
of this Government $2,400,000? I have never
yet been able to satisfy my mind that there
was any legal claim for this grant, while, as I
said at the last session, I do see a kind ot
equitable demand growing out of the circum-
stance of the passage ot the law authorizing a
change of direction of the road with which this
branch was to connect. Iiut it must be re-
membered that when we made that change
of direction front Fort Riley south, all those
railroad interests were here acquiescing and
assenting to it.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will allow
me 
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me got through; I
shall be through in a moment. If this central
branch company believed that that legislation
would impair their rights or change. their legal
right to bonds, or prevent them from making
the connection, if that claim had been made
known to the. Pacific Railroad Committee or
made known here in Congress in such way as
to attract the attention of the Senate or of the
House, provision would have been made to
guard against all pretense ol such a claim. I
myself voted for the change of route because
it "was d,one upon thoir suggestion and at their
request, and I was willing to give them any
choice of routes they chose which would not
increase the subsidy ; and that was the inten-
tion and meaning of the act. When we passed
that bill no Senator contemplated that by mak-
ing this divergence of track we added to the
burdens of the Government $2,100,000. No
such claim was made here, so iar as I remem-
ber, in the Senate.
Under these circumstances, I am not pro-
pared on account of a mere appearance of an
equitable claim to extend the grants already
made to Pacific railroads. If they have a legal
right they have a plain legal remedy, as plain
as any man could have upon a note of hand;
a remedy that is as open to them as the courts
are open to any suitor. You are now violat-
ing the resolution to which you have come,
substantially, because I have no doubt the reso-
lution reported from the Committee on the
Pacilic Railroad is the opinion of the Senate
itself, as it was of the House of Representa-
tives—you are violating that rule by issuing
$2,400,000 of bonds, when if they have legal
right to those bonds they can enforce it by a
plain and palpable remedy in the courts, a
, remedy that my honorablefriend from Michigan
!! could point out; so learned a judge as Judge
l| Curtis could point it out to them very readily.
|1 All that would be necessary for them to make
!I their legal claim would be to comply with the
j| law, by which they say they have the right to
11 the subsidy, by building twenty miles of rail-
road, and then making their formal application
for tho bonds.
Under these circumstances, I do not know
that it is worth while for us to make any pro-
test about it, because 1 take it from the vote
already cast the bill will pass; but I desire to
say that after a faithful examination of this
question at the last session I came to the con-
clusion that the law gave them no legal right to
these bonds; that the subsidy of $1,000,000
they have already received would be amply suf-
ficient, together with the grant of lands, which
I was willing to increase, to enable them to
build their road to connect with the existing
Pacific railroad. The Government has done
all in this direction that it ought to do. Any-
thing more than that would be a departure
from tho principle wo have now adopted, with-
out any claim on their part that is sustained by
law.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. Presideut, I will not
protract the debate. I willsay a word, however,
in reply to some of the remarks of the honor-
able Senator from Ohio. He does not state to
the Senate that by the original charter of the
Union Pacific Railroad Company, the eastern
division, the Kansas branch so called, was re-
quired to pass up the Republican fork,so called,
in a northwestern direction. It was contem-
plated originally that the eastern division would
form its connection about the one hundredth
degree of west longitude, and would pass upon
the Republican fork. The central branch had
the privilege of lorming a connection with that
eastern division on its way up the Republican
fork. It was required to form that connection
with the eastern division by law. By the act of
18(50 Congress allowed the eastern division to
diverge off in a western and southwestern direc-
tion, so as to render it impossible, according to
then existing lawn, for the central branch to
formthateonncction. The object of the central
branch, of course, was to have access from the
point of its commencement on the Missouri
river to the Union Pacific railroad proper, and
toemergeout upon that road on the linef orraed
by the eastern division. 'Ihe legislation of
I860 took away from the central branch that
valuable piivilege which was guarantied to it
by the charter itself. It cannot now form
this junction, as it was allowed to do by the
old law, and the fact that it is lettin the con-
dition it is is the ground upon which it makes
this claim before Congress. It asks to have
restored to it its original privilege of forming
a connection of the Union Pacific railroad at or
about the one hundredth degree of west longi-
tude. That was a privilege originally given to
it that was taken away from it by Congress by
the act of 1800.
I -will not say the company has any legal
right—any right which it could assert in legal
form in a couit of justice, ltis not necessary
that 1 should express an opinion upon that
subject; but 1 was well satisfied, and so were
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, that it
has an equitable claim to a restoration of this
same privilege of forming connection with the
Union Pacific railroad. That is the basis of
the claim.
Now, sir, as the honorable Senatorfrom Ohio
has referred to the resolution which was in-
troduced into this body yesterday, I ask the
Clerk to be good enough to read it, and let us
see whether this case comes within its terms.
I think it will turn out that it is not by any
means embraced in that resolution. This is a
case already pending before Congress, resting
upon the equity growing out of the statutes we
have passed. The object of that resolution, if
I understood it properly, was that we will not
make any further subsidies of Government
bonds upon any new enterprises or new works
to be commenced or recognized hereafter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Clerk
I will read the resolution called for.
; The Chief Clerk read the resolution reported
| yesterday from the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, as follows:
I Revolved, That it is inexpedient that any subsidy
I in Government bonds should be authomett by von?
