THE OOtfGKESSJQ^AE GLOB5!.
January 23,
t to toy railroad enterprise not entitled thereto
under existing laws.
Mr. HOWARD. That is it. Clearly it does
not 'include tbia ca'se. , Tne ground upon which
this rests is the equity, that.the central branch
has an equitable claim upaft Congress for this
extended privilege for the issue of farther
bonds—a blaim growing out of our own lagis-'
latiott. Certainly no such ease' is eomtem-
plafed by the resolution.
The honorable Senator renraAs' that this
company acquiesced in the change of the law
tnatfe in 1866, by 'which the eastern division
wa9 allowed to diverge off West and southwest.
I do not know what may be the sources of
information from which he. derives thatknowl-
edge, if it be knowledge; 'but I will say simply
this: that the Moment that legislation came to
the'knowledge of the Central Branch Company
it hastened ta present its remonstrance to the
House of Bepresentatives against the passage
of the act of 1866, granting that privilege of
diverging off, and; the remonstrance was pre-
sented to the House of Representatives On the
22d of June, 1866, and I- hold it now in my
hand. The company did all that it was in
their powerto do to preve'nt the passage of that
bill. I am not itware, however, that any suchf
remonstrance was ever presented in the Sen-
ate ; I will not say that, but it was certainly
presented iri the House of Representatives.
Mr. CORBETT. I offer the following
amendment-.
And nrnvuted farther, That no more Government
bomiashali bo issued to said company, but that Gov-
ernment may guaranty the interest on said bonds
for twonty years,and tbeinterest may be paid at the
Treasury of tho United States but all earnings of
said road for service performed for tho Govornraent,
and fivo per cent, of its gross earnings, shall be paid
into tb,e Treasury of tho United States, under such
rules and regulations as theiiccrotaryof thelnterior
may proscribe, to secure the payment of the interest
on the same.
Mr. CONKLING asked for tho yeas and
nays j and they were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. The only objection to
that is, it is a new form of subsidy whieh the
Government has never yet adopted, guaranty-
ing interest on other people's bonds. That
form of subsidy might have been the best if
the Government had adopted it; I do not know
that it would not have been originally ; but to
adopt that new form now, of guarantying in-
terest, would be a derangement of the whole
system by which these railroads have been
built It might be the best form if we had
started out in that way, but I hope it will not
be introduced here as a beginning.
Mr. CORBETT. 1 have offered this amend-
ment to this hill for the reason that our debt,
is large, and there is an objection to increasing
the debt of the Government; but I think it but
iust arid right that we should guaranty the
interest upon these bonds in order that this
company maybe enabled to make a connection
with the Union Pacific railroad. From my
examination of this subject I believe that the
Government is in duty bound to assist this road
to some extent to make this connection ; but
whether it is bound to give a subsidy of $16,000
a mile, accepting a second mortgage upon the
road for that amount and allowing the com-
pany to mortgage the road for $16,000 more, is
a. very serious question in my mind. I deem
it my duty to offer this amendment td this bill,
and probably a similar provision will be intro-
duced into all bills of this sort hereafter pre-
sented to Congress, so that the Government
shall not assume the payment of the principal
of these bonds, but guaranty the interest upon
them, and assist these roads irt that way.
I think it is proper and right for the Gov-
ernment to develop its resourftesand internal
commereein this way, aud thus advance the
interests of our settlers by opening up new
lands to cultivation, and making the Govern-
ment lands through which these roads run
more valuable. But I believe this'company
can build this road for the remaining dis-
tance with the assistance of a guarantee of
the payment of the interest upon its bonds by
the- Government. They may have the right to
issue additional bonds to the extentof $16,000
per mile of their road under the same provis-
ions as heretofore, bnt'-'I think this proposi-
tion will assist the company and also the Gov-
ernmeiit out of the trouble id -which we are
now' involved. I offer it as a compromise be;
tween 'the different-interests of the country.
Mr. DIXON; I do not propose1 to speak
upon the amendment offered by the Senator
from Oregon, but upon the, bill itself which is
pending. As Irunderstand this case, this rail-
road company claim to have a right to issue a
certain amount of bonds, and the Secretary of
the Interior, whose duty it is to issue the bonds,
declines to make the issue in consequence of
his doubt whether they have ji legal right to
them. The company claim that they have a
legal right to the subsidy in question. Now,
they either have or have not that right. If
they have, if their right is clear, then there is
no Occasion for an act of Congress. They have
furnished us the opinions of distinguished law-
yers which go far to' convince me that they
have a legal right.
I should hesitate very much before I differed
from Mr. Benjamin B. Curtis upon a legal
question, and 1 am very much inclined to think
he is right, and that they have the right whieh
they claim ; but I feel somewhat with regard
to this matter as Mr. Webster did with regard
to reSnaeting the laws of God. He said he
would not reenact those laws. I do'not wish
to reenact the laws of Congress. If this com-
pany have a legal right, then why are they here
asking us to make tliat right more legal ? I anl
therefore unwilling to vote for the bill, taking
it for granted that they are right in supposing
that they have a legal claim. But, sir, suppose
they have not; if they have no right, then I
certainly am unwilling to give it to them.
Mr. President, if there ever was an occasion
when our pretensions of economy should be
carried out in practice, this is that time. If
at this time we propose to make a grant, a
gift to any company whatever, let us hereafter
say nothing upon the question of economy.
I am unwilling upon either view of this case
to vote for this bill. If the right exists they
need no assistance, they need no help ; if the
right does not exist they ought not to have it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I shall vote
for the amendment of the Senator from Ore-
gon, provided I cannot get a vote upon another
and direct proposition which was indirectly
embraced in the amendment that I offered on
a former occasion, and on whieh I think the
vote was taken when the Senate did not fairly
understand it and while I happened to be called
out for a single moment.
Mr. President, I think it is obvious through-
out the world that the railroad business has
been vastly overdone. Take the guaranties
of England for her railroads in India and in'
Canada. The stock that she has guarantied
is worth something; but when you go beyond
that, railroad stock is worth little or nothing.
I have been in favor of a Pacific railroad.
I want one finished and made complete, that
we may see how it will operate. 1 have no
doubt that in due time We shall need more.
When that time arrives I shall be ready to
vote as my judgment dictates. We are even
now negotiating for a passage across the Isth-
mus of Darien. If we should have a ship-
canal across that isthmus how much that will
compete with these loads who can tell? All
are aware that a water communication is vastly
cheaper than any other; and if there should
be a canal built across that isthmus it will un-
questionably take the major part of the trade
from the Pacific coafct. That is inevitable.
But I desire, as I said, a direct vote on the
question whether you wilt in any ease grant
further subsidies on the part of the United
States to railroads. I think the policy hereto-
fore inaugurated of giving public lands to those
roads is well. It is possible that something
more in some cases will be needed, but it is
very apparent that we have squandered un-
necessarily millions already in this direction
that- we ought to have saved, and which will
go eventually into the pockets of a very "small
number of stockholders in these roada. I hope
the Senator from Oregon wii'l withdraw his
amendment for a single moment to enable me
to offer an amendment in order to obtain a
direct vote of the Senate on the proposition
whether we will grant further subsidies to this
road or not. I propose to strike out all of the
proviso to the bill after the word "provided"
and to insert what I sertd to the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Oregon withdraw his amend-
ment?
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to hear the
proposed amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont read for information first.
The Chief Clerk read'the proposed amend-
ment, which was to strike out all of the proviso
at the end of the bill after the word "provided"
and in lieu thereof insert:
That no subsidy in United States bonds shall be
allowed or authorized by anything herein contained.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont! , I desire to
add that if there is any subject upon which the
people of this country have made up their
minds, in an economical point of view, it is
that Congress ought to be economical in rela-
tion to this very matter.
Mr. CORBETT. I do not know that there
will be any objection to the proposition of tho
Senator from Vermont as an independent
amendment; but cases may arise where it may
be necessary for the Government to assist these
roads with bonds. I would rather decide upon
that question as each case is presented. I un-
derstand that this amendment of mine is sub-
stantially tho proposition that is now proposed
with regard to all the roads that are asking
Congress for subsidies. It proposes that the
Government shall guaranty the interest upon
certain bonds to be issued, instead of making
it liable for the principal of the bonds, and I
understand the proposition of the Senator from
Vermont to be to cut off all those bonds.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I only desire
an opportunity to reach a vote on my amend-
ment, and the Senator will see I shall not have
that opportunity unless it is allowed to be tested
first. 1 shall certainly vote for his amendment
provided mine doeSnot earry. The Senator can
have no objection to having a test vote On this
question. It is merely in relation to this rail-
road, whether it shall have a subsidy or not.
That is all that my proviso covers.
Mr. CORBETT. It may be that if that
amendment were defeated it Would commit us
to the idea of furnishing the bonds, whieh I
desire to avoid by the proposition that 1 offer.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yon will have
an opportunity to offer your amendment after-
ward. undoubtedly.
Mr. CORBETT. I shall feel obliged to vote
against the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
The PRESIDENT^pro tempore. The Chair
does not understand whether the-Senator from
Oregon withdraws his amendment or not.
Mr. CORBETT. I would rather not with-
draw it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Theamend-
ment is not withdrawn.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I have but a few
remarks to make upon the amendments offered
by the Senator from Vermont and the Senator
from Oregon, and also upon the real question
that is presented to this body in the bill before
us; and I shall court brevity in making them.
Two things are acknowledged in this debate.
The first is that the principle of giving bonds
as subsidies to these roads is a settled fact.
Another is, that- this central branch road is a
part of the system, a part of the unit of the
Pacific railroad, both Union and central. Its
construction was entered upon with that full
understanding, and with the guarantee of the
Government that it should receive these bonds.
Now, what has it done since to forfeit them ?
The southern branch has been diverged, leav-
ing the western end of this road in a wilder-
ness where nothing short of Omnipotence
could rear- a town, out off from all <Sonnection
