324
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOT3E.
[March 3,
40th Costs.,..3d Sess.
Lazes of the United States.
wisconsin.
From Maiden Rock to Brookville.
From Menomonee, via New Haven, Flem-
ing, to Erie Corners.
From Black River Falls, via Alma Centre,
to Eau Claire.
From Tomah to Biack Eiver Falls.
From Chippewa Falls, via Bloomer, Cook's
Valley, and Eighteen Mile Creek, to Menom-
onee.
From Winnecome to Poysippi.
From Sheboygan.viaHikaand Mann's Land-
ing, to Manitowoc.
From Weyauwega to Baldwin's Mills.
idaho territory.
From Bois6 City, via Middletown, Kceney's
Ferry, El Dorado City, and Clarksville, to
Baker City, in Oregon.
From Maggie Creek, in Nevada, via Silver
City, to Bois6 City.
From Lewislon to Elk City.
From Placerville, via Warren's Camp, to
Florence.
From Spokane Bridge to Lewiston.
From Florence to Washington.
From Silver City to Oro.
From Walla-Walla, in Washington Terri-
tory, via Lewiston, to Helena, Montana.
From Florence to Warren's Diggings.
Prom Rocky Bar to Atlanta.
From Bois6 City, viaLeesburg, Salmon City,
to Bannock City, Montana.
moxtaxa territory.
From Radersburg to Willow Creek.
From Helena.via CoppeTopolis, to Merschell.
From Jefferson Bridge to Silver Star.
From Virginia City, via Twin Bridges, Roch-
ester, Silver Star, German Gulch, and French
Gulch, to Deer Lodge City.
From Missoula Mills to Frenchtown.
From Stormsville to In-Poh.
colorado territory.
From Denver,via Mount Vernon, Hayward's
Ranch, foligate, Idaho.Empire, to Georgetown.
From Denver, via Little's Mills, Keystone,
Bear Caiion, Glen Grove, to Colorado City.
From Canon City, via South Arkansas, to
Fail-play.
From South Arkansas, via Garabaldi, to
Sagauche.
From Badito, via West Mountain Valley, to
Fort Garland.
From Colorado City, via Fairplay, to Ham-
ilton, iu Park county.
Brorn Pueblo, via Rock Caiion Bridge, Cris-
well's Ranch, to Dotson's Ranch.
Si'om Pueblo, on south side of the Arkansas
river, via Blun'.'s Ranch, to Fort Reynolds.
From Golden City, via Mount Vernon, to
Union City.
From Georgetown to Breckinridge.
From Datham, via Boyd's Crossing and
Princeton, to Thompson.
washington territory.
From Vancouver, via Fourth Plain, Lacka-
mas, and Fern Prairie, to Washingal.
Approved, March 8, 1369.
Chap. CXXXII.—An Act to authorize the Sec-
retary of War to place at the disposal of the
National Lincoln Monument Association, at
Springfield, Illinois, damaged and captured
Ordnance. -• -
Be it enacted by the Senate and Mouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed
to place at the disposal of the National Lin-
coln Monument Association, at Springfield,
Illinois, such damaged and captured bronze
and brass guns and ordnance as may be
required, out ot which to cast the principal
figures to be incorporated into said structure ;
said material to be delivered to said associa-
tion at Springfield, Illinois.
Approved, March 3, 1809.
Chap. CXXXIII.—An Act in relation to Addi-
tional Bounties, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Ho"ise of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That when a soldier's dis-
charge states that he is discharged by reason
or "expiration of term of service," he shall
be held to have completed the full term of his
enlistment and entitled to bounty accordingly.
Sec. 2, And be it further enacted, That the
widow, minor children, or parents in the order
named, of any soldier who shall have died,
after being honorably discharged from the mili-
tary service of the United States, shall be
entitled to receive the additional bounty to
which such soldier would be entitled if living,
under the provisions of the twelfth and thir-
teenth sections of an act entitled "An act mak-
ing appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, and
for other purposes," approved July twenty-
eight, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, and the
said provisions of said act shall be so construed.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all
claims for the additional bounties granted in
sections twelve and thirteen of the act of July
twenty-eight, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
shall, after the first of May next, be adjusted
and settled by the accounting officers of the
Treasury under the provisions of said act; and
all such claims as may on the said first of May
be remaining in. the office of the Paymaster
General unsettled shall be transferred to the
Second Auditor of the Treasury for settlement.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all
claims for bounty under the provisions of the
act cited in the foregoing section shall be void,
unless presented in due form prior to the first
day of December, eighteen hundred and sixty-
nine.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
Chap. CXXX1V —An Act to Incorporate'' The
Masonic Mutual Relief Association of the
District of Columbia."
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That William Mertz, Ed-
ward Edwards, Thomas B. Campbell, A. C.
Adamson, John J. Callahan, A. T. Dessau,
John HcClellan, E. H. Atkins, Richard Good-
hart, Thomas Risliton, C. H. Dickson, T. D.
Winter, H. V. Cole, T. H. Donahue, Thomas
H. Graham, M. A. Watson, W. D. Chase,
Thomas Dowling, R. B. Tompkins, James 0.
Lee, Charles H. Kern, and Robert Ball, and
their successors, to be elected in the manner
hereinafter declared, be, and they are hereby,
incorporated and made a body politic and cor-
porate by the name of "The Masonic Mutual
Relief Association of the District of Colum-
bia/' and by that name may sue and be sued,
plead and be impleaded, in any court,of law
or equity of competent jurisdiction, and may
have and use a common seal, and be entitled
to use andexereise all the powers, rights, and
privileges incident to such corporation.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
particular business and objects of such society
or corporation shall be to provide and main-
tain a fund for the benefit of the widow, or-
phans, heir, assignee, or legatee of a deceased
member immediately upon proof of such death.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
number of directors or managers to manage
the same shall be twenty-two, who shall be
elected by the members of said society or cor-
poration, at their annual meeting on the second
lucsday of November in each year, from among
themselves, who shall hold their office for one
year and until others are duly elected and
qualified to take their places as directors; and
the said directors shall elect one of their num-
ber to be president of the board, who shall
also be president of the corporation or society,
and shall elect one of their number as vice
president, and one of their number as secre-
tary, who shall also be secretary of the associa-
tion, and one of Iheir number as treasurer, who
shall give bonds with surety to said corpora-
tion in such sum as the said board of directors
may require for the faithful discharge of his
trust. A majority of the directors shall form
a quorum for the transaction of business ; and
in case of a vacancy in the board of directors,
by death, resignation, or otherwise, of any
director, the vacancy occasioned thereby shall
be filled by the remaining directors from among
the members of said society, who shall serve
until the next annual election.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
directors shall have full power to make and
prescribe such by-laws, rules, and regulations
as they shall deem needful and proper for the
disposition and management of the funds, prop-
erty, and effects of the society or corporation,
not contrary to this charter or to the laws of
the United States; and they shall have power
to alter or amend the same as the interests of
the corporation, in their opinion, may require.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
said board of directors shall be capable of tak-
ing and holding the funds, property, and effects
of said corporation, which funds, property, or
effects shall never be divided among the mem-
bers of the said society or corporation, but
shall descend to their successors, duly elected
in the manner heretofore specified, for the
promotion of the principles of the said corpo-
ration and the benevolent purposes of the
! society which they represent. But this pro-
vision shall not prevent the said board of
directors from carrying out the principles of
the society or corporation, viz : the immediate
payment to the widow, orphans, heir, assignee,
or legatee of a deceased member as many dol-
lars as there are members in good standing on
the books of the corporation.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That this
act may be altered, amended, or repealed at
! the pleasure of the Congress of the United
States of America.
Approved, March 3, 18G9.
Chap. CXXXV.—An Act in reference to cer-
tifying Checks by National Banks.
Be itenactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That it shall be unlawful
for any officer, clerk, or agent of any national
bank to certify any check drawn upon said
bank unless the person or company drawing
said check shall have on deposit in said bank
at the time such check is certified an amount
of money equal to the amount specified in such
check ; and any check so certified by duly
authorized officers shall be a good and valid
obligation against such bank ; and any officer,
clerk, or agent of any national bank violating
the provisions of this act shall subject such
bank to the liabilities and proceedings on the
part of the Comptroller as provided for in sec-
tion fifty of the national banking law, approved
June third, eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
Approved, March 3, 18G9.
Chap. CXXXVI.— An Act to amend an Act
entitled " An Act to exempt certain Manu-
facturers from Internal Tax, and for other
purposes,"approved March thirty-first,eight-
een hundred and sixty-eight.
Beitenacled by the Senate and House of Rep-
i resentatives of the United States of America in
j Congress assembled, That the act to exempt
certain manufacturers from internal tax, and
for other purposes, approved March thirty-one,
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, be, and
hereby is, amended in the second section thereof
so as to remit all taxes upon naval machinery
which had not accrued prior to the first day of
April, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight.
Approved, March 3, 18C9.
