1500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
N A8II V.ILLE CnSTOM-IIODSE.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the'Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No; 789. , .
The motion, was agreed to; and the fe.enate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 789) making ^appro-
priation and authorizing the purchase of addi-
tional ground for the Nashville custom-house.
It proposes to appropriate dollars to aid
in the erection of a custom-house in the eity
of Nashville, now authorized to-be built, and to
give autl^rity.tp the Secretary of the Treasury
to increase the lot now owned by the Govern
meat to a.size adeauate for the purpose for
which it waa purchased. '
The Committee on Commerce proposed to
fill the blank by inserting $25,000.
The amendment was agreed to-
The bill was reported tothg Senateasamend-
ed; and the amendment was concurredjn.
The bill was ordered to. be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third . time, and
passed.
SHIP AGRA.
Miv CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate resume the consideration of Senate bill
No. 882, to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue an American register or en-
rollment and license" to the ship Agra, of
Boston.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tenipore. the ques-
tion is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have this
bill explained.
Mr. CHANDLER. It was explained the
other day. This is a ship that was transferred
without the knowledge or consentof her owners
by the captain or by the agent.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, it is so seldom
that I get any credit from any source for what
I do here that I .cannot forbear this oppor-
tunity to read a portion of & letter that I have
just received from New York:
"Every patriot fa the-Iand should return i.hivnks
to you for your recent action iu the Senate in refer-
ence ,to the attempt to secure a,new American regis-
ter for th.e ship Agra, of Boston: and the attempt on
the part of her owners, whom I know not, to obtain
a new register is an acknowledgment on their part
of fraud, and especially upon aii loyal ship-owners
who did not allow their ships to bo sailed under the
English flag; and I am one of that number, though
an owDer at the time of the rebellion in many Tes-
tis trading to Europe and other countries. I trust
you will defeat the bill; otherwise you will be flooded
with applications at the next session of Congress
from j ost such patriots."
This issigned by Mr.Webb, one of the
ship-owners in this eountry. Qnaformer occa-
sion, when I had the honor of addressing the
Senate on this question, I assumed, and now
reassert, that most petitioners who present
claims to Congress for anything understand
their own case full as well as the committees
who investigate it, and I therefore always look
to see what the petitioner prays for, in order
to get a true statement of the case. Now, I
invite the attention of the Senate -while I read
the ^memorial which theseclaimants have signed
setting forth the grievances under which they
labor. They say:
To the Honorable the Senate
and Mouse of Hevreseat&tives :
The memorial of Thomas B. Wales & Co., mer-
chants of the city of Boston, in the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts, respectfully shows;
That they are citizens of the thrited States, carry-
ing on business in the. said city of Boston for" many
years past, and during all the time have been, and
still are, largely interested in eomtaercc and owners
px anmy ships and vessels; that they are, and have
been ever sinee the breaking out of the late rebel-
lion, loyal citizens rand supporters of the Government
jn its successful efforts to put down the rebellion;
that they have been unwilling to resort to the trans-*
icr ot tucir vessels to foreigners for the purpose of
securing tbcra against capture by the rebel cruisers,
jina nave suffered much loss by the destruction of
their ship Thomas- J£  Wale? and the capture of their
chips ivxormng btar and Punjavh, which vessels were
released undcrbondsr, after being plundered of many
articles and used by the captors as a cartel far pris-
oners. That m the yea?
This is the particular part of the memorial
to which I invite the atteaUoa of the Senate :
That in the year 1863, the ship Agra, of Boston,
owned by yo,ur memorialists and other citizens of the
United States, and duly registered at said Boston, was
at Liverpool .England, and the following liters were
addressed by your memorialists to Mr, N.,£L Em-
mons, jr., who was then in London in charge, as per
copies fa umbered one, two, and three. That notwith-
standing the wishes of your memorialists there ex-
pressed, ao4 in fact before Mr. Emmons received the
letter of the; 25th August, 1863, he had adopted the
expedient o£ placing the said ship Agra under the
Eegiish flag, by an ostensible sale to oneT. B. Hearne,
ofXqndon. That the proceeding was contrary to the
wishes of your memorialists, but inasmuch as Mr.
N. H. Emmons, jr.,had competent authority to make
the&jfr&n^em^pt it was beyond thq pbwervOf. your
memorialists to rescind it. And now your r^emo-
riaiHste- would further represent that the s&id ship
Agra, now under the British- flag, and now called the
Agra, is shortly expected t9 arrive home fr«?m a voy-
age to the East Indies. Your memorialistsnow desirse,
and Very respectfully ask, that the register of said
ship Agra may be restored to them* so that she may
henceforth he known, and ^eoogi^iz^d as the ship Agra,
or other, of Boston, and entitled to all the privileges
and immunities of vessels belonging to the mercan-
tile marine of the United States; and as your memo-
rialists are informed that the power to gpant this
request does not exist in the executive department,
they pray that an act of Congress may be passed for
their relief, as in like cases has been don© for the
relief of other c-itizens similarly situated.
And your memorialists will ever pray.
THOMAS B. WALES & CO.
. Now, I desire to submit to the Senate a sin-
gle proposition. In the first place if this ship
was in reality sold Congress has npt authority
to grant the relief asked for, because if this
person, having competent authority, actually
sold the ship to a British subject, Congress by
any enactment it can pass cannot rescind the
contract. If that is not true, then the sale was
in itself a fraud—a fraud upon this country, a
fraud upon the British flag, a fraud by the
owners, a fraud by everybody concerned in it,
and not only a fraud but cowardly. It was a
cowardly transaction. To save their ship from
destruction they were willing to hoist upon
her a flag that was doing more to destroy our
commerce than any other flag in the world.
I stated the other day that the Committee on
Commerce, had reported against this policy on
a former occasion. They then made a very
able report which entirely convinced me that
this was wrong. Now, if this'is to be done in
this case why not in others? As the day of
mutual forgiveness seems to have arrived, when
we are forgiving the rebels and forgiving the
British for destroying our commerce, why not
forgive a few of our own citizens? Nobody
has been hurt for being a rebel. Why should
men -be hurt for being loyal ? I propose, there-
fore, if it is in order, if this bill must pass, to
move an amendment to it. I ain opposed to it
in principle, but I move to make the bill a
general one, restoring to the flag of this coun-
try every cowardly ship-master and owner who
skulked under a British flag during the war.
I would as lief forgive cowards as traitors. If
wc are going to be generous, as we have been
toward them, and are now paying rebels for
being rebels, we might as well forgive these
cowardly ship-owners and say that all ships
shall be restored to the flag- to which they
originally belonged.' I am opposed to the bill
in principle, but if it is to pass I submit to the
Senate whether it is not best to make a clean
sweep of it to prevent just what Mr. Webb
says will be the case, a stream at the next
session of Congress of just such applications.
Mr. CHANDLER. It was the opinion of
the committee that this was an exceptional
ease. I will read the letter on which the com-
mittee based ,their action. It is a letter of
these parties to their agent, dated Boston,
August 25, 1863:
"We annex duplicates of our letters of the 21st
ultimo, a Jul have since heard nothing from you; and
as ire suppose theAgramusthavebeenfixed off some
way ere this reaches you, consequently it remains to
carry out in the best and most satisfactory manner
any arrangement you may have made for her. Wo
do hope you have not changed her nationality or
committed yourself so far that it cannot'with pro-
priety. be retraced, and we think the tenor of your
letter subsequently received will have prevented you
doing so. The more we reflect upon the matter the
more "serious appears the embarrassments of sailing
our ships under neutral colors, and we should prefer
submitting to present loss rather than subject .our-
selves to them."
There is an affidavit with this. But I will
ask that this bill be laid aside informally, as I
have some dozen others that I am very anxious
to pass, or at least eight or ten. I will ask that
this bill be laid over for the present that I may
proceed with the others.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
passed by informally if there be no objection.
SUBMABINE TELEGRAPH CABLE.
Mr. CHAN DUSK. I move now that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 731. -
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration' of the bill (S. No. 731) to authorize
the New York, Newfoundland, and London
Telegraph Company to land its submarine cable
on the shores of the United States; the ques-
tion being on the pending amendment of Mr.
Trumbull, in line ten, after-the word "and"
and before the word " Europe," to insert "the
shores of any foreign' European Government
or any territory belonging to such Government
when such foreign Government shall grant-the
reciprocal right to lay a cable or cables on
their shores to American citizens or companies
who have been or shall be authorized by Con-
gress to lay submarine cables connecting the
shores of the United States with the shores of
such foreign Government." -
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that amendment
will 'be withdrawn. It seems to me it is cer-
tainly out of place on this bill. The Senate
will take notice that a bill was reported from
the Committee on Foreign Relations some days
ago containing a series of regulations applica-
ble to all telegraphs between the two continents.
The present bill is simply one to authorize an
existing telegraph company to land its wire on
Our shores, and it seems to me any general regu-
lation on the subject would be entirely out of
place on -this bill. I hope, therefore, that the
amendment will not, be persisted in. But I
have an Amendment which I propose to intro-
duce. In the fourth line, after the words " au-
thorize to," instead-of " land one or more
submarine cables," I propose to say:
And continue their existing submarine cable in
its several lines from the shores of Newfoundland
westwaidly, and to land the-same upon the shores
of the United States.
The effect of this amendment, which I pro-
pose to move when it is in order, will be simply
to give to the existing telegraph company which
now has a wire between Ireland and Newfound -
land the privilege of continuing its wire from
Newfoundland westwardly to the coast of our
eountry. That is all. It seems to me that is
all it is necessary for us to provide for in the
bill. I hope the Senator from Illinois will with-
draw his amendment so that I can otfer mine.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was induced to offer
the amendment in consequence of some inform-
ation that was communicated to me by parties
who were interested in these Atlantic cables.
It seems that the European Governments, sev-
eral of them, have granted exclusive privileges
to particular parties to lay telegraphic cables
from their shores to this continent. Among
others the grant in England is exclusive to the
company that has the cable between England
and Newfoundland. That we cannot inter-
fere with, both ends of the cable being upon
foreign soil. Now it is proposed to authorize
another company to connect with this cable
which runs from Newfoundland to England;
and as the bill was originally introduced by the
Senator from New York, [Mr. Conkling,]
I think it provided that this Newfoundland
company might land one or more cables any-
where upon the coast of the United States.
There has been granted, as I am told, to a com-
pany in Prance the exclusive right of laying
telegraphic cables between that country and this
to certain parties, and those parties are very
anxjous to get the right to laud in America.
If they can land their cable here they never
can have any competition, because nobody
without their consent can ever lay another
cable to France. It is just so in regard to
the cable between England and this country.
