1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
325
Laws of the United States.
40th Cose....3d Sess.
Chap. CXXXVIJ.—An Act relating- to Cup-
lures made by Admiral Farragut's Fleet in
the Mississippi river in May, (18G2,) eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight, [two.]
Beit enacted by the Senate"and House of Rep-
resentatives <f the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the vessels attached
to or connected with Admiral Farragut's fleet
in the river Mississippi which participated in
the opening of that river and which resulted
in the capture of New Orleans in the month
of May, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and
which by law would have been entitled to
prize money in the captures made by said ves-
sels, shall now be entitled to the benefits of
the prize laws in the same manner as they
would have been had the district court for the
eastern district of Louisiana been then open
and the captures made by said vessels had been
libeled therein ; and any court of the United
States having admiralty jurisdiction may take
and have cognizance of all cases arising out of
said captures, and the same proceedings shall
be had therein as in other cases of prize.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
shares in such captures awarded to the officers
and men entitled to prize shall be paid out of
the Treasury of the United States.
Approved, March s, 1869.
Chap. CXXXVIII.—An Act explanatory of
the Act entitled "An Act declaring the Title
to Land Warrants in certain cases."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress asstmbled, That the act entitled "An
act declaring the title to land warrants in cer-
tain cases," approved June third, eighteen
hundred and fifty-eight, be so construed and
applied as to authorize the legal representatives
of deceased claimants whose claims were filed
prior to their decease to file the proof neces-
sary to perfect the same.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
Chap. CXXX1X.—An Act to establish a Bridge
across the East River, between the cities of
Brooklyn and Xea- York, in the State of
New York, a Post Road.
Be itenacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Coiigress assembled, That the bridge across the
East river, between the cities of New York and
Brooklyn, in the State of New York, to be
constructed under and by virtue of an act of
the Legislature of the State of New York, en-
titled "An act to incorporate the New York
Bridge Company, for the purpose of construct-
iiigand maintainingabridge over the East river
between the cities of New York and Brook-
lyn," passed April sixteenth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven, is hereby declared to be, when
completed in accordance with the aforesaid law
of the State of New York, a lawful structure
and post road for the conveyance of the mails
of the United Sta,tes: Provided, That the said
bridge shall be so constructed and built as not
to obstruct, impair, or injuriously modify the
navigation of the river ; and in order to secure
a compliance with these conditions, the com-
pany, previous to commencing the construction
of the bridge, shall submit to the Secretary of
War a plan of the bridge, with a detailed map
of the river at the proposed site of the bridge,
and for the distance of a mile above and below
the site, exhibiting the depths and currents at
all points of the same, together with all other
information touching said bridge and river as
may be deemed requisite by the Secretary of
War to determine whether the said bridge,
when built, will conform to the prescribed
conditions of the act. not to obstruct, impair, or
injuriously modify the navigation of the river.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of War is hereby authorized and
directed, upon reeeivingsaid plan and map nud
other information, and upon being satisfied that
a bridge built on such plan and at said locality
will conform to the prescribed conditions of
this act, not to obstruct, impair, or injuriously
modify the navigation of said river, to notify
the said company that he approves the same ;
and upon receiving such notification the said
company may proceed to the erection of said
bridge, conforming strictly to the approved
plan and location. But until the Secretary of
War approve the plan and location of said
bridge, and notify said company of the same in
writing, the bridge shall not be built or com-
menced ; and should any change be made in
the plan of the bridge during the progress of
the work thereon, such change shall be subject
likewise to the approval of the Secretary of
War.
Sec. 3. Andbeit further enacted, ThatCon-
gress shall have power at any time to alter,
amend, or repeal this act.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
Chap. CXL.—An Act respecting the Organiza-
tion of Militia in the States of North Caro-
lina, South Carolina, Florida, Alabama,
Louisiana, and Arkansas.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That so much of the act
entitled 1' An act making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June
thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, and
for other purposes," approved March two,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, as prohibits
the organization, arming, or calling into ser-
vice of the militia forces in the States of North
Carolina, South Carolina, Florida, Alabama,
Louisiana, and Arkansas, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
Chap. CXLI.—An Act further to provide for
giving Effect to Treaty Stipulations between
this and Foreign Governments for the Ex-
tradition of Criminals.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That whenever any person
who shall have been delivered by any foreign
Government to an agent or agents of the United
States for the purpose of being brought within
the United States and tried for any crime of
which he is duly accused, the President shall
have power to take all necessary measures for
the transportation and safe-keeping of such
accused person, and for his security against
lawless violence, until the final conclusion of
his trial for the crime[s] or offenses specified
in the warrant of extradition, and until his
final discharge from custody or imprison-
ment for or on account of such crimes or
offenses, and for a reasonable time thereafter.
And it shall be lawful for the President, or
such person as he may empower for that pur-
pose. to employ such portion of the land or
naval forces of the United States, or of the
militia thereof, as may be necessary for the
safe-keeping aud protection of the accused as
aforesaid.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any
person duly appointed as agent to receive in
' behalf of the United States the delivery by a
foreign Government of any person accused of
crime committed within the jurisdiction of
the United States and to convey him to the
place of his trial, shall be, aud hereby is,
vested with all the powers of a marshal of the
United States in the several districts through
which it may be necessary for him to pass with
such prisoner, so far as such power is requisite
for his safe-keepiug.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That if
any person or persons shall knowingly and
j willfully obstruct, resist, or oppose such agent
in the execution of his duties, or shall rescue,
or attempt to rescue such prisoner, whether in
the custody of the agent aforesaid, or of any
marshal, sheriff, jailer, or other officer or per-
son to whom his custody may have lawfully
been committed, every persou so knowingly
and willfully offending in the premises shall,
on conviction thereof before the district or
circuit court of the United States for the dis-
trict in which the offense was committed, be
fined not exceeding one thousand dollars, and
imprisoned not exceeding one year.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
Chap. CXLII.—An Act to provide for the
Execution of Judgments in Capital Cases.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That whenever a judg-
ment of death has been, or shall hereafter be,
rendered in any court of the United States,
and the case has been, or shall hereafter be,
carried to the Supreme Court of the United
States by appeal or writ of error, in pursu-
ance of law, it shall be the duty of the court
rendering such judgment, by order of court,
to postpone the execution thereof from
time to time and from term to term until the
mandate of the Supreme Court in such case
shall have been received and entered upon the
records of the lower court; and in case such
judgmeut is affirmed by the Supreme Court,
it shall be the duty of the court renderiftg the
original judgment to appoint a day for the
execution thereof; and in case of reversal by
the Supreme Court, such further proceedings
shall be had in the lower court as the Supreme
Court may direct.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
Chap. CXLIII.—An Act to amend an Act
entitled "An Act granting Lands to the
State of Oregon to aid in the construction
of a Military Road from Eugene City to the
Eastern Boundary of said State."
Whereas by an act granting lands to the
State of Oregon to aid in the construction of
a military road from Eugene City to the east-
ern boundary of said State, approved July
second, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and
whereas the time designated for the comple-
tion of said road expires on the second day of
July, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine : There-
fore, *
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the time for the
completion of said road be. and hereby is,
extended to the second day of July, eighteen
hundred and seventy-one.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
Chap. CXLIV.—An Act amendatory of the
Act providing for the Sale of the Arsenal
Grounds at St. Louis and Liberty, Missouri,
and for other purposes, approved J uly
twenty-five, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That so much of the third
section of the act providing for the sale of the
arsenal grounds at Saint Louis and Liberty,
Missouri, and for other purposes, approved
July twenty-five, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight, as grants to the city of Saint Louis the
westernmost six acres of the tract of ground
occupied by the Saint Louis arsenal, be, and
the same is hereby, repealed, so far as it desig-
nates the part of said tract so granted ; and in
lieu of said westernmost six acres there shall
be granted to said city, for the purposes and
upon the conditions expressed in said act,
other six acres of said tract, to be designated
by the Secretary of War: and that the period
limited in said act for the erection of'the
monument therein contemplated to be erected
shall be considered as commencing at the time
when the Secretary of War shall have desig-
