850
tm ooj^geessiohal globe.
January 23,
session I entertained very strong prejudices
against it, and-perhaps if it had been brought
to a vote at any time'during the last session I
should have voted against it; but upon further
investigation of the subject it seems to me that
we are not at liberty to regard it in the light of
an original proposition, I should certainly, as
one member of the Senate, vote against enter-
ing upon any new project which involved sub-
sidies ; but that is pot the attitude in which this
qtlestion'is presented here to-day.
Let toe niake a brief 'statement of what I
understand to be the history of this question.
Several yp&rs ago Congress passed a bill grant-
ing subsidies- and making provision for the
construction df a railroad starting at Omaha,
in the State of Nebraska, to the Pacific ocean,
terminating at San Francisco, a point some
four hundred miles'south of the starting point,
Omaha. By the same bill provision was made
for the construction of a branch road, starting
from Kansas City, on the Missouri river, a
point neai-ly three hundred miles south of
Omaha, intending to connect with the main
branch starting from Omaha at a point not
further west than the one hundredth meridian.
The same bill then provided for an interme-
diate road, starting from Atchison, about two
hundred miles south of Omaha, and about
eighty-five miles north of Kansas City, which
was to connect with the branch starting from
Kansas City at a point not more than one hun-
dred miles from Atchison.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Sena-
tor will allow me I desire to correct him in one
statement of fact that he has made. The ori-
ginal bill did not make Omaha the starting point
of the Pacific railroad, but it was fixed at the
one hundredth meridian. From Omaha to the
one hundredth meridian it is a branch just like
the branch from Sioux City and the branches to
which the Senator has referred. The branches
are all alike.
Mr. MORTON. I am glad to be corrected,
but still the correction does not alter the effect
of my statement. The construction, as I un-
derstand it, of these three roads commenced
simultaneously, or very nearly so. The road
that is now under discussion, starting from
Atchison on the Missouri river, was to con-
nect with the branch starting from Kansas City
at a point about one hundred miles west.
Therefore this road was necessarily dependent
for any value whatever, or at least for its chief
value,' upon the construction of the road from
Kansas City to intersect with the main branch
of the Pacific road ; for if it was not to have
that connection it would not be worth while to
build the road, and it could have but little
value when constructed. Therefore this road
was built upon the faith of constructing another
road from Kansas City, intersecting the main
Pacific road at a point not furthei west than
the one hundredth meridian.
After this company had been organized and
private stock had been subscribed and the
Government subsidies had been issued accord-
ing to the original provision of the charter,
Congress permitted the southern branch, start-
ing west from Kansas City, to diverge to the
southwest, so as not to intersect with the main
branch at all. This, of course, would render
the intermediate road, the central branch, of
110 value unless it got a connection somewhere.
It has been built out one hundred miles, and
there stops in the Indian country.
Now, Mr. President, it cannot be said that
there is not good faith involved in this ques-
tion. The men who invested their money in this
enterprise invested it upon the distinct under-
standing that the road should be built from
Kansas City to the main branch of the Pacific
road, starting from Omaha. And now that the
Government has permitted that southern road
to diverge to the southwest instead of running
northwest to the Pacific road starting from
Omaha, the question is, what is the duty of the
Government in regard to this middle road
which was commenced upon that faith?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to etate one fact right here ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The diversion of the
southern' road was without the consent and
against the protest of this road.
Itfr. "WILLIAMS. I should like to know
where that protest was made, and to whom ?
Mr. HOWARD. It was made to the House
of Representatives. I hold it in my hand.
Mr. SUMNER. It was duly presented by
Hon. Alexander H. Rice, and tiled on the 22d
of June, 1866.
Mr.' WILLIAMS. When the bill passed th§
House of Representatives and passed the Senate
I supposed ic was by the common consent of
both parties. I heard nothing then of this
terrible wrong which is to be inflicted on this
company.
Mr. MORTON. I do hot know anything
about that protest beyond what the Senator has
stated, which I have no reason to question.
But it is not reasonable to suppose that the
persons engaged in the construction of the
middle road would consent that the southern
road should diverge to the southwest and not
make the connection with the road starting
west from Omaha, because that would leave
the middle road without any connection at all.
Therefore, such a consent could hardly be
presumed.
Now, what must this middle road do in order
that the men who have put their money into it
shall not lose their money, and in order that the
Government shall not lose the §1,600,000 it has
invested in it? The middle road must either
connect with the noi'thern road or with the
southern road. They do not want to connect
with the southern road. They did not start
out with that understanding. They want to
connect with the northern road, and as the
southern road now will not connect with the
northern road, the Government must enable
them to connect with the northern road, or
what they have invested may be said to be
lost.
We cannot suppose, Mr. President, that in-
telligent men would invest their money in a
road which was to run one hundred miles
west and stop in the Indian country. We can-
not suppose that the Government would put
$1,500,000 into such a road. Therefore, it
is inevitable that the men investing their money
in the road and undertaking the construction
of it, and the Government, at that time, did
understand that it was to have the connection
as then provided by law with the road running
northwest from Kansas City to the road start-
ing west from Omaha. That understanding
has been destroyed by the action of Congress,
and it comes up as a question of equity and
justice, what shall this Government do in the
premises? It is not a new question, whether
we shall now start out by making a road and
granting subsidies, but it is simply a question
whether we shall complete an enterprise under-
taken some four or five years ago.
The Government has got $1,600,000 in this
road. I understand that by now investing
$2,000,000 more and completing the road to
make the connection with the road starting
west from Omaha it will make it a valuable
road, and that the earnings of the road will
pay the interest on all the money invested.
Would it not, then, be a matter of wisdom, as
well as of economy, to complete the road to
the northern line, and thus make a road that
will pay the interest on the whole investment
rather than, by stopping where we now are, lose
the $1,600,000 that have been put in? - That,
I think, is the question. I put that as a ques-
tion of prudence and economy on the part of
the Government, aside from the question of
justice.
There is another cotisideration to which my
attention has been called, and which I think is
entitled to some weight, fn the first place, I
think it was imprudent and unnecessary for the
Government :to start two branch roads to con-
nect with the road starting west from Omaha
within eighty-five miles of each other. It would
have been sufficient to have started the one west
from Atchison cr the one west from Kansas
City to make the intersection with the road
running west from Omaha; but the Government
started two branch roads. Now, sir, I insist that
it is a matter of some importance that at least
one of these branch roads shall be completed;
and why? It will be observed by looking at
the map that Atchison, where this road starts
west, is on a point nearly due west from the
capital of Illinois, the capital of Indiana, and
the capital of Ohio, and but little south of the
capital of Pennsylvania. Any person starting
to go to the Pacific coast by way of the Pacific
railroad in order to get upon that road must go
almost directly north to begin with one hun-
dred and sixty or one hundred and seventy
miles. Any one starting from Cincinnati to go
to the Pacific by the way of that road must
first go north to get on that road at Omaha, or,
going by the way of Chicago, he must go north
nearly two hundred and fifty miles ; and if he
starts from Memphis or from any point further
south, of course the distance he has to go north
is increased. As a matter of justice and con-
venience to that great travel going west from
the meridian of Indianapolis, Columbus, Har-
risburg, and St.. Louis there ought to be some
way of striking the Pacific road without being
compelled to go north in the first place, from
one hundred and sixty to three or four hundred
miles. By looking at the map you can see the
importance of that to all persons living on the
latitude that I have described and south of that
latitude.
Mir. President, I believe it will be a great
many years before we shall have more than
one Pacific railroad. We shall have two, and
perhaps three in course of time; but it will
be a very long time before we have more than
one ; and during that period it will be a very
considerable hardship if all the persons living
south of Chicago, and from there down to the
gulf, are compelled to go north as far as
Chicago or Omaha before they can start west
to get on to the Pacific road. In this point of
view thiscentral branch road is important: and
as the Government has already put $1,600,000
in it, as it was begun upon' the faith that the
road was to be constructed from Kansas west,
intersecting the northern road at a point not
further west than the one hundredth meridian,
and as Congress has' turned that road in another
direction, it seems to me to be a matter of jus-
tice, a matter of good faith, that it shall enable
this road to get up northwest to make that
intersection.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I have more
than once expressed my opinion on this bill,
and 1 have no desire now to enter at length
into the discussion. What I have to say shall
be directly oh the proposition moved by the
Senator from Vermont; and that I may be
perfectly understood, I desire to have the Sec-
retary read the amendment.
The PRESIDBNTprotoipore. The amend-
ment under consideration is the amendment of
the Senator from Oregon.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understood the Sen-
ator from Oregon did not withdraw his amend-
ment ; that is now before us.
The Chief Clerk. The proposition of Mr.
Morrill, of Vermont, is to strike out the fol-
lowing words in the proviso at the end of the
bill, "that no subsidy in United States bonds
shall be allowed to said Central Branch Com-
pany for any greater length of road than one
hundred and fifty miles from the termination
of the one hundred miles on which bonds are
already authorized to be issued on said line of
railroad," and in lieu thereof to insert " that
no subsidy in United States bonds shall be
allowed or authorized by anything herein con-
tained."
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President,-there are
two ways of opposing a measure: one is
directly on its merits; the other is by creating
a diversion. My friend from Vermont is too
experienced not to be a perfect master of both
systems. He knows when to meet any meas-
ure on its merits; he knows also when' he can
meet it only by creating a diversion. He has
not attempted the first system to-day; he has
