326
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Laivs of the United States.
nated the six acres of said tract to be granted
to said city: Provided, however, That no part
of the said six acres shall be selected east of
the western line of the ground occupied by the
Saint Louis and Iron Mountain railroad.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
Chap. CXLV.—An Act to amend an Act enti-
tled "An Act to provide a National Cur-
rency secured by a Pledge of United States
Bonds, and to provide for the Circulation
and Redemption thereof," by extending
certain Penalties to Accessories.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That every person who
shall aid or abet any officer or agent of any
association in doing any of the acts enumer-
ated in section fifty-two of an act entitled "An
act to provide a national currency secured by
a pledge of United States bonds, and to pro-
vide for the circulation and redemption there-
of," approved February twenty-fifth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three, with intent to defraud
or deceive, shall be liable to the same punish-
ment therein provided for the principal.
Approved, March S, 1869.
Char CXLVI.—An Act relating to the Metro-
politan Railroad Company.
fie it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the Metropolitan
Railroad Company, in the District of Colum-
bia, be, and is hereby, allowed five years from
and after the passage of this act for the com-
pletion of its line of street railways, authorized
by the acts of July first, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, and March third, eighteen hundred
and sixty-five, anything contained in said acts
or any other act to the contrary notwith-
standing.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
Chap. CXLVII.—An Act to regulate Elections
in Washington and Idaho Territories.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That elections in the Ter-
ritorie of Washington and Idaho for Delegates
to the House of Representatives of the Forty-
Second Congress shall be held on the first
Monday of June, anno Domini eighteen hun-
dred^and seventy, and afterward biennially on
the nrst Monday of June; and such offioers in
said Territories as are now elected at the same
time with their Delegates shall be elected for
offices thereafter to be filled at the times herein
specified, unless otherwise provided by the laws
of said Territory.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
Chap. CXLVIII.—An Act relating to the Time
for finding Indictments in the Courts of the
United States in the iate Rebel States.
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the time for finding
indictments in the courts of the United States
in the late rebel States for offenses cognizable
by said courts, and which may have been com-
mitted since said States went into rebellion, be,
and hereby is, extended for the period of two
years from and after [the time when] said
States are or may be restored to representation
in Congress: Provided, however, That the pro-
visions hereof shall not apply to treason or
other politicals offenses.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
Chap. CXLIX.—An Act relating to the Proof
of Wills in the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That whenever a will or
codicil shall be exhibited for probate to the
orphans' court of the District of Columbia, if
any of the witnesses to the same shall reside
outside of said District, or be temporarily ab-
sent therefrom at the time when said will or
codicil shall be so exhibited for probate, it
shall and may be lawful for said court to issue
upon personal notice of not less than twenty
days to all parties in interest, a commission to
one or more competent persons, to take the
deposition of such absent witness or witnesses,
in such form as said court may prescribe, touch-
ing the execution of such will or codicil, and
the competency of the testator or testatrix, at
the time of the execution thereof, and such
deposition when returned to said court shallbe
received therein as competent evidence, and
have the same force and effect as if said wit-
ness or witnesses were personally present and
testifying in said court: Provided, That in all
such cases the original will or codicil shall
accompany such commission, and be exhibited
to the witnesses so testifying.
Approved, March 3,1869.
Chap. CL.—An Act granting Lands to the
State of Oregon to aid in the Construction
of a Military Wagon-Road from the navi-
gable waters of Coos Bay to Roseburg, in
said State.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be, and hereby
is, granted to the State of Oregon, to aid in
the construction ofa military wagon-road from
the navigable waters of Coos bay to Roseburg,
alternate sections of public lands, designated
by odd numbers, to the extent of three sections
in width on each side of said road: Provided,
That the lands hereby granted shall be exclu-
sively applied to the construction of said road
and to no other purpose, and shallbe disposed
of only as the work progresses: Provided
further, That the grant of lands hereby made
shall be upon the condition that the lands shall
be sold to any one person only in quantities
not greater than one quarter section, and for a
price not exceeding two dollars and fifty cents
peracre: And provided further, Thatanyand
all lands heretofore reserved to the United
States, or otherwise appropriated by act of Con-
gress or other competent authority, be, and the
same are hereby, reserved from the operation of
this act, except so far as it may be necessary to
locate the route of said road through the same,
in which case the right of way to the width of
one hundred feet is granted: And provided
further, That the grant hereby made shall
not embrace any mineral lands of the United
States, or any lands to which homestead or
preemption rights have attached.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
lands hereby granted to satd State shall be dis-
posed of by the Legislature thereof for the
purpose aforesaid, and for no other; and the
said road shall be and remain a public high-
way for the use of the Government of the
United States, free from tolls or other charges
for the transportation of any property, troops,
or mails of the United States.
Sec. 3. Andbeit further enacted, That said
road shall be constructed with such width, grad-
uation, and bridge as to permit of its regular
use as a wagon-road, and in such other special
manner as the State of Oregon may prescribe.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
State of Oregon is authorized to locate and use
m the construction of said road an additional
amount of public lands, not previously reserved
to the United States nor otherwise disposed of,
and not exceeding six miles in distance from
it, equal to the amount reserved from the oper-
ation of this act in the first section of the same,
to be selected m alternate odd sections, as pro-
vided in section first of this act.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That lands
hereby granted to said State shall be disposed
of only in the following manner, that is to say,
when the Governor of said State shall certify
to the Secretary of the Interior that ten con-
tinuous miles of said road are completed, then
a quantity of the land hereby granted, not to
exceed thirty sections, maybe sold, and so on
from time to time, until said road shall be com-
pleted ; and if said road is not completed within
five years no further sales shall be made, and
the lands remaining unsold shall revert to the
United States: Provided, however. That the
entire amount of publie land granted by this
act shall not exceed three sections per mile for
each mile actually constructed.
Sec. 6. Andbeit further enacted, That the
United States surveyor general for the district
of Oregon shall cause said lands, so granted,
to be surveyed at the earliest practicable period
after said State shall have enacted the neces-
sary legislation to carry this act into effect.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
Chap. CLI.—An Act to define the Fees of
Recorder of Deeds and to provide for the
appointment of Warden of the Jail in the
District of Columbia, and for other purposes.
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of thefJnited States of America in
Congress assembled, That from and after the
passage of this act the style of the " register
of deeds of the District of Columbia" shall be
"recorder of deeds of the District of Colum-
bia."
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
legal fees for the services of said recorder of
deeds shall be as follows, viz:
The filing, recording, and indexing, or for
making certified copy of any instrument con-
taining two hundred words or less, fifty cents,
and fifteen cents for each additional hundred
words, to be collected at the time of filing, and
when the copy is made.
For each certificate and seal, twenty-five
cents.
For searching records extending back two
years or less next preceding current date,
twenty-five cents, and five cents for each addi-
tional year, to be paid by the party for whom
the search may be made.
For recording a town plat, three cents for
eaeh lot such plat may contain.
For recording a plat or survey, five cents for
each course such survey may contain.
For filing and indexing any paper required
by law to be filed in his office, fifteen cents.
For each examination of title by the party
or his attorney, fifty cents.
For taking any acknowledgment, fifty cents.
Sec. 3. Andbeit further enacted, That all
deeds of conveyance, leases, powers of attor-
ney, and other written instruments required by
law to be filed and recorded, and all copies of
instruments and records and certificates au-
thorized by law, filed, recorded, made, and
certified by William G. Flood, as acting regis-
ter of deeds for said District since the death
of Edward C. Eddie, late register, up to the
date of the appointment and qualification of
his successor, shall be, and are hereby, declared
to be legally performed, the same as if the said
William G. Flood had been legally appointed
and qualified as register of deeds. And the
said William G. Flood is hereby declared to
be entitled to all the legal fees and emoluments
of said office for his said services which have
been hitherto allowed the register of deeds,
and which accrued during said period.
Sec. 4. Andbe it further enacted, That from
and after the passage of this act the supreme
court of the District of Columbia shall have
authority to appoint a suitable person to act as
warden of the jaii of said District, and to re-
move said officer whenever in the opinion of
said court the public interests may require it,
and to fill all vacancies which may occur.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
warden of said jail shall have authority to
