1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
32?
Laws of the United States.
4 Oth Cong. ... 3d Sess.
appoint such subordinate officers, guards, and
employes as are necessary for the proper
management and safe-keeping of prisoners,
•which now are or may hereafter be authorized
by law, subject to the approval of the chief
justice of said court.
Sec. 6. And be it farther enacted, That all
acts and parts of acts inconsistent with the pro-
visions of this act are hereby repealed.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
Chap. CLII.—An Act to confirm certain Pri-
vate Land Claims in the Territory of New
Mexico.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That private land claims
numbered forty-one, forty-two, forty-four,
forty-six, and forty-seven, Territory of New
Mexico, as known and designated by the num-
bers aforesaid in the reports of the surveyor
general of the said Territory and on the books
efthe Commissioner of the General Land Office,
be, and the same are hereby, confirmed: Pro-
vided, That such confirmation shall only be
construed as a quit-claim on [or] relinquish-
ment of all title or claim on the part of the
United States to any of the lands not improved
by or on behalf of the United States, and not
including any military or other reservation em-
braced in either of the said claims, and shall
not affect the adverse rights of any person or
persons to the same, or any part or parcel
thereof.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Commissioner of the General Land Office shall,
without unreasonable delay, cause the lands
embraced in said several claims tobesurveyed
and platted, at the proper expense of the claim-
ants thereof, and upon the filing of said sur-
veys and plats in his office he shall issue patents
for said lands in said Territory which have
heretofore been confirmed by acts of Congress
and surveyed, and plats of such survey filed in
his office as aforesaid, but for which no patents
have heretofore been issued.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all
surveys authorized by this act shall conform to
and be connected with the public surveys of
the United States in said Territories, so far as
the same can be done consistently with the
landmarks and boundaries specified in the sev-
eral grants upon whichsaid claims are founded:
Provided, however, That when said lands are
so confirmed, surveyed, and patented, they
shall in each ease be held and taken to be in
full satisfaction of all further claims or demands
against the United States.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
RESOLUTIONS.
No. 1.—A Resolution in relation to the Library
of the Department of Agriculture.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner
of Agiiculture shall regard the library now
under his control a d in his possession as part
of the property of the Department of Agricul-
ture, and he shall retain the same in his charge
as directed by section three of the act approved
May fifteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
establishing a Department of Agriculture.
Approved, December 15, 1808.
No. 2.—Joint Resolution donating condemned
Cannon for the erection of a Monument to
Major General Kearny.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States oj America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of Vr ar
be, and he is hereby, authorized to furnish such
condemned iron cannon as may be required,
not exceeding four, for the completion of a
monument at Tivoli, New York, over the re-
mains of the late Major General Philip Keorny
and other Union soldiers buried at that place,
who lost their lives in the late war.
Approved, December 21, 1868.
No. 3.—Joint Resolution explanatory of the
Act to create an additional Land Office in the
State of Minnesota, approved July twenty-
fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight.
Beit resolved by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the limits of the land
district as designated in the act entitled "An
act to create an additional land district in the
State of Minnesota," approved July twenty-
fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, to wit:
"All thatpartof the northwestern land district
which lies north of township number one hun-
dred and twenty-four north and west of range
number thirty-five west of the fifth principal
meridian," shall be construed to embrace all
the lands north of township one hundred and
twenty-four and west of said range thirty-five.
Approved, January 14, 1869.
No. 5.—A Resolution authorizing the Transfer
of ccrtain Appropriations heretofore made
for the Public Printing, Binding, and En-
graving.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to cause the sum of one hundred and
ninety-four thousand dollars to be transferred
from the appropriation '1 for paper for the pub-
lic printing," contained in the act entitled " An
act making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-nine," approved
on the twentieth of July, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight, in aid of the appropriations con-
tained in the same act for the following pur-
poses and in the following proportions, to wit:
For the public binding, the sum of one hun-
dred and ten thousand dollars.
For lithographing and engraving for the
Senate and House of Representatives, the sum
of eighty-four thousand dollars.
Approved, February 9, 1869.
No. 7.—A Resolution relative to the recent
Contract for Stationery for the Department
of the Interior.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be directed to annul and cancel the
contract made by him with Messrs. Dempsey
and O'Toole for supplying the Department of
the Interior and the several bureaus and offices
thereof with stationery for the fiscal year end-
ing June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-
nine, (under the advertisement issued May
twenty-five, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight.)
SCHUYLER COLFAX.
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
B. F. WADE,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
Indorsed by the President: "Received
February 6, 1869."
[Note by the Deparimext of State.—The
foregoing resolution having beeu presented to
the President of the United States for his ap-
proval, and not having been returned by him to
the House of Congress in which it originated
within the time prescribed by the Constitution
of the United States, has become a law with-
out his approval.]
No. 8.—A Resolution respecting the Provis-
ional Governments of Virginia and Texas.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the persons now
holding civil offices in the provisional govern-
ments of Virginia and Texas, who cannot take
and subscribe the oath prescribed by the act
entitled "An act to prescribe an oath of office,
and for other purposes," approved July 2,
1862, shall, on the passage of this resolution,
be removed therefrom; and it shall be the duty
of the district commanders to fill the vacancies
so created by the appointment of persons who
can take said oath: Provided, That the pro-
visions of this resolution shall not apply to per-
sons who by reason of the removal of their
disabilities as provided in the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution shall have qualified
for any office in pursuance of the act entitled
"An act prescribing an oath of office by per-
sons from whom legal disabilities shall have
been removed," approved July eleventh, eight-
een hundred and sixty-eight: And provided
further, That this resolution shall not take
effect until thirty days from and after its pas-
sage : And it is further provided, That this
resolution shall be, and is hereby extended to,
and made applicable to the State of Mississippi.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
B. F. WADE,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
Indorsed by the President:
February 6, 1869."
' Received
[Note by the Department of State.—The
foregoing resolution having been presented to
the President of the United States for his ap-
proval, and not having been returned by him to
the House of Congress in which it originated
within the time prescribed by the Constitution
of the United States, has become a law with-
out his approval.]
No. 9.—Joint Resolution directing the En-
forcement of the Lien upon the Steamer
" Atlantic."
Whereas, on the sixth of February, eighteen
hundred and forty-nine, an agreement in the
nature of a chattel mortgage was entered into
between the Secretary of the Navy of the Uni-
ted States and the assignees of the Collins'
contract, by which, after reciting the acts of
March third, eighteen hundred and forty-seven,
and August third, eighteen hundred and forty-
eight aforesaid, and that the assignees of the
contract had launched two vessels, (the "At-
lantic" and "Pacific," still unfinished,) and
had applied for advances under the act, and
were willing and desirious to secure the repay-
ment or refunding of the same from the annual
compensation of the said ships by a lien ou
said ships, it was witnessed that the said as-
signees bargained, sold and conveyed the said
two vessels to Prosper M. Wetmore, upon trust;
that the assignees should retain_ possession of
the said vessels and employ them in execution of
the contract, and if, alter the expiration of one
year from the commencement of the perform-
ance of the service under the contract, the as-
signees should have failed to repay in money, or
to refund out of one year's compensation, such
outstanding balance due and unpaid or unre-
funded of such advances as the Secretary of
the Navy might have made prior to the end of
one year from the commencement of the P®r;
formance of the said, service, then the said
Wetmore was, after advertising for six months
the time and place of sale, to sell the said
, steamships at public auction, and out or tne
