1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
651
attempted the second. He has brought before
you a proposition, general in its character, on
which he has made an argument general also
in its character. He opposes any further sub-
sidies to railroads. Very well; admit his
argument; how does that bear on the ques-
tion ? I am not now going to enter upon his
argument. The Senator from Nevada Kr.
3nye] has already engaged the attention or the
Senate upon that question, and we may offer
our gratitude to my friend from Vermont that
he has given occasion to the outburst of elo-
quence to which we have listened.
But permit me to say that the argument of
flie Senator from Vermont and also the elo-
quence of my friend from Nevada are out of
|:lace at this moment on this measure. There
is no question of principle with regard to sub-
f-idies ; there is no question as to any policy of
Congress in supplying subsidies for the prose-
cution of railroad enterprises. It is simply a
question of good faith on the existing legisla-
tion of the country. Congress by its legisla-
tion has induced certain parties to undertake a
railroad at the AVest. They have embarked
largely in it; they have contributed out of their
sneans ; they are extensively interested. Then
afterward, by subsequent legislation, Congress
rendered all that they had done comparatively
valueless. Gongress did that against the protest
•of these gentlemen. So doing, I submit that
Congress became liable to make good their
original legislation to these parties ; and that
is the simple object of the present measure. It
is to carry out in good faith the original legis-
lation of Congress; nor more, nor less.
-Senators in the debate have already alluded
to the affidavits which have been introduced.
I hold a copy of them in my hand. Let any
Senator read them, and then I would ask him,
can he hearten to my friend from Vermont
and on any general sentiment against subsidies
defuse to sustain the faith of the Government?
Day by day we plead for the perservation of
the national faith. God grant that it never may
fail in any respect; and now again I plead for
it, not on any great historic question as of faith
to the national freedmen or of faith to the na-
tional creditor, but of faith to corporators who
have entered upon a great public work in the
trust that they would be sustained to the end
hy Congress. I have here in one of those affi-
davit positive declaration that the subscrip-
tions were made ''in good faith, and on the
faith that this road was a branch of the Union
Pacific railroad, and was to have a connection
therewith;" ■' and this deponent avers and de-
clares that such connection was ali that gave
the road value in the estimation of capitalists."
The Senator from Indiana has shown how that
connection gave value to the proposed road.
1 need not enlarge upon it.' Nobody can look
at the map, nobody can read one of these affi-
davits, or become in any way familiar with tlii3
■ease, without seeing that without such connec-
tion the ruad was c.liiH,.,c worthless.
Among these affidavits is one from a name
that I know will be honored in this Chamber.
It is that of the present Governor of Massa-
chusetts, William Claflin, well known now ia
public life, where he has earned an honorable
renown, but also in a. less conspicuous circle
known as one of the true, just, business men
of the country. Wherever he is known his
word is as good as his bond. He is one of
those corporators, one who has invested largely
in the construction of this road. What does
he say?
"That his subscription to the capital stock of said
company was made on the faith of the acts of Con-
gress known as tlio Pacific railroad laws, and on tho
faith, as therein provided, that the said central
branch was to connect with the eastern branch
railroad at a point above one hundred miles west
from Atchibon, whcic the maps of the two com-
panies, then tiled, showed a junction; that said cen-
tral bianch was located and built with reference to
such connection until tho route of said eastern divis-
ion was-changed by Congress."
This is a deposition signed by himself. _ I
find added, also, the name of Nathaniel
Thayer, an eminent banker of Boston, A. C.
May hew. A. H- Batcheller. and John T. Manny.
I need add nothing to this statement, which is
plain and explicit. These gentlemen embarked
in this enterprise and put their money in it on
the faith of Congress. The simple question
now is whether Congress will keep its faith.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, I intend to
vote for this bill, and as I am opposed to grant-
ing any new subsidies to railroads I wish to
state briefly why I am in favor of it. In the
first place, I wish to allude to the statement
made by my friend the Senator from Vermont
at the last session, and by the Senator from
Ohio to-day, that the friends of this road, the
central branch, in 1800 asked that the eastern
division might be turned from its original route
and go up the Smoky Hill fork. At that time
I was a member of the Committee on the Pa-
cific Railroad, and it so happened, owing to
sickness, that I was compelled to remain in
Washington several weeks after the adjourn-
ment of Congress. During that time these
gentlemen, among others Governor Claflin, of
Massachusetts, came to me after the adjourn-
ment of Congress and called my attention to
that legislation, and told me that it was a great
wrong to the central branch and that they
protested against it.
Krom that circumstance I was induecd to
look into this matter, as I did as well as I was
able to do, and my investigation convinced me
beyond a doubt that these gentlemen who had
embarked their fortunes in this central branch
road had been wronged by tho action of Con-
gress; that Congress had granted them the
right to unite with the eastern division and
thereby form a connection at about the one
hundredth meridian upon the great trunk of
the Union Pacific road, and it had also pro-
vided that in case any buitich should fail to
build its road the other might take up that road
a,nd carry it forward to the point of union.
But Congress having voted that tho eastern
division might ehange its route, there was no
such thing as a failure to build in the eye of
the law. Congress had actually granted land
and subsidies over the identical route now asked
by this road, the route to the one hundredth
meridian. All that these parties now ask is
that they may have the right to go l'orwatd
under that original invention of Congress and
complete their enterpiise. 1 believed then,
and £ believe now, that they have the right and
the justice upon their side, and believing that
I shall vote lor this bill, not as a new subsidy,
but as carrying out tho original policy and de-
sign of Congress. Besides, there is no other
way by which St. Louis and points on either
side of it can at present make a direct connec-
tion with the Union Pacific road. Therefore,
in addition to the rights of the individuals in-
terested in this enterprise 1 conceive it to bo a
public question, a question of magnitude and
importance to the country at large, aud espe-
cially that portion of the country.
Believing, then, fully in the justice and
equity of this claim 1 shall vote for this bill,
although I am opposed to any further subsidies
to railroads at present. If this was an original
proposition, if it was a new question, I should
vote against it; but the Government has already
advanced $1,000,000, and it only needs this
additional legislation not only to complete the
road, but to mako valuable what has been
already advanced.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, 1 believe I have not occupied in all that
I have said on this bill over twenty minutes'
time of the Senate, and I am somewhat sur-
prised atthe elaborate attention I have received
this morning from the Senator from Nevada
[Mr. Nye] and the Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. St'MXKR.] So far as the eloquent
Senator from Nevada is concerned, I always
listen to him with pleasure, whether he delivers
an original speech, or whether ho lets "the
locomotive scream at the top of the eagle's
nest," as we have heard him this morning, not,
perhaps, for the first time. I do not think he
need to have any fear of being charged at home
or abroad with any unusual "contraction," any
"spasmodic economy." There is, it seetmto
me, no danger of that. But let me say to that
Senator and to the Senator from Massachusetts
that the very existence of the Republican party-
depends upon whether we adopt tho principle
of economy for tho next four years or not.
That, whether we blink the issue or not, will
be the main question. I am not a common
ranter in relation to this subject of economy.
I allow my course to be judged by my works,
by my votes, not by mere words. It is very-
unusual for me to say anything on this subject,
but I trust in my official action here never to
lose sight of it.
But, Mr. President, when a measure of this
sort comes up in the Senate, involving millions,
I conceive that! have a right to make a direct
proposition—not an indirect one, as the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts asserts—upon it. I
come forward with a proposition asking the
Senate to vote directly on the question whether
we shall give a subsidy for the extension of
this road or not. Is there any indirection in
that? If there is, 1 fail to comprehend it.
The Senator from Massachusetts takes refuge
under great names from home. 1 take no such
refuge. I prefer to vote upon my own inde-
pendent judgment in relation to this matter. I
have no Governors or other distinguished citi-
zens whose affidavits have been given or whose
letters are to be read hero ; but there are thou-
sands of taxpayers who will watch my vote, as
they will the votes of other Senatois.
The Senator also seeks some sort of refuge
in voting for this subsidy, as an exception to
his general rule of opposing further subsidies,
on the ground that the public faith has been
pledged. I recognize no such pledge. I have
read the whole of the documents which have
been presented to us on this subject, including
the opinions of the attorneys, whose opinions
have been brought into the case; and while I
admit that they have the power of confusing
the subject so that it requires a great deal of
labor to understand it, I confess that so far as
my mind has enabled me to comprehend the
subject I have not seen a particle of evidence
tending to pledge the public faith to a further
subsidy of bonds. Wo have done already all
that tho law required of us. So far as 1 am
concerned I feel perfectly free and at liberty
to vote as my judgment dictates upon this bill.
Sir, if it were an original question do you sup-
pose that the Senate could be induced to vote
for a further subsidy on this line? Is it needed
by the Government, or is it only in the inter-
est of private parties? I do not believe it
could obtain the vote of one third of the Sen-
ate as an original question. Coming here now
after the long importunities that we have had,
after every Senator has been button-holed for
over a year in relation to this matter, it is not
surprising that it receives some support. I
expect it to pass. All that I ask—and I do not
think I deserve to bo taken to task in the style
1 have been for this—is that Senators shall
place themselves on the record directly on tho
question whether we will vote this additional
subsidy to this road at this time or not. I
take it there is no indirection about that; and
I hope yet to be able to obtain a vote upon
that question.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have the
amendment pending read.
Mr. CORBETT. Let it be read as modified.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment, as
modified, is to insert at the end of the bill the
following additional proviso:
And 'provided further, That no more Government
bonds shall be issued to said company, but that tho
Government shall guaranty the interest on said com-
pany's bonds for thirty years, on the completion
of each section of twenty milesof said road, andthe
interest shall be paid at tho Treasury of the United
(States; and to secure the payment ot such interest
all earnings of said road for services performed for
the Government, and tivo per cent, of its gross earn-
ings, shall bo paid into tho Treasury of the United
States under suc'li rules and regulations as tho Sec-
retary of the Interior may prescribe.
Mr. STEWART. I send to the Chair an
amendmeut, which I ask the Senator from
Oregon to accept ia place of his amendment.
I think it answers the purpose a little more
