THE CONGRESSIONAL ••©LOSE
January 23,
1# refStlf. ft is the amendment that was- pro-
posed by the Senator froi'n Oregon [Mr. Wil-
liams] %he-*1otbet' day to ail-other bill.
' The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read for information.
'The Chief Clerk-read the proposed amend-
ment, which was to insert as addition al'eections
the following: "' - - 
SeB. 2. And'bc itfurtJier' enacted, That no addi-
tion-ill bonds shall tie issued to said company; lint
whenever, and as often us the said company shall com-
f lete and equki ten or more consecutive miles of the
siid road in an resp'eets as a'fii'st-class railroad, the
Presidentof theUnited States, at the request and ex-
pcnye of t&esaidcmnpany, shallcanse the same to be
inspected by three sbilllal commissioners appointed
by him and upon their favorable report, approved
by the Pr^sidftnt, the Secretary of the Treasury shall
deliver to the said company, for each such completed
milo of roud, sixteen bonds of the said company pre-
pared by h'lm.of the denomination of'$lu0,000 oaeh,
iui^ahle -by said eompany in gold coin at the Treas-
ury.of the United States tbirtyyears from the 1st day
t>f January or July then next ensuing, with half-
yearly interest coupons attached, payable by the said
company in gold coin- at the said Treasury at such
rate, nofc exceeding six per cent, per annum, as the
company,may elect; upon the face of which coupons
shall be a statement, signed by the Treasurer of tho
United States, that payment of the same, according
to its terms, is guarantied by the United States. And
the principal of the said bonds shall constitute a first
lien upon the said road and telegraph, and upon the
rolling stock and all other real abU personal estate
of. t.ha said eompany.
Sec. 3., And be it Junker enacted, That the moneys
arising from the sale of the said lands, and irom the
transportation and other business to be done by-the
company for the United States, shall remain in the
Treasury <jf the united States as a fund for tho pay-
ment of tne interest on the said bonds; and if the
moneys'So reserved shall bo insufficient for that pur-
pose, .the company, alter two years from the comple-
tion of their said road, shall pay.into the said Treas-
ury three per cent, of their remaining gross receipls,
or so much thereof as may be necessary to meet the
said .interest as it falls due; and any surplus of tho
said reserve not required for any half-yearly pay-
ment of interest shall be paid to said company.
Sec. 4. And be xt further enacted. That after tho ex-
piration of ten years Irom tho completion of the said
road the said company shall pay annually into the
Treasury of the United States such sums as will
amount to the prinoipal of their said bonds by the
time thesamewill full due; which several payments
shall, as between the United States and the company,
bo deemed to be payment of liko amounts of tho
said bonds.
ijKO. 5. And be it further enacted, That if the said
company shall fail to mako any of tho payments re-
quired by this act for the account of either tho said
interest fund or the said sinking fund, the Secretary
ot thtiTreusury sby.ll report such failure to the Pres-
identof tho United States, who may, and if ho dooms
it necessary to tbo security of the United States or of
the bondholders he shall, appoint a receiver to tako
possession of the said Jroad and oporftte and manage
the same for tho best interest of the company, and
•pay into the Treasury of the United States so much
of the receipts therefrom as may be necessary and
Sufficient for the said purposes. ,or -until the company
shall make the said payments.
Mr. STEWART. Having been a member
of the committee and consented to mate' this
report, I should like to call the attention of
the friends of the measure' to this amendment.
I believe it would be a fair settlement of the
whole transaction and give just about what
ought to be,given. Admitting, for the sake of
the argument, that the central branch at the
time the law was passed was intended to go
on until it should have a junction with the
other road—and such I believe was the inten-
tion o-f the law—it was also the intention of
the law very clearly that .they should unite at
a point not so far distant as the one hundredth
meridian. The two branches—the Union Pa-
cific, eastern division, and the central branch—
were to unite long before they reached the
main stem-from Omaha.
The central branch or the Atchison braneh
has completed one hundred miles of road. If
tlie Union Pacific, eastern division, had gone
in its original direction to make the connec-
tion, before it got to the one hundredth merid-
ian the Atchison branch would not have been
by tile map more than one hundred and fifty
miles long. There would have been only about
fifty miles more or in that neighborhood, from
forty to sixty, on which subsidies would have
been granted to the in in any event; perhaps
not more than thirty miles. It would depend
somewhat on the way in which the roa-d would
be run. ,; ,
This bill proposes to extend the subsidy, for
ose hondred and fifty miles, as reported, by
the committee. These persons £o:he to riS and
say "Inasmuch as we expected to have&wnnec^
tion with the eastern division, and you chawged
the direction of the eastern division, thereby
depriving us of it, you have destroyed the vahte
of our road, and the investments we have
made are not available for any purpose, and
we ask Congress to relieve us." If they selie'd
upon the letter of the law the feourts would be
the proper place for them to apply for relief.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senator from Neva-da give way to enable the
Chair to receive a message from the House of
Representatives ?
Mr. STEWART. Certainly; and I give
notice that I shall conclude my remarks on
another day.
death of iion. james iiinds.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersou, its Clerk, announced
the death of the Hon. James Hinds, late a
■member of the House from the State of Ark-
ansas ; and communicated the proceedings of
the House of Representatives thereon.
Mr. RICE. ' Mr. President, it becomes my
painful duty to announce the death of Hon.
James Hinds, late a member of the House' of
Representatives.
Mr. Hinds was born in Hebron, Washing-
ton county, State of New York, on the 5th
day of December, 1833. He studied law and
graduated at the Cincinnati law college in
185(1, and located for the practice of his pro-
fession at St. Peter, in the Slate of Minne-
sota. Shortly after he established himself
there he was elected district attorney, which
office he held, faithfully discharging his duties,
until 18G0.
Shortly after the breaking out of the late
war he entered the Federal Army as a private,
and was honorably discharged after several
months' service, fn 1885 he removed to the
city of Little Rock, in the State of Arkansas,
where he resumed the practice of his profes-
sion with fair success. He was an active and
prominent member of the State constitutional
convention that framed the present constitu-
tion of the State. He was in that convention
liberal toward the enemies of reconstruction
and just toward the colored people.
His manifest ability as one of the committee
on the judiciary caused the convention to select
him as one of the commissioners to codify the
laws of the State. He was, at the first election
after the adoption of the constitution by the
convention, elected to represent his district in
the Fortieth Congress of the United States.
The story of his death is too barbarous, too
atrocious, to detail with the ordinary feelings
that one would have had it been the result of
natural causes. I dislike this portion of rev
duty. I cannot think of the brutality that ac-
tuated the assassination, or the more deplor-
able fact that it was the result of party action
and a part of a great scheme by which the
State was to be cleared of all its prominent,
active Union men, without being inclined to
use language too harsh to be appropriate on
this sad occasion. I will therefore simply re-
cite the circumstances attending the murder.
It was during the recent presidential can-
vass. Mr. Hinds, beingan able-and very effect-
ive speaker, entered the canvass in behalf of
the Republican ticket. He and Hon. Joseph
Brook, than whom there is not a better
man or better speaker in tbe State, had a list
of appointments in a number of counties in
the eastern part of the State. Although the
times were anything but peaceable, although
assassinations in other parts of the State were
of almost daily occurrence, yet these two men,
without any regard for their personal safety,
determined to do what they conceived to be
their whole duty to theGovernment under which
they lived. Without other protection than
their natural but greatly misplaced confidence
iu what claimed to be a generous, law-abiding
people, th-ey started on their canvassing tour.
After filling several appointments they, On the
21st dav of October last, proceeded on their
m&f to fill an appointment at Mr. Evans's, in
Mortroe- county. In this county Mr. Hissbg
was aft^rttire stranger, and Mr. Brook had but
.few acqtiaihtances and no personal enemies.
At Indian Bay, six miles from the place of
meeting, they inquired at a store for an ac-
quaintance of Mr. Brook, and a stranger to
them volunteered to tell them that be had gone
to the speaking and gave them directions to the
place,', and tlivjy passed on.
When out about a mile and a half from Indian
-Bay, from the difference in the walking gait of
their horses, Mr. Brook led Mr. Hinds some
fifty yards. At this point, Mr. Brook heard
some one talking, and looked back and saw this
same man that had given them directions riding
alongside of and in afriendly conversation with
Mr. Hinds'. The man had a double-barreled
shot-gun in his hand. Thinking nothing of the
circumstance Mr. Brook rode on. In less than
a minute afterward he felt a blow in bis side
and heard the report of a gun. Immediately
looking back he heard another shot and saw
Mr. Hinds fall from his horse. Thns, in open
day, without the slightest warning he was mur-
dered. Mr. Brook put his horse at full speed
for assistance, but before it arrived some kind
man bad found Mr. Hinds and removed him
to his house, where he expired about two hours
after receiving the fatal shot. Mr. Brook was
shot in the side and thigh, and his wounds were
so serious that he has not yet recovered. The
murderer returned to Indian Bay and boasted
of what he had done. A coroner's jury were
summoned, and after hearing the evidence,
found ihat he came to his death by being shot,
and that George W. Clark was the murderer.
This George W. Clark was the secretary of the
Democratic club at Indian Bay, and not two
hours prior to the shooting participated in a
peace meeting of the leading men of both
parties, in which resolutions were passed dep-
recating violence and pledging themselves to
the preservation of peace and order in the
community. Such is the brief history of the
life and death of Mr. Hinds.
In the midst of life he found death. In the
6rime of manhood be became a martyr. Mr.
Einds had strong traits of character. His
success in -life was owing to those traits.
I know that it is usually the ease with most
persons when they see'a man in position to
inquire in their own minds how he came to be
selected for that place, what are his peculiar
traits of character that have caused his fellow-
citizens to elevate him to position. These are
the usual reflections, I suppose, of most men.
In the ease of the deceased the answer to
these inquiries could be readily made by any
one acquainted with him. He was a man of
strong convictions, strong will, very persistent
in the advocaey of what he thought right.
These characteristics manifested themselves
in a very marked degree after he turned his
attention to politics. He was one of the first
in the State of Arkansas that espoused the
cause of tbe colored people on the subject of
suffrage. At the time he commenced pressing
the matter Upon the public mind it was very
odious even to many leading men who after-
ward became its strong advocates. The oppo-
sition he met seemed to inspire him with
increased zeal-and fervor in behalf of what he
regarded And what was a great principle. Ha
embraced this doctrine long in advance of the
passage of the reconstruction acts, and con-
tended that through the enfranchisement of the
colored race alone could the reconstruction
of the southern States ever be effected. He
concentrated all his energies upon this one
question; it was the burden of all his speeches
and of all bis conversation upon politics. Of
course, be could give it ho shape until after
the passage of the reconstruction acts by Con-
gress.
Then his ideas took a practical form, and
his arguments became effectual; and many
who had before this joined in heaping odium
on him for his incendiary doctrines, as they
were termed, became themselves warm advo-
cates of the -same. It was bis persistent
