328
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
40th Cong. ... 3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
proceeds pay (1) the expenses of the trust,
(2) the balances of advances due the United
States, and (3) the surplus to the assignees;
and whereas the said deed of mortgage is still
binding on the "Atlantic," one of the said
steamships; and whereas a large amount is still
due on the said mortgage for expenses incurred
in executing the trust, which amount it is
claimed the Government is liable for; and
whereas the sale of the said steamship "At-
lantic" has been duly advertised according to
the terms of the mortgage, but never sold:
Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Navy be, and is hereby, directed to cause the
trustee named in the said deed of mortgage to
proceed at once, in such mode as the law and
deed of mortgage may authorize, to enforce
the lien upon said steamship "Atlantic," with
a view to the immediate payment of the ex-
penses of the trust, and any other balances
that may be due and owing upon the said mort-
gage.
Approved, February 19, 1869.
No. 10.—Joint Resolution authorizing the
Secretary of War to allow to the New York
and Oswego Midland Railroad Company a
Right of Way across a portion of the Public
Ground atFort Ontario, Oswego, New York,
for Railroad purposes.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
War Tie, and he is hereby, authorized to allow
to the New York and Oswego Midland Rail-
road Company a right of way through the pub-
lic land at Fort Ontario, Oswego, in the State
of New York, for railroad purposes, upon such
terms and conditions as he may think the de-
fenses at that point may require and make
proper, reserving to the United States the right
to remove, at the expense of the said company,
the rails, ties, and other parts of said road,
whenever the Secretary of' War shall direct,
without any claim or right of damages on the
part of said company.
Approved, February 19, 1869.
No. 11.—A Resolution in relation to Coast
Defense.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled,_ That the General of the
Army and the Admiral of the Navy, or in the
absence of the Admiral, then the vice admiral,
be authorized and directed to inquire into the
utility and practicability of the Ryan-Hitch-
cock mode of marine fortifications, and that
they report to Congress at the next session
thereof.
Approved February 19, 1869.
No. 14.—A Resolution proposing an Amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United
States.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, (two thirds of both Houses
concurring,) That the following article be
proposed to the Legislatures of the several
States as an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, which, when ratified by
three fourths of said Legislatures, shall be valid
as part of the Constitution, namely :
Article XV.
Section 1. The right of citizens of the Uni-
ted States to vote shall not be denied or abridged
by the United States or by any State on account
of race, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude.
Sec. 2. The Congress shall have power to
enforce this article by appropriate legislation.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Speaker of the Hoiise of Representatives.
B. F. WADE,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
Attest:
Edwd. McPherson-,
Clerk of House of Representatives.
Geo. C. Gorham,
Sec y of Senate U. S.
Received at Department of State February
27, 1809.
No. 15.—Joint Resolution gra[n]ting the Con-
' sent of Congress provided for in section ten
of the Act incorporating the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company, approved July second,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
Beit resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the consent of the
Congress of the United States is hereby given
to the Northern Pacific Railroad Company to
issue its bonds, and to secure the same by
mortgage upon its railroad and its telegraph
line, for the purpose of raising funds with
which to construct said railroad and telegraph
line between Lake Superior and Puget sound,
and also upon its branch to a point at or near
Portland, Oregon; and the term "Puget
sound," as used here and in the act incorpor-
ating said company, is hereby construed to
mean all the waters connected with the straits
of Juan de Fuca within the territory of the
United States.
Approved, March 1, 1869.
No. 16.—Joint Resolution in relation to the
Meeting of the House of Representatives at
the First Session of the Forty-First Con-
gress.
Beitresolvedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the time for the first
regular meeting of the House of Representa-
tives of the Forty-First Congress be, and is
hereby, postponed from twelve o'clock merid-
ian, on the fourth day of March, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-nine, to the hour of three o'clock
in the afternoon of the said day.
Approved, March 1,1869.
No. 17.—Joint Resolution in regard to the
Publication of Postal Conventions made with
Foreign Countries.
Beitresolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
State be authorized and directed to cause the
several postal conventions made with foreign
countries, under the provisions of the act of
March third, eighteen hundred and fifty-one,
or which may hereafter be made, to be pub-
lished in the same manner, and upon the same
terms, as is prescribed for the publication of
the treaties and laws of the United States.'
Approved, March 1, 1869.
No. 19.—A Resolution providing for the Re-
porting and Publication of the Debates in
Congress.
Be it resolvedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the joint Commit-
tee of Congress on Public Printing is hereby
authorized to contract, on behalf of the Gen-
eral Government, with Rives and Bailey for
the reporting and publication of the debates
in Congress for the term of two years, on and
from the fourth day of March, eighteen hun-
dred1 and sixty-nine: Provided, That, before
the United States shall be calledon to pay for
any reporting or publication of the debates,
the accounts therefor shall be submitted to the
joint Committee on Public Printing, or to
such other officer or officers of Congress as
they may designate, and on their or his appro-
bation thereof, as being in all respects accord-
ing to the contracts, it *hall be paid for from
the Treasury of the United States, after having
passed the proper accounting officers thereof.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That in
case the joint Committee on Public Printing
are unable to conclude a satisfactory contract
with the said Rives and Bailey, or that they
be unable to fulfil any contract that they may
make, the joint Committee on Printing be
authorized to have the debates reported and
printed under the direction of the Congressional
Printer at the Government Printing Office.
Sec. S. And be it further resolved, That for
the purpose aforesaid there be appropriated
and paid, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, the sura of three
hundred and fifty thousand dollars, or so much
thereof as may be necessary.
Apfiioyed, March 3, 1869.
No. 20.—A Resolution for Printing the Medi-
cal and Surgical History of the Rebellion.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be printed at
the Government Printing Office five thousand
copies of the first part of the Medical and Sur-
gical History of the Rebellion, compiled by
the Surgeon General under the direction of
the Secretary of War, and five thousand copies
of the Medical Statistics of the Provost Mar-
shal's Bureau, compiled and to be completed
by Surgeon J. H. Baxter, as authorized by an
act of Congress, approved July twenty-eight,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, which also
provides that the editions of both publications
tlius ordered shall be disposed of as Congress
may hereafter direct.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
No. 21.—A Resolution giving the Assent of
the United States to the Construction of the
Newport and Cincinnati Bridge.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the consent of Con-
gress be, and the same is hereby, given to the
erection of a bridge over the Ohio river from
the city of Cincinnati, Ohio, to the city of
Newport, Kentucky, by the Newport and Cin-
cinnati Bridge Company, a corporation char-
tered and organized under the laws of each
of the States of Kentucky and Ohio : Pro-
vided, That said bridge is built with an un-
broken or continuous span of not less than
four hundred feet in the clear, from pier to
pier, over the main channel of the river, and
is built in all other respects in accordance with
the conditions and limitations of ati act entitled
"An act to establish certain post roads," ap-
proved July fourteenth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two. That said bridge, when completed
in the manner specified in this resolution, shall
be deemed and taken to be a legal structure,
and shall be a post road for the transmission
of the mails of the United States; but Con-
gress reserves the right to withdraw the assent
hereby given in case the free navigation of said
river shall at any time be substantially and
materially obstructed by any bridge to be
erected under the authority of this resolution,
or to direct the necessary modifications and
alterations of said bridge.
Approved, March 3, 1809.
No. 22.—A Resolution more efficiently to Pro-
I tect the Fur Seal in Alaska.
Resolvedby the Senate and Jbmsc of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the islands of Saint
Paul and Saint George in Alaska be, and they
