1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
553
adherence to these sentiments, through evil as
well as good report, that marked him as a man
who could he trusted by the people. By his
course he had acquired a hold on the colored
people so strong that nothing that could be
said about him would shake their confidence
in him. He was a strong, forcible speaker,
with sufficient industry to be well posted on
any subject he attempted to discuss. His con-
victions were his politics. As to what is termed
policy he knew nothing and seemed to care
nothing for it. He was unsuspicious, and hence
easily deceived. With no disposition to vio-
lence toward others, he had childish confidence
that none would be inflicted on him, and
therefore was never prepared to resist or avoid
it. This is a brief history of him whom we
mourn to-day.
I can truthfully say of him that he lived a
patriot and died a martyr to the cause he
loved—the cause of man, the cause of his
country.
Mr. President, I move the adoption of the
following resolutions:
Resulvnd, That the Senate has received with pro-
found sensibility the announcement of the untimely
death of lion. James Hinds, late a member of the
House of Representatives from the State of Arkansas.
Ueaolv.d, That with a view of showing proper re-
spect for the memory of Hon. James Hinds, the
members and officers of the Senate will go into mourn-
ing by the usual mode of wearing crapo on the left
arm.
ttcxnfacd. That the Secretary of the Senate be di-
rected tocommunicate a copy of these piwcecdingsto
the fiimily of the decensed.
Resolved, That, as a further mark of rcspect forthe
memory of Mr. Hinds, the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. McDONALD. Mr. President, as one
of the Senators of Arkansas it is proper that
I should add a word to what has already been
so well said relative to the untimely death ot'
our lamented friend. His history and services
have been recounted by those who knew him
far better than I knew him. My acquaintance
with liim began with his first settlement in
Arkansas, and I have known him since as the
stern arid determined supporter of the princi-
ples of good government, and the relentless
and uncompromising foe of treason in all its
forms.
Although a Democrat at the period of Mr.
Lincoln's first election, in the stirring events
that followed he patriotically ranged himself
on the side of the Administration, and devoted
all the energies of his character and intellect
to the earnest support of the Government of
his country. His manly nature held no sym-
pathy with treason, and in the stern struggle
for the life of the nation his was no doubtful
or uncertain utterance. The war found him a
Democrat, but left him a Republican.
As during the war he espoused the side of
the Government, so in the reconstruction of
his adopted State his voice and influence were
given in behalf of loyalty and freedom, and
against those who had sought to sunder and
destroy the perpetual Union of the States. In
the maintenance and advocacy of those princi-
ples so dear to his heart and the country, those
principles which have been enacted into statutes
and become the law of the land, he was stricken
down by the hand of the assassin, and his
name has been added to the brilliant roll of
heroes and martyrs whose lives have been sac-
rificed because of their devotion to the coun-
try ; and history will record and remember this
sacrifice as warmly and gratefully as if his life
was yielded on the stricken field of battle and
amid the crash of hostile legions. The valor
and heroism he exhibited in maintaining and
defending his principles were equal to that of
the " hero of an hundred battle-fields;" and
yet dead indeed must be the heart of patriot-
ism in the State of Arkansas before his memory
can be permitted to perish from our midst.
He needs wo eulogy from me. His life and
death are written in the hearts of his people,
and history will erect his monument for the
admiration and sympathy of future years.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, it is with
hesitation that I add a word on this melan-
choly occasion, audi doit only in compliance
with the suggestion of others.
I did not know Mr. Ilixns personally, but
I have been interested in his life and touched
by his tragical end. Born in New York, edu-
cated in Ohio, a settler in Minnesota,, and then
a citizen of Arkansas, be carried with him
always the energies and principles ripened
under our northern skies. He became a Rep-
resentative in Congress, and, better still, a vin-
dicator of the rights of man. Unhappily that
barbarism which we call slavery is not yet
dead, and it was his fate to fall under its vin-
dictive assault. Pleading for the equal rights
of all, he became a victim and martyr.
Thus suddenly arrested in life, his death is a
special sorrow, not only to family and friends,
but to the country which he had begun to serve
so well. The void when a young man dies is
measured less by what he has done than by the
promises of the future. Performance itself is
forgotten in the ample assurance afforded by
character. Already Mr. Hinds had given him-
self sincerely and bravely to the good cause.
By presence and speech he was urging those
great principles of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, whose complete recognition will be
the cap-stone of our Republic, when he fell
from the stealthy shot of an assassin, it was
in the midst of this work that he fell, and on
this account 1 am glad to offer my tribute to
his memory.
As the lite he led was not without honor, so
his death was not without consolation. It was
the saying of antiquity that, it is sweet to die
for country. Here was death not only for
country hut for mankind. Nor is it to he for-
gotten that, dying in such a cause, his living
voice is echoed from the tomb. There is a
testimony in death often greater than in any
life. The cause for which a man dies lives
anew in his death. " If the assassination could
trammel up the consequence," then might the
assassin find some other satisfaction than the
gratification of a barbarous nature. But this
cannot lie. His own soul is blasted ; the cause
he sought to kill is elevated ; and thus it is
now. The assassin is a fugitive in some un-
known retreat. The cause is about to triumph.
Often it happens that death, which takes
away life, confers what life alone cannot give.
It makes famous. History does not forget
Lovejoy, who for devotion to the cause of the
slave' was murdered by a fanatical mob, and
it has already enshrined Abraham Lincoln in
holiest keeping. Another is added to the roll;
less exalted than Lincoln, less early in immo-
lation than Lovejoy, but like these two, to be
remembered always among those who passed
out of life through the gate of sacrifice.
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I would not
dispel the impression which the eloquenltruths
uttered by the Senator from Massachusetts
have made upon this body ; but I would sim-
ply say, that while I have not had time to
prepare for presentation the thoughts^ which
have occurred to me in connection with the
assassination of Mr. Hinds, there are one or
two considerations which I will present.
I knew Mr. Hinds personally. Agreeing
with Mr. Carlyle in his admiration for earnest
and sincere men, I can say of Mr. Hinds, from
personal knowledge, that he was an earnest and
a sincere man, and therefore a hero worthy of
our best admiration. But there is a lesson
which we may draw from the story that has been
detailed to us. To-day the American Senate
is sitting and passing resolutions of respect for
a man who died for his political opinions. We
are to-day confessing the fact, in the face of
this great people and of the civilized world,
that there are districts in this country where
an American citizen may not go and be a free-
man without fear of the assassin's knife.
Mr. President, this is a melancholy confes-
sion for the Senate and Congress and people
of the United States to make. This nation has
shown that it has the power to subdue armed
rebellion; to crush millions of armed men whose
hands were raised to strike against the flag of
the country; but it has not yet shown—1 hops
it may show—thatit has also the power to reach
its strong hand down to the humblest of its
citizens, to take within the arms of its protect-
ing power the lowliest of its citizens, and pro-
tect and cover them with its shield. It is this
lesson which Iwouldhave the Senate learn from
this tragic event: to see by what means we may
give that protection which all men have a right
to demand.
Thisis not a singular occurrence, my brother
Senators. Those of us who are familiar with
the condition of things at the South know that
in some sections of the country every man
who went forth to the exercise of the rights of
an American citizen, to proclaim his political
opinions and to urge the election of General
Grant to the Presidency, carried his life in his
hand. Two of the men who sheltered me in
my campaign in Alabama last summer, two of
those who gave me hospitable welcome under
their roofs, within a week afterward were
assassinated.
These things exist to some extent in the
southern States. Now let the impression be
left upon our minds by this sad event that we
shall protect everywhere American citizens in
the exercise of their constitutional and natural
rights.
The resolutions were agreed to nem. coil.;
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 23, 1869.
The House metat twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntojt.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
lhavb of absence.
Mr. Mooiie obtained leave of absence for
three days.
expenses op subsistence bureau.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, transmitting a letter from
the Commissary General of Subsistence, asking
an appropriation of $9,000 for the contingent
expenses of his office ; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
refunding of taxes.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, by
unanimous consent, the Committee on the
Judiciary was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bil! (H. IS. No. 1548) to reg-
ulate the refunding of taxes paid into the
Treasury of the United States; and the same
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
registers in bankruptcy.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, by
unanimous consent, the Committee on the
Judiciary was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill ( II. R. No. 1-107) repeal-
ing so much of the third section of the general
bankrupt law, approved March 2, 1867, as
directs the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court
of the United States to nominate and recom-
mend registers in bankruptcy, and to vest that
appointing power in the President of the Uni-
ted States; and the same was referred to the
Committee on Revision of Laws of the United
States.
pay of unwed status marshals.
On motion of Mr. BLAINE, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Appropriations was
discharged from the further consideration of a
communication from the Secretary of the In-
ferior, transmitting, in compliance with the
House resolution of the 18th ultimo, a state-
ment showing the amount due and necessary
to pay certain United States marshals for ser-
vices in connection with the eighth census, in
1800; and the same was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
