mi
Till; £0MGRESSK>IM& #LC«.
J anuary ;23,
mississippi and mexican gulf canal,.-
On motion of Mr. BLAINE, also, by unani-
mous consent, the Committee on Appropria-
tions was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the bill (H. R!. No. 1520)'concerning
the Mississippi atid Mexican Gulf and Ship-
Ciimtl Company, asking an appropriatioft'of
$300,000: and the 'same was referred "fo* tire
Committee on Roads and Canals."'
st. maryV falls siiip-ca^al".
On motion of Mr. BLAINE, also, by unani-
mous consent, (.he Committer, on Appropria-
tions was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the petition of citizens of Philadel-
phia, -^asking for appropriations for the, im-
provement'ctf St. Mary's river and St. .Mary's
Jallsiship-canal; and the same was referred to
th,e Committee on Roads and Canals.
inventors of new fruit.
Mr. RBTCHAM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1759) to encourage
and protect inventors of new kinds of fruit;
whicu was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Patents.
buildings in washington. ' .
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State, Secretary
of War, Secretary of the Navy, Secretaty of the
Treasury, and of the Interior be requested to furnish
the House with a statement of the buildings and
premises held and occupied by their Departments,
respectively, in thocity of Washington underlease
for rent: for what purposes so hold; the owners of
the respective buildings: how long said buildings
or premises have been so held; what time the leases
severally have to run; the amount of the annual
rentof said premises as so leased, respectively, and
whether any such buildings can be dispensed with.
property of william t. harris.
Mr. KELSEY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, atid agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be, and he
is hereby, directed to inform this House whether any,
and if any what, measures have been taken by the
United States Government to recover from the
Government of Brazil the property of William T.
Harris, an American citizen, wliodied atBahia in the
year 1882, and whose property itis alleged was seized
by officers of the ■ Brazilian Government after his
death, notwithstanding the protest of the United
States consul;'and the Secretary of State is directed
to send to this House copies of all correspondence
with the Government of Brazil, and papers relating
to the estate of William T. Harris, deceased, that are
on filo in his Department.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
the committee had examined and found truly
enrolled an act (H. R. No. 1558) to amend an
act entitled " An act to prescribe the mode of
obtaining evidence in case of contested elec-
tions," approved February 19, 1851 ; when
the Speaker signed the same.
western military claims.
On motion of Mr. SPALDING, by unani-
mous consent, the joint resolution (H. R. No.
404) providing for the disposition of certain
papers relating to military claims accruing in
the department of the West, returned from
the Senate with an amendment, was taken up.
The amendment of the Senate was to strike
out all of the resolution after the'words "to
be," in the ninth line, in the following words:
" examined; and such part thereof as has any
bearing on eases pending in the Court of Claims
shall be printed and received in said Court of
Claims as if it wei"e evidence taken under com-
mission from said court, subject, however, to
reexamination or cross-examination of the wit-
nesses by either party," and',to insert the word
"printedso that the resolution will read:
a!1 the p pers and evidence jeturned to the
Avar Department by the Davis, Holt, and Campbell
commission (touching claims against the department
of the West accruing immediately before the 14th of
October, 1861,) shall be surrendered and turned over
to the Attorney General, whose duty it shM'1>e*-to
cause the evidence to be printed. " ■
Mr. SPALDING moved that the amend-
ment of the Senate be non-concurred in .and
a conference asked on the disagreeing votfesof
the two Houses thereon..
, The motion was agreed to,; and the Speaker
appointed Mr. ' Spalpijjg, Mr. BeasTas, and
Mr. Holman managers of the conference on
the part of the House.
' • mess ag® from- the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had passed a'joint, resolution (S. R.
No. 20t)) reappointing Louis Agassiz a regent
of the Smithsonian Institution ; in which the
concurrence ofthe House was requested.
The message further informed the House that
the Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference upon the'disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the bill (H. R.
No. 1558) to amend an act entitled "An act
to prescribe the mode of obtaining evidence in
case of contested elections," approved Febru-
ary 19, 1851.
miami, indians of indiana.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1760) to secure to
certain members of the Miami tribe of Indians,
who reside in Allen and Huntington counties,
Indiana, the lands to which they are entitled ;
which was read a first , and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. .WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the various votes of reference; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The.latter motion was agreed to.
b. & o. r. r. depot, washington.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of
Columbia bo instructed to inquire whether the depot
of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad in Washington
ought not to be removed from its present site, north
of and near the Capitol, to some point more remote
from the public grounds, and whore it will less inter-
fere with and injure city property and obstruct the
course of city improvements; and that the said com-
mittee report at the earliest practicable day by bill
or otherwise.
defalcation, etc.,in idaho.
Mr. HIGBY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to send to this House all information in his
possession in relation to a contract made with Frank
C.Kenyon to print certain statutes passed and jour-
nals kept by the Legislature of the Territory of Idaho;
whether the books have been delivered in accord-
ance with the terms of the contract; whether the
money has been paid for the books ; what amount
was paid, when paid, and to whom; and also to send
with the other information a copy of the report made
by special commissioners, H. C. Street and W. It.
Defrees, filed Oetoher 18,1868, in relation to this mat-
ter among others; and also all information in rela-
tion to the defalcation of Horace C. Gillson, former
secretary of Idaho Territory, how the money deliv-
ered to him was to be disbursed, and what amount
of money was lost by the Government through his
defalcation.
cession of public buildings.
Mr. FLANDERS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 414)
ceding the buildings at Fort Steilaeoom to
Washington Territory for an insane asylum ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Territories, and, with
the accompanying papers, ordered to be
printed.
georgia contested-election case.
Mr. DAWES. I give notice that it is my
intention, at the first moment special assign-
ments will permit, to call up the contested-elec-
tion case from Georgia.
rights of women in the district.
Mr. ARNELL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a'bill (H. R. No. 1761) for the better
protection of the rights of women in the Dis-
trict of Columbia1} which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia, and ordered to b,e printed.
' order of business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The first
business iti order to-day I understand to be
rthe question of suffrage brought up -by the
gentleman- from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bout-
well,] by a motion to reconsider. I would like
to inquireofthe Chair what is the present con-
ditipn of the business ofthe House, and I desire
tQ-know what course the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts intends to pursue in regard to the
business of which :he has charge. I desire this
information to. enable me to direct my action in
inferences.to the.appropriation bills. First, I
would inquire of the Chair the present con-
dition of the business of the-House ?
The SPEAKER. By the unanimous order
of the House th6 bill in regard to the Denver
Pacific railway: is made the special order after
the morning hour each day until disposed of.
Upon days when there is no morning hour—-as
upon Thursday last, when the Missouri con-
tested-election case was considered—that bill
does not come up. , After that bill shall be dis-
posed of the next bill which is made the spe-
cial order is a bill reported by the gentleman
from-Maine, [Mr. Lynch,] in regard to specie
payments. A motion to reconsider, -however,
is privileged above all other motions, except a
motion to adjourn, and can be called up imme-
diately after the reading of the Journal on any
day.
Mr. WASHB-URNE, of Illinois. The busi-
ness of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Boutwell] would, then, take precedence
of everything else.
The SPEAKER. It will take precedence of
the morning hour and of special orders.
, Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
after to-day the gentleman from Massachusetts
will consent to a postponement of the busi-
ness in his charge until some future time, so that
on Monday we may get at the Denver Pacific
railway bill and dispose of it as soon as possi-
ble. And I wish to give notice thai, imme-
diately after that bill shall have been disposed
of I shall move to gO into Committee of the
Whole, from day to day, until the legislative
appropriation bill shall have been disposed of.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. I do not
understand that the morning hour of Tuesday
next will be interfered with by the business of
my colleague, [Mr. Bout well. ]
The SPE AKER., It will be, unless, by a ma-
jority vote the House shall postpone that busi-
ness until after the morning hour of that day.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I desire to state a cir-
cumstance which may to some extent modify
the course I had at first intended to pursue in
regard to the business which I propose to bring
before the House this morning, by calling up
my motion to reconsider. Thegentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge,] a member of the
Judiciary Committee, who expects to speak
upon this question, does not understand in pre-
cisely the same way that I do a conversation
which we had in reference to this matter. My
desire is to arrange as far as possible so as to
accommodate my course upon this bill to what
he understands to have been the nature of the
conversation betweenus; andtherefore, observ-
ing bis understanding of our conversation, 1
cannot consistently call for the vote on this
measure before Friday or Saturday next. 1
would be glad to call*for it earlier, and would
do so if it were not for this circumstance.
After to-day, on Monday next, I will ask the
House t,o hold an evening session, for debate
only, if there are members who desire to dis-
cuss this proposition. I will not interfere with
the morning hour of Tuesday, and will not call
for a vote before Friday next. I will endeavor
to carry out the arrangement'I have stated,
keeping, however, control of the measure, so
as to get a vote in six or seven days. .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois: I do not
understand the gentleman to say-thatthe entire
time of the House will be taken on Monday
with this bill.
v Mr. BOUTWELL; Not at all •> only the
evening session.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I only desire that there
may be a - perfeet understanding of what the
gentleman'tron)' Massachusetts designs to do in
