PRIVATE ACTS OF THE FORTIETH CONGRESS
of the
UNITED STATES,
Passed at the Third Session, which was begun and held at the City of Washington, in the District of Columbia, on
Monday, the *Jth day of December, A. D. 1868, and was adjourned loithout day on Thursday, the ith day of
March, A. D. 1869.
Andrew Johnson, President. Benjamin F. Wade, President of the Senate. Schuyler Colfax, Speaker of the
House of Representatives, until the 3d day of March, A. D. 1869, on which day he resigned, and Theodore
M. Pomeroy was elected Speaker, and so acted for the remainder of the session.
Chap. I.—An Act to relieve from Disabilities
Franklin J. Moses, a citizen of South Caro-
lina.
Be it enacted by th e Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in.
Congress assembled, (two thirds of each House
concurring therein.) That all political disabil-
ities imposed on Franklin J. Moses, a citizen
of South Carolina, by reason of the third sec-
tion of the fourteenth article of the amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States,
be, and the same are hereby, removed.
Approved, December 11, 1868.
Chap. III.—An Act to authorize the Secretary
of State to adjust the Claim of Gustavus G.
Cushman for Office Rent while Commis-
sioner under the Reciprocity Treaty.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
State is hereby authorized to reopen and adjust
the accounts of Gustavus G. Cushman, late
commissioner of fisheries under the late reci-
procity treaty with Great Britain, so far as
relates to a claim for office rent, upon the same
basis as allowed to all the successors of said
Cushman in said office.
Approved, December 15, 1868.
Chap. V.—An Act to relieve certain Persons
of all Political Disabilities imposed by the
Fourteenth Article of the Amendments to
the Constitution of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, (two thirds of each House
concurring therein,) That all political disabili-
ties imposed by the fourteenth article of the
amendments of the Constitution of the United
States upon the following citizens of South
Carolina, viz: Andrew Ramsey, of Edgefield
county; W. L. Hewiotz, of Sumter county;
William A. McDaniels, James Harrison, and
John H. Goodwin, of Greenville county ; Wil-
liam J. Mixson, of Barnwell county; Johnson
J- Knox, of Sumter county ; J. J. Klein, John
W. Burbridge, and Charles B. Farmer, of Col-
leton county; and George Buist, of Charleston
county ; A. L. McCaslan and William Hill, of
Abbeville county; John F. Porteous, of Beau-
fort county: C. W. McFadden, of Chester
county; R. H. Edmunds, of Fairfield county ;
Alexander McBee, H. M. Smith, and William
331
E. Earle, of Greenville county; W. H. Lang-
ston, of Laurens county; John C. Secrest, of
Lancaster county; Julius L. Shanklin, of Oco-
nee county; Thompson H. Cooke, George Bol-
iver, and William N. Mount, of Orangeburg
county; Spartan D. Goodlett, R. E. Holcombe,
John W. Singleton, L. N. Robbins, and James
E. Hagood, of Pickens county; John Heart
and William H. Tally, of Richland county; P.
Quin Camp and A. E. Smith, of Spartanburg
county; R. L. Heriot, of Sumter county ; and
Charles W. Geddes, of Charleston county,
South Carolina; and Edward Cantwell, of
Hanover county ; and W. J. Clarke, of Craven
county, North Carolina; and DeWitt C. Sen-
ter, of Granger county, Tennessee ; on account
of participation in the recent rebellion, be, and
the same are hereby, removed.
Approved, December 23, 1868.
Chap. VI.—An Act for the Relief of Joseph
Moorehead.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Joseph Moorehead,
of Ohio, lately a passed midshipman in the
United States Navy, now insane, shall be
admitted as a patient into the Naval and Mil-
itary Asylum for the Insane, at Washington
city, District of Columbia, and remain therein
so long as he shall continue insane and his
guardian shall so desire.
Approved, January 0, 1869.
Chap. VIII.—An Act to relieve from Disabili-
ties John G. Stokes, a citizen of Alabama.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, (two thirds of each House
concurring therein,) That all political disabil-
ities imposed on John G. Stokes, a citizen of
Alabama, by reason of the fourteenth article
of the amendments to the Constitution of the
United States, be, and the same are hereby,
removed.
. Approved, January 8, 1869.
Chap. X.—An Act for the Relief of Mrs.
Emma Wilson, of the State of Indiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be authorized to pay to Mrs. Emma
Wilson, of Indiana, one quarter's salary of her
deceased husband, James Wilson, as minister
to Venezuela.
Approved, January 14, 1869.
Chap. XI.—An Act to provide for the Re-
moval of the Remains of Hon. W. T. Cogges-
hall, late Minister of the United States at
Ecuador, to the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That tbe Secretary of State
be, and hereby is, authorized to provide for
the removal of the body of Honorable William
T. Coggeshall, late minister of the United
States at Ecuador, to the United States, and
that of his daughter; and that a sum not ex-
ceeding one thousand dollars be, and hereby
is, appropriated, out of any money not other-
wise appropriated, to defray the expense of
said removal; and that the sum of one thou-
sand dollars be, and is hereby, appropriated
for the relief of the family of the deceased
W. T. Coggeshall.
Approved, January 18, 1869.
Chap. XII.—An Act to relieve William H.
Bagley, of Wake county, North Carolina.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, (two thirds of each House
concurring therein,) That all political disabil-
ities imposed by the third section of the four-
teenth article of the amendments to the Consti-
tution of the United States be, and the same
are hereby, removed from William H. Bagley,
of the county of Wake, in the State of North
Carolina.
Approved, January 18, 1869.
Chap. XIV.—An Act to relieve from Disabil-
ities R. W. Best and Samuel F. Phillips, of'
North Carolina.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, (two thirds of each House
concurring,) That all political disabilities im-
posed by the United States upon R. W. Best
and Samuel F. Phillips, of North Carolina, iu
consequence of participation in the recent re-
bellion, be, and the same are hereby, removed.
Approved, January 22, 1809.
