1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
555
regard to this bill. I certainly did understand
that the gentleman from Massachusetts, if al-
lowed to make his report at the time he did
■without, objection, would at some day there-
after, to suit hisown convenience, call it up and
make his speech on it, and if there were any
other gentlemen on bis side of the House who
wished to debate it they should have the op-
portunity. I supposed when he called it up to-
day that such would be the order, that he would
make his speech on the bill, and others on hi3
side who wished to speak on it should have the
floor, and that then the discussion should be
nostponed for one week. Whether it is Friday
or Saturday next does not make any particular
difference to me, so far as I am personally con-
cerned. This understanding I gave to my
friends, that that was the order in which the
bill would be discussed. They so understood
it. But there is one gentleman on our side who
is prepared to make his speech to day, and
there will be no misunderstanding between the
gentleman from Massachusetts and myself if
he shall make his speech and then yield the
floor to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Knott,] to submit his remarks. There are
other gentlemen on this side of the House who
wish to make speeches, and if the bill be post-
poned until next Friday or Saturday that will
be understood.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I cannot consent to that,
for that is different from any understanding I
could have had with the gentleman from Wis-
consin. As far as the business of the House
will permit, I desire that the discussion on this
bill shall run on during every hour that I can
control between this and next Friday. I under-
stood that the extreme limit asked by the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin was that he should
speak one week after I made my speech.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. The gentleman from
Massachusetts could not have so understood
me, it seems to me. He proposed to report
the bill without a written report, and to bring
it up at the time he did. I tried to get him to
make a written report, so that we might know
something about the course intended to be pur-
sued. He knew that I had been engaged on
the sub-committee, and that my whole time
had been occupied with the investigation into
the charges against Judge Busteed ever since
it had commenced. Finally, he told me, as I
understood him, that he would report the bill,
and at some time afterward, convenient to
himself, make liis speech, and then consent to
its postponement. I so understood him; and
when the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Bkck] objected I went to him, and he with-
drew it 011 the understanding which I have
just stated. I hope the gentleman will not in-
sist on any other order, because it was on that
understanding that the bill was allowed to be
reported.
Mr. HIGrBY. I ask whether any member
has the control of a measure of this kind so
aa to say when it shall be postponed, and when
acted upon ? If there is any such understand-
ing T hope the House will take into its own
hands the control of a matter of such import-
ance to the country.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I resume the floor.
Mr. McKEE. I call for the regular order.
SUFFRAGE.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Boutweij,, ] to reconsider the vote by
which the bill (H. Ii. No. 1607) to secure
equal privileges and immunities to citizens of
the United States, and to enforce the pro-
visions of article fourteen of the amendments
to the Constitution, and the resolution (H. R.
No. 402) proposing an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States, were recom-
mitted to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The gentleman from Massachusetts now calls
up that motion, and is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I do not think it neces-
sary for me to consume the time of the House
in discussing the conversation which I had
with the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Eldridge.] My object was not to make any
arrangement by which the business of the
House should be improperly controlled, but
as the gentleman was a member of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and was engaged upon
a sub-committee in the service of the House,
and desired to speak upon this subject, it was,
of course, natural and proper for me to seek
to so arrange the conduct of this measure as
to give him an opportunity to be heard. That
is all I designed to do, and I beg the gentle-
man from California [Mr. Higby] to take no-
tice of it. For the future conduct of the bill I
can only say that it is my desire that the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin shall have an oppor-
tunity to be heard on Thursday or Friday ; but
if the House judges otherwise, and takes con-
trol of tho measure, the House will be respons-
ible for its own action. «
' This measure, or these two measures,Which
have been reported together by the J udViary
Committee, are the last as far as 1 can foi\se
of a series of great measures growing ou _
the rebellion, and necessary for the reorgani-
zation and pacification of the country, with
which the Republican party to a large extent,
through their Representatives and Senators in
the Thirty-Eighth, Thirty-Ninth, and Fortieth
Congresses, has been charged. I say that this
measure, as far as X can foresee, is the last of
those great measures, and for this reason : if
we secure to all the people of the country,
without distinction of race or color, the privi-
lege of the elective franchise, we have then
established upon the broadest possible basis
of republican equality the institutions of the
country, both state and national.
I am persuaded, by my experience upon
those other questions and by tho circumstances
in which we are now placed, that it is impos-
sible, whatever may be the desire of individual
members of the House, whatever may be the
wishes, or the hopes, or the prejudices of any
portions of the people of the country, for us
to escape this issue as a Congress and as a party.
I shall speak to-day with great freedom upon
the responsibility of the Republican party to
the country. 1 know it is not customary in a
legislative assembly to present measures in
what is called a party aspect, and 1 will there-
fore state to the House very briefly tho reasons
for the course I now pursue.
Those reasons are largely based on the decla-
ration that the Republican party stands in a
relation to the country and to certain great
questions and interests differently from any
other party that has existed since the revolu-
tionary era. During all previous time since
the close of the revolutionary war parties have
divided upon questions of administration, upon
a difference of ideas as to what the public
policy of the country should be. During the
revolutionary war the differences between the
Whigparty and the Tory party were more com-
prehensive and fundamental. One party main-
tained the right of the Colonies to a separate
and independent existence as a nation, and the
other denied that right. We stand to-day in
an analogous position. The Democratic party
of this country as a party organization, from
the opening of the war to the present time, has
been identified with all those ideas and meas-
ures which were calculated in their nature and
in their operation to prevent the restoration
of the Union by and through the agency of war
for the suppression of the rebellion. It is a
| noticeable fact, which we do not to-day suffi-
ciently appreciate, that this nation is indebted
to the Republican party for its existence.
Therefore, I say that the Republican party
i organization is responsible, and it cannot
escape being responsible, for the consummation
of those measures which are necessary to the
perpetuity and to the peace of a nation which
the Republican party has saved from overthrow.
One of the measures reported by the com-
mittee is a bill to secure equal privileges and
immunities to citizens of the United Stales, and
to enforce the provisions of article fourteen of
the amendment to the Constitution. The other
is a joint resolution proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States. I am
aware that there are persons who believe that
all that is necessary to be done should be done
by an act of Congress. There are others who
are of opinion that the subject is not within the
proper scope of legislative power, and that the
only way to secure equality of suffrage to the
people of this country, without distinction of
race or color, is by an amendment to the
Constitution.
As I proceed I shall state the reasons why I
am not willing to rely exclusively upon a law
of Congress, and also the reasons why I think
it not wiso to submit a constitutional amend-
ment without the aid of legislation. For the
present I only desire to say that the committee,
I believe—certainly in speaking for myself I
am able to say it—invite examination and criti-
cism injegard to the phraseology as well as to
the(<«l5jects proposed by the bill and by the
istitationai amendment, it being our pur-
pose to make the two measures as perfect as
possible without regard to the paternity of the
words employed. I shall direct my remarks
generally to the provisions of the bill. The
first section of the bill is in these words:
That no State shall abridgo or deny the right «f
any citron of the United Statos to vote for electors
of Presidentaud Vice President of tho United States
or for Representatives in Congress, or for members
of tho Legislature of the State in which lio may re-
side, by reason of race, color, or previous condition
of slavery ; and any provisions in tho laws or consti-
tution of any State inconsistent with this section are
hereby declared to be null and void.
The second and third sections are remedial
and punitive, and are not necessary to be con-
sidered particularly in the discussion in which
I am now engaged. The fourth section of this
bill is framed in accordance with and by au-
thority of the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution. It is in these words :
That any person disqualified jby section throe of
article fourteen of tho amendments to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and from whom such dis-
ability shall not have boen removed by act of Con-
gress, who shall exercise the powers and duties of
any otlieo therein specified, shall bo deemed fruilty
of a misdemeanor, and beinft convicted thereof shall
bo impiisoncd and kept at hard labor for the term
oflwoyearx; and an indictraentforthesarncmaybe
found at any timo within ten years from the com-
mission ot the offense.
The purpose of this section is clear. There
are in many of the States, those that have been
reconstructed, those that are still under military
government, as well as in the State of Kentucky,
and perhaps in some other States that were not
engaged in the rebellion, men who by the four-
teenth article of amendment are disqualified
from holding office. While, as I shall have occa-
sion to say, wc are not in our legislation to be
governed by any feeling of resentment or mal-
ice, I still think it is due to the supreme and
solemn character of the fourteenth amendment
to the Constitution that Congress should enforce
it against every man who by that provision is
disqualified; and after having enforced it, we
may then consider whether those men should
be relieved of their disqualifications. But f
hold it to have been a duty on the part of every
man who professes now to be loyal to the Gov-
ernment of his country and who was holding
office when the fourteenth amendment was
adopted to resign his office, and thereby rec-
ognize the supremacy of the Constitution of the
United States.
It will be seen that the first section of
this bill, which contains all the essential pro-
visions with reference to the right of suffrage,
limits tho operation of the law to elections for
President and Vice President, Representatives
in Congress, and to members of the State
Legislatures. It will also be seen, by the argu-
ment which I shall submit, based upon the
Constitution of the United States, that the
powers of Congress are probably broader than
those set forth and asserted in the section of
the bill which 1 have just read; but inasmuch
as I believe all the objects which we are jiow
seeking can be accomplished by the legislation
here proposed, and the right of every citizen,
whether black or white, native-born or natu-
ralized citizen, can be secured within a reason-
i able period of time. 1 am in favor of Isgislat-
