THE). €ON0RM61ONi4I/ 0LOBB.
January 23>
ing so.-f«P.o6% as iriaybe.'n-ecfissaryto ;seoare
those object s,not waiving, however,.ori® any
way: (jaalifjjng tihe. assertion of tke.eanatata-.
tional. right ia Geogress to .legislate upoa-ithe
giibjectof Ahe franchise* ev«n ni reference to
(lie eleotio&Qf officers <n«t itamed in thissecr
tion of <Jje .Mil, . Th«&e;.who, are familiar with
ths ■debates which -toukplaee in .the; eoayen-,
tion that framed the Constitution of the United
States, and especially those who have Bead the
debates th«t-.took place'.'in the, several Sfcte
eoHvemtions u,po  the subject of ratifying the,
Constitution of the United States, must have,
been isteuek with .the circumstance that-all the
friends of .the Constitution asserted that there
was power ia tii  Constitution over the elect-;
ive franchise to an extent which would enable
the national Government to preserve its own
existence independently of any .action on. the
part of the States. If this Government b&not
a mere confederacy, held together by uW ,
merest thread, this mast be tr,a.e in the nature
of the case. ;If the declaration ia the preamble
that we are a people has any meaning ; if the
Constitution which the people of the United
States as one people established has any vir-
tue or any fare*;, any power to accomplish the
purposes of a Government, then in this. Gov-
ernment there must be constitutional means by
which those charged with, the administration
can provide for its preservation and continu-
ance.
I am now dealing with general principles,
and not with the tex,t;of the Constitution, to
which I shall come ere long- Upon general
principles there must be power in the national
Government to provide whatever is necessary
for its own preservation. But if the doctrine
of those who maiutain that the whole question
of suffrage is vested in the States be true, then
the Suites may refuse to choose electors; they
way refu.se to send members to this House ; they
may refuse to choose Senators by their Legis-
latures, and thus the Governmentof the United
States would come to ao end, There would be
no ProskleBt; there would be no Senate ; there
would be no House of Representatives, and the
Governmentwould consequently cease to exist.
Sir, I know not in the darkest days of the
Republic, .when Stat®-rights were triumphant,
I know not of any theory more destructive to
national existence and public liberty more
directly opposed to the nature of. cur Govern-
ment than that which is now avowed. It is a
remnant of ancient and false traditions not
supported by the Constitution. I shall ask the
House to consider what the Constitution does
declare upon the subject of suffrage. It will
be found that there is no word or phrase in
the instrument which tolerates the idea that
the existence of this great Government, conti-
nental in its dimensions, is at thewerpy of the
States through defects in o-u>r fundamental law.
I come now to the provisions of .the Consti-
tution of the United States bearing upon the
question of suffrage. J read first that pro?
vision on which I suppose much reliance is
placed to sustain the doctrine that the power
over the question of suffrage ia, to a certain
extent, vested absolutely in the. States. • The
second section of the first article of the Con-
stitution is in these words:
"Tho House of Representatives shall be composed
of members cDosen every second year by the people
of tho several States; and the electors in each State
shall have the qualifications requisite for electors of
tho most numerous branch of the State Legislature."
It has been assumed, upon this section of the
Constitution, that each State has the power
absolutely to fix the qualifications of electors
of the most numerous branch of the Legisla-
lature, and that therefore thepower of Congress,
if it existed at all in reference to the electiort
of .Representatives to Congress, was controlleid
by what the State might have done in reference
to electors for members of the most numerous
branch of its Legislature. But if gentlemen
will look at the phraseology of this-section as
it stands they will see that, it does not give
power to the States in reference to -the qualifi-
cation of voters; that it does not give power
to the United States-in reference to the quali-
fications of voters; thafr.it does;not take pcKwes
from,.the-States, nor-does it take power; from
the U-nitfed States.'--- Ji-menely.defclare&itliefact
that the -voters for fiepBesentatiyesi«-Co gre«s
shall possess"-the - qualifications-. of 'voters for
members ®f the most numerous branch of the
State!LegislatHre. it is an injunction toithe
States if tbey have-the power to prescribe the-
qualifications,ioS voters ; it is an -injunction to
the bational Government if the national Gov-
ernment hasthat power. But there is no declar-
ation in this section that either has the power,
arid certainly not that either has the power to
the exclusion of the other. But the fourth sec-
tion of the--same article of the Constitution
further provides .that-—'
"Thettmes, places, and manner of holding elections
forSena-tors and Representatives, shall beprescnb,e4
in each .State by the Legislature thereof."
If the provision, ended here, the theory jvhich
is maintained by gentlemen who deny- the
propositions contained in this :bill would be
^supported by the Constitution :
"The times, places'.'Snd manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators aod -Representatives shall be pre-
scribed in each State by the Legislature thereof."
The word " manner," in this connection ;Qf
course becomes important. All writers upon
words have considered the power and-seope
of three words which have a great similarity of
meaning, " mode," " method," and "man-
ner;" and it is uniformly agreed that "man-
ner" is the largest and most comprehensive of
the three in its scope. Patrick Henry, of Vir:
ginia—rand I shall read his declarations to the
House—gave his view of the meaning of the word
" manner," which coineideswith the view that
I now take. It includes, as I. maintain, every-
thing relating to an election, from the qualifica-
tion of the elector to the deposit of his ballot
in the box. Here is set forth the power of the
State. By the Constitution a State has original
jurisdiction of the " times, places, and manner
of holding elections for Senators and Repre-
sentatives;" and it is from this provision, of
the Constitution that the State gets its power
over the subject, so far as the Constitution of
the United States is concerned.
Either otve or the otherof two things is true :
either these words as herein employed in their
scope and meaning coyer the entire subject of
elections, from the qualifications of the voter
to the deposit of his ballot in the box, or else,
by necessary legal inference, the States have
not the power which they have been in the
habit of exercising; for-if this be a qualified
and limited grant or recognition of authority,
theo what is not granted or recognized th.ey do
not possess. But the history of the facts from
the first, and the recognition by Congress of
the powers of the States, go to the extent of
conceding to them entire scope and original
control oiHhe whole matter of voting, including
the qualifications of the voter, his registration,
and the deposit of his.ballotin the bo®
Mr. ELDRIDGE.. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BOUT WELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from- Massachusetts whether he
means to affirm that the States possess no pow-
ers except those which are granted to them in
and by the Constitution of the United States?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I have not said that. .
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I supposed the rule to be
entirely the other way; that the United States
Government has no powers except those which
have been granted to it. I understood the gentle-
man to declare that the States cannot possess the
power which we claim they have of regulating
the qualifications of voters, because the Consti-
tution contains no grant of the power to them.
That is the way in which I understood the
gentleman.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The gentleman misun-
derstaodavmej - • This is a declaration in the
Constitution of the power of the States over
the sabjeet of voting. If it is a full and com-
plete power .over the whole subject it is what
we maintain ; but if it be not a full and com-
plete power, then inasmuch as here is a.declar-
atiffio ff.the .extent^,the. powers of the States,
then; the States are limited necessarily by the
interpretatiftn tbat.is sppt :upon this language;
for ifjthe Constitution <jf the ,Uniteu Sitatessaya
that States .-have-certain powers,, even <t(iough
there be-no-negative;jn -the declaration, they
cannot ;go beyond thefpowers thus -defined.
Let me read what, remains of this provision:
" But the'Congress may .at any ti«H.o.by. law majto"—
Very'broad language^— ■ "
" or atter such regulations, except as to the place
of choosingSonators."
N;ow, sir, taking the language of the-Consti-
tution itself, divested of all theories and-tradi-
tions concerning the meaning put upon it by
State-rights men. can anything be more clear
than that .the Congress of the-United States
has all the power which the States could exer-
cise, except .merely-as to declaring where the
Senators shall be chosen?. Can the^e be any
doubt, that the powers granted tq or recognized
as existing in .Jfce, whatever, the-Jextent
of those powers may he, is the measure of, .the
powers which Congress may exercise? , And
therefore, when a State-rights,man proves-that
by the Constitution of the United States a.State
has a right to decide who shall -exercise,tjw
elective franchise, he has proved also that Con-
gress may do the same thing under this pro vis*
ion of the Constitution which says that Con-
gress may make any regulations .it .chooses
relating to tks .subject or may alter such regu-
lalions as have been made by-the States.
This is no new doctrine. It was asserted, as
I have already stated, in most.of the-conven-
tions which ratified the Constitution of the
United States. It was declared again and
again in the Convention which framed the. Con-
stitution of the United States. ;
Mr. Hamilton, in the Federalist, says, speak-
ing of the fourth section of the first article
"I am greatly mistaken, notwithstanding, if there
be any article in the whole plan more completely de-
fensible than this. Its propriety rests upon the evi-
dence of this plain proposition, that every Govern-
ment ought to contain in itself the means of its own
preservation."
Again he says:
"Nothing can be more evident than that an ex-
clusive power o.f regulating elections for the national
Government, in the hand^ of the Ejtate Legislatures,
would leave the -existence of the Union entirely at
their mer.cy. They could at .any, moment, annihilate
it by neglecting to provide for tho choice of persons
to administer its affairs."'
' In the several -State conventions the" ablest
opponents of the Constitution based their ob-
jections to it upon the very ground that it gave
to Congress the power which I am now advo-
cating; and the defenders of the Constitution,
so far as I have been abl.e to ascertain, never
denied the soundness of the theory on which
those objections were based. Hear what Pat-
rick Henry says. In the second volume of
Elliott's' Debates, page 149, Patrick Henry,
speaking of the first section of the fourth arti-
cle, giving to -Congress power over the time,
place, and manner of choosing officers, ss.ys:
"According to the mode prescribed. Congress may
tell you that they have a right to make the vote of
one [gentleman go as far as the votes of one hundred
poor men."
Can there be any broader declaration as to
the power of Congress than that made by Pat-
rick Henry in these words? Again, he con-
tinues :
"The power over the manner admits of the most
dangerous latitude. They may modify it as they
please. They may regulate tho number of votes by
the quantity of property without involving any re-
pugnancy to the Constitution."
That was Patrick henry's objection to the
Constitution and to this particular provision.
Replying to that objection,-Mr. Madison, in
the same volume, while he does not admit in
terms the doctrine laid down by Patrick Henry,
does not deny it, but asserts that the existence
of this power is absolutely necessary to the
existence of the-Government. He says:
"With respect to the other point, it was thought
that the regulation of the time, place, and manner of
electingKepresen'tatives should be uniform through-
out the continent. Some States might regulate the
elections on the principles of equality, and others
Wig.htregalate them otherwise." - .
.Ihis is.exaetly th# condition in which we ate
