1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
557
to-day. "Some States," sayshe, u may regulate
the elections upon the principles of equality,
and some States mayregulate them otherwise."
"This diversity would be obviously unjust. Elec-
tions are regulated now unequally in some States,
partieul.irly South Carolina, with respect to Charles-
ton, which has a representation of thirty uieinbeis."
Thirty members were in the Legislature of
South Carolina from the city of Charleston,
What was the theory of Madison? That that
provision of the Constitution enabled the Con-
gress of the United States to go into South
Carolina and decide that the city of Charleston
should not have more members iu the Legis-
lature of South Carolina than she was entitled
to on the principle of equality.
Mr. Madison says:
" Should the people of nny State by finy means be
deprived of the right of suffrage, it was judged proper
that it should be remedied by the General Govern-
ment."
Forty thousand citizens of the United States
are deprived of the right of suffrage in the
State of Kentucky. What is here suggested by
Mr. Madison is what the committee propose
to-day. There are at least one hundred and
fifty thousand citizens of this country who are
denied the right of suffrage. Mr. Madison says
that "it was judged proper that it should be
remedied by the General Government." He
says further:
"It was found impossible to fix the time, place,
and manner of the election of Representatives in tho
Constitution. It was tound necessary to leave the
regulation of this, iu tho first place, to tho State gov-
ernments, as being best acquainted with the situation
of the people, subjcct to ttie control of the General
Government, in order to enable it to produco uni-
formity and prevent its own dissolution. And con-
sidering the State government -and General Gov-
ernment as distinct bodies, acting in different and
independent capacitiobforthopeople, itwas thought
the particular legulationsshould be submitted to the
former and the general regulations to the latter.
Were they exclusively under tho control of the State
governments the General Government might easily
be dissolved; but if they be regulated pioperlyby
the State Legislatures, the congressional control will
ven probablyncvcrbcexereisod. Tho power appears
to me satisfactory and as unhkoly to be abused as
any part ot the Constitution."
He says again, on page 305 :
" With respect to tho time, place, and mannfcr of
elections, I cannot think, notwithstanding tho appre-
hensions of tho honorable gentleman, that there is
any danger, or, if abuse should take place, that there
is not sufficient security. If all the people of ttie
United States should be directed to go to elect in one
placo the members of tbeGovcrnment would be ex-
ecrated for the infamous, regulation. Many would
go to trample tbcm under loot for their conduct, and
they would be succeeded by men who would remove
it. They would not dare to meet the universal hatred
and detestation of the people, and run the risk of the
certain dreadful consequences. Wc must keep with in
the compass of human probability. If a possibility
be the cause of objection wo must object to every
Government in America. But the honorable gentle-
man may sav that better guard* maybe provided.
Let us consider the objection. The power of regu-
lating the time, place, and manner of elections must
bp vested somewhere. It could not bo fixed in tue
Constitution without involving great inconveniences.
They could then have no authority to adjust tne reg-
ulations to tho changes of circumstances, iheques-
tion then is, whether it ought to be fixed unalterably
in the State governments or subject to the control
of the General Government. Is it not obvious that
the General Government would be destroyed without
this control?"
Mr. James Wilson, ofPennsylvania, was one
of the ablest of the statesmen engaged in fram-
ing the Constitution of the United States. He
■was also a member of the convention of Penn-
sylvania that ratified the ConstitutiQn. Tn the
latter body he gave his opinion upon the ques-
tion now under debate. He said:
441 hope, sir, that it was no crime to sow the seed
of self preservation in the Federal Government.
Without this clause it would not possess selt-pro-
serving power. Bvthis clause the times, places, and
manner of holding elections shall be prescribed m
ci'eh State by the Legislature thereof. I think it
hitrhlv proper that tho Federal Government should
throw the exercise of this power into the hands ot
the State Legislatures, but not that it should be
placed there entirely without control.
Again be says, in support of the powers of
Congress:
•• But there ii an additional reason f-till that shows
the necessity of this pro visionary clause, lne mem-
ber of the Senate are elected by the State L<;gi la-
tuies. If those Legislatures possessed,nneontiollcd,
the newer of presenbing tho times, places, and man-
ner ■;i electing members of the House of Representa-
tives the members of ono br.meh of the General
.Legislature would be the tenants at will of tho elect-
orsof tbeothor branch, and the General Government
would He prostrate at tho mercy of tho Legislatures
of the several States."
I do not intend, to follow the discussion in
all of the States. 1 have read what was said
by Patrick Henry and Mr. Madison in the Vir-
ginia convention, and by Mr. Wilson in that of
Pennsylvania. There were in Massachusetts
two very distinguished men,Caleb Strong, from
the western part of that State, and Theophilus
Parsons, from Essex county, both distinguished
persons, and the latter among the most erfiinent
jurists of his time in this country, and, indeed,
I think it not extravagant to say one of the
most eminent jurists of modern times. He
said, speaking of this very power:
"But a State Legislature, under the influence of
tlioir Senators, who would have their fullest confi-
dence, or under the influence of ambitious or popu-
lar characters, or in times of popular commotion
and when faction and party spirit ran high, would
introduce sueh regulations as would render tho rights
of tho people insecure and of little value. They
might make an unequal and partial division of the
States into dislricU for tho election of Kepresentn-
tives, or they might even di.-qualify ono third of the
electors. Without these powers in Congress the peo-
ple can have no remedy. But the fourth section pro-
vides a remedy, a controlling power, in a Legislature,
composed of Senators and Representatives ot twelve
States, without the influence of our conventions and
factions, who will hoar impartially and preserve and
restore to the people their equal and sacred rights."
What was said by Caleb Strong is substan-
tially the same as that uttered by Theophilus
Parsons.
The reporter of the Massachusetts debates
makes this note:
"Several other gentlemen went largely into the
debate on the fourth section, which those in favor of
it demonstrated to be necessaiy: first, as it may bo
used to correct a negligence in elections; secondly,
as it. will prevent the dissolution of the Government
by designing and refractory States; thirdly, as it will
operate as a cheek in favor of the people against any
designs of the Federal Senate and then'constituents,
cause, not have it in its power to appoint a placo
where the citizens thereof may meet to choose their
Federal ^Representatives."
Similar debates took place in North Caro-
lina, New Hampshire, South Carolina, Rhode
Island, and New York. The opponents of the
Constitution objected to the fourth section of the
first article upon the ground that it gave to Con-
gress complete jurisdiction of this whole sub-
ject; and its friends never denied, so far as
1 can ascertain, that such was its scope and
design. What happened next? Four States-
New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Rhodelsland,
and New York—in ratifying the Constitution,
demanded the amendment of the article relat-
ing to the powers of Congress over the subject
of suffrage. I read the resolution adopted by
Massachusetts:
" That Congress do not exercise the powers vested
in them by the fourth section of tho first, article, but
111 cases where a State shall neglect or refuse to nuke
the regulations therein mentioned, or shall make
regulations subversive of the rights of the people to
a tree and equal representation iu Congress, agree-
ably to the Constitution."
In seven of the conventions, at least, this pro-
vision of the Constitution had been assailed f>y
most eminent men. What was done? 'I he
First Congress submitted twelve amendments
to the Constitution, and neither of them touches
the question raised by the four States.
What is the conclusion, then, of the whole
matter upon the text of the original Con-
stitution in reference to the question of suf-
rage. Why, lirst, that the power to make regu-
lations concerning elections is vested in the
States, and secondly, that the power of tho
General Government upon the subject of the
franchise is just as comprehensive as the power
of the States, and that we may make regula-
tions, and that wo may alter such regulations
as the States have made. This view is sup-
ported, first by the necessary theory of the
Government that it cannot exist independ-
ently of the States if this power iu the General
! Government is denied. It is also supported by
!'the debates iu the Convention that framed
1 the Constitution itself, it is supported by the
i debates in the State conventions which ratified
i the Constitution, where the issue was distinctly
made npoti that qwstion between the friends
of the Constitution and its opponents. The
opponents of the Constitution charged that it
coittemplated precisely what we now say it
means; the supporters of the Constitution
did deny that it contemplated precisely what
we say it means, and upon that ground th-ey
advocated the provision. The opponents of
the provision in fonr of the States sought the
submission of an amendment to the people giv-
ing a different and more limited construction
to the article. The Congress of the United
States refused to submit such an amendment.
This is conclusive evidence that all the men
who participated in fiaming this Government
were of opinion that the power to regulate elec-
tions was in the States, subject, to the supreme
control'of the General Government; and this
without any inquiry into other provisions of the
Constitution, which give us ample basis for all
the legislation we now propose.
I come next to the consideration of a pro-
vision of the Constitution on which I might
safely rest for the exercise of this power, cer-
tainly as far as several -States are concerned,
even if all that is granted to Congress in the
provisions relating to representation were want-
ing. 1 refer now to the provision of the Con-
stitution by which the United States are to
guaranty t,o each State a republican form of
government. 1 read from the Federalist what
is old and very well known. Mr. Hamilton
says:
" In a confederacy founded upon republican prin-
ciples and composed of ropubhean members the
superintending Government ought.clearly to possess
authority to defend tho system against aristocratic
and monarchical measures."
I take it nobody will deny this. In the Penn-
sylvania convention Mr. Wilson treated the
guarantee clause asjustifyingsubstantially what
is now proposed. He says :
" In this system it is declared that the electors in
each State shall have tho qualifications requisite for
electors of tho most numerous branch of tho Stato
Legislature. This being made the criterion ot tho
right of suffrage, it is consequently secured, because
thesamo Constitution guaranties to every Si ate in tho
Union a republican form of government. Ihe right
of suffrage is fundamental to republics."
It isnot necessary for my purpose to go further.
What is the nature of the dilficulty with which we
are now dealing? Is it a difficulty in harmony
with republican institutions and a republican
form of government, or is it a difficulty which
is antagonistic to republican institutions ?
What is the essence of an aristocracy? How
is it distinguished from a_republic? The es-
sence of an aristocracy is in this, that the Gov-
ernment is in certain families made hereditary
to the exclusion of others. That is all thcra
is of it. You may limit this aristocracy to
twelve men, you may enlarge it to a hundred,
to a thousand,or to ten thousand ; butif limited,
if certain persons are included and certain
others excluded, not for themselves merely but
for all their posterity, yon have an aristoc-
racy. There is, 1 submit, to this House, no
otherpossibledefinition of an aristocracy; there
is no other possible honest distinction between
an aristocratic and a republican form of gov-
ernment.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to ask the gentle-
man this question : will not the position which
he assumes require us, in order to make a State
government republican in torm, to confer suf-
frage also on females to the same extent that
we do upon males?
Mr. BOUT WELL. Well, Mr. Speaker, I
have myself been rather broad and generous
in times past in maintaining the right of people
to vote. I see that there is a party coming
which promises to go very far in advance ot
myself, with more rapid strides than I have been
able to take. I am willing, for one, that the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Nibi.-vck] tor the
present should maintain'the doctrine which ho
suggests in the question he puts to me, because
I suppose it carries with it as an incident, the re-
sult which I seek by this bill. If lie will go with
nie in granting suffrage to all male citizens of
this country twenty-one year^of age, without
regard to race or color, I will listen most atten-
