1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
338
Laws of the United States.
40th Cons....3d Sbss.
Chap. XLVII.—An Act to amend an Act enti-
tled -'An Act to confirm certain Private Land
Claims in the Territory of New Mexico."
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the exterior lines of
the Coruelio Vigil and Cram St. Vrain claims
of eleven leagues each, subject to claims de-
rived from said parties as confirmed by the act
of Congress approved twenty-first Jane, eight-
een hundred and sixty, United States Statutes,
volume twelve, page seventy-one, shall be ad-
justed according to the lines of the public sur-
veys, as nearly as practicable, with the limits
of said claims, yet in as compact a form as
possible; and the claims of all actual settlers
upon the tracts heretofore claimed by the said
"Vigil and St. Vrain, holding possession under
titles or promises to settle, which have been
made by said Vigil and St. Vrain, or their legal
representatives prior to the passage of this act,
who may establish their claims within one year
from the passage of this act, to the satisfaction
of the register and receiver of the proper land
district, shall in like manner be adjusted accord-
ing to the subdivisional lines of survey, so as to
include the lands so settled upon or purchased,
and the areas of the same shall be deducted
and excluded from the adjusted limits of the
claims of said Vigil and St. Vrain respectively;
and the claims of all other actual settlers falling
within the limits of the located claims of Vigil
and St. Vrain shall be adjusted to the extent
which shall embrace their several settlements
upon their several claims being established
either as preemption or homesteads, according
to law; and for the aggregate of the areas of the
latter class of claims the said Vigil and St. Vrain,
or their legal representatives, shall be entitled
to locate a like quantity of public lands, not
mineral, according to the lines of the public
surveys, and not to exceed one hundred and
sixty acres in one section.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it
ghatl be the duty of the General Land Office to
cause the lines of the public surveys to be run
in the regions where a proper location would
place the said Vigil and St. Vrain claims, and
that the expense of the same shall be paid out
of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated; yet, before the confirmation of
the said act of June twenty-first, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty, shall become legally effective,
the said Vigil and St. Vrain, or their legal rep-
resentatives, shall pay the cost of so much of
said surveys as inures to their benefit respect-
ively, and that all settlers of the said third
class, whose claims may be adjusted as valid,
shall have the right to enter their improve-
ments by a strict compliance with the preemp-
tion or homestead laws.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That upon
the adjustment of the Vigil arid St. Vrain claims
according to the provisions of this act, it shall
be the duty of the surveyor general of the dis-
trict to furnish proper approved plats to said
claimants, or their legal representatives, and
so in like manner to said derivative claimants,
which shall be evidence of title, the same to
be done according to such instructions as may
be given by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That im-
mediately upon running the lines as provided
in section second of this act, the surveyor gen-
eral of said district shall notify the said Vigil
and St. Vrain, or their agents or legal repre-
sentatives, of the fact of such survey being
made, and said claimants shall, within three
months after notice of such survey, select and
Ideate their said claims in accordance with such
Survey and the provisions of this act and of
the act to which this is amendatory, so far as
the same is not changed by this act, and shall
within said time furnish the surveyor general
■sdth the description of such location, specify-
ing the lines of the same. And the party fail-
ing to make such selection and location, in
such manner and within such time, shall be
deemed and held to have abandoned their
claim, and their rights and equities under this
act, and the act to which this is amendatory,
shall cease and terminate.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That in
case of the neglect or refusal of the said Vigil
and St. Vrain, or either of them, to accept of
the provisions of this act, and the act to which
this is amendatory, and to locate their said
claims, as provided therein, no suit shall be
brought or proceedings instituted in any of the
courts of the United States, by such party or
by any one claiming through or under them,
to establish or enforce said claims, or for any
cause of action founded upon the same, after
six months from the passage of this act.
Approved, February 25, 1869.
Chap. LVIII.—AnActforthe Relief of Walter
D. Plowden.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to Walter D. Plowden, a col-
ored scout and spy, the sum of one thousand
dollars, for military services rendered the
Army of the United States, under Major Gen-
eral Hunter, in the military district of South
Carolina, in the war of eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, for the suppression of the rebellion.
Approved, March 1, 1869.
Chap. LIX.—An Act providing for the Pay-
ment of Captain Goldman Bryson's Mounted
Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the company of
mounted volunteers raised and commanded by
Captain Goldman Bryson, of Cherokee county,
State of North Carolina, under authority of
Major General Rosecrans, and received into
the service of the United States by Major Gen-
eral Burnside, September twenty-ninth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-three, and such men as
were accepted into the service of the United
States by the said Captain Goldman Bryson
within one month thereafter, and the widows,
heirs, and legal representatives of the officers
and enlisted men, shall be entitled to pay,
bounty, pension, and allowances according to
their grade and time of service as other volun-
teers in the service of the United States, not-
withstanding any informality in their muster
or enlistment into the service of the United
States, under such rules and regulations as may
be adopted by the proper accounting officer of
the Treasury.
Approved, March 1, 1869.
Chap. LX.—An Act to confirm an Entry of
Land by Moses F. Shinn.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the entry by Moses
F. Shinn, of the northeast quarter of section
sixteen, in township fifteen, north of range
thirteen east, in the district of lands subject to
sale at Omaha, Nebraska, made on the twenty-
second day of August, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, by cash certificate number one thou-
sand nine hundred and thirty-one, be and the
same is hereby confirmed.
Approved, March 1, I860.
Chap. LXI.—An Act granting a Pension to
Charles Mains, of Tennessee.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
required to inscribe on the pension-rolls the
name of Charles Mains, of Johnson county,
Tennessee, and that he be paid at the rate of
eight dollars per month, commencing on the
first day of November, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight.
Approved, March 1, 1869.
Chap. LXII.—An Act granting a Pension to
Joseph M. Hudson.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Joseph M. Hud-
son, late a private in company E, ninety-first
regiment Ohio infantry volunteers, on the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions of the pen-
sion laws, to commence from the twenty-second
day of December, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three.
Approved, March 1, 1869.
Chap. LXIII.—An Act granting a Pension to
William M.~Simpson.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of William M. Simpson, late a
private in company E, seventy-first regiment
of Illinois volunteer infantry, and pay him a
pension, commencing October twenty-eighth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two.
Approved, March 1, 1869.
Chap. LXIV.—An Act granting a Pension to
Mrs. Siisan Carson.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, directed to place
the name of Mrs. Susan Carson, of Cotton-
wood Grove, Bond county, Illinois, widow of
Robert G. Carson, deceased, on the pensiou-
roll, and that he pay her a pension at the rate
of eight dollars per month, during her widow-
hood, commencing on the second day of Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, the
date of her husband's death. This act shall
entitle the said Susan Carson to the benefit of
the second section of tlie act approved July
twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, in
regard to.the minor children of deceased sol-
diers, to wit: for the following-named chil-
dren : Fiances A., born September first, eight-
een hundred and fifty-four; John A., born May
twenty-second, eighteen hundred and fifty-six;
Kansas A., born July twenty-fifth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-eight; Louisa C., born De-
cember sixth, eighteen hundred and fifty-nine;
and Sarah J., born November fourth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-one, as would entitle her to
the benefit of said section.
Approved, March 1, 1869.
Chap. LXV.—An Act granting a Pension to
Mrs. Naomi Adams.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of tile United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior cause the name of Mrs. Naomi Adams,
mother of G. W. Adams, late a private in com-
pany G, thirty-niuth Missouri infantry volun-
teers, to be placed on the pension-rolls at the
rate of eight dollars per month, to commence
September twenty-seventh, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, and to continue during her
widowhood.
Approved, March 1,1869.
Chap. LXVI.—An Act granting a Pension to
Charlotte Webster, widow of Timothy Web-
ster, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
