358
Tm..€0NGRES&IONAfr ;GLQB&
January 28,
tively to any argument ,be<shall make here, or
anywhere else within njy reach, in. favor of the
right of women .to rote. . - .-><•-
Mr. ELDRIDGE. . The question is, -will
you vote fo'  it ? We are doing precisely.the
same thing fori .you~-listeriing to ,'your argu-
ment ; but we do not propose to go with you
on this question, and we do not expect you
will go, with us on the other question.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I :was proceeding, to
consider the distinction between an aristoc-
racy and a republic! I say without hesitation
that none of those States in which men are
denied theS.elective.. franchise for themselves
and for all their posterity are republican.
They tire aristocracies more or less, offensive
to republican -institutions and to republican
government, and inasmuch as by the Consti-
tution .the United States has power, and it is
made: its duty to. guaranty a. republican form
of government to each State, if upon-observa-
tion we find, as I think we do find in Dela-
ware, in Kentucky,.in Maryland, in Ohio, and
in Pennsylvania, that the .governments are not
republican, it becomes our duty to exercise
the power vested in us by the Constitution
and make those governments republican by
law1.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I would like to
ask the gentleman a question just hece, I
would,ask if he holds that the Constitution of
the United ;States prohibits any State from
regulating the right of suffrage ? And if so, X
ask the gentleman how he construes the tenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, which, I believe, was suggested by his
own State of Massachusetts? 1 think when
Massachusetts met in State convention to ratify
the Constitution of the United States she in-
structed her delegates not to cease tbeirefforts
in the Federal Convention until they had'ob-
tained that amendment, which I will read:
" The powers not delegated to the United States
by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States,
are reserved to the States respectively or to the
people."
Mr. BOUTWELL. I must claim the floor,
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I should be very
glad to he«xthe gentleman answer iny question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. We will give the gentle-
man further time- to answer it. I will move
that the House give him further time. .
Mr. BOU,TWELL. Well, I will answer the
question.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. If the power is
not prohibited by the Constitution to a State,
then it exists in the State.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I have already argued
that point upon the provision of the Consti-
tution which gives to the States power over
the time, places, and- manner of holding elec-
tions. I cannot add anything to the statement
I made upon that point.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. My question
is, does the Constitution prohibit the States
from regulating the matter .of suffrage ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. Thereis a power recog-
nized in the States by-the fourth section of the
first article, and there is a po.wer in the same
section granted to the , General Government
concerningthe matter of elections, and the tenth
amendment to the Constitution, to which the
gentleman refers, doesnot touch this case at all.
The power given to the States to regulate the
time, places, and manner of holding elections
is a specified and distinct power, and it is not
disturbed by the tenth amendment. The power
given to Congress in the same article to alter
those State regulations is a specific power also,
and that is not touched by the tenth amendment
to the Constitution.
I leave now that portion of my argument
based upon the guarantee-clause, and proeeed
to the consideration of the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United'States.
If there were any doubt remaining in the mind
of any person as to the power of Congress
over this whole subject, as derived from the
three provisions of the original text of the
Constitution to which I have referred, I be-
lieve that every doubt must disappear upon an
analysis of the fourteenth, amendment. The
first clause? of th<3'ftrst sectioii is in ttesewoids :*
"All persons born or naturalized in -the United
States and subject to the'jurisdiction thereof are
citiaensiaf theUnitedStates and of the States wherein
they reside."
Mark the words I Then comes the inhibi-
tion on the States:
"N*o State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citi-
zens of the United States."
By the first clause citizens of the United
States are citizens of the States in which they
reside. One of the immunities, then, and privi-
leges of a citizen of the United States is that
he shall be a citizen of the State where he
resides, and the inhibition applies as well to
the deprivation of rights derived directly from
the States as to those rights derived directly
from the United States Government. It is a
comprehensive inhibition upon the States. They
cannot deprive a citizen of the United States
of any privilege or immunity which he may
enjoy as a citizen of the United States; they
cannot deprive him of any privilege or immu-
nity which he may enjoy, or which any other
citizen may enjoy as a citizen of the State in
which he resides. This declaration in reference
to the.rights of citizens is for all or it is for
nobody. We have certain privileges in this
House, the two chief of which are, first, privi-
lege from arrest in certain cases during the
sessions and while traveling to and from our
respective residences; and the other is, that
we are not held answerable elsewhere for any-
thing that we may say here.
Mr. Speaker, consider what is covered by
the word "privileged," as used in the Consti-
tution, not interpolated by me for the purpose
of this debate. The rights to which I have
referred are declared to be the privileges of
members of the Senate and of the House of
Representatives. They are distinctions by
which, under the Constitution, we are recog-
nized and set apart from other men. They are
privileges, in the language of the lexicogra-
phers "peculiar benefits, advantages, immu-
nities." They are for all of us equally. We
are characterized in the Constitution as " mem-
bers."' We are as members' endowed with
certain privileges, and under that provision of
the Constitution we are peers. What are the
privileges under the Constitution of one mem-
ber are the privileges of every other member.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The hour of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] has
expired.
Mr. Knott obtained the floor; butyielded to
Mr. ELDRIDGE, who said : I hope the
time of the gentleman from Massachusetts will
l\o ovfonHorl
The SPEAKER. For how long?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I cannot say howlong.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not propose any
limitation of the time.
No objection was made.
Mr. Boutwell resumed the floor.
Mr. WARD. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question?
Mr. BOUTWELL. Very well.
Mr. WARD. I find by reference to the bill
now before the House that it proposes to affect
the question of suffrage not only in reference
to the election of members of Congress, but
also in reference to the election of the presi-
dential electors. I have no difficulty in rela-
tion to members of Congress, for I believe that
we possess that power. But I would ask the
gentleman whether this bill is not in violation
of that provision of the Constitution which
prescribes that presidential electors shall be
appointed in such manner as the Legislatures
of the several States may respectively direct?
Mr. BOUTWELL. So far as the features
of this bill are concerned I would prefer to
defer their consideration for the present.
I was saying, Mr. Speaker, when my time
expired, that under the Constitution the privi-
leges of members of this House are for us all
or they are for none of us. When you have
established the righfrof One member here to the
benefit of these privileges you have established
the right of all the members of the House to
the same privileges.
Now, what is the language of the section
which I am considering?
"No State shall make or enforce any law whioh
shall abridgetbe privileges or immunities of citizens
of the United States."
I inquire how are you to distinguish between
the various classes' of persons in the several
States ? By the first clause of this section " all
persons born or naturalized in the United States
are citizens of the United States." They may
have been born in Africa, in Denmark, in Ire-
land ; they may be white, they may be black;
but by the Constitution they-are citizens of
the United States, and by that same Constitu-
tion it is declared that the privileges and im-
munities of citizens of the united States shall
not be abridged by any State of this Union.
I say again, therefore, that that provision of
the Constitution is for all the.people or it is for
none of them. Under that Constitution we
cannot select and say that a man born in this
country shall be entitled to certain privileges
as a citizen to which a man born elsewhere
and naturalized shall not be entitled. We can-
not say that a white citizen shall enjoy privi-
leges which are denied to a black citizen or to
a naturalized citizen, white or black.
Next, is the right to vote one of the privi-
leges of the citizen? I have here in my hand
an authority from the State of Kentucky in
which the characteristics of citizens are laid
down by the supreme court of that State in
most satisfactory and conclusive language, and
I am willing to indorse it.
The opinion was given upon questions arising
in an action of tort brought by a colored woman
named Amy against a man named Smith, who
claimed her as his slave. The action was in
1822, and the circumstances of the case were
these: the woman was born a slave in the State
of Pennsylvania, where she remained until
the abolition of slavery was decreed in that
State. She then went to Virginia, as I assume,
before the admission of Kentucky. .The man
Smith, who claimed to be her master, used some
brutality toward her for which she commenced
an action against him.
The defense was that he washer master, that
she was his slave. Her counsel maintained
that, inasmuch as she was born in Pennsylva-
nia, and was there when slavery was abolished
in that State, she from the moment of the abo-
lition of slavery there became not only free
but a citizen of the United States; thathaving
obtained in Pennsylvania the rights of a citi-
zen, she was entitled to the benefit of that pro-
vision of the Constitution which says that the
citizens of each State shall be entitled to all
the privileges and immunities of citizens in the
several States. How did the court meet this
position? And this is the part of the opinion
to which I wish to call the attention of the
House. The court say:
" It was not, however, of that clause of the Consti-
tution of the United States that the aet of 1808 was
contended by the plaintiff's counsel to be an infrac-
tion, but of the clause which provides that' the citi-
zens of each Stato shall be entitled to all the priv-
ilege® and immunities of citizens in the several
States.' first clause, second section, and fourth arti-
cle. ' To entitle the plaintiff to the benefit of this
clause it is obviously necessary that she should be a
citizen of some one of the United States; and it is
accordingly urged by her counsel, in support of her
title to that character, that she was before her re-
moval from Pennsylvania a citizen of that State,
and that by her removal to Virginia she become iv
citizen of the latter.
"Before we can determine whether she was a citi-
zen or not of either of those States, it is necessary to
ascertain what it is that constitutes a citizen. In
England, birth iu the country was alone sufficient to
make any one a subject. Even a villain or a slave
born within the king's allegiance is, according to
the principles of the common law, asubject; but it
never can be admitted that he is a citizen. One may,
no doubt, be a citizen by birth as well as a subject,
but subject and citizen are evidently words of differ-
ent import, and it indisputably requires something
more to make a citizen than it does to make a sub-
ject. It is. in fact, not the place of a man's birth,
but the rights and privileges he may be entitled to
enjoy whioh make him a citizen.
"The term citizen is derived from the Latin word
cmis, and in its primary sense signifies one who is
