1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
55%
rested with tho freedom and privileges of a city. At
an early period after the subversion of the lloman
empire, when civilization had again begun to pro-
gress, the cities in every part of Europe, either by
usurpanon or concession from their sovereigns, ob-
t.uiH d extraordinary privileges in addition to those
which weie common to the other subjects of their
respective countries; and one who was invested with
th^se extraordinary privileges, whether he was an
iuhabitant of the citjr or not, or whether ho was bom
nt t, or not, was deemed a citizen. (See Ree's Cyclo-
paedia, under the word citizen.) In England a citi-
zen is not only entitled to all the local privileges of
theciiy io which he belongs,but hehas also therighfc
of electing and being elected to Parliament, whiohis
itself rather an extraordinary privilege, since itdoes
not belong to every class of subjects, (Com. X>ig.
Pailiamenfc, 1"). 6, i Inst. 6.)
If we co back to llome. whence the term citizen
has its origin, we shall find in the illustrious period
of her^ republic, that citizens weie the highest class
of subjects to_ whom tho jus cloLtatix belonged, and
that the jus civitatis conferred upon those who were
in possession ot it all rights and privileges, civil,
political, and religious. (Butler's Ilorce Juridical.
2fi, 27.)
" When the term came to be applied to theinhabifc-
ants of a State, it necessarily earned with it the same
signification with reference to the privileges of the
State which had been implied by it with reference
to the privileges of a city, when it was applied to the
inhabitants of the city; and it is in this sense that
the term ntizen is believed to bo genorally, if not
universally, understood in the United States. This
indeed evidently appears to be tho sense in which tho
term is used in the clause of the Constitution which
is under consideration; for tho terms 4 privileges and
immunities,' which are expressive of the object in-
tended to be secured to the citizens of each State in
every other, plainly import, according to the best
usages of our language, something more than those
ordinary rights of personal security and property
which by the courtesy of all civilized nations are
extended to the citizens or subjects of other countries
while they reside among them.
" No one can, therefore, in the correct sense of the
term, bo a citizen of a State who is not entitled,
upon the terms prescribed bytheinstitutions of the
State, to all the rights and privileges conferred by
those institutions upon the highest class of society.
It is true that females and infants do not personally
possess,those rights and privileges in any State of
the Union, but they are generally dependent upon
adult males, through whom they er/ioy the benefits
of those rights and privileges; and it is a rule of com-
mon law, as well as of common sense, that female3
and infants should in this respect partake of the
quality of those adult males who belong to the same
class and condition in society, and of course they
will or will not be citizens as the adult males of the
same class are or are not so.
" Nor do we mean to say that it is necessary even
for an adultto bo a male citizen that ho should be in
the actual enjoyment of all those rights and privileges
wichh belong to a citizen. He may not only not be in
the actual enjoyment of thoso rights and privileges,
but he may even not possess those qualifications of
property, of age, or of residence which most of the
Suites prescribe as requisites to the enjoyment of
some of their highest privileges and immunities, and
yel be a citizen. But to be a citizen it is necessary
thatheshould be entitled to theenjoyment of those
privileges andimmunitiesuponthesame terms upon
which they are conferred upon other citizens, and
unlef-s ho is so entitled he cannot. in the proper sense
of the term, be a citizeu."
Here is a fall and [ believe a fair statement
of what constitutes a citizen. He must be in
the enjoyment of all the rights and privileges
of any other citizen.
Mr. NICHOLSON". Will the gentleman
yield to me for a question ?
Mr. BO ITT WELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. NICHOLSON". I desire to inquire
whether, when the fourteenth article of the
amendments of the Constitution was under
discussion in the Thirty-Ninth Congress, the
gentleman himself, and other members of his
party who took part in that discussion, did not
concede the distinction between civil and po-
litical rights and privileges : and whether thev
did not also concede that this fourteenth arti-
cle would not confer political rights upon the
class intended to be benefited?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I have no recollection
of anything of that sort, though it may be that
some persons did make such a concession, I
believe that gentlemen on the other side of the
House generally claimed that it would confer
such rights; and I cannot say but that some
members on this side of the House may have
disavowed that construction ; but I was not
one of them.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to inquire in this connection whetherit was
not conceded at that time that this fourteenth
article recognized the existence on the part of
the States of the right to regulate suffrage with-
out the control of Congress, subject to the
penalty that their representation in Congress
might be curtailed if they should exclude from
suffrage persons of a certain class?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will state my views on
that point. Of course, I should not omit, in
an argument upon this subject, the question
suggested by the inquiry of the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldiudgb.] I say, then,
considering the lirst section of the fourteenth
article of the amendments, that that section
runs entirely in harmony with the previous
provision of the Constitution concerning the
rights of citizens. It is in harmony with the
declaration made by the supreme court of
the State of Kentucky, in the opinion from
which I have just read, that it is an essential
quality of citizenship that the citizen should
enjoy the highest privileges that appertain to
citizenship in the State or city of which he is
a citizen. Therefore, when you prove to me
that one man in the State of Kentucky votes
for President, or for a Representative in Con-
gress, or for members of the State Legislature,
you have proved that every man having like
qualifications of education or property has the
same right. If you deny it to him you deny
that to which by the Constitution he is entitled :
the enjoyment of equal privileges and immu-
nities as acitizen of the United States, and as a
citizen of Kentucky in the State of Kentucky.
Then, sir, by the fifth section of the four-
teenth article, Congress has power to enforce
by appropriate legislation the provisions of the
article. Does anybody doubt—in the presence
of this provision of the Constitution, in view
of the unlimited power under the fourteenth
articlc to legislate so as to secure to citizens
of the United States the privileges and immu-
nities of citizens of any one of the States—
does anybody doubt our duty?
Mr, BECK. I desire to ask, if by the first
section of the fourteenth amendment it was
intended to prevent the States from determin-
ing who should and who should not vote, why,
when it provides that 4'no State shall make or
enforce any law which shall abridge the privi-
leges or immunities of citizens of the United
States," it did not add, nor make discrimina-
tions among the citizens of the State itself in
the exercise of the right of suffrage?
Mr. BOUTWELL. There was the plainest
reason in the world. It was not necessary.
The article provides, as it stands, that there can
be no discrimination by the States among the
citizens of the United States, who are as well
citizens of the several States and entitled
equally to the privileges of citizens.
1 come now to the second section, upon which
I know reliance wiil be placed by the oppo-
nents of the bill. It is there provided—
"Sec. 2. Representatives shall be apportioned
among the several States according to their respect-
ive numbers, counting tho whole number of persons
in each State, excluding Indians not taxed. But
when the right to vote at any eiection for the choice
of eleetoislor President and Vice President of tho
UnitedStatos, Representatives^ Congress, the exec-
utive and judicial officers of a State, or tho members
of the Legislature thereof, is denied to any of tho
male inhabitant.-, of such Stato, being twenty-one
years of age and citizens of tho United Slates, or in
any way abridged, except for participation in rebel-
lion or other crime, the ba-ns of representation
therein shall be reduced in the proportion which
the number of such male citizens shall bear to the
whole number of male citizens twenty-one years of
age in such Stato."
If gentlemen will consider these two sec-
tions together they will see how entirely in
harmony they are with each other, and how
wholly unsupported h the doctrine that there
is in this second section any concession to a
State to abridge or deny to a citizen the right
to vote. By the second section there is a polit-
ical penalty for doing that which in the first
section it is declared the State has no right to
do. I read the first section :
" Sec. 1. AH persons born or naturalized in the Uni-
ted States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof are
citizens of the United States nnd of the State wherein
they re?ide. No State shall make or i-nforce any biw
which shall abiidge the privileges or immunities of |
citizens of the United States: nor shall any State
deprive atly person of life, lib-i iy, or property with-
out due process of law, nor dfny to any person within
its jurisdiction the eaual pru*„oction of tho laws."
It is here provided that theie shall be no
abridgment of the privileges and immunities
of citizens; and in the second section there is
a penalty provided for a .State that disregards
the inhibition. We were then acting in the
presence of the fact that many States of the
Union were doing that which the first sectioa
declared they had no right to do. It was un-
certain when Congress would exercise the
power conferred by the fifth section of the four-
teenth amendment, and in order that the States
should not take advantage of their own wrong
during the period while Congress might be
inactive a penalty was provided. We knew
that Kentucky, Maryland, and Delaware were
doing what they were inhibited from doing by
the first section of the article, and wo said that
they should suffer in representation for so doing.
Power was given to Congress to remedy this
evil, and that power Congress is now called
upon to exercise.
But, sir, consider the anomalous feature in
our Government if the doctrine be successfully
maintained that we cannot legislate on this
subject. There are citizens in Kentucky and
Maryland who, if the doctrine set forth by the
opponents of this bill be a sound constitutional
doctrine, are eligible to the office of President
or Vice President of the United States, and yet
who cannot vote for Representatives in Con-
gress or even for a State, county, or town offi-
cial. What is the qualification for the office
of President ? He must be a native citizen of
the United States and thirty-five years of age.
Nothing more. These are the only qualifications
for the office of President. By the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution we have de-
clared that all the black men in Maryland and
other Slates shall be citizens of the United
States. Certain State governments have for
the present denied those people the right to
vote, and yet one of them may be elected Pres-
ident of the United States and another Vice
President. Is there such an anomaly in our
Government? Are we prepared to admit its
existence unless the Constitution imperatively
requires it? The Constitution provides that
auy one twenty-live years of age, who has been
a citizen for seveu years, may be elected a Rep-
resentative upon this floor, and colored men,
although denied the right of suffrage in their
own States, may be elected to legislate for the
whole country. Thus is the General Govern-
ment put iu an anomalous and inconsistent
position.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
Massachusetts has entirely ignored the ques-
tion I put to him in regard to the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution. The question
I desire to put is this: whether there is not in
that amendment a distinct recognition of the
existence of the power to regulate suffrage in
the States themselves ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. Oh, no; not the least-
Mr. ELDIilDGE. Then I do not under-
stand it.
Mr. BOUTWELL. ,If the right to vote for
certain officers be denied or abridged, then cer-
tain political consequences follow; but in the
first section there is a distinct declaration that
this cannot lawfully be done. We only recog-
nized the existing facts. We knew there were
some States in which the wrong existed. It
might require time before Congress could exer-
cise its powers under the fifth section, and the
country meant to say that while this state of
things continued—a state of things unjust and
contrary to the Constitution—the States should
not have the benefit of their wrong doing.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. In view of the gentle-
man's position task him how it is possible that
a State can disfranchise any citizen ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I think they cannot
properly or lawfully.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. How can they ever cause
this penalty to attach ? How can they lessen
their representation by any acts of their own ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. A Legislature may do a
thing which as matter of fact they are capable
of doing, but which, considered in the light of
the Constitution they have no right to do; and
while we may have the power by which we caB
