1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
339
Laws of the United States.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Chap. CLXIY.—An Act granting a Pension
to Mary A. Davis, widow of William P.
Davis, a Private of the Eighteenth Regiment
of Indiana Volunteers, in the war of eight-
een hundred and sixty-one.
Be it enacted by the Sen ate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and is hereby, authorized and di-
rected to place on the pension-rolls the name
of Mary A. Davis, widow of William P. Davis,
deceased, a private in the eighteenth regiment
of the Indiana volunteers of the war of eight-
een hundred and sixty-one, and that she be
paid a pension allowed a private during her
widowhood, subject to the provisions and lim-
itations of the pension laws, to commence on
the ninth day of September, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, and in ease of her death or
marriage, then the pension to be paid to the
minor children of the said William P. Davis,
deceased, under sixteen years of age, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the general
pension laws.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
Chap. CLXV.—An Act for the Relief of Peter
McGough, Collector of internal Revenue
and Disbursing Agent, Twentieth District,
Pennsylvania.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury be, and they are
hereby, authorized to allow to Peter McGough,
collector and disbursing agent of the twentieth
internal revenue district of Pennsylvania, a
credit for the sum of four thousand seven hun-
dred and fifty dollars and sixty-four cents, pub-
lic money deposited in pursuance of law in the
Venango National Bank, late a United States
designated depository, and lost by the failure
of said bank, without fault or neglect of the
said collector and disbursing agent.
Approved. March 3, 1869.
Chap. CLXVL—An Act granting a Pension to
Saiah E. Haines.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, 'i hat the Secretary of the
interior be. and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of Sarah B. Haines, widow
of George H. Haines, late a private in com-
pany Iv, eighteenth regiment Missouri volun-
teers, and to pay lier a pension at the rate of eight
dollars per month, to commence on the eight-
eenth Jay of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four. and to continue during her widowhood.
Approved, March 3, ISGy.
Chap. CLXVII.—An Act granting a Pension
to Horace Peck, of Charlton, Massachu-
setts.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the Secretary of the
Interior be. and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of Horace Peck, of Charl-
ton, Massachusetts, and to pay him a pension
at tiie rate of eight dollars per month, to com-
mence on the twenty-fourth day of May, eight-
een hundred and sixty-two, and to continue
durii'g his natural life.
At'proveu, March 3, 1809.
Chap, CLXVII!.—An Act granting a Pension
to Benjamin T. Raines, of Indiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, 'That the Secretary of the
lnteiior be, and he is hereby, authorized ami
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of Benjamin T. Raines,
of Indiana, late a private in Captain Bran-
ham's company, one hundred and fifth regi-
ment Indiana militia, and to pay him a pen-
sion at the rate of fifteen dollars per month, to
commence on the fourteenth day of July, eight-
een hundred and sixty-three.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
Chap. CLXIX.—An Act granting a Pension to
Elizabeth Clarke.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Conyress- assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Elizabeth Clarke, widow of
Newman S. Clarke, late colonel of the sixth
regiment of infantry, United States Army, and
to pay her a pension at the rate of thirty dol-
lars per month, to commence from and alter
the passage of this act, and to continue during
her widowhood.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
Chap. CLXX.—An Act granting a Pension to
the children of Martin N. Slocum, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized and directed to
continue the pension allowed by private act,
approved February twenty-fifth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven, to Mrs. Josephine Slo-
cum, widow of Martin N. Slocum, late a sec-
ond lieutenant in the sixty-fifth regiment United
States colored infantry, who has remarried, and
to pay the same to Ireton N. Slocum and Lu-
cilla J. Slocum, children of the said Martin N.
Slocum, or to their legally appointed gnardian
or guardians, from the third day of March,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, until they
severally attain the age of sixteen years.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
Chap. CLXXI.—An Act granting a Pension to
Benjamin C. Stone.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Benjamin C. Stone, late a
private in company I, ninth regiment Vermont
infantry volunteers, and to pay him a pension,
to commence on the twenty-seventh day of
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-five.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
Chap. CLXXII.—An Act granting a Pension
to Mrs. Lydia W. Ford.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Mrs. Lydia W. Ford, widow
of Jefferson Ford, late an acting master in the
United States Navy, and allow and pay her a
pension at the rate of twenty dollars per month,
to commence on the eighteenth day of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and to con-
tinue during her widowhood; said pension to
be paid out of the naval pension fund.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
Chap. CLXXIlf.—An Act for the Relief of
Ilenry C. Noyes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
issue anew bond for one thousand dollars, with
coupons from and including that of July first,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, to Henry C.
Noyes, of Claremont, New Hampshire, in place
of his coupon bond for a like amount, number
fifty-five thousand three hundred and thirty-
seven, act of March third, eighteen hundred
and sixty-five, July issue, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, destroyed: Provided, That before
issuing a new bond the Secretary of the Treasury
shall require a sufficient bond of indemnity
securing the Government against the presenta-
tion of the bond alleged to be lost.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
Chap. CLXIV.—An Act for the Relief of Rev-
erend D. Hillhouse Buel.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he hereby is, directed to cause
to be issued to the Reverend D. Hillhouse Buel,
of Cooperstown, New York, proper certificates
of the registered stock of the United States of
the consolidated debt under the act of March
third, anno Domini eighteen hundred anil sixty -
five, to the amount of seven thousand dollars,
in lieu and stead of certificates of said debt
numbered sixteen thousand three hundred and
thirty one and sixteen thousand three hundred
and thirty-two, for one thousand dollars each,
and certificate numbered four thousand nine
hundred and eighty-seven, for five thousand
dollars, belonging to him and lost while passing
through the mails: Provided, That said Buel
shall give bond with surety to the satisfaction
of the Secretary of the Treasury, conditioned
to indemnify the United States against all
claim upon or in respect to said first-mentioned
certificates.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
Chap. CLXXV.—An Act for the Relief of
Alpheus C. Gallahue.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Alpheus C. Gallahue
have leave to make application to the Commis-
sioner of Patents for the extension of the let-
ters-patent granted to him for an improvement
in machines for pegging boots and shoes, on
the sixteenth day of August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-three, antedated eighteenth day of
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-three, for
fourteen years from the latter date, in the same
manner as if the petition for said extension had
been filed at least ninety days before the expir-
ation of said patent, and that the Commis-
sioner of Patents be authorized to consider and
determine said application in the same manner
as if it had been filed ninety days prior to the
expiration of said patent, and with the same
effect as if it had been regularly filed and acted
upon under existing laws: Provided, That any
such extension of said patent shall not affect
the right to continue to use said machino of
any person who since the eighteenth day of
February, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven,
and prior to the approval of this act, may have
procured and at the time of such approval shall
be using said machine.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
Chap. CLXXVI.—An Act for the Relief of
Celestia P. Hartt.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to Celestia P. Hartt, widow of
the late naval constructor, Samuel T. Hartt,
the sum of three thousand dollars, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the same to be in full and complete
