1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
563
rebellion," &c. And in either case tlieir lan-
guage would have been so plain "that the way-
faring man, though a fool, need not err there-
in." The simplest child in the land could not
mistake it.
But here, sir. instead of using any of these
plain mid simple expressions, which the most
ordinary intellect in the country could not fail
to understand as relating to the past, they em-
ploy a term to express the time of the criminal
action which common usage, the established
practice of our best speakers and writers, the
authority of every standard author upon the
philosophy and etymology of the English lan-
guage, and the very nature of the language
itself, concur in appropriating exclusively to
the expression of our ideas of future action,
and which never has been, and never can be
employed to denote a past transaction without
violating the plainest principles of common
reason. Lindley Murray, and every other stand-
ard, or even respectable writer on English
grammar, tell us in substance, if not in so
many words, that " shall have" is the sign of
the second future tense, which "denotes a
future action, or event which will be accom-
plished at or before the time of some other
Suture action or event;" and I challenge
the production of a solitary instance in the
entire range of our standard literature in
which these words "shall have" have been
used convertibly with any of the past tenses.
And moreover, sir, if you will search I he
classic literature of any other cultivated lan-
guage, ancient or modern, you will not find an
instance in which the equivalent of these
words has ever been used to express the idea
of a past action; they always denote the future,
and can no more be used to denote the past,
than "to-morrow" can be employed to signify
"yesterday," or the word " black" to convey
the idea of " white." It is not only idle, but
insulting to the reputation of those who framed
this amendment, to say that they were so igno-
rant of the plainest principles of our language
that they could not have made this section so
clearly retroactive that it could not have been
misunderstood by any child ill the country if
such had been their intention. To show that
they could have done so if they had desired to,
I would simply call attention to the verv sec-
tion for winch this was finally adopted as a
substitute. I will read it:
"Tlntil the Uii tiny of July, 1870, all persons who
volurnariiy adhered to the late insurrection, giving
it. aid and eomloit, shall bo excluded from the right
to vote tor ttepre^entatives ill Congress and tor
eleotois foi l': evident and Vice President of the
United States "
This is the language of one who had nothing
to conceal, who meant, what he said—the lan-
guage of Thaddeus Stevens. No one can mis-
take it, however simple he may be. But why,
I would ask, was not the section under con-
sideration, made to refer to the past in like
pointed, plain, and unmistakable terms, if such
iiad been the intention of the learned and dis-
tinguished men who framed it?
Now, had the framers of this section said
"no person shall be a Senator, &c., who shall
engage in rebellion, &c.they would have ex-
, pressed their idea it is true, but not with the
strictest grammatical accuracy, for the word
"shall" as there used refers to the unlimited
future, without reference to any other future
action or condition whatever; so that a man
might really be a Senator and be guilty of re-
bellion, both in the future, for lie might rebel
after being a Senator, which although not
within the intent is within the meaning of the
language used. But if we will keep in mind
the true definition of the second future tense,
as laid down bv all our grammarians and func-
tioned by universal usage, that the words
"shall have," when prefixed to a word denot-
ing an action, indicate that the action will take
place in future, and at or before the time
of some other future action ; and then imagine
a wise and just legislator who would frame an
act to disfranchise persons guilty of rebellion,
in terms of the strictest grammatical accuracy,
and at the same time avoid the most unjust,
odious, and detestable of all tyrannical acts, ex
■post facto or retrospective legislation, we shall
find him using language like this: "No per-
son shall be a Senator, &c., who shall have en-
gaged in rebellion," &c. For the expression
"shallhave engaged," &c.,conveys two distinct
ideas: one that the party to be disfranchised
shall commit the offense for which his disqual-
ification is to be the penalty, after the enact-
ment of the law, and before another ftnure act
or condition, namely, his offer to assume the
position or office for which his offense disqual-
ifies him.
Here, sir, it seems to me, the whole argument
might rest; for if the principles I have stated
be true, that men whose intentions require no
concealment, will naturally imply the words
which most directly and aptly express the ideas
they intend to convey, especially when those
ideas are to constitute anewruleof civil action
by which the highest interests of individuals
and the gravest concerns of society are to be
regulated and controlled, and that therefore
the law-giver, where his words are plain, must
be presumed to have intended what he said,
regardless of whatever conclusions extraneous
considerations might lead to, we are compelled
to conclude that this section was intended to
operate prospectively, and not as a a cx post
facto enactment. There is no possible escape
from this, unless we are to assume that our
language—the language of Shakspeare and
of Milton, of Burke and of Webster, of Locke
and of Bacon, of Blaekstone and of Kent, the
language of poetry, of eloquence, of philoso-
phy, and of law—after all, furnishes us no ade-
quate means of discriminating between the past
and the future, but in its exceeding paucity
exhibits the pitiablo paradox of expressing two
ideas as dissimilar as day and night by the
use of the same term.
I must be pardoned, sir, for dwelling at such
length upon a point which to the intelligent
mind, it seems to me, mustbetoo obvious to de-
mand more than a simple statement; but I have
deemed it necessary in this instance, because
so many highly cultivated minds have hurried
to the conclusion, that this provision is ex post
facto, without having apparentiy had due re-
gard, if indeed any whatever, to the peculiar
veibiage in which it. is expressed, and because
1 find, in a case to which 1 shall piesently more
paitictilarly advert, that one of the barons of
the exchequer, by a singular inattention to the
rudiments of our language, was led to say
that the expression " shall have" referred to
the past tense; while another was guilty of the
still stranger inaccuracy of supposing that they
expressed the idea of both the past and future ;
notwithstanding which, however, the court
held the language to be prospective only, and
not retrospective.
Jjut. sir, suppose we admit, for Ihe sake of
the argument, what is as absurd as to say that
the same word may convey the idea of hot or
cold, black or white, north or south, or any
two opposite extremes, namely, that " shall
have" may mean the past or the future, the
question still recurs, which does the expression
mean in this instance, the past or the future?
iiad this question been asked of some proud
old civilian who gloried in venerating the rem-
nants of right and justice which had survived
the wreck of the ancient republic, at a lime
when the will of the prince under the despot-
ism of the lioman empire was paramount to
every obligation whatever, he would have gath-
ered his toga around him in the conscious dig-
nity of a just and upright man, and answered
it in the language of the code:
"Leiteset constitutionos futuris certum est dare
formam nesotiis, nort ad facta,prmte-ritarovocari.nisi
numimitim ct jucetcrito tempore etadlmc pendenti-
bus ne^otns cautum Hit."
Had it, been asked of Bracton, when our own
system of jurisprudence was yet in its infancy,
ami the great cardinal principles of right, ami
justice which have since made it the pride and
glory of the Anglo-Saxon race, were struggling
wiih ignorance, with despotism, and rapine,and
outrage of every kind, he would have answered
it in the words of that maxim, which wise and
conscientious jurists have esteemed a funda-
mental rule of construction from that time to
the present moment:
"iN'ova ccmstitatis futuris fornmm debetimponero,
non preterit is."
How, then, should it be answered by the
jmist and statesman of America, who, in the
advanced civilization of the nineteenth cen-
tury, feels a just pride in the purity of his coun-
try's Constitution and Lhe justice of her laws?
Sir, the reply is obvious. There is something
so repugnant to the commonest instincts of
justice, so contrary to-all our notions of moral-
ity, so revolting to every sentiment of honor-
able manhood, in the idea of inflicting a penalty
upon our fellow-man by retroactive legislation,
that even to deprive him by such means of the
most insignificant right has ever been regarded
as the very essense of the accursed spirit of
despotism. It has, therefore, become a settled
rule of legal construction, steadily adhered to
both in England and this country, that no law
is to have a retrospective operation, unless the
intention of the legislator that it should so
operate appears so plainly upon the face of the
statute that it cannot possibly have any other
meanin;. This is no now principle peculiar to
the jurisprudence of this countiy. It. was
plainly and emphatically recognized in the civil
law, as is evident from the very maxim I have
just quoted from the code:
" It, is certain that, rho laws and constitutions aro
to present, a form lor future, transactions, and not to
be referred to matters already finished, unless spe-
cially named and [as] of a pi eeedinf? time as a caution
to thoso wuich aro yet,pending."—Cod. L.,1, tit., xiv,.
soc. 7.
It was also an article in the constitution
established for the French republic in 1795,
that no law, criminal or civil, could have a re-
troactive cfl'ect; and the same limitation was
laid down as a fundamental truth in the code in
force under the sanction of the empire which
succccded, atrocious as the despotism of that
empire is said to have been. It is no matter
of wonder, then, that Sir Kdwnvd Coke should
have reaffirmed the aphorism of Bracton, which
is a substantial embodiment of the same gieat
principle, as ho did m his commentary upon
the statute of Gloucester, or that the English
courts, which so frequently thrust themselves
as the last, defense between the aggressions of
the Government and the rights of the citizen,
should have so constantly and persistently in-
sisted upon the doctrine I have asserted as a
cardinal rule of construction.
Blaekstone, in his commentaries, treats it
as a first principle, that all laws shall com
nienee in fulu.ro arid operate prospectively ;
and if we go back to the reign of Charles II,
in 1078, we will find the court of king's bench,
in the case of Giimore vt. Hhuter, unanimously
refusing to give a retrospective effect to a pro-
vision in the statute of frauds, because such a
construction would make the act, repugnant to
common justice.
Again, if we examine the more modern case
of Couch ®s. Jeffries, in -1 Burred, 1M00, we will
find the same court unanimously refusing to
give a retrospective effect to a statute, because
by so doing they would punish the plaintiff with
costs. It is true, sir, there seems to have been
an apparent departure fioui the principle in one
| or two casesiu the Common Pleasand at JSrfsi
Pritis, but those cases were all reviewed in a
comparatively recent ease decided in the court
of Exchequer, in which they are not only se-
verely criticised but emphatically declared to
be erroneous. I allude to the case of Moon vs.
Durden, reported in the second Exchequer re-
ports, page 22, which fully sustains the doctrine
for which i contend. This was an action brought
on a wager, but before the trial an act of Parlia-
ment was passed providing—
"That no suit shall he brought,or maintained in
any court of law or npu'v i 'r recovering any money
or valuable tiling alleged to be won upon aiiywn?®,
, or which shall have been deposed in the hands oi
j any neison to abide the event on which any wager
shall have been made."
I road the very words of the statute, sir,
because, it will be observed, they present a
