1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
565
whole instrument together, so that its various
provisions may harmonize with each other ;
c, as Blackstone expresses it in the first book
of his Commentaries, page GO:
"If the words happen to bo still dubious wo may
establish their meaning trom the context, with which
itinay boot singular use to comparea word or a sen-
tence whenever they are ambiguous, equivocal, or
intricate. Thus the proem or preamble is often called
111 to help the construction of an act of Parliament.
Of the same nature and use is the comparison of a
law with other laws that ere made by thesame legis-
lator that have some affinity with the subject or
that expressly relate to the same point.''
Considering this section, then, as a part of
the Constitution, let us examine it by the light of
other provisions contained in that instrument.
I have already alluded to the unqualified
disapprobation, and diegust with which the
wisest statesmen, and most enlightened jurists
of all civilized countries have universally re-
garded every variety of retrospective legisla-
tion affecting previously acquired or existing
rights; and, sir, it is not surprising that the
people of these States after they had out them-
selves loose from the monarchies of the Old
World, and come to lay the foundations of a
Federal Union, and Government, in which lib-
erty should be protected, and justice adminis-
tered according to the most enlarged views of
enlightened jurisprudence, sought to protect
themselves and their posterity from the detest-
able and dangerous engines of tyranny which
had so often cursed the country from which they
had just separated. With the iong list of bloody
attainders, and atrocious instances of retro-
spective legislation, which had disgraced the
history of many of the older Governments of
the world, fresh in their memories, they under-
took to demonstrate the great problem that a
Government.mightbeestabiished and sustained
for the benefit of the governed, without a resort
to any of those barbarous and inhuman meas-
ures justified under the specious plea of neces-
sity by tyrants who claimed their prerogative
by divine right. Consequently we find the wise
and patriotic statesman to whom they assigned
the duty of draftingthe Constitution of the Gov-
ernment they designed to establish providing
in the ninth section of the first article of that
instrument, that—
"No bill of attainder or cx post facto law shall be
passed."
This was intended as a limitation upon the
powers of the General Government, they were
proposing to erect; but so thorough was their
abhorrence and detestation of this iniquitous
character of legislation that they provided in
the very next section that ''No State shall pass
any bill of attainder or expost facto law;" and
when the people of the several States ratified
the Constitution they, by that act, pledged their
faith to each other, in the most solemn and em-
phatic manner, not only that the Federal Gov-
ernment should never enact such odious and
despotic laws, but that the individual States
would not themselves. And more than this,
sir, as if this were not a sufficient safeguard
to the rights of the citizen, or a sufficient ex-
pression of the utter detestation in which they
held such inhuman acts, thirty of the States
whose constitutions I have examined, and pos-
sibly some others whose constitutions I have
not seen, have incorporated the same prohibi-
tion in the most pointed and emphatic terms
in their own organic laws.
Nov/, I do not pretend to say, sir, that the
Legislatures of three fourths of the States of
this Union have not the power, according to the
letter of the Constitution, to pass an^ ex post
facto law under the guise oi' a constitutional
amendment, should such a thing be proposed
by two thirds of both Houses of Congress.
They might even go further, and in the same
manner abrogate the entire Bill of Rights, rob
the people of a whole section of the country of
their property without compensation, destroy
the coordinate departments of the Government,
and concentrate all its powers and functions
in the same person, or do any other despotic
and revolutionary act, and there would be_ no
remedy for those affected by such tyrannical
action except resistance, to be resorted to at
their peril. But I do say, sir, that no such
thing could be done without a most palpable
and infamous bieaeh of the faith solemnly
plighted by the people of the several States to
each other in their ratification of the Federal
Constitution. And I say further that no ex
post facto law could thus be passed unlesstwo
thirds of both Houses of Congress should ask
the States to do what the Constitution declares
they shall not do, and which they severally, by
their ratification of that instrument, pledged
themselves not to do.
Shall it be said then, sir, that Congress has
placed itself in the questionable attitude of ask-
ing the State Legislatures to violate the faith
thus solemnly plighted, or tliattlie Legislatuies
of three fourths of the States have violated that
faith by acceding to the proposition ? Who will
say that those who proposed, and those who
ratified this amendment have deliberately said
to the despotisms of the Old World, our plan of
a just and free Government is a mistake, and a
failure ? Your engines of oppression, your san-
guinary bills of attainder, your atrocious c,x
post facto laws are all right, in proof of which
and that the fact may never be disputed we have
placed upon the lace of our Constitution one of
the most glaring instances of sweeping retro-
spective legislation the annals of the en tire wot Id
can produce. Who will ha\ e the hardihood to
contend that the Legislatures of twentv-scven
States of this Union deliberately intended to do
what their own State constitutions, the Consti-
tution of the United States, and the common
sense of mankind concur m condemning as im-
moral, unjust., and oppressive? Who will say-
that the American people ever consented to see
one of the most conspicuous and venerable
landmarks of liberty and justice thus lemoved
from their Constitution ? Yet., sir, we must
admit all this if we insist that this section shall
have a retroactive operation. For if retrospect-
ive at all, it comes clearly within the definition
of an expost facto law, as understood by the
profession for centuries past; and if its Iraincrs
meant that it should be so construed, they
deliberately intended to incur all the imputa-
tions 1 have mentioned—imputations which
for one I can never get my consent to make.
But again, sir, if we turn to section two of
article second of the. Constitution we will find
that it confers upon the President the unlim-
ited power of granting reprieves and pardons
forall offenses against the United Stales except
in casesof impeachment. This provision sprang
from the noblest impulses of the human heart,
the heaven-bora sentiments of mercy and for-
giveness, the remnants of pristine purity and
perfection which survived the fall of the human
race ; and a similar power has been exorcised
bv every Government that has evei existed on
earth, savage or civilized, fiee or despotic.
We know, too, that the President, in the exer-
cise of this benign prerogative, extended the
full and unconditional clemency of the Gov-
ernment, both by special pardons, and by proc-
lamations of amnesty, issued in pursuance of
acts of Congress, to many of those who will be
affected by this amendment, if it is to be con-
strued retrospectively, long before it was even
proposed, much less ratified by the States ; and
we know, moreover, that many of such persons
have accepted and now hold offices under then-
respective States. Now, what the effect, of such
pardon was upon the political and social status
of the recipient I will let the Supreme Court
of the United States say. If gentlemen will
turn to the case ex parte Garland, 4 Wallace,
page 380, they will find the language which I
| will now read :
" The inquiry ariico os to the effect and operation
of a pardon, and on till.; point all iho authorities
agree. A pardon l-cachc* both the punishment pre-
scribed for the offense and the guilt of the offender,
and when the pardon is full it reloases tho punisti-
mentand blots out of exigence the suilt, so that m
the eye of tho law the offender is ax innocent n« it ho
had never committed the offense. It granted belore
conviction it prevents any of the penalties and dis-
abiiities consequent upon con\ ictiou h om attaching.
If^nmt'nl after convietion it removes the penalties
and disabilities, and restores him to all his civil
right*. It makes him, as it were, a new man, and
gives him a new credit and capacity.*-'
Or if this will not do I will read from another
authority, which I presume, will not bo ques-
tioned in this House. I will quote from one
who was the acknowledged autocrat of his
party, whose intellect was always clear and
incisive, and whose words were always delib-
erate and pointed. 1 allude to the late Hon.
Thaddeus Stevens. In the debate upon the
resolutions reported from the joint Committee
on Reconstruction, for which this amendment
was finally adopted as a substitute, Mr. Ste-
vens said, in answer to a question by the hon-
orable gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Blaine:]
"I will answer that question. I do not kuow if
the gentleman is a lawyer, but I suppose he has ex-
amined this question. A pardon, whether by tho
President having power or specially by act of Par-
liament or Congress, extinguishes tlio crime. After
that there is no such erimo in tho individual. A
man steals; he is pardoned: hois not then a thief,
ami you cannot, call himorio; or if you do you are
liable to an action for slander."
Again, he says:
" The law says that a man convicted of felony shall
not, testify. ~^-<>u call him as a witness; tho objector
shows his conviction, and he shows his pardon, unci
ho is no lclon."
But, sir, we find no exception made in this
section, of any recipient of executive clemency
whatever. If it applies to one. it. applies t,o all
of tho class mentioned, without a solitary ex-
i ception; and if retrospective in its operation
it, amounts to a cool and deliberate recantation
of the forgiveness extended under the benefi-
cent power of pardon, in the name of the peo-
ple of the United States, and in which their
honor was most, solemnly pledged. This is the
conclusion, str, from which no logic can ab-
solve you. Yon cannot escape from it. The
people of the United States, through their
constitutional agent,, extended their giacious
pardon to these persons, saying: ''Here,
accept this; it destroys your guilt; it gives you
a new credit, in society ; it, makes the past ob-
| livion ; it restores to yon every right of the
most unoffending citizen," Yet if this section
is retrospective it reaches out the strong hand
of despotic and vindictive power, and snatches
from the pour, defenseless recipient the price-
less boon of forgiveness bestowed upon him by
a generous and magnanimous people.
it may not be unjust, to the reputation of the
mob who howled around the palace ol Pontius
Pilate, clamoring for the blood of our Saviour,
to suppose that they, in the heal ol excitement,
might have done such a thing; but who will
dare to make such an insinuation against, the
honor and manhood of the Congress of the
United States and of the Legislature^ of twenty-
seven States of this Union? 1 imagine, sir,
that, those who voted for iliisamendmeiitwould
exclaim, willl indignant scorn upon such a foul
allusion, ''What! is thy servant a dog that, he
should do this thing?" Yet, sir, every man who
contends that, this amendment is retrospective
accuses all who were concerned in its enact-
ment of this atrocious disregaid of moral obli-
gation and plighted faith ; but as for roe, I
never can believe they intended thus to incur
the reproachful criticism of mankind through
all coming time. Never, sir; never!
But,, sir, if we will go back to the preamble
we will find the people of the United States sol-
emnly declaring that the very first great object
for which the Constitution was ordained, after
the formation of a more perfect union, was " to
establish justice." And now I would ask if
this amendment was intended to give the lie to
this solemn protestation of a great and virtu-
ous people? Or did those who enacted it have
such a contemptible opinion of the common
sense of mankind as to suppose they would be-
lieve that justice is to be established by over-
throwing, and trampling under foot its most
cardinal principles? Did the Legislatures of
twenty-seven States mean to say, that justice
was to be established by the enactment of just
such a law as is twice condemned in the^Con-
st.itution of the United States, and again in the
constitutions of thirty States of this Union, as
unjust and oppressive ? Did the Legislature
of New Hampshire mean to say that the twenty-
third section of their own bill of rights, which
