566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
.declares .that "retrospective laws are highly
Injurious, oppressive, and unjust, and no such
laws, therefore, should be made, either for the
decision of civil causes or the punishment of
crimes" is a lie, and that the way to establish
'justice and "secure the blessings of liberty to
ourselves and our posterity" is by enacting just
such laws as this clause in their own State
constitution declares to be "highly injurious,
upjust, and oppressive?" Did the Legislature
of Massachusetts intend to say that this declar-
ation in their own State constitution was a
mistake:
" Laws mado to punish for actions done before the
existence of such taws, and which have not been
4eclarB4 crimes by preceding laws, are unjust, op-
pressive, and. inconsistent with tlio fundamental
principles of a free Government?"
I repeat, sir, did the framers of this amend-
ment, or any of those who ratified it, suppose
that the way to "establish justice" was to
place upon the face of the Constitution itself
an instance of injustice and tyranny excelling
in atrocity even the despotic freak of Caligula,
when he wrote his laws in small characters
and hung them on high pillars, the better to
ensnare the people ? I say excelling in atrocity
this strange freak of oppression, for the sub-
jects of the Roman despot might by extraor-
dinary means have ascertained the legislative
will and governed themselves accordingly; but
here the tyrant's vengeance, locked in his own
bosom until the auspicious moment, is launched
like a thunderbolt from a clear sky upon the
unsuspecting victim while he is reposing with
confidence under the segis of his country's
pardon. *
But, sir, I never will believe that the makers
of this law intended it to operate retrospect-
ively. The reasons against such a conclusion
arc to my mind so overwhelming that, whatever
others may choose to do, 1 will not do such
injustice to their integrity and wisdom as to
entertain it for a single moment.
" X will not do them wrong; I rather choosc
To wrong thedcad, to wrong myself and you,
Than I will wrong such honorable men."
But, sir, notwithstanding the words of this
section have clearly a prospective meaning,
and cannot be otherwise construed without a
gross violation of-the plainest principles of
our language; notwithstanding the well-settled
rule of legal construction, which compels us to
abide by the words of a statute when they are
plain ; notwithstanding the universally recog-
nized rule, that where the words leave it in
doubt whether the law was intended to be re-
trospective or not we must out of respect to the
lawgiver and the general sense of mankind
always construe it as prospective; notwithstand-
ing we cannot construe this section retrospect-
ively without making it shamefully inconsistent
with other provisions in the Constitution, as
well as with the entire scope and genius of our
Government; notwithstanding we cannot so
construe it Without making it the engine of the
grossest injustice and oppression; notwith-
standing we cannot give it such a construction
without violating the pledged honor of the
people of the United States, and ignoring the
plainest dictates of common humanity—not-
withstanding all this, I say, I may still be told
that we know, and th<j country knows that this
section was designed to disfranchise those who
were^ engaged in the late rebellion; but, sir,
this is simply a plain petitio principiis—a
mere begging of the question. For How do
wo know it? And how can wc determine the
intention of its makers, except by the means
I have indicated? I may be told that the
necessity of the occasion demanded that it
should be so; but, sir, I deny it. I can well see
how the experience of the late civil war may
have taught our people the necessity of pro-
viding more stringent penalties for those who
may engage in rebellion in future, for the dread
of such penalties may tend topreventtbe com-
mission of the offense; but it is impossible for
me to conceive how it can be necessary to cre-
ate a new punishment for an offense which has
already been committed. It cannot cure the
wrong already done, nor will it tend to prevent
its repetition in future. On the contrary, with
rfo interest in or affection for a Government
which ^deprives him of" the rights which it ac-
cords to the felon reeking with crime, fresh from
the cells of the ^penitentiary, and exasperated
by the manifest injustice of such a punishment,
the victim of it would only have fresh reasons
for revolt. Besides, sir, in a Government like
ours, whose paramount object it is "to estab-
lish justice," it can never be necessary to do
injustice to any one.
" 'Twill bo recorded for a precedent.
And many an error, by the samtf example,
Will rash into the State."
Gentlemen should not forget that the in-
ventor of the guillotine was himself a victim
to the offspring of his own ingenuity, and that
the precedents they establish may recoil upon
themselves or their posterity.
Again, sir, I may be told that we know this
section was intended to operate retrospectively,
because such is the prevalent opinion in the
country, which nobody disputes but myself. I
am aware that the passions of the human heart
have been stirred to their lowest depths by the
late terrific civil war, and that the troubled
deep has not yet been calmed. I know, too,
in the general expectation of witnessing a.grand
exhibition of vengeatice, the still small voice
of justice is to a great extent unheeded ; but
are we, sir, to close our eyes upon the language
of the written law of the country, and seek the
legislative will in the crude impressions of the
excited multitude? If so, I have nothing more
to say. We are already in the vortex of an-
archy, and it is idle to talk of law.
But, sir, it may bo said that the debates upon
thisamendmentin Congress show itto be retro-
spective. Iapprehend; however, that no lawyer
will take such a position, for although I have
not time now to analyze the cases which verify
it, I presume no gentleman of any respectable
attainments in the profession will dispute me
when I state it as a well-established rule, that
for the purpose of ascertaining the intention
of the Legislature, no extraneous fact prior to
the passage of the bill which is not itself a
rule of law, or an act of legislation, can be
inquired into, or in any way taken into view.
If the speeches made in the Legislature which
enacts a law are to control the plain words of
the statute, then it is nonsense to reduce laws
to writing at all, but all should be left to collect
the legislative intent from the debates. And
besides, while we may ascertain the views of
those who participate in the discussion from
the speeches made by them, we must at last
rely upon the words of the statute itself for
the ideas of those who take no part in the
debate, for in that way only they choose to
express their will. But it is a sufficient answer
to all this to say that Congress did not make
this law. It required the concurrent action of
the Legislatures of twenty-seven States, em-
bracing, perhaps, over two thousand different
minds to give it the effect it has; and how have
these Legislatures expressed their wills except
by the simple words of the section itself?
And finally, sir, it may be insisted that this
section should be regarded as having a retro-
spective effect because this Congress has so
considered and acted upon it in numerous
instances ; but if gentlemen will recur to a pas-
sage I read a while ago, from the case of
Sturgis vs. Crowninshield, they will find this
point already answered by Chief Justice.Mar-
shall. I will repeat what he says :
"It is well settled that thespiritof the Constitution
is to be respected nolessthanits letter, yet that spirit
is to be collected chiefly from its words, and neither
the practice of Legislatures, nor other extrinsic cir-
cumstances can control its clear languago."
He made use of this language in reply to the
position that the State insolvent laws did not
conflict with the constitutional prohibition upon
laws impairing the obligation of contracts,
because such laws were supported by the un-
broken practice of the State Legislatures for
thirty years. And he says further:
"But if, in any case, the plain meaning of s, pro-
vision, not contradicted by any other provision in
the same instrument, is to be disregarded because we
believe the framersof that instrument did not intend
what they say, it must be one in which the absurdity
and injustice of applying the provision to the case
would be so monstrous that all mankind would with-
out hesitation unite in rejecting the application."
That is to say, sir. no difference what we may
believe to have been the motives and intentions
of the framers of this section, from extrinsic
circumstances, if the language of the section
is plainly prospective in its terms, and if giving
it such a construction will not render it incon-
sistent with other provisions of the Constitu-
tion, we are bound to regard it as prospective
unless such a construction would be nnhesitat-
ingly pronounced by all mankind to be unjust,
absurd, and monstrous.
Now, sir, if my reasoning has been correct,
it must follow as an inevitable conclusion that
the fourth section of the bill under considera-
tion is not only unnecessary, but that it must
lead to the most mischievous consequences, as
it must of necessity, should it become a law,
subject a large number of our citizens, who I
consider it no disparagement to the gentleman
from Massachusetts to say are as honorable
and as well disposed toward this Government
as c't.lier he or myself, besides cumbering our
courts with a vast number of irritating and
vexatious actions which cannot fail to promote
discord, bitterness, and bad feeling wherever
they exist without producing any good results.
And I will add, sir, without any disrespect to
any one, that it seems to me to be singularly
cruel and unjust to subject men who honestly
and conscientiously believe they have a perfect
legal right to the offices they now hold, to a
criminal prosecution for discharging the duties
of those offices before their right to do so has
been judicially denied.
I have now, sir, endeavored to discuss this
question strictly from a legal stand-point; to
consider it as I hope and trust it will be con-
sidered by a wise and upright judiciary should
it ever be brought before the courts of the
country. And if I have been tedious in the
array of legal principles I have attempted to
njake it is because those principles are " like
apples of gold in pictures of silver"—the calm
and dispassionate opinions of wise and just
men whose positions elevated them, above the
influence of passion and party strife, and who
expressed them under every obligation which
honor, morality, and religion could impose to
speak the truth, maintain justice, and defend
the right. Some of these principles may have
occasionally been departed from, it is true, at
a time when the division line between the great
powers of Government were but feebly drawn
and imperfectly understood, but such depar-
tures have never failed to be severely repre-
hended by all just and good men, and I think
I may safely say that I have stated no legal
proposition that may not now be considered
the settled law of the land.
But I know, sir, that few if any, have had the
temerity to venture upon theground I occupy in
regard to this question, and 1 may beiidiculed
for groping amid the somber catacombs of the
law while others are basking in the blaze oi'
new and brilliant theories of government., but
like Richelieu, "I appeal to time." When the
passions and the prejudices of this hour shall
have been forgotten, when some subject of the
future empire shall look back upon the days
of the old Republic when liberty was protected
and justice administered by law, or when, as
I would rather hope, our Government shall have
reared again the ancient landmarks of the Con-
stitution, and
"Returning Justice lift aloft her scales,"
then, and perhaps not till then, will my posi-
tion on this question be vindicated.
Mr. Cullom obtained the floor.
resumption of specie payments.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask unanimous consent to
move to recommit the bill reported by the
Committee on Banking and Currency iu rela-
tion to the resumption of specie payments.
Mr. Barnes, what is it?
Mr. LYNCH. It is a bill that has been
made a special order.
