1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
567
No objection being made, the bill was recom-
mitted.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to reconsider its re-
commitment ; and I give notice that I shall call
up the motion to reconsider on Monday next
after the morning hour.
new mexico indians.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary'of the Interior, transmitting a
letter from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
submitting estimates of appropriations to sup-
ply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
Indian service in New Mexico; which were
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
william ii. newman and company.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURN, oflndiana,
leave was granted for the withdrawal of the
papers filed and referred with House bill No.
902, to authorize the payment of the claim of
William H. Newman & Co. and L. A. Van
Hoffman & Co., of New York city.
leav1s of absence.
Mr. PRUYN. I ask leave of absence for
four days, on account of the death of a relative ;
and also that I may have printed in the Globe
hereafter, as part of the debates, the views
which I hold oti the bill and joint resolution
which have been under discussion to-day.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
employes in pension bureau.
Mr. HARDING. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be. and
is hereby, directed to report to the jlouse of Rep-
resentatives without delay the names of :ill eleiks,
messengers, and copyists who have been discharged
from the Pension Bureau, Department of the Inr«-
rior, since the adjournment of Congress in July, 1SG8;
the numbers and mimes of all clerks, copyists, mes-
sengers, and laborers appointed in said bureau
during that period, stating their actual place of resi-
dence, by whom recommended, the amount ol com-
pensation they now receive, how many were in the
United States Army, and if any ono of said clerks,
messengers, copyists, or laborers havo either served
in the rebel army or have given aid or comfort to the
so-called confederate States; also the amount of
the contingent fund of the Pension Bnieau that has
hcen expended since the said adjournment of Con-
gress m July, 1808, and for what purpose, stating the
names and cost of all articles whicn cont over titty
dollars, and of whom purchased.
Mr. BROOKS. I think I must object to this
persecution of the clerks.
military 110ai) in oregon.
Mr. ANDERSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1702) to amend
an act granting lands to the State of Oregon
to aid in the construction of a military road
from Eugene City to the eastern boundary of
said State ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
james 1'. earl.
Mr. BARNES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1763) for the relief of
James P. Earl; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
john and william 5iattingly.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I ask unanimous coil-
scut to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That tile President of the United States
be requested to iniorm this House the reasons why he
p.ndoned John and William Mattingly, tried in cir-
cuit, court, Kentucky district, in October, 1S67, for
having whisky in possession with intent to remove
the same without payment of tax, convicted and
sentenced to pay a fine of K2.U00.
Mr. BROOKS. That is a Kentucky and not
a New York matter. I object.
SUITKAGE.
Mr. Cl'LLOM resumed the floor.
Mr. SHANKS. If the gentleman will give
wav I will move that the House adjourn.
Mr. CULLOM. Before I do so I desire to
state that a part of the remarks which I intend
to make are not entirely pertinent to the sub-
ject under discussion t'o-day, and I would like
to have the unanimous consent of the House
to make them, so as not to bo called to order
! upon that point. I should, of course, be sub-
ject to whatever rules the House may enforce
as to any other point of order.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. Let him have it.
No objection was made.
Mr. SHANKS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at three o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned,
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BANKS : The petition of the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company, of New York city,
praying for the passage of an act giving them
the right of appeal from the judgment of the
consular court at Yokohama, Japan, in the
case of the steamer Heimann.
By Mr. COBB: The memorial of William
II. Downs and others, citizens of Ilichland
Centre, Wisconsin, on the subject of naturali-
zation.
By Mr. COOK : A petition of the professors
and faculty of certain medical colleges in the
city of New York, and resolutions of the class
of Bellevue Hospital Medical College, praying
for the passage of a bill for the reorganized ion
of the medical department of the Navy.
By Mr. EGpLESTON; A resolution of
the council of the city of Cincinnati, asking
for an appropriation to purchase a site for a
custom-house and post office in said city.
Also, a protest from the saw manufacturers
of Cincinnati, against an increase of duty on
steel as proposed in House bill No. KM'.).
By Mr. HAUG1IEY : A memorial of the
General Assembly of Alabama, asking a grant
of laud to aid in the construction of a railroad
from Eufaula to Guntersville, in that State.
By Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts: The pe-
tition of John S. Buruell and otheis, praying
for legislation protecting persons engaged in
navigation from illegal exactions.
By Mr. J ULIAN : A petition of ICS citizens
of Dayton, Ohio, praying that,in any proposed
change or amendment of the Constitution of
the United States to extend or regulate suf-
frage there shall be no distinction made be-
tween men and women.
Also, a petition of 49 citizens of Clyde, Ohio,
praying the same.
Also, a memorial of the General Assembly
of Alabama, asking congressional aid for the
improvement of the Warrior river, in that
State.
By Mr. ORTII: A petition of citizens of
Warren county, Indiana, asking for the pas-
sage of a law preventing frauds in elections.
By Mr. ROBINSON: The petition of Os-
born & Cammaclc, George C. Peters, Shep-
herd Knapp, and many others, for the removal
of obstructions at Hell Gate, in the harbor of
New York.
By Mr. WARD : A petition of leading citi-
zens of Steuben county. New York, in favor
j of the restoration of Commander 11. S. May
to the active list in the Navy.
w
IN SENATE.
monday, January 25, 3 809.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Ga\y, D. D.
On motion of "Mr. CONNESS, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading ol the Journal ot
Saturday last was dispensed with.
credentials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, presented
the credentials of Hon. Alexander Ramsey,
chosen by the Legislature of Minnesota as Sen-
ator from that State for the term commencing
Maich 4, IStj'J ; which were read and ordered
' to be filed.
exkcutivk communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter of the Secretary of the In-
teiior, communicating an estimate of appro-
priation required to supply a deficiency in the
appropriation for the Indian service in New
Mexico for the years ending June SO, 186(5,
and June 30, 1867 ; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of War, communicating, in'com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate of the
18th instant; documents relating to the claim
of Cowan & JDickiusou for cotton taken for the
defense of Knoxville, Tennessee; which was,
on motion of Mr. Patterson, of Tennessee,
referred to the Committee on Claims.
western military claims.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate ■the action of the ilonse of Rep-
resentatives on the amendment to the joint
resolution (II. R. No. 40i) providing for the
disposition of certain papers relative to mili-
tary claims accruing in the Department of the
West.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. What order
will the Senate take with reference to this bill?
Mr. GRIMES. 1 think the Senator from Illi-
nois [Mr. Trumbull] had charge of that mat-
ter, and as he is not present I suggest it lie on
the table for the present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will he
on the table.
committee service.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. EI:elixoucvsex a member of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing vote
of the two Houses on the bill (II. K. No. Oil)
to amend certain acts in relation to the Navy
and Marine corps.
1>HTIT10XS AND MK.110IUALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the petition of Mary A. Lincoln, widow of the
late Abraham Lincoln, who was assassinated
while President of the United States, praying
to be allowed a pension ; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Go\ernor of Indiana, communicating a re-
port of the sales made by that State of the land
scrip received from the United States under
the act of July 2, 18U2, relative to agricultural
colleges, and the appropriation of the proceeds
of such sales; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
He also presented the petition of Rowland
Cromelien, praying that he may be granted the
light of way for an air line railway to be laid
under his patent, from Washington, District
of Columbia, to Annapolis, Maryland; which
was referred to the Committee 011 Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of Dr.
Edward Delafield, president, Drs. WUlard
Parker, John T. Metcalf, T. M. Markoe, and
others, professors and students of the College
of Physicians and Surgeons of the city of New
York, in favor of the bill for the reorganization
of the medical corps of the Navy; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
Augustus W. Punchard, of Boston, Massachu-
setts, praying to be allowed a pension; which
was referred to the Committer on Pensions.
Mr. FERRY presented the petition of Lit-
tleton R. Edwards, praying the removal of
political disabilities imposed on him by acts
of Congress; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CRAGIN presented a petition of Dr.
Cyius E. Baker, of Claieraotit, New Hamp-
shire, a contract surgeon in the Army during
the late rebellion, asking that a pension may
be granted to him; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Benjamin
ji O Stone, praying to bo allowed a pension;
jj which was referred to the Committee oi) Pen-
h (dons.
