1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
569
vided the vote indefinitely to postpone is not
a vote against the bill upon its merits, which
cannot he reviewed except upon a motion to
reconsider. I have not understood that force
to be given to a vote of indefinite postpone-
ment. It is but a postponement. It is not a
vote upon the merits, as 1 conceive, and there-
fore 1 hope the motion of my colleague can
be heard by the Senate. I think it will be well
that this bill shall be considered by another
committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is new to the Chair, but the inclination of
his mind is that indeliuitepostponements in the
Senate have been considered as a final dispo-
sition of the matter. The Chair is aware that
there is a joint rule which continues bills from
session to session of the same Congress where
they are undisposed of; but in the Senate,
though not aware that the precise ease now pre-
sented has arisen directly, the Chair believes
that an indefinite postponement has always
been treated as a final disposition of the subject-
matter. But the question is an important one,
and the Chair instead of deciding it will refer
it to the Senate to decide ; and the question for
the Senate will be, whether the motion now to
take up a bill that was indefinitely postponed at
the last session is in order.
Mr. SUMNER. As there is a question of
order involved in that motion, or at least a
question with regard tothe usage of the Senate,
I desire to say that while I have regretted, with
such knowledge as I have, that the motion for
indefinite postponement of this bill was made
and acted on by the Senate, I do not see any
way to rectify it now during the present ses-
sion. f believe that a motion to postpone in
definitely, when made and carried, is what the
name implies, an indefinite postponement of
the measure. It takes it, I should say, for the
existing Congress out of the jurisdiction ; it is
a final disposition for that Congress. So I have
always regarded the rule, and such T believe to
have been the practice. Were the question
presented in any other form, were the propo-
sition that the bill should be introduced again,
1 should favor it; but I do not see any way of
reviving the old bill; it is a corpse ; I do not
think it can be resuscitated.
Mr. SHERMAN. Jefferson's Manual lays
down a rule which I think settles the matter.
The Senate uses a different mode of postpone-
ment from that which is used in Parliament,
and Jefferson m stating the equivalent motions
says that a parliamentary postponement in-
definite is equivalent in the Senate to a post-
ponement to a day beyond the session, and
that is all he says about it. It would seem that
that modifies the general effect of a motion to
postpone. A motion to postpone indefinitely
in tin; Senate is simply equivalent to a motion
to postpone to a day beyond the session, 'Jef-
ferson treats them as equivalent motions, as
will be seen by reference to his Manual, at page
198 of the compilation in my hand.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, this is an im-
portant question, and the intimations of the
Chair and of the Senator from Ohio are a lit-
tle different from what I have usually under-
stood the rule to be. I have some extracts
here which I will read on this point:
" Indefinite postponement is peculiar to our legis-
lative assemblies; and the nearest proceeding to it,
which could take place, according to the loimsof
P.uliamont, would bo to discharge the order tor its
consideration on a particular day without renewing
it.''—('Ltshuiij, i385.
"Xiic moiion to postpone indefinitely is of Ameri-
can origin, and peculiar to legislative assemblies in
thr- country, in which it is used. In the House of
lieprcsentytivcs it is provided by a rule that when
a, question i? postponed mdefinitcly.it shall not he
ac'ed upon again at the same session. "—Gushing, 1386.
"It they wish to suppress a bill for the whole of
that session, they postpone it indefinitely. This
qunsb'-s the proposition for that session."—Jeffer-
son's Manual, 143. .
"When a question is postponed indefinitely, the
same shall not bo acted on asram duiins the session. '
— Barc/mi, 36; JSouie lili'c 142.
"in the Senate il they wi-di to suppress it for the
whole of that session, they postpone it indefinitely. —
Barclay, Go; 3 JIatsetl, 183.
The result according to parliamentary law
of an indefinite postponement is to arrest any
further action oil the proposition at the same
session, and carry it to the next session, and
lience the twenty-first joint rule becomes ap-
plicable. It seems to me that that is tlije prin-
ciple of parliamentary law generally, and it is
the uile of convenience in one sense. What
is imported by the words "a motion to post-
pone indefinitely?" According to the under-
standing of that rule by all the paiiiaiueutary
authoiities, that disposes of the subject for the
session, but for no longer period ; and without
going over the forms of referring the subject
again to a committee aud having a report of
the committee, the result of the parliamentary
law seems to be, and I think it is consistent
with good sense, that at the next session the
subject may be taken up as though it had not,
been acted upon at all, as unfinished business
of the preceding session.
I have not referred to the rules of the House
of Representatives to see whether they have a
special rule relating to the subject or not, but
as quoted in the extracts which I have read
the rule of the House is specifically that a mo-
tion to postpone indefinitely prevailing only
disposes of the subject for that session, and
that is confirmatory of the parliamentary law
as quoted from Jefferson's Manual.
Well, Mr. President, if the Senate have no
express rule upon that point, and the House
has, there ought to be as much homogeneous-
ness as possible between the proceedings and
rules of the two Houses. The fact, then, that
the House of Representatives has provided by
a definite lule tiiat the effect of this motion
prevailing shall be simply to postpone the sub-
ject for the session, and leav^ it to bo taken
up at the next session, in the absence of any
rule of the Senate on the subject we ought to
conform to the rule of the House ; and, accord-
ing to llie quolation 1 have read from Jeffer-
son's Manual, that seems to be the effect and
the principle of the general parliamentary law.
Sir, it seems to nic that a motion to post-
pone indefinitely is not equivalent to a rejec-
tion. The hitter is a specific motion referring
to the merits of the proposition, and to the
whole of its merits. Where that motion is
made and prevails there is a specific judgment
of the body against, the merits of the proposi-
tion, aud it stands rejected until it is renewed
according to the forms of parliamentary law ;
but where the motion is not to reject, but sim-
ply to postpone indefinitely, it is not an equiv-
alent motion j because many members of the
Senate might be willing to vote for an indefi-
nite postponement who would not vote for a
specific motion to reject. It seems to me that
the parliamentary law, as it is referred to in
these extracts, aud the fact, of a positive rule
upon the point, existing in the House of Rep-
resentatives, to which for convenience the Sen-
ate ought to conform if it has not a rule of its
own, ought to lead the Senate to Iho decision
that such a motion as that prevailing only dis-
poses of the subject for that particular session.
Mr. FESSENDBN. When I first looked at
this question, my attention having been called
to it, I had the same impression which seemed
to prevail with other members of the Senate,
that a motion to postpone indefinitely, if it
prevailed, was equivalent to the rejection of a
bill. I, however, took a little pains to exam-
ine the authorities on the subject, and I came
precisely to the conclusion, on seeing those
authorities, to which the Senator from Ken-
tucky has unived, that that was an entire mis-
apprehension, aud that under the parliament-
aiy law the effect was simply to postpone the
| bill so that it could not bo acted upon at the
j session at which the motion was made and pre-
' vailed. If that is the ease—aud that was the
conclusion to which 1 came, and about which I
think, 011 looking at the authorities, there can
be no doubt—the result is that this bill is
simply unfinished business, business which we
did not finish at that session, but postponed
the consideration of, so that_ it could not he
again consideicd at that session. The result
of that is that under our general rale the bill
comes over to this session as unfinished busi-
ness, and may properly be called up as it has
been called up by the honorable Senator from
Indiana.
I was glad to come to that result in my own
mind simply for the reason that on looking at
some of the papers.in the case, which 1 waa
requested to do, I became convinced that Mr.
McGarralian had labored under a misappre-
hension, which had arisen fiom conversation
and a letter of one of the committee that con-
sidered the bill. He had every reason to be-
lieve that the bill was to go over to this session
in the ordinary course of business. Any one
would draw that inference from the letter which
was written, and which is in print, on the sub-
ject from one of the committee. He was
requested or advised to get other testimony,
and he left with a design to get other testi-
mony, on the strength of what may be called
an implied assurance that the matter was not
to be considered until he had had an oppor-
tunity to obtain it. Under those circumstances,
leaving the city, and leaving the matter in no-
body's charge, and it being a matter of very
great and vital importance to himself—whether
ho is right or wrong I do not undertake to say—
it happened that on the very last night of the
session the subject was called up and the bill
indefinitely postponed without any objection
or any understanding certainly on the part of
those, it'there were such, who had looked into
Mr. McCrarrahan's case and believed that he
was right. As he was evidently taken by sur-
prise, however innocently it might have been
done, and however properly it might have been
done, it is no more than right, if within the
rules his bill can be considered fairly, that it
should be considered before the Senate; and,
believing it to be entirely within the rule, I
hope the motion will prevail.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, inasmuch
as Mr. McUarrahau has sent a circular around
the Senate complaining of bad treatment, and
there has been a great deal said about his case,
and inasmuch as t have been complained of
by Mr. McGarralian in connection with the
case, before this motion passes from the Sen-
ate 1 desire to review the claim sufficiently to
let the Senate understand its general character-
istics ; for I believe there never was a bill be-
fore this body with regard to which there was
such an erroneous impression prevailing. I
think it due to the committee who made the
report that, that report should be first read. I
wish to have it read as a part of my remarks,
and then I shall have further remarks to make
with regard to this subject. I want the whole
transaeuon brought before the Senate,
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the merits of the
bill wilt not bo discussed on the motion now
before the Senate.
Air. STEWART. The merits of the bill
have been alluded to, and the fa'ct that Mr. Mc-
Garralian has been badly treated and advan-
tage taken of him has also been alluded to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is mis-
taken ; the merits of the bill have not been
alluded to by me, and I believe I am the only
one who has spoken of it. All that I said was
in relation to the manner in which it was dis-
posed of. I said 1 had no opinion upon the
meiits of the bill itself. I did not go into the
merits of it, and if the Senator does he must
not. plead the example of anybody else.
Mr. STEWART. The two Senators from
Indiana have stated that they thought the bill
deserved eonsideiation on its merits, and did
not like the way it was disposed of.
Mr. MORTON. 1 did not. say so.
I so understood the Sen-
Mr. STEWART,
ator.
Mr. MORTON,
the opportunity.
Mr. STEWART.
But [ will say so if I get
I should lite to have the
report of the committee lead.
Mr. FESSENDEX. Aud then lei the re-
pott that was made in the House of Repre-
sentatives be icad also.
Mr. STEWART. Very well; and then I
shall have some remarks to make on the sufa-
ii jec.t.
