510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that the
preliminary question of order had better be
settled first.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The papers
were all sent back to the House of Represent-
atives with the bill. According to our prac-
tice, where there is an indefinite postpone-
ment the bill and accompanying papers go
back to the House in which it originated, and
the papers in this ease have gone there.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
twenty-first joint rule read. I think that will
settle the matter.
The Chief Clerk read the twenty-first joint
rule, as follows:
"21. After six days from the commencement of a
second or subsequent session of Congress all bills,
resolutions, or reports which originated in either
House, and at the close of the next, preceding session
remained undetermined in either House, shall be
resumed and acted on in the same manner as if an
adjournment had not taken place."
Mr. SUMNER. I had proposed to call the
attention of the Senate to that joint rule, which
seems to me to govern this case. I observed
a moment ago, when I was up, that so far as I
was aware the unbroken usage of the Senate
liad been to treat the indefinite postponement
of any measure as a final disposition of it by
that Congress, not merely by the session in
which the motion prevailed, but by that Con-
gress. I had never looked at the books to see
to what extent in their language they sustained
what I thought was the usage of the Senate,
but my attention has been called to this twenty-
first rule, which, at the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, has now been read by the Secre-
tary, and it seems to me that it govei-ns this
case. By that rule—
"All bills, resolutions, or reports which originated
in either House, and at the close of the next preced-
ing session rein,lined undetermined in either House,
plirtll be resumed and ncted on in tho same manner
as if an adjournment had not taken place."
The operative words of that rule which are
applicable to this case are "remained unde-
termined." When the motion to indefinitely
postpone is made and carried does not that
determine the question? Can you say afterward
that the matter which has been indefinitely
postponed has "remained undetermined." I
submit that you cannot, and I submit further
that this rule is possibly the secret, if I may so
express myself, of what I believe has been the
invariable usage of the Senate. I am not aware
that any matter indefinitely postponed has been
revived during the same Congress. I may be
mistaken. That I give as my recollection, and
I now adduce this rule as sustaining the usage.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The words of the rule,
"remained undetermined," must of course be
construed with reference to what the immediate
phrase means. For instance, if, as the Sena-
tor assumes, on the ground that he does not
recollect anything to the contrary, an indefinite
postponement means a rejection, then he is
right; it is then definitely determined. But if
the true construction of the phrase " indefinite
postponement" is not rejection, but a post-
ponement to another session, then it does
remain undetermined, for it goes over to be
determined at the next session. So that the
phrase "remained undetermined" must be
taken with reference to the operation of the
motion to indefinitely postpone. That the
honorable Senator does not remember anything
to the contrary does not prove what the true
construction of this indefinite postponement
is—whatit means. 1 rememberno case, either,
and perhaps there has been none since the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts and myself have been
members of the Senate; but that proves nothing
except that this is the first time that the ques-
tion arises, I stated that I had the same im-
pression. It was because when a matter is
indefinitely postponed it is usually the case that
by common consent it is a matter that should
not be further considered, and therefore the
question has not arisen. But has the Senator
been able to point us to any precedent? Has
he been able to discover anywhere a decision
that goes the length of saying that an indefinite
postponement of a bill is a rejection of that
bill? Notatall. Neither is it within the mem-
ory of any Senator; neither is it to be found in
any book. On the contrary, in all the books
it is found that this proceeding, being peculiar
to this country, the universal reading of it is
that it only carries a bill over to the next suc-
ceeding session, and does not determine it.
That cannot be overcome by the want of recol-
lection of the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts, or my want of recollection, or any-
body else's. The question is, has the question
arisen and been determined? If it has not,
now is the time to determine it on a motion
which properly presents the question itself.
Mr. CONNESS. The determination of this
question does not rest with the memory or the
want of knowledge on the part of my honor-
able friend from Massachusetts, as stated by
the Senator from Maine, because there is no
want of that kind. There is a rule on the sub-
ject—a rule that illustrates and explains what
indefinite postponement in the Senate means.
What is the rule? It is a rule of universal
usage, namely, that the other House, the body
in which a measure originates which has been
indefinitely postponed, are always informed by
a message, an official communication, that the
bill, giving its number, has been rejected or
indefinitely postponed, as the case may be.
We do not inform the House, nor does the
House inform the Senate, when a bill is post-
poned to a day certain, when it is referred to
a committee for consideration, or when it is in
any of the stages by which it is before the
body. But when it is definitely disposed of,
when the Senate has said that they will post-
pone it indefinitely, which means to postpone
it to a day after the session, which is not a
legislative day, and therefore a day upon which
it dies and has ceased to be, then an official
communication is sent by the body that does
that act to the body in which the bill origin-
ated, informing them of that form of rejection.
I will ask the Chairor the Clerk, familiar with
the proceedings of this body, whether there
has ever been an exception to that official in-
formation being conveyed ?
I have no objection to the reintroduction of
this bill. I facilitated for Mr. McGarrahan
when his bill was before this body the most
thorough examination of the subject; and an
exhaustive investigation of the subject has been
made. Let it be made again, if necessary,
but let not the rules of this body and the usage
of this body from the time it begun be set aside
for the. purpose of resuscitating a measure. I
have never heard before of any exposition of
the motion of indefinite postponement but the
one stated by the Senator from Kentucky, that
it is a postponement to a day beyond the ses-
sion. In addition to that, it prohibits the re-
introduction during that session, after the in-
definite postponement, of that measure again ;
but in addition to that prohibition it is a rejec-
tion, for it is a postponement to a day that is
not a legislative day, aud the moment that tho
motion passes it dies.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President 
OIlDEIi. OF BUSINESS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished busi-
ness of Saturday is before the Senate, being
the bill (S. No. 256) relating to the Central
Branch Union Pacific Railroad Company, on
which the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stew-
art] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of the
Senator from Nevada I will move, in pursu-
ance of the notice I gave a week ago, to post-
pone the present and all prior orders with a
view to take up Senate bill No. 793, in relation
to t.he public debt and the currency.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the Sen-
ator from Ohio allow me to introduce some
amendments which I propose to the bill, in
order that they may be printed?
Mr. SHERMAN. That can be done as soon
as it is taken up.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senate will
proceed with the consideration of the bill men-
tioned by the Chair, Senate bill No. 256, which
is the regular order of the day. I think we
shall not be occupied long upon that bill before
we come to the final disposition of it. We have
spent so much lime upon it, both at the former
session and at this session, that it appears to
me due to the parties in interest, who claim
our consideration, that we should proceed and
dispose of the case. Let them know what their
fate is to be. If we intend to come to then-
aid, let us do so; and if we do not, let us say
so plainly; but let us finish the bill. I shall
be entirely willing to take up the bill to which
the Senator from Ohio has alluded the moment
this is disposed of, but I think it is due to the
parties who have presented this claim that they
should have a prompt answer upon this sub-
ject. It is a very important subject to them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know that it is
necessary for 'me to enlarge upon this ques-
tion. I thoughtit was the general ijnderstand-
irfj* during the whole of the past week that the
subject of the finances should be taken up at
this time and disposed of. The Senate ought
to consider whatever it does in regard to the
public debt and the currency with great delib-
eration. It is a subject of vital importance,
far outweighing all railroad bills of any char-
acter. I trust, therefore, we may now at this
period of the session take it up and decide
upon whatever action we may agree upon. In
regard to this Central Branch railroad bill, I
know it will consume a good deal of time; and
the state of the public business is now such
that we must proceed to act upon those bills
of general importance on which we can have a
vote of the Senate. To-morrow, I am informed,
several appropriation bills will be brought be-
fore us; Thursday has been already set apart
for the consideration of the constitutional
amendment ; and I take it, if we take up this
bill, the natural weight of the subject will re-
quire the attention of the Senate at least three
days. I trust, therefore, that no opposition
will be made to this motion. The Senator
from Michigan can get the attention of the Sen-
ate at some other time to this railroad meas-
ure. At any rate, the question of a subsidy to
a railroad is of far less importance than the
general subject relating to the public debt and
the currency.
Mr. MORTON. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance gave notice early last week
that he would move to take up his bill on that
subject to-day. I think it is due to him that
he should be allowed to do it, and that the
pending business, the railroad bill, should be
displaced long enough to enable him to make
his speech. 1 am in favor of the railroad bill,
but I think it ought to give way long enough
to allow the chairman of the Committee on
Finance to take up his bill and make his speech
on the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish it to be
taken up for that purpose or to be placed on
that ground.
Mr. NYE. The honorable Senator from
Ohio took three days in the discussion here of
a bill providing for a railroad from Washington
to New York, and I suppose the bill he now pro-
poses to take up will occupy quite as long. We
have now got so near the disposition of the
Central Branch railroad question that I think
it would be economy of time to dispose of it.
It is quite as important as that other railroad
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to my friend
from Nevada that I would unquestionably have
moved to postpone that or any other bill, even
although I was very much in favor of its passage.
Mr. NYE. So was 1; but it seems to me
we are so near the end of the discussion on this
bill that we had better let it be decided, and
then take up the Senator's bill and sit it out.
I am willing, for one, to stay here as long as
the Senator desires us to stay in order to dis-
pose of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the order of the day be postponed for the
purpose of taking up the currency bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that the friends of
