574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
that the Kaw valley line would-go on to a
,1 miction with the Omaha orwithtlie main line
lrom the one hundredth meridian.
How do weknow that? The projectors, the
managers, the controllers of the Kaw valley
line finally determined that it was not for their
interest to connect with the Omaha line at all.
j f not for their interest, why should we con-
clude that it was for the interest of the central
branch? The Kaw valley line is still being
prosecuted toward the Pacific ocean in another
direction widely divergent from that) pursued
by the Omaha line. How could we say in 1866,
how can we say to-day, that it Was not the judg-
ment of the friends of the central branch road
that they'should unite their fortunes on the
eastern division, goingup the Kaw valley, going
up the Smoky Hill fork, and going on toward
the Pacific ocean over the line which that com-
pany is now pursuing? Sir, we cannot settle
that.
I make these remarks with the view of sug-
gesting that if Congress had known precisely
what the attitude of these several companies
was in 1860, when the act of July 3, of that
year, was passed, we were not authorized to con-
clude that the changing of the line of the east-
ern division was an injury to the central branch.
We had as much evidence to believe that it
would be profitable to the central branch com-
pany to go to the Pacific over the route now
pursued by the eastern division company as it
is to the eastern division company itself.
But, Mr. President, I stand here to say that
Congress is not responsible for the act of July
3, I860, no matter how seriously or injuriously
it may affect the interests of the central branch
company. I stand here to say that the central
branch company itself is responsible for it. If
that act had purported to take from the central
branch company its right to build a mile of
road, its right to a dollar of subsidy, and the
central branch company had acted in refer-
ence to it as they did in reference to the act we
passed, the mouth of the central branch com-
pany would have been closed against all right
ot complaint on their part. I have no right to
convey the farm of my friend from Vermont;
but it I do convey it and he stands by and sees
me do it, he can not question the title which you
take from me in his presence with full knowl-
edge of the act without a word of protest
against it; by the fact of his keeping silence
when the conveyance was made he is estopped
from questioningyour right to the property con-
veyed. Sir, was not this the attitude of the
central branch company when the act of July
3, 1806, passed in these two Houses? This
point was made at. the last session of Congress.
Attention was called then to the fact that oue
ot the officers of the company was at that time
on the floor of the Senate, and, instead of ob-
jecting to passage of that bill was urging it.
Mr. lOMKROY. Mr. President, I corrected
that several times, and I take this opportunity
to correct it again. 1 not ordy did not urge it,
but opposed it, as I have shown from the 0 lobe.
Mr. HOW!',. ] beg the Senator's pardon if
he has correctedit. My attention had not been
called to that (act. I understood the Senator
nom Maine to repeat that this morning*.
Jur. 1 OMliROY. I rose tocorrect him, and
he said he wished 1 would wait until he got
through; buc I corrected that at the last ses-
sion.
Mr. HOWE. I certainly stand corrected,
then, as to the attitude of the Senator from
Kansas. I ought, therefore, to waive that posi-
tion. 1 did not rely upon it then. The mere
silence or the mere support of an officer of the
company here I do not teel authorized to re-
gard as conclusive upon the rights of the con-
stituency winch he represented to a certain
extent, tor it is onlytoa certain extent that any
single oliicer of a corporation can represent
the stockholders. 1 was in some doubt as to
whether J was authorized to conclude that the
company itself knew of the pendency of the
act of July 3, 1866 ; but the fact that they did
know ot it was put beyond all controversy the
other day by the Senator from Michigan. [Mr
Howard,] who presents here what purports to
be a copy of a remonstrance which he says—
and I have no disposition to question the accu-
racy ot his statement—was presented in the
House of Representatives. That remonstrance
shows this fact conclusively, that the company
did know of the pendency of that act. It does
not conclusively show that they knew it until
the 21st of June, if I remember rightly. The
remonstrance bears date on that day. It was
presented in the House of Representatives on
the 22d of June. The bill had been reported
early in March preceding.
Many of the gentlemen who signed that paper
reside in Massachusetts, others in New York.
Mails go^ between this locality and those every
little while—more than once in three months,
at all events. Now, I cannot help coming to
the conclusion that that intelligent railroad cor-
poration didknow of the pendency of the bill
while it was m the Senate. The Senator from
Maine has come to the contrary conclusion.
He thinks they did not know anything about
it until the 21st of June, 1866. I do not know
that he is wrong, and therefore I do not know
that I am right, but I think it fairer to conclude
that they were not so excessively stupid, so
very sleepy upon this great right, which they
now insist was infringed upon, as that conclu-
sion of the honorable Senator would make them
out to be. I think they must have known of
the pendency of .the bill long before it passed
the Seriate. What, then, was manifestly their
dutyif they mcantto be governed by good faith
toward Congress? Why, if they held that to
be an infringement of their rights they should
have come to the Senate as well as to the House
of Representatives, and have said so.
It is not enough for them to ask the judg-
ment of one House of Congress upon their
rights. It takes the concurrence of both Houses
to pass a lawgranting or infringing rights ; and
they were as much bound to take the judgment
of both Houses upon the question which inter-
ested them as the judgment of one ; and I feel
therefore authorized, 1 feel compelled, because
of the fact that this bill went through here
without a^ remonstrance from any of them, and
from the fact that we never heard that a remon-
strance was made on their part anywhere until
within a day or two, to come to t his conclusion,
that the company deliberated at first upon the
question whether they should let that bill pass
both Houses, and then insist that they were
clothed with the rights which the eastern division
company had and could take the subsidy which
had been granted to them in order to build up
the valley of the Republican fork, or whether
they should conclude that they had no such
right, and should remonstrate against the pas-
sage of the bill.
It seems to me they deliberated upon that
question. What their conclusion was finally I
ana not satisfied. It is said they presented this
remonstrance and urged it to the House. The
remonstrance says that this act of I860 is a
violation ot their rights, or at least that it is
an injury to their interests, "because it will cut
them off from a connection with the Omaha
line. The remonstrance concedes the law of
the case to be as it is settled by the Secretary
of the Interior, the law of the case to be as I
insist, it is. The language of the remonstrance
is a plain concession that they had no right to
any subsidy beyond the one" hundred miles,
whether that bill passed or not; and that, there-
fore, if the bill did pass, there would be no
power of making a connection except at their
own cost. But I rather conclude, Mr. Presi- ■
dent, that they did not press that point. The
balance of the evidence goes to satisfy me that
they came to the conclusion that their best hold,
as the boys say sometimes, was to let the bill
pass, and then insist that the Government was
bound to give them the subsidy which was ori-
ginally provided for making a connection with
the Omaha line. If that was their conclusion
it seems to me they did not act in good faith
toward the two Houses of Congress ; and if it
was not their conclusion, it seems to me they
did not act in good faith toward the two Houses,
because they did not, inform the judgment of
both Houses as to the precise manner in which
their interests were involved in the bill of 186S.
But suppose T am wrong on both these points,
I have two questions yet to suggest. If their
rights were injuriously affected"by the passage
of the act of 186C, and thid company was in-
nocent in.reference to the passage of that bill,
these two questions remain to be considered :
how much was the central branch injured bv
that act, and who should pay the damage'?
What was the damage and who should pay it ?
Upon the latter point I have no doubt what-
ever. If by our act we have destroyed the
value of the franchises belonging to the central
branch company, we should pay the bill; we
should not take it out of the Treasury of the
United States ; it is our act. I'wish the Senate
to attend to the fact that you are about to vote
a, fine on the nation of something like two mil-
lion dollars and take it out of the Treasury to
make amends for an injurious and oppressive
act of oar own.
Mr- President, I do not like to do that;
When I am found guilty of any conduct which
subjects me to a penalty I would prefer either
to put my hand in my pocket and pay it, if I
can find the means there, or to call on my
friends privately to help me out; but to im-
pose a penalty on an innocent people whom
we represent I do not believe is right. I do
not feel that we ought to vote this penalty upon
the people. But, sir, if the people are to be
held responsible for it, if our constituency and
not ourselves have got to make good these
damages, then what should be the damages
assessed upon the people ? What is the fran-
chise which is injured? The right to connect
with either the eastern division or the Omaha
branch ; but that right is open to them. They
were entitled to a subsidy for* one hundred
miles. That^ subsidy they have got, but they
say the road is valueless. Well, sir, admit that
to be so, what then is the injury that is inflicted
upon the company ? They certainly cannot be
injured beyond the amount of money they have
invested in the road. How much is that? I
heard it said here the other day that it was
$1,000,000 ; that they had invested $1,000,000
in the construction of that branch of one hun-
dred miles. I think it absolutely impossible
that any such amount of money can have been
invested by the stockholders ; but suppose it
has been, how much better is it for us to take
$1,000,000 out of the Treasury and pay it to
the company and thus own the road they have
| built, with all the stock they have on it, and
dispose of it as we see fit; how much better
is that, I. say, than to give them $2,000,000
more—for what purpose ? To extend this very
road to a connection with the Omaha branch.
To what end so far as the public interests are
concerned? Why, Mr. President, do you know
who owns that Omaha line ? Who owns the
equity of redemption I cannot say just now;
but I can remind the Senate of'this, that the
United States have a mortgage on it amount-
ing to $32,000 a mile. That is a pretty import-
ant interest in that road.
We are interested in the success of that road
as a mortgage, because unless it does succeed,
unless it earns money to pay its running ex-
penses and to pay its interest, we are losers to
this extent : we have invested $16,000 a mile,
and there is a mortgage ahead of ours to the
amount of $16,000 more a mile. What is
the effect of this road which they ask us to
allow thorn build to a junction with that road ?
It is to divide the business over that line for
the first two or three hundred miles. The
whole value of this road is to be subtracted
directly from the value of that Omaha brauchj
or the eastern division; because every pound
frs'ght and every passenger that go over
this new line, if you construct it, will, without
the new line, go over one or the other of those
roads on which we hold these heavy mortgages
to-day. Notv, looking to the interest of the
United States as the mortgagee of these two
existing lines, who can doubt that it is vastly
better for us that this Competing line should
