576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
then Clifton, on the Republican fork of the Kaw
river? No, sir; never. J)id any man ever sup-
pose that one hundred miles from St. Joseph,
even one hundred miles from Atchison—not
ruufting with the sinuosity which nature re-
quires of railroads, but in an air line—that one
hundred miles in the direction taken by these
claimants would touch a point in th« Repub-
lican fork where a union could be effected ?
No man ever supposed that who had passed
over the ground ; no man ever-supposed it who
had consulted a map. Do you suppose, Mr.
President, that when this permission thus to
extend one hundred miles was granted it had
entered into the mind of man to conceive such
an idea as I have stated 1 The geography
forbids it; the facts forbid it; the selection
of this charter to go toward Pike's Peak,
referred to in the treaty with the Kickapoo
, Indians, forbids it.
But, sir, we are not left to general conjec-
tures on this subject. I can show the Senate
that this right, with the violation of which we
are now charged, was obtained by the repre-
sentation not only that a hundred miles but
that fifty miles were to insure this connection.
I can show the Senate that not only was the
idea disclaimed of going on the route pursued
by these claimants, but that Topeka, falling
within fifty miles, was th,e point to which the
claimants or the assignors of the claimants
wished to go, and the point to which permis-
sion was intended to be granted by the act of
which so much has been said. Further, Man-
hattan—that point to be touched by running
down the Big Blue valley, where nature has
graded a natural road-bed for this track, re-
ferred to by the Senator from Wisconsin—
Manhattan, that point where now this connec-
tion ought to hare been made, was the furthest
westward suggested by anybody when Con-
gress was petitioned to give this privilege of
extension. Let we see whether I am right in
that. I have here the Globe giving the pro-
ceedings and debates upon it.
Mr. JU00LITTLE. What page do you read
from?
Mr. CONKLING. Page 2777 Congressional
Globe, part three, sacond session Thirty-Sev-
enth Congress, 1&S1-62:
"The Presiding Officer, The Secretary will now
road seriatim and in order the several amendments
which have been indicated for a separate vote.
"The Secretary read the first excerpted amend-
ment, which was in the third Hue of the thirteenth
section to insert the words ' via Atchison.'"
J ust those two words constituted the amend-
ment, and when those two words had been
inserted, as they were, the act came to read
and to speak as it does on the statute-book
to-day. Now observe what followed :
"Mr. Clark. The reason that influenced thecom-
mittee in ma-kin^ the amendment was that there is
alrckdy a railroad from St. Joseph to Atchison, which
can be used if a proper agreement can be made with
the company, and there will probably be no diffi-
culty about it; but it there cannot be an agreement
made with that company an independent.road can be
made from St. Joseph directly to the Kansas and
I'.iwiiee road, and X propose, after the amendments
of the committee shall have been gone through with,
to strike out the words ' one hundred'"—
Thar, is, before " miles"—
"and insert'fifty' in the sixth line of this section,
so that this road from St. Joseph shall be made to
strike the Pawneo and Leavenworth railroad much
earlier, and not run the bronoh out so far west, and
thus save the money of the Government. My object
is to take advantage of twenty miles of road which
have been built, find strike off fiity miles from that
which is to be built, and save expense to the Gov-
ern ment.
Senators will understand that if they have
the map in their minds. The Platte county
road, as it is called, existed at that time from
Atchison to St. Joseph. That is about twenty-
one miles long, is it not?
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. About twenty-one miles,
the Senator says. One hundred miles was the
greatest distance provided for. Mr. Olark
said his purpose was to move an amendment
making it fifty, implying that they might use
this twenty-one miles, which would make sev-
enty-one miles in all. Then what followed?
"Mr. jPostEROY. I trust the amendment will be
concurred in. TheremarksoftheSenatorfromNew
Hampshire are very just and very appropriate. The
Senator from Missouri lives at St. Joseph, and per-
haps, as a local matter to him personally, it might be
inconvenient not to have the road stop there; but
consulting the public interest, X think there can be
no question as to the proprioty of bringing the road
into the Iiaw valley by the nearest possible route. A
straight line from St. Joseph to Topeka, the capital
of our State, in the Kaw vail ey, passes directly through
Atchison. Xnstead of being a right angle, it does not
take a quarter of a section out of a straight line.
Perhaps I ought to say that I live at Atchison ; I do
not disguise that fact; but my friend from Missouri
lives at St. Joseph."
Further on in the debate Mr. Clark says:
"I apprehend that it does not make it too short,
but I want to 3trike the main branch at the earliest
practicable point, so that we shall not buildso much
length of branches. That is my desire about it; and
by going by the way of Atchison wo secure that point
so far, and then tney can run in the same direction
or incline a little further west, if necessary, by the
most practicable route, to strike the Pawnee and
Leavenworth road as soon as possible. TheGovern-
ment certainly has no interest in extending these
roads so far west to give away its money.
" Mr. pbmeroy. Fiftymiles will make the connec-
tion in the Kaw valley, building from Atchison to
the Kaw valley, but it will not from St. Joseph to
the Kaw valley. Building a road from where they
now run the ears fifty miles will reach the valley.
"Mr. Clabk. That is what I intend. Fiftymiles
frpm Atchison to the Pawnee road."
Let me read a little further to complete this
history:
"Mr. Lane, of Kansas. The theory of the bill is
to have the St. Joseph branch a hundred miles long,
to unite at Fort Riley or Manhattan."
That was the theory of the bill before this
amendment was offered—Port Riley or Man-
hattan.
"The Senator proposes to shorten it fifty miles, and
compel them to unite with the main branch at the
seat of government of Kansas, Topeka, Of course
that is best for our State, and X think it will be as
well for the project, and thereforelshallvoteforit."
Again :
" Mr. Lane, of Kansas. The practical result of the
Sfiiator's proposition will be to compel the St. Joseph
road to meet the other at the seat of government of
Kansas,"
That is, the practical operation of putting in
"via Atchison," which was the amendment
as the vote taken will show, was to compel
this road to seek the earliest practicable con-
nection, which was there conceded to be the
seat of government of Kansas, Topeka. Im-
mediately following that remark—
"The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 2-4, nays 15 "—
Both the Senators from Kansas voting for that
amendment.
Mr. President, nothing, I think, can be more
incontestable than that that amendment was
introduced to the end, as explained by the chair-
man of the committee, that the shortest distance
might suffice ; and no suggestion was made that
a junction was to be sought in any event fur-
ther west than Fort Riley or Manhattan. They
are places very near together.
Let me go a little further to show how this
was. I have in my hands a map—'' a sectional
map of Kansas, compiled from the United
States surveys by Robert L. Ream, 1866."
This road had then been projected, and this
legislation was upon the statute-books—had
been for years. According to the statement
of everybody here, even of those who believe
that money had been invested in such a way
that making a connection at Manhattan would
have occasioned a loss upon them after the
change from the Republican to the Smoky Hill,
even those who believe that and all others are
aware of the fact that in 1866 these claimants
had carried on their work to a considerable
exteut—precisely how far, I shall endeavor in
a moment to show. Therefore it was known
of all men, and it was in advertisements, where
this road was to go and what it was to do.
What is its route on this map ? I wish Sen-
ators would look at it. They will not find a
road running west; they will not find a road
running northwest; they will not find a road
heading for Denver, bnt they will find a road
running toward Pike's Peake, making a con-
nection with the eastern division road precisely
where it now lies on the ground awaiting and
inviting a connection. Here is the railroad
extending from Atchison, tlie southern ter-
minus of the Platte county road, right down
to Manhattan, where its hundred miles brought
it into a connection with the eastern division.
And up to that time, think you, Mr. President,
it ever had occurred to anybody that the road
was to be placed where it was subsequently
placed by these parties ?
I say, then, to complete my observations
upon this point, that it is not true that these
claimants or their assignors ever had or eyer
could have supposed they had a right to build
a road in the direction which they selected
and find at the end of a hundred miles a con-
nection with any other road.
If this be so, the very first and most substan-
tial part of progress toward a justification of
the bill must fail. They ha^d the right by this
legislation to make a connection with the east-
ern division.; they had a right to go one hun-
dred miles from St. Joseph to do it; and they had
a right to select any charter under which they
chose to operate. Selecting the charter they
did, had they operated under the charter and
laid down their rails where the law and the
understanding implied, there they would have
found a connection, and there is the connec-
tion to-day, as I think I shall be able to show
the Senate, much more valuable than the one
for which the bill provides. The Senator from
Wisconsin talked about presumptions. I will
beg his attention presently to some facts which
will show that we are not left to presumptions
or surmises in order to ascertain whether a
connection with the eastern division, where it
is now, would or would not be more desirable
than a connection upon an impracticable route
up the Republican fork of the Kaw river.
Let me, Mr. President, as I wish to be brief
upon this subject, come to the next point in
the argument. Did the claimants—and I would
crave, if I might, the attention of the honorable
Senator from Maine especially to this point—
did the claimants build their road where it is,
relying upon the eastern division to traverse
the Republican valley ? Did they even build
west of the point of connection, as represented
to Congress, so as to make it inconvenient to
go there before they knew that the Republican
valley route was abandoned as impracticable?
Let us look at that for a moment. .
The act of July 1, 1862, gave the'eastern
division company three years within which to
file their map. They might file a map, and
then another map perfecting and changing it,
as all companies do. For three years the abse-
lute right existed in the Leavenworth, Pawnee,
and Western road, as it was then called, thus
to file and refile maps and surveys. But, sir,
in the mean time, as we all too well remem-
ber, flagrant war broke out and paralyzed all
railway construction and railway surveys. An
interval occurred during which it was impos-
sible to press forward the work. Nothing was
done, in substance, before the war. About
thirty miles only of the four hundred miles
now existing were built anterior to the war,
aud, in truth, nothing of substance was or
could be done upon this route until the down-
fall of the rebellion.
On the 21st of February, 1866, as I have the
proof here to show, Mr. John D. Perry, the
president of the eastern division railway, ad-
dressed to the honorable Senator from Iowa,
[Mr. Harlam,] then Secretary of the Interior,
a note stating the comparative results of the
surveys made by the company up the Smoky
Hill fork to Denver and up the Republican
fork, which showed the former, on account of
timber for construction and coal for fuel, and
a saving of one hundred aud thirty-four miles
to Denver, to be the superior route, and stat-
ing that the board of directors had accord-
ingly adopted it, and ordered a map to be filed
showing that as the general route of the com-
pany's road, claiming the right to do so under
the ninth section of the act of 1861. I beg
the attention of honorable Senators to that
date. That was the 21st of February, 1886.
But in the mean time the three years during
all of which they had the indisputed right thus
to change their route, according to the view of
th« Attorney General, had elapsed, because he
