1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
577
hel<! that the time ran inexorably, war or no !
war, and therefore, although their right had j
existed, and although they had been deprived !
of that right by the existence of war, still j
time inarched on, and therefore they had been I
caught simply upon the point of time. _ !
Mr. President, bear in mind this was
Now,
February 21, 1866, and at that time 1 affirm it
was perfectly well known to these claimants aud
matter of record in Congress that no road was
to be built up the Republican fork, but that the
eastern division was to traverse the Smoky Hill
valley of the Kaw river. Let me see whether
lam right in that. I think I do not exagger-
ate the materiality of the point. If it bo true
that at the commencement of the year 18GC, and
at a period anterior to the investment of these
alleged moneys, the claimants perfectly well
understood not only that they had no license
to lay a road where they did, but that if the}'
should lay their road there and continue it to
the Republican fork they would find no rail-
way there to meet them,then I think that equity
must be enlarged even beyond the scope of the
declamation to which we have been treated.
1 read from the debates of the Senate on the
21st of March, I860 :
"Mr. Pomeroy. I move to postpone all prior
orders and take up tho bill (S. No. 143) for a grant
of lands to the State of Kansas to aid in tho con-
struction. of the Northern Kansas railroad and tole-
K "Ihe motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in
Committee ol tho Whole, proceeded to consider tho
bill. The route of the proposed railroad is irom
Elwood, on the Misuari river, in Kansas, opposite
St. Joseph, in Mit-souii, west thiough Maiy^viile to
a junction wirh the Pacific railroad, pastern division,
on the Republican river, m Kansas."
fcYY-i-t-5---*15**
44 Mi. Browx. I move to amend tho billin section
one. line eight, hy inserting alter the words 4 Repub-
lican river' the words 4 or at some point oast ot the
hundredth meridian;'so that it will read:
41' That there be, and hereby is, granted to the btate
of Kansas, lor tiic putpose ot' aiding in theconstrue-
tion of the Northern Kansas laiiroad, to wit: Irom
Elvvood, on the J\Xi>60ui l river, in Kansas, and opposito
the city ot St, Jo-soph, in tho State of Missouri, west
through Marv&ville, to a junction with tho Pacihe
railroad, eastern division, on tho Republican liver
or at some point east of the hundredth meudian, in
Kansas, every alternate section,' &c.
"Mr. L\ne, of Kansas. 1 hope the Senator from
Missouri will not insist upon that amendment. It
the Union Pacific railroad runs up tho Smoky liiil
route they cannot form a junction cast ot tho hun-
dredth meridian. . .
44 Mr. Brown. They can form a junction with the
other branch by striking out tho words eastern di-
vision.' All I desire is to give them a connection in
anv event.   • j.i i.
"Mr. Lank, of Kansas. Tho probability is that
the two roads will be separated—that the northern
branch will run on the north side of tho 1 iatte, and
the eastern division branch will run up the Smoky
Hill. In that ease they will be permitted to connect
at*;Lflr.*^Pomeroy. If the Senator from Missouri will
strike out the words * eastern division,' he will ac-
complish all that he desires.
"Air. Browx. 1 propose to strike out thosewoiu>.
44 Mr. Lanx, of Kansas. Why limit them n-t a.ll?
Why not permit them either to connect with the
Union Pacific or with the Northern Pacific at any
P "Mr. Browx. That will suit just as well; and if
the Senator will diaw up an amendment in that
shapelshall have no objection to it. .
44 Mr. Pomeroy, Tho only difiicultv about tiiatis
that tho Burlington and Missouri River Railroad
Company have got the grant south oi tho road lend-
ing trom Omaha. I have no objection to the amend-
ment but 1 am satisfied they cannot do that.
•'Mr. Lane, of Kansas. The Senator fiom Mis-
souri will accomplish his object by striking out the
woids 4 eastern division on tho Republican river;
so that it will lead; „
4 4 4 To a junction with the Pacific railroad in Kan-
sa<= everv alternate section of land,' &c.
44 Mr. Brown. Very well; I accept that.
"The President pro tempore. The question is on
the amendment as modified.
"The amendment was agreed to,
" The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendments were concurred m.
"The bill was ordered to be engrossed tor a third
reading, read the third time, and passed."
Because the eastern division was to run up
the Stnokv Hill, and because the fact was
accepted hy the Senate, an amendment was
adopted striking out a connection with thy
eastern division in the valley of the Repub-
lican fork, and it was put simply that they
illicit run westward ot that valley.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the honorable Sena-
tor from New York allow me to call his attention
to one fadt?
40th Cow. 3d Sens.—No. 37,
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly. ;
Mr. HOWARD. That debate, as I under- J
stand, took place on the 21st of March, iSGti, j
On the 4th of March, 1800, this central branch j
company had filed its map with the Secietary j
of the Interior as it now exists; and in June, ;
1805, the eastern division  jj
Mr. CONKLING. I dislike to interrupt j!
the Senator, but I beg him to consider that ji
afterward. I am coining to those precise ||
points, and unless he wishes to set me right
oil some matter ot' fact, I crave of the Senaior
the privilege of finishing my remarks, it he
will do me the favor to allow mo to do so.
Mr. HOWaUD. I wish to set the Senator
right with respect to the filing of the map ol
the eastern division.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 have not alluded to
any such thing. Without being discourteous,
I beg the Senator to allow me to proceed, unless
I fall into some error of fact. I have made no
reference to that subject, and therefore I can-
not have misstated the fact. 1 have made no
reference whatever to the time when that map
was filed. The point, from which I am sure
the honorable Senator does not wish to divert
me or the Senate, is this: that at thistime, on
the 21st of March, 1SGC, such proceedings took
place in the Senate that Mr. Lane, ot Kansas,
said this:
"The Senator from Mis^ouii will accomplish hi1}
object by strikiiiK out the words ' eastern division oil
tho Republican liver,' ko that, it will re.ul; to a
junction with the Pacific railroad in Kaiibas, every
alternate section ot land,''' Arc.
I am calling attention to the fact not only
that these claimants knew that no connection
was to be gained by going up the Republican
valley, but that so thoroughly was that fact es-
tablished that Congress based legislation upon
it, instituted special alterations 111 the bill then
pending, as reported hy the committee, in order
that those might be too late who come now to
sav that the central branch, or anybody else,
believed at that time that a connection was lo
be gained by traversing the Republican valley.
Now, Mr. President, at this time had the
central branch of the Pacilic railroad or its
stockholders, invested large sums of money?
At this time had the railroad been built from
Atchison to Irving, where it lies now? At this
time had the railroad been built or graded liom
Atchison to a point from which it would have
been inconvenient or uneconomical to ptoeeed
to Topeka or to Manhattan? That is the point
to which the whole course of equity uiut,tgo at
this juncture of the discussion. Let us see;
this was March, 1800. 1 have a letter irom ;
the Secretary of the Treasury addressed lo me ;
on the 22d June, 18CS. in answer to a letier
of inquiry :
SlK: In reply to your inquiiie^ I hnvo ihe honor
to state that the first section of twenty miles ot ;
tho Atchison and 1'ikc's Peak railroad (now I mon •
Pacilic ilailroad Company, Central hr/mchl was
accepted bv the President ot the United feral''.- J ulv
12, I860,and bonds of th  United States to the amount ■
ot gSJU.WX) were is-ued on said M-ctiun by this IK pay-
ment on the 27th of J uly, im, bearing da.tc .) u.y )!>.
Yours, respectfully, U- MeCULLOOSf.
Mr. President, we all know the hot-foot with
which all these owners of subsidies make haste
to bring to a technical and formal completion
each section of their road, to the end that they
may acquire at once the bonds which follow
its completion, and we shall therefore under-
stand how much uf diligence there was in this
case, and how neatly it fixes the elate. We
have, then, the fact that on the 12th day of
July, lSGoj twenty miles had been finished, t
have no doubt that additional mites had betii
graded ; and I had in my possession at the end
of the last session, in a bundle of papers, the
evidence precisely how far it was graded, but
I have searched for it in vain. But let ut- con-
cede, for the sake ot the argument, that when
twenty miles had been completed twenty more
miles had been graded and were all ready to
be ironed. It was not so ; but let us suppose
it was. Did that reach any point which made
Topeka inconvenient? I ask Senators to look
at the map. More emphatically, did it reach
a point which made Manhattan a deviation
from the route which they were pursuing?
No, sir ; not at all. On the contrary, twenty
miles and forty miles were in the direction, as
the whole road, lying as it does now, is suffi-
ciently in the direction, of a connection at
Manhattan. How can it be true, then, even
in the estimation of those who believe that this
was a losing business, or a costly business, that
any stockholder invested money in the central
branch upon tho faith of a connection in the
valley of the Republican fork? It cannot be
so, even if you admit that they had a right to
select the route they did, which they had not.
Hut let me ask the attention of the Senate to
the next point for a moment. Is it true that
Congress, after the claimants' rights vested,
ever caused or permitted a change of route of
the eastern division before it reached a point
at which a union would have occurred with the
road the claimants were authorized to build ?
What did Congress do? The war had para-
lyzed railroad operations in thatregionof coun-
try, had arrested surveys, and for upvvaid of
two years tho eastern division had been lying
on its oars. The rebellion was prostrated and
work was resumed. Comparative surveys be-
gan, and 011 Ihe 21st of February, I860, tho
president of the road addressed to the Interior
Department a letter saying that the surveys
which they had thus been able to complete de-
monstrated that the Republican valley route
was one hundred and thirty-four miles longer
than the Smoky Hill route, demonstrated that
it was deficient in fuel, deficient in timber for
construction, and that the other route was the
best. Congress extended the time until the
next December within which the eastern divi-
sion company might do precisely what all the
time it had for three years the right to do, of
which right it had been practically deprived by
the interruption of the war. 'That was all, sir;
and that act was passed 011 the 3d day of J uly,
1800, nine days before the claimants' first
twenty miles were completed.
Mr. President, let me pause here only for a
moment, to ask the Senate to consider the true
nature of this legislative act which has been
spoken of as one changing the route of the
eastern division, giving that company a right to
go on a new route, and described otherwise as
influential upon this question. What was it?
Lor three years they had the absolute ri^ht to
compleie and perfect their surveys and their
maps, and dining all those tluveyears no human
being luul a right to estop them or Congress by
predicating any act upon any hypothesis as to
what they would do. When they came with
such diligence as they could use after the war
was over lo present their perfect surveys, the
Attorney General, in an opinion winch f have
here, said 110, this is only the right which the
law gives them; but they are cut off by^the
statute of limitations, if 1 may so say. That
was not his language, but the substance o[ it.
In other words, he said the three years begun on
Ihe passage of the oiiginal act. on the 1st of
July, 1 >2, and it theiefore e.\piied on the 1st
of >1 uly, 1W>, and now some months had inter-
vened, and technically they were cut off. What
did Congress do ? Simply released thetn from
the statute of limitations.
1 should like to ask the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts nearest to me, [Mr. \Y il-
sox,] for i have heard him observe upon this,
(although the question whether it was wise or
not is of no materiality here,) whether it was
, exceptional legislation to relieve from the stat-
, ute of limitations a party who by the war had
j been hindered and prevented from a diligent
| pursuit of his rights? Did we not pass laws
I abrogating (he statute of limitations for other
parties, and were they more meritorious than
i these? Will that honorable Senator say that
d it would have been wise for us to coerce the
I easlei n division to build a road one hundred
p and thirty-foul miles in addition to the neees-
; sarv length by a route which their survey
1 showed was deficient in timber for construc-
! lion and fuel for use; and that, forsooth, be-
.! cau.st; the king seissois oi the rebellion nau
ii reached and clipped thea- movements?
