1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
,581
Louisa Holtzman, his wife, of Indiana, and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
of Claims.
J. C. M'QUISTON AND J. D. SKEEN.
Mr. HUNTER also introduced a bill (H. R.
"No. 1779) for the relief of John C. McQuiston
and Jeremiah D. Skeen, of Indiana, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
CHARLES RICHARDS.
Mr. COBURN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1780) for the relief of Charles Richards; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
NATIONAL CBMETEMES.
Mr. CULLOM introduced a joint resolution
(II. 11. No. 410J in relation to printing (he col-
lection oftheproceedingsatthesoldiers' graves
in May lu&t; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
WILLIAM II. II. ALDEN.
Mr. COOK introduced a bill (tl. Ii. No.
1781) to increase the pension of William Ii. H.
Alden ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
SCHOONER CARASSO MARINO.
Mr. BURR introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1782) to authorize the registry of the schooner
Carasso Marino; which was read a first and
second time, and referred, with the accompany-
ing papers, to the Committee on Commerce.
.1OIIN GOTIIARD.
Mr. GRAVELY introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 1783) for the relief of John Got.hard,
guardian of minor child of John A. Gothard,
late of company D, eighth Missouri State cav-
alry ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
PACIflC RAILROADS.
Mr. GRAVELY also introduced a bill (II.
R. No. 1784) to amend an act entitled "An
act granting land to aid in the construction of
a railroad and telegraph line from the States
of Missouri and Arkansas to the Pacific ocean,"
approved July 27, 1806, and to facilitate the
early construction of the Atlantic and Pacific
railroad, the Texas Pacific railroad, theUnion
Pacific railway, eastern division, the Southern
Continental railroad, and Southern Pacific rail-
road, (of California;) which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROOTS introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1785) to perfect and complete railroad and
telegraph communication with the Pacific
ocean ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, and ordered to be printed.
PENSIONS.
Mr. FERRY introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1786) to restore pensions to soldiers employed
in the civil service and withheld prior to June,
1866 ; which was read a first and second time,
md referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
ABIGAIL REYNOLDS.
Mr. UPSON introduced a bill (H. R. No".
1787) increasing the pension of Abigail Rey-
nolds, widow of Benoni Reynolds, a soldier of
the revolutionary war; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions and of the War of
1812.
BARKS MARY JANE AND CAMBRIA.
Mr. DRIGGS introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 420) authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to issue American registers to the
bark Mary jane and the bark Cambria ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
COURTS IN DISTRICT Of COLUMBIA.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1788) to amend an act to reor- \
gauize the courts of the District of Columbia, !
and for other purposes, approved March 3,
1863 ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
IOWA AND KANSAS RAILROAD.
Mr. PRICE introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1780) to authorize the construction of a rail-
road from Davenport, in the State of Iowa, to
Topeka, in the State of Kansas; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals, and ordered
to be printed.
WAR DEPARTMENT INDIAN BUREAU.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, presented a con-
current resolution of the Legislature of the
State of Kansas, memorializing Congress in
favor of the transfer of the control of Indian
affairs from the Department of the Interior to
the War Department; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
SCHOOL LVNDS IN ALABAMA.
Mr. TAFFE introduced a joint resolution ;
(II. R. No. 421) explanatory of an act to au-
thorize the selection of school districts in lieu
of the sixteenth section within tiie twelve miles
square reservation, in the State of Alabama;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
IOWA AND NEBRASKA It A II,1!0 \ l>.
Mr. TAFFE also introduced a bill (II. II.
No. 1790) granting land to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from Sioux City, Iowa,
to Columbus, Nebraska; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
COUIMI1H RIVER RAILROAD.
Mr. FLANDERS introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 1701) authorizing the counties of Walla-
Walla, Klickitat, Skamania, and Clarke, of tile
Territory of Washington, to aid in the construc-
tion of the Columbia River railroad ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Territories, and ordered
to be printed.
INDIAN DEPREDATIONS.
Mr. C1IILCOTT presented a joint, resolution
(II. R. No. 422) relative to depredations com-
mitted by the Sioux, Cheyenne, Arapaho and
Kiowa Indians on the western frontier settle-
ments ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Commiitee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
POST ROADS IN IDAHO.
Mr. HOLBROOK introduced a bill (11. II.
No. 1792) establishing post roads in the Ter-
ritory of Idaho; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
ALABAMA CLAIMS TREATY.
Mr. ROBINSON introduced a joint, resolu-
tion (II. R. No. 42J) protesting against the
ratification of the treaty for the settlement of
the Alabama claims; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
oil Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
PROTECTION OF LOYAL MEN IN TIIE SOUTH.
Mr. CORLEY introduced a joint resolution
(II. R. No. 424) for the better protection of
loyal men at the South ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Reconstruction.
JAMES M. MARTIN.
Mr. CORLEY also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1793) to remove the political disabilities
of James M. Martin, a citizen of South Caro-
lina; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion.
SOUTHERN EXPRESS COMPANY.
Mr. PRINCE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1704) to incorporate the Southern Express
Company; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
GOVERNMENT OF TIIE INDIANS.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts, introduced a
bill (II. R. No. 1795) to create a department
of Indian affairs, and to provide for the con-
solidation, civilization, and government of the
Indian tribes; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, ordered to be printed, and, with the
accompanying memorial, referred to the Com-
mittee on ludian Affairs.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker,
the memorial which 1 have presented in con-
nection with the bill just referred is from the
representatives of seven yearly meetings of tho
religious society of Friends in fifteen States—
Maine, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, ^Ver-
mont, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York,
! Michigan, Maryland, Viiginia, Ohio, Indiana,
| Illinois, Iowa, and Kansas. This document
1 piescnts in a clear atid brief manner the con-
dition of Indian affairs in this country, and
will, I think, be interesting to all tho members
of the House. 1 desire, therefore, that the
111011101 ial be ordered to be printed in the Globe.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
The memorial is as follows :
To the SauUetnd House of 10-prcscntativc^ in Congress
assembled:
Tho memorial of tho undersigned, representatives
of seven yearly meetings of tho religious society of
1 Friends ill tho States of Maino, Now Hampshire,
I Massachusetts Vermont, llhodo Island, Connecticut,
' New i'nik, Michigan, Maryland, Virginia, Ohio,
! Indiana, Illinois, Iowa, and Kansas,respectfully rep-
"I'iiat we have mot in the city of Baltimore unitedly
, to consider our Christian duly in reference to tho
i pro-cut condition of tbo Indians of our country.
While thus engaged, having before us tho report
of tho joint special committee of Congress upon tho
"eomh.ion of tho Indian uibes," punted January
! 21), ISiVT, and that of tho "Indian peace commission,
Januaiy 11, ISM," and subsequent reports of tho
civil and military proceedings in lefeionce to tho
Indians, wo havo realized tho deep iesponsibility
which rests upon all member:, of a community pro-
fessing to bo Uhiistiaus in their dealings and inter-
course with tho feeble remnants ol tho aboriginal
inhabitants of this land. _
In contemplating tho disgraceful fact? rovealed m
those reports and tho udinr.sioii of our own witnesses
that our wars with tlielndi ms, which iiave beeo_ al-
most constant, havebeen uniformly caused by injus-
tice on the partof our white citizens andot Govern-
ment officials.' wo aro reminded of tho fact that tho
t lenty nl the Indians with W ii liani l'oim was faithfully
kept during tho seventy years in winch flic govern-
ment ot Pennsylvania was ydministoied upon tho
principles of its founder; and history tells us that
"whiletho surroundingcolomesnero ever and anon
at war with tho Indians, and tho sealping-knifo and
tomahawk brought death and terror to many a
hearth, the Pennsylvania!!* and nil their possessions
remained uninjured." "The Indians remembered
the treaty with tho sons of Onus (Perm) and kept it
inviolate."
Is there any reason to suppose that tho Indians of
tho picsent day are, less dispo-ed to be faithful to
their engagements than were their ancestors? Tho
testimony of Colonel Bent, contiimed by other wit-
nesses, before tho joint committee above referred to,
states, a fter thirty-six years' expei icnco in the vicinity
of the Indians against whom tho United States Army
is now engaged in hostile operations, that nearly
every instauoo of difficulties between tho Indians
and the whites during his re-idonco there were from
aggressions on tho Indians by the whites. And after
giving an intercstingdetaif of the causes v/nich have
directly or indirectly led to the present deplorable
stato of affairs, this experienced witness closed his
testimony with these remarkable words: "If the
matter wero lett to me I would guaranty with my
lifo that in three months I couid havo ail the Indians
along the Arkansas at peace without tho expenso of
war." .
I3ut we do not desito to dwell upon the sickening
history of the past except to guard against itsrepeti-
tion in tho future. While the white men whose
brutal murders have brought upon many mnoeent
settlors tbe vengeance of an outraged savage foestltl
go unpunished, and with blood upon their hands
demand the extermination of the Indians, many of
the tribes, both innocent and guilty of retaliation,
have beon destroyed by the sword, and their sur-
vivors have been reduced to subjection and have
submitted themselves to tho sense of justico m tno
white man's breast.
But it is said that our wars with them havo been
almost constant, llavo we been uniformly unjust i
V/e answer unhesitatingly, yes." See iface Com-
missioners' Hcport, signed by Taylor, Henderson,
Sherman, Harney, .Sanborn, Teny, iappun, and
Augur, January 7,
