m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
Even if we have given away thirty-nine million
acres of land, and have thereby built up this
vast empire, which is paying into the Ireasury
$70,000,000 per annum, is it not a good specula-
tion? The average percentage of increase in
the country from 1850 to 1880 was one hundred
and twenty-six ; the decimal ratio of increase
in wealth in the laud-grant States I have named
four hundred and twenty-seven, or nearly three
times as great ,as the increase in the other
States. The lands granted to railroads would
have been almost worthless if it had not been
for this gystem of internal improvements. I
claim, then, that in so far as we have tested the
system it has proved most profitable.
Now, one word further. Of the one hundred
and eighty-five million acres thus heralded to the
country as having been given to railroads thirty-
five millions or more were given to the Union
Pacific, making ninety-two millions as the sum
total that has been withdrawn from settlement.
There are now of the one hundred and eighty-
five million acres thus nominally granted ninety-
three million acres open to setttement to-day
just the same as it has ever been. The whole
amount of lands granted to Pacific railroads
would make a strip across the continent of
only from eighty to one hundred miles in width,
including sage plains and deserts. Our vast
public domain stretches sixteen or seventeen
hundred miles north ana south. So that if we
estimate this whole amount as having been
given away as stated, it will be but one acre
out of seventeen of these vast plains in the
West—one sixteenth instead of one third, as
stated by the gentleman from Illinois. And
if by giving away one acre in sixteen we can
secure the settlement and improvement of that
great country, I ask how the nation can make
a better investment?
I presume my time has about expired, and I
will merely add that so far as this question of
economy is concerned I will go with him who
goes furthest in all measures of true economy ;
but I do not believe the time has come when
this nation should close business and appoint
an executor. I believe that we may increase
in prosperity and wealth in the future as we
have done in the past; but if the theories and
policy of thegentlemanfrom Illinois be adopted
we may as well hang crape on our doors and
advertise to the world that our executors have
been appointed and that the business of the
great liepablic is to be closed out.
Mr. SCHBNCK. I yield for a moment to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Kei.sey. ]
Mr. KELSEY. I ask leave to print in
the Globe some remarks upon a bill which
I introtroduced this morning in relation to
fundingand paying the interest on the national
debt-
There was no objection, and the leave was
granted. [See Appendix.]
Mr. SCHKNCil. I do not care whether the
few remarks I propose to make are printed or
not. I make them for the purpose of defining
my position, as the phrase is among politicians,
upon the subject which is now before the
House. In submitting a few remarks upon the
bill with the amendments before us I shall
no interest, no prejudice, no feeling to be
stimulated^ into any excessive action by the
consideration of this matter; least of all'shall
I attempt to scold anybody here for differing
from me in opinion in regard to the aid to be
extended to public railroads. I regard the bill
before us as one that does not call for that
wide debate which has been entered into in
regard to it. It is not a proposition to build a
road to the Pacific. Such propositions we shall
probably have hereafter in addition to that
which already has the sanction of the Govern-
ment, and when they come, undeterred by any
popular clamor, if I can find the bills which
provide for such improvements guarded and
hedged around to my satisfaction with those
provisions which will prevent an abuse of the
privilege I intend and expect, if I am here, to
vote for them.
I hold that connection with the Pacific by
some railroad system is an absolute essential
to this country. I believe that if the Union
and Central Pacific roads had not been com-
menced and completed to the extent to .which
they have now gone, with a prospect of speedy
accomplishment in the near future, we should
not be holding the Pacific States at this time
as a part of this Union. I believe that t.hejay-
ing of these great iron clamps across the conti-
nent to hold the two coasts together is a neces-
sity ; that we cannot expect to keep the union
of these States which shall bind together the
eastern and western sides of the continent if it
is to be upon the condition of the citizens of
one part reaching the other for all time by
passing through a foreign country; and I be-
lieve this to be the conviction of the people
generally, and the conviction of the party to
which, in politics, I belong.
What, then,-is it that we have before us to-
day ? The Union Pacific road together with
the Central Pacific road, making a chain of
communication across the continent, are speed-
ily approaching completion. It is now pro-
posed, taking up what has been done in refer-
ence to another public improvement, to provide
for a little link of fifty-four miles, upon the
same terms and in the same way, with a view
of making it, as it were, a branch of the Union
Pacific road, and at the same time affording a
good start for the Southern Pacific road across
the continent. Now, I am in favor of this little
bill for these reasons: I want it as a branch to
the Union Pacific road, and I want it as a start
for the Southern Pacific road.
My friend from Illinois [Mr. Logan] has
introduced a substitute for this bill, which sets
forth a scheme for the construction hereafter
of these railroads. As carefully as I could, in
the short time allowed me, I have read and
thought upon this substitute as an amendment
to the pending bill. And although I am not
ready to vote for it and set aside what we have
done or proposed to do in regard to the matter
now before the House, still I find in the plan
of the gentleman a'chalking out, an outline at
least, of what I conceive will be in the future
an improvement upon all these schemes. And
although I will not vote foF his bill now as a
substitute for the one before us, I think I may
safely pledge him in advance that when we
come to build the Southern Pacific railroad
and the Northern Pacific railroad he and I
will be found together endeavoring to adopt
such guards and to hedge around every such
charter and every such act of legislation in
such a way that there will not be such abuses
committed as have been complained of in
reference to the Union Pacific railroad.
I am not standing here to defend the Union
Pacific railroad. I know as well as the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] and as well as
other gentlemen, how very apt, in the legisla-
tion of Congress, or of any other body, men
are to enter into schemes of public improve-
ment with a view to their own advantage, and
how very apt they are to push that advantage
to the utmost possible extent of profit to them-
selves. In one sense this is right and we
must submit to it; for we cannot propose to
endeavor not to become at all excited. I have^j-any company or class of men, with any expect-
ation that they will accept the privileges we
offer them, that they shall out of pure be-
nevolence and patriotism undertake any great
public work. I believe, however, that there
has been too much money made out of this
railroad building under acts of Congress. I
believe that this popular clamor against the
Union Pacific Railroad Company does not rest
fairly upon any aversion on the part of the
people to the execution of the work. It rests
upon and grows out of supposed abuses, per-
haps upon abuses actually existing, on the part
of those who have been carrying out these
schemes of the General Government.
1 said I was not actuated by prejudice, by
the general outcry against these things; nor
will I be influenced by anything of that sort.
But I am afraid the gentleman from Illinois
who addressed the House a few days ago [Mr.
Washbukxe] yielded a little to that feeling.
When he gave us one of his customary lectures
on extravagance, in which he is in the habit of
assuming everybody but himself to be in the
wrong, I am afraid he gave way to his imagin-
ation a little instead of confining himself
strictly to the facts. So far as I could collect
the statistics for the purpose, I have looked into
some of the declarations made by the gentle-
man which were intended to prejudice the
minds of members and to secure their votes
against the bill now before us. The gentleman
from Minnesota [Mr. Windom] has already
alluded to one of his statements. ' The gentle-
man from Illinois told us that one third of all
the public lands had already been given to
these railroads. The gentleman from Minne-
sota showed from the record that one tenth is
the utmost amount that has yet been given for
that purpose.
Again, the gentleman from Illinois said, if I
understand him aright, that there had been
presented to this very road seven million six
hundred ar,d eighty thousand acres of land. I
find upon investigation thai perhaps three mil-
lion three hundred thousand acres, a little less
than one half the amount he named, will cover
the whole subsidy in lands. The gentleman
also said that in round numbers the sum of
$25,000,000 had been given for the purpose
of building these railroads. I find by an esti-
mate of these lauds, founded upon the best
data I have been able to obtain from the Land
Office and from other sources, than about four
million two hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars would cover all, being less than one fifth
of the amount stated by the gentleman in that
flight of imagination to which he treated us.
1 mention these things for the purpose of
calling the attention of the House to the con-
dition of this debate, and to justify the course
which 1 take, because it is not grounded upon
this general outcry and these large imaginative
calculations of what has been appropriated to
these purposes, but is founded upon the facts
of the case as nearly as I can ascertain them.
Now, sir, why should we not pursue the
policy which I have indicated? I hold that in
governmental matters the best way ordinarily
to get along is to do just as a sagacious indi-
vidual would do in the management of his own
affairs. Suppose I have lands lying out upon
one of the prairies, remote from settlement,
and I divide the tract into town lots or a num-
ber of small farms, how do I get those lands
taken up? I offer to give to any mechanic
who will go and settle there, to any one who
will establish a small store or a church or a
school, some of these lands free of charge,
the occupation and the improvements thus
made enchancing the value of the remainder
of the tract. And when I sell my lands I
sell them at first at a very low rate, expecting
that the settlement of a portion will further
enhance the value of the remainder of my
possessions. Upon a similar ground I justify
these appropriations of public lands and this
pecuniary aid given by the Government to
assist in opening up and developing the remote
regions of the West by making highways of
trade and travel through them.
This is the principle which actuated this
House many years ago, during my earlier term
of service here, when wo granted, for the pur-
pose of building the Illinois Central railroad,
a very large portion of the public domain. It
is very possible that we did not hedge around
that measure with sufficient precautions to pre-
vent a great monopolizing company from mak-
ing a vast amount of money. Yet, though a
great corporation may have feathered its nest-
out of that grant of public lands, I for one do not
now regret that it was made, because the effect
of it was to open tip that which is to become
probably before many years the second State
of the Union, the great State of Illinois, and*
to give it an impetus which will set it forward
in the way of development and progress per-
haps a century. And it lies least of all in the
mouth of any of the citizens of Illinois to
object to appropriations of this kind when their
own State is one of the most extraordinary
