1869.
THE CON"G-RESSIOSFAL GLOBE.
58$
monuments of the wisdom of a policy of this
kind pursued by the General Government.
But 1 will not multiply instances of this sort;
they are familiar to every gentleman. I hold
that it is a wise policy to open up our western
possessions by liberal grauts in order to induce
settlement, progress, improvement, from all
of which we shall have returns a thousand fold
in the shape of increased resources, the Gov-
ernment deriving directly in the form of tax-
ation more than all it appropriates in thus
developing the country.
I have already alluded to the necessity, so
far as these Pacilic railways are concerned, of
improvements of this kind for political objects,
in order that the East and the West may be
kept together. Now, I have indicated a pur-
pose to vote hereafter for extending the aid of
the Government to probably two other Pacific
railroads. There is a reason for this to be
found in the very feet that we have established
one such railroad. In the first place it will
be neither convenient nor wise for the people
of the Atlantic coast and the people of the
Pacific to be bound together by but a single
line of travel. Here in the city of Washington
we have been too long hung to the rest of the
United States by but a single thread of rail-
road from Baltimore to this point. This ex-
hibits upon a small scale the uncertainty, the
inconvenience, the danger which we should
experience upon a large scale from having but
a single line of railway connecting the East
with the Pacific coast. And when gentlemen
are afraid of monopolies let them take care
that they do not establish the greatest of all
monopolies by building up one of these roads
and refusing aid to any other.
It is in order that we may be connected by
a sufficient number of these iron clamps to bind
us together across the continent, and in order
that one may not obtain too great an influence
on the councils of the nation and in the admin-
istration of the Government, that X would give
rivals to them. I believe it to be needed on
both accounts, both for the purposes of the
people of the United States and their conve-
nience and to prevent that very monopoly which
gentlemen are so afraid of. But, as 1 said
before, I sustain this bill here to make this
connecting link of fifty-four miles upon the old
system, with full readiness to declare, when we
come to those larger roads extending across
the continent, that guards like those which the
gentleman from Illinois has proposed, or we
may hereafter devise, ought to be resorted to,
and made as clear, as plain, and as secure as
possible.
My friend from Illinois, [Mr. Logas,] who
last addressed the House, informed us that we
are going against the wishes ol the people. I
do not believe it. I do not believe the people
are opposed to these great works of public
improvement, but look at them as truly as any
gentleman here can, and as understanding^ ;
and I do not wish to depreciate their intelligence
on that point. But I believe they are opposed
to and are watching with jealous anxiety the
abuses likely to spring from going forward with
these roads without the guards I have indicated.
But I do not mean to yield to a popular clamor
which strikes at the whole system and the whole
policy because that svstemand that policy have
been abused. On the other hand I am not
influenced by the intimation of the gentleman
who has just closed his speech that we are go-
ing to do something not agreeable to the wishes
of the President-elect. In the first place, T
take issue with him on the fact. I believe 1
happen to know from the most authentic sources
of information that while General Grant is op-
posed generally to the large and loose subsidies
which have been made, and especially in the
present embarrassed condition of the country,
.he has thought it very hard that this little road,
ill the light in which I have been presenting it,
should not have this chance with the rest, as a
branch of the Union Pacific and as needed for
military purposes, and as, perhaps, affording a
starting point for another road extending to the
Pacific through Lower California. But if it were
true that it was against the wish and opinion of
the President-elect I must admit I shall vote
according to my own judgment and sense of
duty to the country undeterred by any intima-
tion of that character. I shall be sorry to
differ from any one so respectable as General
Grant, but it is my vote and not his to be given
here to-day and on all future occasions when I
vote; aud 1 think I shall be respected, and every
gentleman, more for giving a vote of that kind
independently and according to the dictates of
my judgment by General Grant himself, the
President-elect, than if I were to seek to find
out first what he wants and then record my
vote accordingly.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will yield to me right lieie, as he seems
evidently to have misunderstood what I said.
I did not say that General Grant had expressed
any opinion about this road. 1 have never in
my life talked with him oil the subject. But,
sir, I said this: that this company was asking
this House to vote against the opinion of their
constituents, against the platform upon whflfch
they were nominated, and against the under-
stood and expressed views of the President-
elect. The gentleman knows that is what I
said. 1 do not use General Grant's name
here as a scarecrow. 1 only made the remark
which I have stated.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not suppose that any
one is more independent than my friend from
Illinois on most of these matters; but I did
understand it was thrown out as a reason why
we should not vote for this bill, or a bill of
this kind, that it was contrary to the expressed
wish of the President-elect.
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir; but I was referring
to the modesty of this corporation in asking us
to do it..
Mr. SCIIENCK. Corporations have not
been very modest. They are a sort ot em-
bodied idealism, and cannot well blush.
[Laughter.] 1 wish 1 could say the same in
legard to individuals, for if corporations can-
not be either modest or impudent because of
the want of personality that is not true in re-
gard to individuals, and some might be more
modest than they are.
But, Mr. Speaker, I do not wish to be drawn
away from the course of general remark I was
pursuing. The gentleman from Illinois cer-
tainly did say, if 1 did not misunderstand him,
that the true way was to let the country in the
interior build its own roads. I do not think
they can. If the country between this and
the"Pacific were like the country in my dis-
trict or in yours, Mr. Speaker, or in your State
anywhere, or in mine, I should lie very far
from coming to a conclusion that they needed
or were entitled to any aid from the House to
enable them to build their public improve-
ments. But it happens, as Illustrated before,
that this is a gieat unsettled country which
we desire to fill with population, to fill with en-
terprise, over which we wish to extend all the
conditions of civilization, and it is necessary
for us, for the development of our great domain,
to grant some of it away in order to accom-
plish that object. That is the whole of the
argument. .
To come back: to where I commenced. J his
bill is not one which involves the necessity of
inquiring into this whole subject of building a
road to the Pacific. It is a bill which simply
proposes to go on with a system which, whether
it has been sufficiently guarded or not, has now
become a well established system, and build up
one little link of fifty-lour miles, so as to secure
an eastern branch to the Union Pacific rail-
road and afford a starting point for a southern
Pacific railroad, if we should hereafter build a
southern Pacific road ; and that is the whole
object.
Mr. DELANO. I ask ray colleague to yield
to me for a question.
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. DELANO. Is my colleague able to
say there is a design, a real purpose, to run
this road to Denver?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know.
Mr. DELANO. That is a point to which I
wish to call his attention. The bill as origin-
ally shaped does not require the company, as
I understand it, to proceed toward Denver.
They may use the subsidy so as to direct the
line of the road to a point toward Albuquerque
with a view ultimately to the completion of a
new line across the mountains to San Fran-
cisco.
Mr. SCHENCK. I can only give ray belief.
Mr. DELANO. I wish to say further that I
have proposed an amendment which, if adopted,
would require them so to appropriate this fund
as to go to Denver and make connection with
another road which connects with the Union
Pacific ; and it seems to me, if there is an
honest purpose to accomplish what is said to
be the intended object, this will be done. If
it is not, we may then understand that this is a
scheme to enable.tliein to go further on tliis new
line and then call upon us for more subsidies.
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman from Ohio
will allow me, I will explain this from the map
in a word ; and I hope that I will not be con-
sidered as taking up too much of the gentle-
man's time. If the gentlemen in the House
will direct their attention to the bill itself they
will find that this is the language—that this road
is to connectat or near Cheyenne Wells, in Col-
orado, and not further west than the meridian
of said Cheyenne Wells. You will find that
Cheyenne Wells is thirty miles south of the line
of the road, and taking the meridian of Chey-
enne Wells running in that direction they may
strike the meridian of Cheyenne Wells thirty
miles south in the direction of Alburquevque,
which will make one hundred and twenty miles
of subsidy to be given them.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand my friend
from Illinois that if we go on and grant a sub-
sidy for fifty-four miles on the same principle
tve have granted it to the Union Pacific rail-
road they will have nothing to get along to
Cheyenne Wells without a subsidy, aud will
give their lands away to build a road up to
Denver. If it be so, so much the better. Then
by the grant of a subsidy for these fifty-four
miles we secure more than we have secured
before. I think an arrangement will be made
to answer my colleague on the subject. _ I
think a road will bo built to connect with
Denver, and it is in that connection I am will-
ing to grant a road to Cheyenne Wells, which
is recommended by General Grant, General
Sherman, aud others, for military purposes—
for Army transportation to a point where there
is forage and fuel to be had, which cannot be
had conveniently east of that point.
Mr. Speaker, I was sajing, when inter-
rupted, that this is a bill which does not touch
the merits of any general policy on this sub-
ject, and when I vote for this bill I propose to
vote for it with the reserved understanding that
while this may accomplish the building of the
road, which may hereafter become the main
stem to Cheyenne Wells, and its connection by
indirection also successfully with Denver City,
thus making it part of the Union Pacific as an
eastern branch, when we come to legislating
in regard t,o the two or three other lines across
the continent, to try and improve on that legis-
lation so far as the guards and restrictions are
concerned under which the Union Pacific and
the Central Pacific have been built. _
Thegentleman from Californiadesires a little
of my time, and I would like to know how much
I have left.
The S PEAKER. The gentleman has twenty-
four minutes remaining.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will yield, then, to the
gentleman from California for ten minutes.
Mr. IHGBY. Mr. Speaker, I had hoped
that an opportunity would have been afforded
to those of us who live in the extreme West to
have had each an hour in the discussion of this
I important railroad question, but as it is appa-
! rent that it is the disposition of the House to
j close this debate and come to a vote. I shall
| take advantage of the generous offer of my friend
j from Ohio, and in the ten minutes allowed rae
I submit a few remarks.
