1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
587
also this, a route accommodating a population
and business further south. I feel as if the
country wanted ns to aid such enterprises, and
while some of the ideas of gentlemen relative to
the influence of corporations are entertained by
me, still I cannot stop to consider such things
when I find the great interests of this continent
are at stake, and lhat tliirty-firo millions of peu-
ple„. the most thriving on earth, are making
such progress as justifies us in legislating so as
closely to connect tluj.Atlantic and the Pacific.
I cannot hesitate to vote for the bill in the
shape it came from the Senate.
Mr. COVODE. in the brief time allowed
me I cannot permit myself to be interrupted.
From the temper of the House I am satisfied
that the time has come to settle this matter,
and before sitting down 1 propose to call for
the previous question.
Mr. LOGAN". I want a fair show in the
fight, and I shall move to lay the bill and amend-
ments on the table.
Mr. CO VODE. I do-not yield for that pur-
pose. It has been represented that this com-
pany does not intend to build to Denver. I
am satisfied that it does. X tell gentlemen
that the time is coming when we will have to
grapple with the institutions of Asia, and that,
too, on the Pacific coast. The time is coming,
and in this age, when civilization will no longer
travel west, and when on the Pacific coast we
will have to meet and grapple with the insti-
tutions of Asia. It becomes us, therefore, to
occupy that territory first with our own people.
As my time is up I demand the previous ques-
tion on the bill and amendments.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the bill and amendments be laid on the tab le.
Mr. It AN D.YLL. On that motion I call for
the yeas a^d nays.
Mr. WASHBUIINE, of Illinois. Iinovethat
there be a call of the House, so that we may
have every gentleman here to show his hand
on this subject.
The House divided; and there were—ayes G5,
noes 71.
So the motion that there be a call of the
House was disagreed to.
The j cas and nays were ordered on the motion
to l.iy on the (able. v
The question was taken ; audit was decided
in the negative—yeas SG. nays '.>2, not voting i I;
as follows :
1T<AS~-Messrs. Allison. Arncll, Bailey, B^er,
Baldwin, Barnes Bc:uuan, Bcarty, Benton, bino:-
ham, Blair,BontweiS, Boycr.Bt ooks, Broom.ill.Luck-
hmd, Buvi, Gary, Cornier, Churchill,_ttcadcr W.
CUrU" Cobb. Conic, Cornel), Cailom, Deiano. Lin,
Isirnsworth, Ferris, KmFields, Gailickl. Golla-
df\y, U-rovor ilaltcy, B.iidinsx. Ilnwkin?, Hopkins,
Itichard J). IXnbb.ud, Joiickes luoinrs L. Jones,
Judrt, Julian, lvclsev, Koontz, Lftfhn, Law-
rence, Louglind.?^,Miir^halK^lcC'a.ilhy.Mrtunoufih,
]\Iooi head, Orth,Paine, Pot ham, Phelps,Pike, Plants,
price. Pruyn. Randall, Itauin, kuwyor,I
field, Sclyc, fc'hsinks, Sheilabavger,^ Sn.ilduis:, kf'uk- i
weather, Srowart, Syplu-r, Trowbji<"U<\ ,rt |
Van Llorn. Van Trump, Vidnl, A\ynHi,Eji)iuB ;
burno. William ]>. \Valburn, \Vclk<-r, VUluim W il-
)Mm", Jjmos l'\ Wilson, John X. Wilson. fctcphcn l*.
Wilson. rLi)d Woodward 86. ^ , ,
N Andoijson, Archer, Delo? It. Ash-
ley Axfcll, IUrnum, Beck, Jjenjfiimn, Blackburn,
B' \vcn, Bovdon, Bi^mwcli, Buckley, Cake,
O.illi* Sidn v Clark'-, Cliit. Cohurn, <\>rley, Covoue,
Dovvco-c, Dickon. JL)od?e, Donnelly, Driegs, l^kley,
D^lt^ton, bMridf?c. Tnomas D. Eiiot, James i, hi-
Uott Frciicb.Gofz.Gios-brenner.Go?®.Gove,Gravely,
(infold, IIumillon, llaucrh^y, llcaton, Iiigby.
Ilooper, riotchki-s Clicker D. Hubbard, Hunter,
Intrersoll. A^x.vndyi II. Jones, Kelloy, IvoIIorp,
Keteham, Kitchen, TriMi, Loan bynch Mnllory,
Marvin iluyoaid. .Mc( '"-iiiiek.MeKee, AJeroiu', Mil-
ler Moi-rell, jSi ullins, Xcwcomb, Newsham, Nichol-
son, Morris, trNeiil, Peters, Petti-!, Pierce.,Pile,
Poland, I'alslrv. Prince, Robertson, Kohinson, Roofs,
Schenek, Smith, Stevens. Stokes, Rtover. Xaffo,
Twiohcll. V;ui Aernani,\ an Aukcn, Robert 1. \ an
Horn. Henry 1>. Washburn, W hittemore, Wmdom,
8 NOT°VOTIN(Wie?«ra, Adams. Am??, James M.
Ashley Banks, Blaine, Benjamin I.Lutler.Roderiek
B. Butler, Dawes. Dickey, Dixon, Fox,
HnisU*. Hill, llolitwu, As.ihoi . Ifjbhanl, 11 tU
buid Humphrey, Oolmvm, Ivcrr, Knott Goorp-o
Lawrencc.Lincoln, Losn. Monre.Mom^Mjm-
eon Mvevs. Niblfick, ^utin. 1 i!.7cr<;>: ^ s>
5. ' v"kT.vlor Tlwiini^. t-ft, John Tnmblo,
&«(!' Tnmblc, Van Wyck. C.idwab.fU^ <j.
Washburn, Thomas Williams, V ood.o.nd \oumi 1-1.
So the House refused to lay the bill and
amendments on the t:t'i!e.
During the vote,
Mr. \t±LLIAMS, of Pennsylvania, stated
that he was paired with his eollea^ue, [Mr.
ijAwr.EXC'i,] who won! J have voted in the neg-
ative, while he would have voted in the aiiinu-
ative.
Mr. NI BLACK stated that he was paired
| with Mr. Van Wyck, or he would have voted
to lay the hill and amendments on the table.
Mr. O'NEILL stated that his colleague,
[Mr. Mi-bbs.] who would have voted in the
negative, was detained at home by sickness.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The question recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. DELANO. 1 desire to ask n parliament-
ary question. 11' the previous question is not
seconded will a motion to recommit be in
order ?
The SPEAKKU. A motion to refer will be
in order. The bill has never been referred.
Mr. DELANO. In that case I will move to
refer it.
Mr. JULIAN. If the previous question is
not seconded will it not bo in order to refer
the bill and amendments to the Committee on
the Public Lands ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Logan] has indicated a desire to
move its reference to the Committee on the
Pacific Itailmadj and by the usage that gen-
tleman will he recvjnii'.od.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 57, noes b~.
Mr. BOY I) EN. 1 demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. BoyiiUN and Looan.
The House divided,- and the tellers re-
ported—ayes C:', noos tV>.
So the llousc refused to second the1 previous
question.
Mr. LOGAN", r move to refer the bill with
the pending amendments and substitute to tho
Committee on tho pacific Jiailroad.
Mr. J ULIAN. 1 move to amend by substi-
tuting the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 accept the amendment.
Mr. JULIAN. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; aiidundertlieoperalion
thereof the, bill with the pending amendments
and substitute were referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands—ayes K2, noes 61.
Mr. LOGAN moved to recontider tho vote
by which the bill was referred; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The hitler motion was agreed to.
LII.tVK UF Allhis.VCK.
Mr. TU1MBLE, of Kenl'icky, was granted
ten days' leave of absence,
a.iui.isa a\d rxsra'Ti.N'ii uyuojts.
Mr. McCTJLLOUCUI, by unanimous con-
sent., submitted the to Ho wmg rosoiut ions; which
were read, considered, and agreed to :
Kcfdvrd, That the Commissioner of Internal lloy-
enuo intorm this House at ^n early day at wiiat rate
ho lias fixed the fees of 'i ■<')'- tor enu;o:er ami
inspectin!! liquors under tin. act, ot Consrees upprovod
July -0, lafis, section tifiy-tlircft: and wlietncr ho has
authonzeil the ftaui'ers toobiugo by the nackajre or
eallon ; and whether the rale so hxed has been made
uniform throuKhout the United State"-
lieio/v'l, '1 b;iI.the.(Joinnils-.loner oi Internal tte\ c-
nue further infoim this Home, at in early   day as
practicable, how uiiiclin-venue hiMbeen raeed troin
' iu^pectinir and gauK'nsr liquors under said aotupiu
the Kt of January, 1?6'J.
BUII.DIXfiS IN WASHINGTON'.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, in answer to the
resolution oi' the House of tbe instant, in.
relation to buildings or premises in the city of
Washington occupied by the Interior Depart-
ment. under leases lor rent; winch was i cfet ted
to the Commit Lee on Appropriations, and or-
dered to be printed.
oran'.n otr uusim:ss.
Mr. WASHBUIiNE, of Illinois. 1 move
that tho rules be suspended, and^ the I-Iouso
resolve itself into theOonnnitt.ee of the Whole
on the special order, being the legislative ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. LYNCH. 1 rise to a privileged motion.
I call up the motion I made on Saturday last
to reconsider the reference of the bill in regard
to resumption of specie payment to the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency.
The S PEAKER. That cannot, he called up
now. The gentleman from Illinois moves to
suspend the rules, which includes the rule by
which the gentleman from Maine would be
entitled to call up his motion.
Mr. WASilBUHNE, of Illinois. T will yield
to allow my friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine]
to offer a resolution.
RKPllESHXTtTION'' OF CIKOKGIA.
Mr. PAINE. I send to the Clerk's desk for
action now a rcsolut'on. 1 do not oiler it as a
repoit from the Committee on Reconstruction,
hut 1 will state to the House that it has the
approval of a majority of the members of lhat
committee. It canuol properly be regarded as
a report.
The Clerk read as follows:
■Whcrctis It if provide,1 ljy the vceonstruetion aet,
)>a^eit March 2, lSu7, lhat until ihc people of tho
lately rebellion!- States .-hall he by law admitted to
roproMMiUUion 111 Congress .my oivil Uovernmont
which lii.i)- oxi.4 tiieicin .shall !ri deemed provisional
only, and that no pel^ous ^hall bo olenblo to office
m?nch\!V<ivi*iou:U ".oveiumeut.; who are.ilis-itualilied
I for olilce bv llio fourteenth amendment ot tlui t.oll-
! stitutum ot the United States; and whereas it, is
! i eported that tho Legislature ol UeorRia lias cx-
.' polled the colored member.-, thereot ami admitted
to their seats white men who received miliullties o£
votes at the polls, and that members of said Legis-
lature who had been elected tlieieU* by tlio votes ot
ooloied men joined in such action, and that, twenty-
qovoii diMiuahhed while men hold seats m said 1,0-
jiieiaturo in violation of the fourteenth nuieiiuiiient
i ot the tlmntitiUion and of tho rticoindructioiMi is ot
Cmu?r<\^; ;uitl whereas Senator^ lroill Georgia have
j not yet been admitted to the Senate oi the United
. Stale.": Theietore,
1 nr-clord. That the Couuiiitti-0 on Reconstruction
hooidered to inquire and report whet lier any, and
it iiiiv what, funlter action omritt. to be taken auiui£
the Fortieth Coirae-'s re^peetihs the ie]>resenta.uon
ol Ueoifn.t in tlna itou-ie.
Mr. IJOSS. [ object.
Mr. PAIN K. 1 move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of receiving and agreeing to
the resolution.
Mr. ELD1U00E. On that motion I demand
the yens and nays.
Mr. 15 IN GII A.M. This question has already
been referred to the committee m the form of
M bill. Tho committee therefore have power
over it now. 1 refer to the bill of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts referred to the com-
mittee two weeks ago.
Mr. PAINE. I hardly like to dispute what
the gentleman says, but I cannot 
Mr. Pv.OSS. 1 object to debate.
Mr. BINGHAM. The Journal ivill show
what I say.
Tho yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHRIIPNE, of Illinois. I ask my
friend to withdraw the resolution. I cannot
yield for n vote by yeas and nays.
Mr. PAINE. My understanding with the
gentleman compels me to withdraw the reso-
lution now, the yeas and nays being ordered.
I give notice, however, that as soon as I can
get the floor f will move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of agreeing to the resolution.
OUT)Kit 01? UUsINKSS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yield to
the chairman of the Committee of Ways ana
Means to make a statement in regard to trie
business of the House.
, Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to say to the House
i that there are two bills in Comimttee_ol tue
Whole on the state of the Union, one in rela-
tion to an amendment of the tariff, and the
other n general amendment of the revenue laws,
oil which the Committee of Ways and Means
de.'-iro to get action of the House it possible
at this session in time for the passage ot the
bills. There is uo d&uger but that the app^-O
priation bills will go through before the end ot
