588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
the session. I do not make any motion hostile
to that of the gentleman from Illinois now, be-
cause the legislative appropriation bill is par-
tially completed in Committee of the Whole;
but I give notice that whenever that bill is out
of the way, and before another appropriation
bill is taken up, I shall endeavor to have a test
question in the House whether, instead of taking
up an appropriation bill, they will not proceed
toconsider those two bills, the tariff bill and the
internal revenue bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will state
to the gentleman from Ohio that the Indian
appropriation bill is also pending in Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SCHENCK. It has not been made a
special order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It can
be made one very easily.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to ask the Chair
whether, if the motion of the gentleman from
Illinois be voted down, my motion will then
be in order to take up the bill in relation to
specie payments?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
-would then be privileged, if the Chair should
give him the floor, tg call up the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill in rela-
tion to specie payments was recommitted on
Saturday.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now ask
for a vote on my motion.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
my friend on the Committee on Appropria-
tions will not insist on that motion.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes 71, noes 70.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the
negative-
Mr. SPALDING-. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Spalding,
and Washbuime, of Illinois, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 83, noes 61.
■ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 82, nays 79, not voting
61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Delos II. Ashley, Axtell,
Baker, Beaman, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin,Blackburn,
Boles, Bowen.Boyden, Boyer, Brooks, Buckley, Burr,
Roderick R. Butler, Callis, Cary, Corley, Covode, Dc-
weese, Dodgo,Eldridgo,JamesT. Elliott, Farnsworth,
Frcnch, Garfield, Getz, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Goss,
Gove, Gravely, Grover, Harding:, Haughey, Hawkins,
Ileaton, Chester D, Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard,
Humphrey. Ingersoll, Alexander II. Jones, Thomas
1. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kerr, Knott, Lash, Loan,
Mallory, Marshall, Marvin, Maynard, McCullough,
Miller, Mullins, Mungen, Newsham, Niblack, Nich-
olson, Phelps, Pierce, Pike,Pile,Polsley,Pruyn,Ran-
dall, Ross, Shanks, Spalding, Taffe, Upson, Van
Auken, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Whitte-
more, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood-
bridge. and Woodward—82.
NAYS —Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Bailey,
Barnes, Bonton, Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell,
Bromwell.Broomiill.Buckland, Benjamin IT. Butler,
Cake, Churchill, Clift, Cobb, Cook, Cornell, Cnllom,
Donnelly, Driggs,Ela,ThomasD.Eliot,Ferriss,Ferry,
Fields, Hamilton, Higby, Hooper, Ilotchkiss, Hunter,
Jenckes, Kelley, Kelsey, Ketcham, Itoontz, Laflin,
William Lawrence, Loughridge, Lynch, McCarthy,
MeK.ee, Mereur, Moorhead, Morrell, Norris, O'Neill,
Paine, Perbam, Peters, Pottis, Price, Prince, Raum,
Robertson, Robinson, Roots, Sawyer, Sehenck, Sco-
field, Selye, Smith, Starkweather, Stewart, Stokes,
S'over. Trowbridge, Burt Van Horn, Vidal. Ward,
ihhu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, William
B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, William
Williams, and John rL\ Wilson—79.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams. Anderson, James
M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Barnum, Chanler,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Dawes,
Delano, Diekcy. Dixon, Dockery, Eckley, Bdwards,
Eggleston, Fox.Griswold, Haight, Halsev, Hill. Hol-
man. Hopkins. Asahel W.Hubbard, Hulburd, John-
son. Helios®, Kitchen, George V.Lawronce, Lincoln,
Logon, MeCormick, Moore, Morrlssey, Myers, New-
comb, Nunn.Orth, Plants, Poland, Pomeroy, Shel-
l.ibarger, Sitgreaves, Stevens. Stone, Sypher, Taber,
Taylor, Thomas, Tift, John Trimble. Lawrence S.
Trimble. Twicheil.Van Aernara,Van Wyek,Cadwal-
ndor G. Washburn, Windoin, Wood, and Young~61.
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the
Hons3 adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of R. Cro-
melien, of Washington, District of Columbia,
for a grant of the right of way for an air-line
railroad from Washington, District of Colum-
bia, to Annapolis, Maryland.
By Mr. BEAMAN: The petition of John
Retallach and 35 others, citizens of Detroit,
Michigan, praying for action upon the civil ser-
vice bill, forthe passage of the newtaxbill, &c.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts: A me-
morial of citizens of Buffalo, New York, against
resumption of specie payment, and asking such
action as will improve the present paper cur-
rency.
Also, a petition of citizens of Buffalo, New
York, to Congress to give earnest considera-
tion to the financial measure introduced by
General Butler in the House of Representa-
tives.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Illinois, ap-
proving and indorsing the views of General
Butler on finance, as expressed in his bill and
sustained by his speech, and pledging their
earnest and cordial support in this contest of
legal might against natural right.
Also, the memorial of Alfred S. Reid, of
Campbell county, Virginia, for removal of
disabilities.
By Mr. DONNELLY: The memorial of
the Chamber of Commerce of the city of St.
Paul, in the State of Minnesota, in favor of the
early construction of the Northern Pacific rail-
road, and of a branch road from the Union
Pacific railroad, via Sioux City, to the head of
Lake Superior.
By Mr. DRIGGS : A petition of 100 citizens
of New York and Philadelphia, manufacturers
of chemicals, praying Congress to levy an
increased duty upon cryolite, in order to pro-
tect works in this country in the manufacture
of soda ash and other similar products.
By Mr. EGGLESTON : A protest against
the increase of duties on refined sugars, from
all the wholesale grocers of Cincinnati.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of William Thwing, for the passage of
an aet to authorize the issue of a register to the
ship Alhambra.
Also, the petition of John Moriarty, of Bos-
ton, Massachusetts, a private in company K,
third United States artillery, for bounty.
By Mr. HUNTER: The petition of S. W.
Skinker, administrator of the estate of John
H. Skinker, deceased, praying relief for sup-
plies furnished the Union ajrmies in Virginia
from the 18th day of November, 1862, to the
1st day of May, 1865.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of R. S.
Ward, for special relief for services rendered
in the late war for the Union.
By Mr. MULLINS: The petition of New-
ton Dickens, a private soldier in company A,
eleventh Tennessee mounted infantry, to have
his name placed on the rolls of said company.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The petition of Ragon,
Dickey & Casson and a number of others,
citizens of Evansville, Indiana, remonstrating
against any further increase of duty on sugar.
By Mr. O'NEILL: A petition of importers
and others, merchants of the city of Philadel-
phia, asking for the redaction of the duty on
foreign salt to fifty per ceut. over cost.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The memorial of Adam
Jewett and 150 others, citizens of Montgom-
ery county, Ohio, praying Congress to abolish
the franking privilege.
Also, a memorial of grocers, citizens of Ohio,
praying Congress to make no change in the
tariff on sugars.
Also, the petition of Mary Maloy, widow of
John D. Maloy, late private company H, ninth
regiment West Virginia volunteers, for arrears
of pension.
Also, the memorial of E. M. Davis, of Phila-
delphia, Pennsylvania, praying Congress to re-
peal the law making gold a legal tender, and
asking for a new money system.
Also, a memorial of grocers of St. Louis,
Missouri, praying Congress to make no change
in the tariff on sugars.
By Mr. THOMAS: A petition of citizens of
Annapolis, Maryland, asking Congress lo exert
its constitutional powers to secure to the people
of that State a State government republican in
form.
By Mr. UPSON : The petition of Comfort
Tyler and 18 others, citizens of St. Joseph
county, Michigan, praviag for an increase of
pension to Abigail Re/nolds, widow of Benoni
Reynolds, a soldier in the revolutionary war.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 26, 1869.
Prayer by Rev. E. IT-. Gray, D. D.
On motion by Mr. MORTON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
western military claims.
The PRESIDENTproieittpore appointed Mr.
Tiiumbcll, Mr. Stewart, and Mr. McCreery
the committee of conference on the part of the
Senate upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the joint resolution (H. R. No. 404)
providing for the disposition of certain papers
relating to military claims accruing in the de-
partment of the West.
revision of the statutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the report of the commissioners to
revise the statutes of the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on Revision of
Laws of the'United States, and ordered to be
printed.
credentials. ^
Mr. WILSON presented the credentials of
Hon. Charles Sumner, elected by the Legis-
lature of Massachusetts a Senator from that
State forthe term commencing March 4,1869;
which were read, and ordered to be filed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Jud-
son A. Mosman, of Natick, Massachusetts,
executor of Arthur L. Hyde, praying to be
allowed the same bounty to which the father,
if living, of Arthur L. Hyde, deceased, late a
private in company B, second Massachusetts
cavalry volunteers, would be entitled ; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
Josiah Quincy, and others, harbor commission-
ers of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts,
stating the necessity of certain improvements
in the harbor of Boston, and of appropriations '
in order to carry them out; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Steuben county, New York, in favor
of the passage of a law granting pensions to
the surviving soldiers of the war of 1812; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented sundry affidavits
of citizens of Vermont, in favor of the bill (S.
No. 759) to extend the patent granted to G.
V. Blodgett and P. T. Sweet for an oven for
baking; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Patents.
Mr. DRAKE presented resolutions of the
Union Merchants' Exchange of St. Louis,
against any further extension of the provision
of the bankrupt act requiring the payment out
of the bankrupt's assets of fifty per cent, of his
liabilities ; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POOL presented the petition of Joseph
Ward and others, members of the thirteenth
Tennessee cavalry, praying that the Secretary
of War be directed, on their application, to re-
move any charge of desertion that may stand
upon the rolls against them ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
North Carolina, praying that William B. Be-
ville be relieved from the political disabilities
