590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
Mr. GRIMES. I thought there was. There
is a long discussion going on about it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope it will be disposed
of now. I do not want to call it up again. I
believe it meets general assent.
Mr. GRIMES. So that we can get a vote I
do not care what is done with it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.- Does the
Senator withdraw his motion?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to amend the
resolution by striking out the words "at the
beginning of the next session;" so that it will
read:
That a joint committee, composed of three mem-
bers of the Senate and'iivc members of the House of
Representatives, shall be appointed in the same
manner as other joint committees arc appointed, &c.
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to read the
present standing rule of the Senate 011 the sub-
ject of committees:
"The following standing .committees shall be ap-
pointed at the commencement of each session."
The very words that are used here. That
rule was made on the 5th of March, 1857, and
has been continued from that time to this.
Mr. POMEROY. This is a proposition to
organize a new committee. It does not inter-
fere at all with the standing committees pro-
vided for nor the manner of their appointment.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is ou the amendment proposed by the'
Senator from Kansas.
The amendment was rejected.  
The resolution was adopted,
CIIAUUIS WESTMORELAND.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (S. 11. No. 20G) relating to
the mileage of Charles Westmoreland, to re-
port it back without amendment and recom-
mend its passage; and if there be no objection
I should like to have it passed at this time.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Com mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to the Secretary of the
Senate, out of the appropriation for the pay-
ment of the messengers of the respective States
for Conveying to the seat of Government the
votes of electors of the States for President
and Vice President, in trust for Charles West-
moreland, the only child of the late Charles
Westmoreland, the person appointed by the
electors of California to deliver to the Presi-
dent ot the Senate a list of the votes of Cali-
fornia for President and Vice President for
J#08, and who died at Panama on his way to
the seat of Government with that list, the sum
to which he would have been entitled had he
reached the seat of Government and delivered
the same ; and the receipt of the Secretary of
the Senate is to be a sufiieient voucher therefor.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state briefly, if
necessary, that Mr. Westmoreland was chosen
to bring the vote of California to Washington
and died ot the small-pox at Panama and left
an only son, fourteen or fifteen years old, in
impoverished circumstances.
Mr. MORTON. No wife?
Mr. WILLIAMS. No wife or other relative,
except sisters and brothers. This resolution
provides that the money shall be paid into the
handsof the Secretary of the Senate in trust
for this boy.
Mr. GRIMES. Has he a guardian ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. No, sir. The object is
to get the money out of the hands of some per-
son who may perhaps get it and misapply it.
The Secretary of the Senate is a personal
friend of Mr. Westmoreland and has all his
papers, and everything he has is transmitted to
the Secretary of the Senate, and he holds the
matter in trust for this boy. *
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
KKl'OIiTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, to whom was referred
the bill(H. R. No. 1564) making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions
of the United States for the year ending June
30, 1870, reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. 11. No. 1596) making
appropriations for the support of the Military
Academy for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1870, reported it with amendments.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committeeon Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the memorial
of Charles Weile, late United States consul at
Tumbez, Peru, praying that investigation be
had in relation to the treatment he received
while consul at Tumbez by the authorities of
that place, have had the same under consider-
ation, and directed me to report it back to the
Senate with the request to be discharged from
the further consideration thereof.
In making this report I add a statement that
a treaty has just been negotiated between the
United States and Peru, although it has not
yet received the sanction of the Senate, for the
hearing of all claims of American citizens, and
also of Peruvians; and it will be for Mr. Weile,
if he chooses, to prosecute his claim before the
commission constituted by that treaty. It is
on that account that the committee at this time
ask to be discharged from the further consid-
eration of these papers.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Margarette S. Morse, administratrix of
the estate of Isaac E. Morse, deceased, praying
compensation for services rendered by him as
commissioner to New Granada, reported ad-
versely thereon.
HILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
833) for the reorganization of the Navy of the
United States; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
834) to incorporate the Southern Express Com-
pany ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 835) to aid in the construction of the Pa-
cific Central Transit railway and telegraph from
the city of New Orleans, Louisiana, to some
point on the Rio Grande river, Texas, in the
direction of San Bias, on the Pacific coast;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to'introduce a bill (S. No.
83G) for the relief of Celestia P. Hartt; which
was read twice by its title, wid referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 837) for the relief of Mrs. Sallie V. Grif-
fin ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, *acuT
ordered to be printed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior, communicating, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of the 15th instant,
a statement of the tracts of land selected by
members of the Grand river band of the Ot-
tawa and Chippewa Indians under the treaty
of July 31, 1855; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of War, communicating, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate of
December 14, 18(38, further information con-
cerning the battle on the Washita river ; which
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of the Interior, communicating an
estimate of appropriation required for survey-
ing Indian reserves for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1867 ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
WILLIAM M'GAHRAII.VN.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, there was
a question of order/left undisposed of yesterday
morning which I/fiope will be disposed of this
morning; and for the purpose of having it dis-
posal of I rejrcw the motion to take up House
bill Bte, 65/ror the relief of William McGar-
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On this
motion a question of order was raised, which
the Chair proposed to submit to the Senate for
determination.
Mr. MORTON. At the last session—on the
last night of the session, I believe—this bill
was indefinitely postponed. I now move to
call up the bill, and the objection is made that
by the indefinite postponement the bill was
killed. I insist that it is saved by the opera-
tion of the twenty-first joint rule. All the
authorities state the effect of an indefinite post-
ponement to be simply to prevent the taking
of further action during that session. It is
not in the nature of a rejection of the bill; it
is not a judgment on the merits of it; but it is
a determination that no further action shall
take place at that session. The authorities
were read yesterday by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Davis,] and I need not read them
again ; but every authority states the result of
the motion to be that no further action can be
taken at the same session.
I admit that that would have the effect of
killing the bill if that session and the ses-
sion following were not connected together.
But for such connection the end of the session
would have the effect to destroy all the un-
finished business of the session, and bills on
their third reading could not now be taken up
aud passed. The end of the session, if there
were not some provision to the contrary, would
in fact destroy all pending business ; and it was
to prevent that very thing that the twenty-first
joint rule was adopted by which the two sessions
are connected togetherand the unfinished busi-
ness is saved. 'This is clearly unfinished busi-
ness ; and it is saved by the operation of the
twenty-first joint rule that connects the two ses-
sions together. Mr. Cushingsays that a motion
to postpone indefinitely is peculiar to American
parliamentary law, and that it is equivalent to
a motion in England to discharge the order for
the consideration of a bill on a particular day
without renewing it. He does not put it 011
the ground that it is a determination of the
merits of the question. It is not in the nature
of a rejection of the bill. Again, he says:
" The motion to postpone indefinitely is of Amer-
ican origin, and peculiar to legislative assemblies in
this country in which it is u?ed. In the House of
Representatives it is provided by a rule that when a
question is postponed indefinitely it shall not be
acted upon again at the same session."
But now we connect the two sessions to-
gether by the operation of the twenty-first
joint rule; and this is just as clearly un-
finished business as any other business that
would be carried over by the operation of that
rule. Were it not for that rule all the busi-
ness would die at the end of the session, even
without an indefinite postponement; but the
twenty-first joint rule conies in and carries over
all unfinished business, and by the same force
of reasoning takes up as unfinished business
anything that has be?n indefinitely postponed.
It seems to me. that there is no resisting the
force of the twenty-first joint rule ; it is within
the reason of the law and for the convenience
of Congress.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 do not profess to be as
familiar with the practice of the Senate as some
other gentlemen; but at the same time I am
astonished to find any Senator of experience
supporting this proposition. It is conceded
to be, and I believe that it lias been tlie invari-
able practice of the Senate from time imme-
morial, to regard the indefinite postponement
