592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
I requested that these parties might have their
rights under the law. •
Now, Mr. McGarrahan's claim is simply thi.;:
in 1844 one Vincente Gomez, a clerk in the
department of California, applied for a grant,
but no grant was issued, and no possession
was taken under the application. A confirma-
tion was applied for to the board of land com-
missioners, and they rejected it.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator will
not go into the merits of the claim.
Mr. STEWART. I simply wish to make a
brief statement.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no question
before the Senate as to the merits of the case.
Mr. STEWART. I think it necessary to
make a few remarks in justification of my
course, and I will detain the Senate but a
moment. The claim was rejected by the land
commission, and it was subsequently con-
firmed in a manner which, in the estimation
of the Supreme Court, threw great discredit
upon the judiciary. A man by the name of
Pacificus Ord had acquired one half the inter-
est iu the claim, and he was attorney for the
claim. He was, in the mean time, appointed
district attorney for the United States. He
appointed Mr. Hartman to appear for the
other side, and then went into court and con-
sented to a decree, saying that the United
States had no objection to the confirmation of
the claim.
Mr. DAYIS. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. STEWART. Wait until I get through.
Mr. DAVIS. What has all the Senator is
now saying to do with the question before the
Senate ?
Mr. STEWART. I refuse to be interrupted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I call the Senator to
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator cannot be interrupted without his conscnt.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I make the point of
order that it is not in order to argue the merits
of the case on a mere question of order.
Mr. STEWART. 1 am not proposing to
argue the merits of the question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 do not know what the
Senator proposes to do; but he is doing it. He
is talking of the merits of the question, and of
nothing else.
Mr. CONNESS. I only rise . sir, to say that
the honorable Senator from Maine discussed
the merits of this case yesterday in discussing
the question of order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all; I made no
allusion to the merits.
Mr. CONNESS. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; I will read, if necessary, from the Globe.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish the Senator
would. I have read it myself. I said that I
had no opinion about the merits one way or
other.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Nevada is entitled to the floor, and
will proceed.
Mr. STEWART. I only wish to show the
reason for my conduct which is exhibited here
to the Senate. The claim went before the
Supreme Court, and they rejected it in about as
severe an opinion as you will find in the records
of that court, on the ground of the fraudulent
proceeding that had been had. Iu the mean
time some distance from the pretended loca-
tion mines were discovered and parties went on
in good faith to develop those mines. When
they were about to acquire the title, as they
were entitled to do under the laws of Congress,
Mr. McGarraban asked on his own survey that
Congress should grant him this land. While
the case was being examined, at the request
of committees of Confess the proceedings
were suspended in the Department; but when
the thing was over, as I supposed, I requested
that those parties should have their rights under
existing laws, and I contend that I had as much
right to do that as other members of Congress
had to ask that persons having rights under
existing laws should be prevented from assert-
ing those rights until Mr. McGarrahan could
work a claim through Congress which had been
repudiatid as fraudulent by the Supreme Court
of the United States. I say the matter has been
held up entirely too long, and I believe it was
the duty of the Department to issue a patent,
before this to the other parties complying with
the law; but itisstill withheld, and this motion
now comes up. So far as I am concerned, I
would as lief this motion should prevail as have
a new bill introduced, except for one reason—
that I want the case examined in the other
House again. I believe the committee in the
other House were misled as to material facts
in the case. The committee in this House has
examined it, and, as I am informed by the
chairman, gave the claimant-five long sessions
in which to consider it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
inghour having expired, the unfinished business
of yesterday comes before the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. I move to lay aside the
unfinished business informally, for the purpose
of having this question of order settled. The
Senator from Oregon and the Senator from
Nevada have spoken out the morning hour.
As I do not wish to trouble the Senate with
this matter again, I should be glad to have the
unfinished business laid aside informally for a
short time until it can be settled.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That can
be done by unanimous consent.
Mr. POMEROY. I will make no objection
if it can be done informally.
Mr. CONNESS. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it will require a motion to test the
sense of the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. I move, then, that the un-
finished business be laid aside informally until
this question be disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot
be done informally except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As lam entitled to the
floor on the unfinished business, I desire to say
that personally I have no objection to laying it
aside, but that bill is in the hands of the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad, and although I
happen to have the floor I have no right to pre-
judice the rights of that committee to the con-
sideration of the bill by the Senate. If it lies
over informally by unanimous consent, so that
it does not lose its place, I shall make no objec-
tion.'
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any
objection to proceeding informally with the
question which has been before the Senate?
Mr. CONNESS. I object to proceeding in-
formally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That being
the case, the question is on the motion that the
order of the day^ be postponed for the purpose
of proceeding with this matter.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have not yielded the
floor for such a motion. I have the floor on
the regular order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a point of order.
I state this question of order for the consider-
ation of the Chair: we are now engaged in the
morning hour with a question of order; it does
not relate to the merits of any proposition be-
fore the Senate, but it relates to the rights of
the Senate itself as a privileged question ; and
therefore I suggest to the Chair that thai priv-
ileged question will override any matter of
business that comes up at one o'clock, and
hence that it docs not need any motion or con-
sent that we proceed with the consideration of
this question of order. It is not a question on
the merits of anything, and must be proceeded
with until the Senate itself shall decide to lay
it aside.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is not aware that that has any priority over
any other business. The unfinished business
supersedes everything else at one o'clock,
unless it be some privileged motion; but the
Chair does not recognize this question of order
as a privileged question.
Mr. POMEROY. The question before the
Senate is not on a motion to take up or to pro-
ceed to the consideration of a bill, but it is
an appeal from the decision of the Chair on a
question of order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No ; the Chair sub-
mits the question to the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the same thing.
Mr. POMEROY. The Chair submitted to
the Senate the question whether the motion of
the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] could
be entertained. It is not a question on the
taking up of a bill. If it was it would be super-
seded by the expiration of the morning hour.
The question before the Senate is the questiou
which the Chair has submitted to the Senate,
whether they will sustain the point of order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. With the consent of
my colleague, I will move that the prior order
be postponed f6r one hour for the considera-
tion of this question; and I will, in connection
with that motion, appeal to the Senator from
Wisconsin to postpone his speech for that
length of time—say, not exceeding one hour.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the regular order
can lie over informally for one hour I have no
objection.
Mr. HENDRICKS. My motion will have
that effect, if the Senator will listen to it. My
motion is that the regular order be postponed
for not exceeding one hour, and that the further
consideration of this question of order be pro-
ceeded with.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the
opinion of the Chair that the point of order
made on the motion ofthe Senatorfrom Indiana
[Mr. Morton] has no priority over otherbusi-
ness, bujt is superseded at this time by the un-
finished business of yesterday. Now the motion
is to postpone the unfinished business for one
hour.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Not exceeding one
hour.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senate will not
do that. I did not understand -the Senator
from Wisconsin to have yielded the floor to
such a motion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I yielded with the un-
derstanding that the regular business before
the Senate is postponed informally for one hour.
Mr. CONNESS. That has been objected to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I did not yield for the
purpose of allowing a motion .to be made to
displace the pending order. I feel that on that
subject I ought to consult those who have charge
of the bill, the Pacific Railroad Committee.
Mr. HOWARD. It is quite manifest that
no such informal postponement can be agreed
to, and I hope therefore the unfinished busi-
ness will be proceeded with.
Mr. SHERMAN. I gave notice yesterday
of my intention to move to day to take up the
currency and debt bill. The Senator from
Wisconsin declines to give me the floor now
for that purpose ; and I give notice that I shall
make the motion as .soon as I can get the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understood the Senator from Wisconsin to yield
the floor for the purpose of considering the
motion to postpone for one hour the order of
the day.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have not yielded for
any motion to postpone. I have expressed
my willingness to yield, provided the unfin-
ished business was laid aside informally by
unanimous consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That can-
not be done, because objection is made; and
it requires unanimous consent.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator from
Wisconsin tc^yield the floor to me that I may
make this motion: that the further considera-
tion of the pending order be suspended or post-
poned, not exceeding one hour, that the Senate
may proceed with the consideration of the
question which has been before it. That will
allow the Senator to make his speech after
awhile.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If it. is unanimously
understood that I take ihe floor at' the end of
the hour on the regular oider I have no objec-
tion ; but beyond that I cannot yield.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is the effect of it.
