1869.
THE CQNGRKSSIOjSFAL GLOBE.
595
route,and it did thus change its route, and build
up the valley of the Smoky Hill river. I think
Senators cannot avoid coming to the conclu-
sion that if that bill had not passed this com-
pany would have had the right, the eastern
division company failing, to put in lliisJ link of
road. I am at a loss to perceive how the pas-
sage of that act could affect the rights of the
central branch company. The change of loca-
tion from the Republican to the Smoky Hill
river was not their act; it was the act of another
corporation, but a change which could not have
occurred without the concurrence of Congress.
This action of that company was beyond the
control of the central branch company, as was
this congressional legislation. All they could
do they did do. They protested agaiiist the
passage of the law, proceeded with their work
until their one hundred miles were completed,
and then appealed to Congress for justice.
But the Senator from New York [Mr. Conk-
ling] concluded his able and exhaustive argu-
ment yesterday by informing the Senate and
the country that this company was, at least,
entitled to no sympathy; whatever might be
the rights of the company under the law they
were not entitled to sympathy, for they had
already received enormous grants. He read
from a newspaper advertisement, in which it
was stated that they derived, or were to derive,
from the national Government one million two
hundred and eighty- thousand acres of land
lying on each side of this one hundred miles
of road. The Senator omitted to state that
the public lands had at the time of the passage
of the law been so far exhausted that there
was not within the limits of the grant, subject
to its provisions, to excced the amount of
about two hundred and twenty-five thousand
acres. He left the Senate to infer that they
were entitled to receive and would receive the
whole amount of one million two hundred and
eighty thousand acres of land, when, in fact,
the law conveys to them less than a quarter of
a million. He also read an advertisement
from which, it seemed to me, he desired the
inference to be drawn that this company had
derived enormous sums of money from the sale
of Indian lands acquired under a treaty from
the Kickapoo Indians. I do not know person-
ally what the facts are in that case, and can
only state the representations made to me by
the gentlemen who are connected with this
enterprise. They say that they were entitled
to one hundred and twenty-three thousand
acres of land from the Kickapoo Indians, under
the treaty referred to, by paying those Indians
$1 25 an acre—more than the original worth
of the land if the railroad had not been con-
structed ; and if those lands are now worth, as
1 have no doubt they are, much more than
$1 25 per acre, it is an accretion of value
growing out of the investment of their own
money in this improvement; an accretion of
value, however, which accrues equally to the
lands of the United States and of the citizens
of Kansas lying within the vicinity of the line
of the road.
The Senator from New York insists that they
had ample notice that the location of the east-
ern division road would be changed from the
Republican river over to the Smoky Hill river,
and that if they invested money they did it with
a full knowledge of the contemplated change
of route, and are therefore not entitled to relief.
The law providing for the change was enacted,
I believe, on the 3d day of July, 1866. And the
gentlemen engaged in this work represent to
me that their books show that previous to that
date they had paid in on stock out of the pock-
ets of the stockholders $600,000 in cash, and
that they had sold their first-mortgage bonds
to the amount of about three hundred thousand
dollars, the whole of which had been expend ed
in the construction of the road. They invested
the greater part of this large amount after the
time had expired during which the eastthe
division company had the legal right to change
their location. ,
The Senator stated, however, that it was but
a few days after the passage of that law—the
act of July 3, 1866—they presented to the
Government as complete their first section of
twenty miles of road. He cited the fact cor-
rectly, but the inference, it seemed to me,
might be drawn from his mode of stating it,
that they had not put any money into this
enterprise worth mentioning before July 8,
1866, when the fact, as I understand it_ from
other sources than that of the company itself,
was, that they had before that period nearly
completed twenty miles and had forty other
tniles well under headway, twenty of them
almost ready to be presented to the Govern-
ment for acceptance. And at this time, as I
have been told, this company has paid in the
whole of its stock at par, has expended in the
construction of the road something like one
million dollars, and has exhausted in the same
way the bonds derived from the national Gov-
ernment, amounting to $1,600,000, and per-
haps an equal amount of their first-mortgage
bonds ; so that at this time they have invested
the whole of their stock, counting it at par, as
I understand, and the money derived from the
sale of the Government bonds.
That reminds me that the Senator from New
York seemed to wish it to be inferred that the
right to use this large amount of Government
and first-mortgage bonds was proof positive
of the great wealth acquired by the company
from this enterprise, when iu fact they are
merely evidence of the company's indebted-
ness. Under the law the company is bound to
pay the Government bonds, principal and in-
terest, at maturity, and, of course, both the
interest and principal of its own bonds. Sup-
pose these bonds had been issued and drawn
from the Treasury and locked up in the com-
pany's safe, what advantage would they bo to
the company? If I draw my own note bearing
interest, payable by myself, and put that note
in my pocket, although it may be negotiable
paper, does it enhance the value of my assets?
It affects tne neither the one way nor the other
until I part with the paper; but when I part
with the paper for a consideration, it is evi-
dence of a debt owed by me to another. So
with this company ; if they have drawn and
sold $1,000,000 of Government bonds, and
have issued and sold $1,600,000 of first-mort-
gage bonds, being $3,200,000 in the aggregate,
it is merely evidence that the company is m
debt to the amount of $3,200,000, which they
are obligated to pay, interest and principal, at
maturity. To arrive at the actual value of this
work you must first foot up the assets of the
company; then foot up the debts of the com-
pany, and subtract the smaller from the greater,
and you will then perceive whether the work is
of any real value to the holders as at present
situated. Add to the value of their lands the
value of the road and fixtures and rolling-
stock; then substract the aggregate amount of
their debts, including both Government and
first-mortgage, bonds, and you will have the
sum total of the company's wealth. And this
nominal value might prove to he worthless.
For it is a kind of property, exccpt the lands,
which rapidly deteriorates with use and time.
Its value will depend on the income over and
above the expenses and repairs. And the gen-
tlemen representing this company tell me that
the road does not yield more than enough to
keep up the running expenses, iiut they be-
lieve that if they shall be permitted to proceed
to build the omitted section in the line, so as
to give them the connection they were entitled
to under the laws of l8t>2 and 1864, it will make
the whole property of real value. I suppose
that in the decision of this question the votes of
Senators must turn on their opinion of the
vested rights of this company. If the enact-
ment of the law offering this company the
right to construct the one hundred miles^ and
the additional privilege to build the additional
link leading up to the trunk line at the one
hundredth meridian, if the eastern division
should fail to build it, and the acceptance ol
this proposition by this central branch com-
pany is in the nature of a contract, it must be
carried out in good faith.
It may be to the interest of the Government
pecuniarily to break faith with its citizcns ; it
may be that the essence of this contract can be
avoided by a close and narrow construction of
its own statutes; hut the original intention is
plain. I do not know how other Senators may
view that subject. I have not thought, how-
ever, it ever was an advantage in the long
run either to an individual or to a Government
to break faith; and hence, I have not thought
that the proposition to avoid the payment of
the national debt in whole or in part was either
creditable or wise. I know the honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] who has
opposed the passage of this bill earnestly—and
I have no doubt honestly—takes a different
view of the obligation of the Government to
keep faith with other contracting parties.
Sir. EDMUNDS. If the Senator alludes to
me, I beg leave to correct liira. I am for keep-
ing the Government faith with this company
just as much as with everybody else. I only
differ with the Senator as to what the Govern-
ment faith is; and I am willing to speak frankly
on this subject, as I hope he is on the subject
of the public debt, one way or the other.
Mr. HA11LAN. Certainly; I have no doubt
of that. No one ever dreamed of accusing the
Senator from Vermont of want of frankness ;
and I have always been and always shall be
equally frank on the subject to which he refers.
1 was aloout to remark that there were those a
few months since who thought the laws au-
thorizing the sale of Government bonds could
be so construed as to authorize the Govern-
ment to pay them in greenbacks; that is, in
its own paper, without interest, and thus avoid
the payment of the interest. This always
seemed to me very much like repudiating the
interest. Afterward, the President of the
United Stales, in a grave paper sent to Con-
gress at the beginning of the session, proposed
to pay the interest for a few years, but thought,
the law might be so construed, or at least the
equities of the case might justify, at the end of
a given number of years, the repudiation of
the principal. Now, Mr. President, it, may
be that a narrow, lawyer-like construction ot'
these statutes would justify the conclusion to
which the honorable Senator comes. He may
find hy a close analysis of these statutes,
(though 1 am unable to agree with him,) th.it
the Government is not technically and legally
bound to grant the relief sought hy this com-
pany in the passage of this bill ; hut there can
be no question of the original intention of
Congress when the laws were passed. I sup-
pose that what is meant by keeping faith is to
carry out a contract as originally intended
between the two contracting parlies, and that
neither is at, liberty to seek to evade the real
moaning of the contract by a technical construc-
tion of phrases. In this case the original pur-
pose was to authorize this company to build one
hundred miles of roarl, and at the end of this
one hundred miles to form a connection with
the eastern division road, giving them a con-
nection with the main trunk line at the one
hundredth meridian, with the distinct agree-
ment on the part of the Government that if
the eastern division company failed to build
that linlc this company might put it in on the
same terms proposed to the eastern division
company.
'The eastern division company has failed to
build the road where it would afford this con-
nection. This company is therefore in pre-
cisely the dilemma contemplated by Congress
when the laws of 1802 and 1864 were enacted;
and they now merely ask that, this Government
shall keep faith with its contractors—keep faith
with its private citizens, with those who have
invested their private funds to build a great
work in the success of which the Government
was supposed to be greatly interested. Look-
ing at, this subject as I do I cannot vote other-
wise than in favor of this bill.
Mr. PATTERSON,ofNew Hampshire. Mr.
President, in 1860, when the proposition was
introduced into the House of Representatives
to authorize the Union Pacific road, eastern
