1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
599
which located its line up to the one hundredth
meridian at the point fixed by the President.
Their purpose was to go on the Pacific rail-
road and be a branch of the Pacific railroad,
r.ot to be a branch of a railroad running up the
Smoky Hill, which is no part of the Pacific
railroad at all, but a new railroad—a railroad
which is running directly west.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 -do not understand the facts
to be as stated by the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin.
Mr. I)00LITTLE. The map shows it, I
think, very clearly.
Mr. CONKLING. On the contrary, if the
l>onorable Senator from Kentucky will pardon
we for a moment, the eastern division Pacific
r-ailway runs now to the town of Sheridan, and
perhaps it has reached twelve miles beyond,
to Fort Wallace. That, as the map shows, and
ss everybody who has passed over the road
knows, is m the direction by the best route of
attaining a union with the Union Pacific rail-
road.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. At what poirft?
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will restrain
his impatience I will endeavor to inform him
at what point.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am not impatient.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me make my state-
ment. The papers on file in the Interior
Department show that the eastern division
selected this route on which they are located
in preference to the other because of more tim-
ber and fuel, but especially because it was one
hundred and thirty-four miles shorter to reach
the very destination of which we are speaking.
The Senator from Wisconsin asks, where will
it attain the Union Pacific railroad ? I will
endeavor to tell him where. It is proceeding
mp the Smoky Hill fork. It has reached Sheri-
dan, and perhaps Port Wallace. Its route is
to Cheyenne Wells, as fixed by a bill which has
passed this body. From there the route is
down the valley of the Cherry creek to Denver,
s,nd Denver is about one hundred miles from
the City of Cheyenne, which is one of the sta-
tions on the Union Pacific railroad; and Den-
ver is made a point under the act of 1806, and
not only so, but under other acts and under
various actions taken by all these parties in
interest.
Niw, sir, subsidy or no subsidy, from the
City uf Denver to the City of Cheyenne a road
is to be built as certain as destiny and progress
in that region ; so that the only link to be
supplied to-day is between Fort Wallace and
Denver. That is not a long road ; and it is the
shortest space of country which can be tra-
versed either between Fort Riley or any point
west of Fort Riley, and the best possible con-
nection with the Union Pacific railroad, which
the honorable Senator from Kentucky denom-
inates the Omaha branch. Then there has
been no diversion even if the eastern division
should be able at some future time to make
Santa F6, and proceeding on to unite with a
road which luvs a charter far below San Fran-
ci-srn on (lie other side, because nevertheless
iron would be laid, and continuous iron as it
is hound to be, from Sheridan to Denver and
thence to Cheyenne.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. From Denver to a con-
ception? Will the honorable Senator now
five us the route? From Denver where are
j or going to strike the Pacific railroad?
Mr. CONKLING. Which one; the Union
U Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Has the Senator ever
been there?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have been at Denver.
Mr. CONKLING. Thenif the Senator has
been there lie is familiar with the stage route
from Denver to Cheyenne, which is driven, as
he knows, now in a good deal less than twenty-
four hours.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Cheyenne is this side
of Denver. I am talking about going beyond
Denver.
Mr. CONKLING. I am-surprised that the
honorable Senator should saythat Cheyenne
is this side of Denver. If hu will look at the
time-table of the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany he will find that Cheyeaneison itsroute,
a town of twenty-seven thousand inhabitants,
which, like Jonah's gourd, sprung up almost
in a night.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I supposed the Senator
was referring to Cheyenne Wells, a point to
which the eastern division road is to go, as the
Sehator says.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator ask
me the route from Cheyenne Wells to Denver?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I can very well see that
there may be a line from Denver to Cheyenne.
Cheyenne is a point on the Union Pacific rail-
road ; but what is the distance, and in what
direction is it?
Mr. CONKLING. Why, sir, it is a route
w-hich runs from Denver to Burlington, taking
the first ^considerable place, and right on north-
west by a route which nature has graded not
only tor stage-coaches but for railroads, to the
City of Cheyenne. I passed over a large part
of the way in the night, although a very bright
moonlight night, in a -stage-coach, and the
horses went on and ran a considerable part of
the way. The prairie rolled a little at times,
but I believe only twice to any extent; and we
passed one river where there was a slight de-
scent in reaching the bridge by which we passed
it, a remarkable level belt of country, over
which Wells, Fargo & Co. drive their stages
twice every twenty-four hours. That is the
route.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I only asked the hon-
orable Senator the direction. How many miles
north of Denver is Cheyenne?
Mr. CONKLING. I believe the surveys will
show that the best route for a railroad between
those termini would be about one hundred and
nine or one hundred and ten miles in length.
I think that is the distance as it was stated to
me by the drivers of the coaches and by the
residents there.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In what direction—
north, south, east, or west?
Mr. CONKLING. In a northwest direction.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 think it is about time for
me to claim the floor again.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the interpella-
tion between the honorable Senators has satis-
fied me that I was right in the conception that
the change of the route of the eastern division
railroad from the Republican fork to the Smoky
Hill fork was simply a change of the location
of a short section of the Union Pacific railroad
east, and was not intended to reach a new and
a distant southwestern terminus at all. If I
understand the project of the Union Pacific
railroad it is this : there are two divisions, one
west coming from the Pacific ocean or its
waters east, and the other proceeding from the
Missouri river west to unite with the western
branch. I do not understand that the change
to the Smoky Hill route has at all altered the
purpose of the managers of those two joint
roads in forming a union between the eastern
and the western divisions. On the contrary I
understand that the change from the Repub-
lican fork to the Smoky Hill valley will lessen
the distance one hundred and thirty-five miles,
and that in addition to that it furni shes much
more of timber to apply to the use of ties in
constructing the road, and goes through acoal
region that.will enable it to get the fuel to pro-
pel the engines.
Now, Mr. President, if we are to consider
equities h^re we must consider the equities in
all of their bearings. If what is now termed
the central branch company have been diverted
from their purpose of uniting with a road that
was to run up the Republican fork, they have
received some equivalents, and what are those
equivalents ? First, they get upon a common
line, between the Pacific ana the Atlantic
waters, of this railroad that is one hundred and
thirty-five miles shorter than the line which was
held out to them and which they say they have
b0en disappointed in not having reached by
reason of the change of route to the Smoky
Hill fork. Then it furnishes the main line
with the necessary timber to-construct it in the
formation of ties, and it furnishes an indefinite
supply of coal for the purpose of propelling the
engines along the'eommon road, and of course
along; all -the branch roads that may umte
with it.
Then, _Mr. President, I thinfethatthe equiva-
lents which the present company are to receive
in a distance shortened one hundred and thirty-
five miles, in the material for supplying the ties
to construct the road, and in the faei for the
running of the engines, ought to compensate
them, and more than compensate them, for the
additional distance they will have to run their
road to unite with the eastern division of the
Pacific railroad along the Sm-oky Hill line. But
if I am mistaken in that, what would be the
consequence? The honorable Senator from
New York, who has investigated this subjects©
thoroughly and who understands it so well,
says that there are two or three points ailong
the Smoky Hill route where this Central Branch
railroad may unite with it within a distance of
thirty-five miles. Then what is all this .pother
and complaint on the part of the present cen-
tral'branch company ? That the change to the
Smoky Hill route has given them an addition
of at the utmost thirty-five miles to unite with
that route; and uniting with that route they
will have one hundred and thirty-five miles less
of railroad to run either east or west, and they
will have the facilities of timber to construct
the road and coal to propel their engines. The
utmost that could be claimed by that company
upon the most latitudinious construction of
their equity arising under the legislation and
the location of these two branches would be
this: that Congress ought to give them an
equivalent to enable them to reach the Smoky
Hill line of road within the distance of thirty-
five miles. The equity they ask in the form of
this bill is enormously greater than that. Are
they entitled to any such equity? I maintain
not; and I meet gentlemen upon their own
facts and their own principles of equity grow-
ing out of those facts. Congress never held
out to the presentcentral branch company any
inducements or facilities for uniting with the
Omaha branch. That is not the representa-
tion. That is not their complaint. Their com-
plaint is, that the road on the Republican fork
was transferred by the directory of the eastern
division a little further south, and that instead
of being allowed to unite with the eastern
division in the valley of the Republican fork,
they have been thrown over into the Smoky
Hill valley. If they ware disposed to ask
nothing but equity, and even liberal equity, all
they could ask would be some aid from Con-
gress to enable them to reach that road in the
Smoky Hill valley, to which it has been trans-
ferred. The present bill, though, being for
entirely different purposes, to unite with a
different road, and at an enormously great
cost, it does not commend itself to my mind
on any equity whatever, and I therefore shall
vote against it.
Mr. CiiAGlN. I desire to say just a word
or two iu reply to the Senator from Kentucky.
The Senator from Kentucky, and the Senator
from New York also, have argued this ques-
tion as though the central branch might with
perfect propriety and without any great incon-
venience unite with the eastern division in its
route up the Smoky Hill foik. Now those Sen-
ators ought to know, and I presume do know,
that it is no purpose of the eastern division to
ever unite with the Union Pacific railroad.
When they came here and got permission to
turn their route from the Republican fork up
the Smoky Hill fork, it was for the purpose,
and tho only purpose, of making theirs an in-
dependent line to the Pacific ocean. They
meairt to go through New Mexico. They had
General Palmer, now the Governor of Illinois,
surveying through New Mexico and making
reports upon the subject. It is not the pur-
pose to-day of the eastern division-ever to unite
with the Union Pacific, if they can&void it. It
