the .eoivr&rffissiomi/ mom.
January
'i
is.true tbat.in all human.probability there will
be a railroad built tbrougb Colorado from Chey-
ephe Wells to Cheyenne-at some time by pri-
vate-corporations, and-the Union Pacific may
in that way be connected with the eastern divis-
ion; but the eastern division proper .mean, if
it is possible, to continue their line as an inde-
pendent line through to California, and that is
the reason the central branch have no wish to
connect with them. They wish to connect with
the Union. Pacific road, which .they had ft right
to do under the original legislation. They dp
notwish_to.be put on to-the eastern division
now, which is aiming through New Mexico,
and to await the events \yhich must transpire
before that road can be built. There is where
the trouble is, and the only trouble.
Mr. DAVIS. Does the honorable Senator
state that the eastern division of the Pacific
railroad as located along the Smoky Hill fork
does not contemplate a-union with the western
division of the Pacific railroad?
Mr. CBAGIN. I state that the eastern divis
ion company wish theirs to be an independent
road, and mean to have it so if possible. I know
that fact.
Mr. DAVIS. Myunderstandingis-that Den-
ver and the City of Cheyenneare in the line of
these roads, and that the Smoky Hill branch
contemplates* a union that will take them both
to the cities of Denver and Cheyenne. Ac-
cording to my understanding that is ,one of
the great objects of the men who manage , the
eastern division at'the Pacific railroad. I have
no doubt that those objects will be secured by
a line of railroad connecting the section that
runs through the Smoky Hill valley on to Den-
ver, aud on to the City of Cheyenne. If that
be so, all this central branch company, as it
is termed, desire—all it can ask in good faith—
is to have the privilege of uniting on that line
of railroad.
Mr. CliAG-IN. I understand I was mis-
taken in saying that the General Palmer who
made the surveys to which 1 referred is now
Governor of Illinois. X had an impression
that lie was the same person, but I now under-
stand it was General Palmer of St. Louis.
I will say but a word further. When the
eastern division company came here in 1806
and got permission to turn their line up the
Smoky Hill fork, they did not want any condi-
tion put upon the bill that they should unite at
all with the Union Pacific railroad; but the
chairman of the Pacific iia-ilroud Committee,
seeing or mistrusting what they were aiming at
in that bill, secured the insertion of a provision
that they should unite with the Union Pacific
railroad at a point not more than fifty miles
west ol the meridian of Denver. They accepted
that, because thoy could not get the bill with-
out it, meaning at the sauie time never to make
any union there, but to go on through New
Mexico as an independent line. 1 know from
talking with the ollicers of that road that that
is their purpose now, if they can get Congress
to aid thorn. If they should tail in that, ulti-
mately they may be compelled to unite at
Cheyenne through Colorado ; but they do not
mean to do it,
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I have been
precluded from earlier offering any remarks on
this bill by the fact of my having been paired
with the Senator from Minnesota, [Mr. Raji-
sby ; j but his recent rel urn removes that dis-
ability, and I am, therefore, at liberty to offer
a few words in relation to it for the considera-
tion of the Senate.
It seems to me that this bill will in no sense
facilitate the great object the Government had
m view m offering subsidies to railroad com-
panies. _ The great aim was to facilitate com-
munication between the Atlantic and Pacific
oceans. This bill will not contribute, sofaras
X can see, to this great end; and-there is, there-
fore, as much propriety, or nearly as,much, in
granting a subsidy to any road withig aoy other
State than Kansas or Nebraska as in granting
aid to this road. ,
When the bill for the eonstructioa of a Pacific
iftilroad was first considered there was great
contention as to where the ■ te nlinu& - at this
end should.be.; -jand it finally resulted'in rec-
Ogn.izing some .four separate termini' for -that
great road on the eastern end. The Sionx City
branflh was one claiming assistance from the
General Government. The Omaha claimed
9,98iista>nce; the Hannibal and St. Joseph road,
of which this road is the successor, claimed as-
sistance and-the Kansas road proper claimed
assistance. In order that this great measure
might pass. Congress, in order to allay oppo-
sition, these "foQr separate branches were sub-
sidised by the General Government. It was,
however, as I aoi informed, for I was not a
member of .Googress at that time, a pretty
clear understanding that this Hannibal and St.
Joseph road should receive but one hundred
miles of subsidy for so much aid as it might give
to this grand scheme for a Pacific railroad.
This much was-conceded to it with an under-
standing, as I supposed, that it should join
either of the great branches of the work, either
the Union Pacific railroad or the railroad
known as the eastern division or Kansas bran ch.
We are now told that their plans have been
in some measure thwarted by the permission
given by Congress to the railroad known as
the eastern division -to change the lino that
they originally selected from one which was to
connect with the Union Pacific rail road a.t or this
side of the one hundredth meridian of west
longitude, and run up the Smoky Hill fork ; and
this -claim .is put upon the ground that the
Government is to regard itself as the insurer
of this Hannibal and St. Joseph road or its
successors against any loss from such action
of Congress. They may have an equitable
claim for some assistance ; and I recognize an
equitable ciaim before Congress as equal to
any other; but see to what extent we are in-
suring them. We are asked now not to enable
them to join one or the other ol' these roads
at the nearest point, but to accord them
§2,400,000 more of bonds. It is better, in my
judgment, that >ve shou'd take off their hands
the whole concern, pay them all their expend-
itures of every nature whatsoever, and let the
road go to destruction, if it must, rather than
we should pay this enormously large additional
sum to the $1,COO,000 which have already been
paid.
Mr. President, I do not know where the
nearest point of connection of this road i3 to
one ol the others, nor do I care how many
miles of railroad will be required to make such
connection. It is sufficient for me to know that
they have received this large aid, which to me
seems more like a gratuity, at the outset, of
$1,000,000—more like a concession to a rail-
road company within a State than so much
donation to facilitate the construction of a road
to the Pacific.
I am quite willing, Mr. President, to vote for
any measure that will facilitate communication
across this continent; and I am not content
with one line of railroad across. We are hap-
pily approaching the time when one grand road
will be completed, but that, I am sure, will be
found insufficient. I at the same time believe
every effort put forth j)y the Government, and
every reasonable expenditure that the Govern-
ment chooses to make to facilitate communica-
tion between the two oceans, will be a judicious
and wise expenditure ; but I cannot say that
the bill now before the Congress will tend in
that direction at all, or is more than aiding a
railroad within a State.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mob-
rill, of Vermont, in the chair.) Thequestion
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Oregon, [Mr. Corbett.]
Mr.- CONKLING. Before -the immediate
point passes fr.om the attention of the Senate
which was suggested by the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Cragin.] I wish to state one
fact., I understood him to confront-the Sen-
ator from Kentucky by saying that the east-
ern division did-.not intend to go to the Union
X (icific road, but .to make an independent route
of its -.own southerly to,the Pacific ocenn. It
i^otf-;, a,eonse(pence what corporation awns
the road or-the links of road which e
continuous .track by which the claimants,
go to the Union' Pacific railroad. - The-eflste#}
division has now gone to Sheridan on Fori Wal-
lace. A railroad company is flrganized; (and
that fact has beeit overlooked by the Senator
from Wisconsin who interrogated me) to con-
struct a road from Denver to Cheyenne. Not
only so, the road is graded all the Way, and as
I am told since this debate-arose by a very ex-
cellent authority, a railroad man and a man of
science, who has recently been th,ere and knows
all about it, one half the ties are.already out and,
the foad is to be completed in a very short time
frotn the City of Cheyenpeto the City of Denver.
In addition to that, a bill has been passed -by
the Senate, which -I hold in my hand, turning
over to the Denver and Pacific Railroad Com-
pany the lands lying along their route. Thus
we have the assurance of a road and its recog-
nition by the Senate -and aid extended to itv
Now, the only.remaining link to-day to be sup-
plied js between Denver and Fort Wallace^
That is a short line, and, as every Senator
knows who is familiar with-the topography! of
the country, a naturally graded one. The
Smoky Hill river runs until it becomes invisi-
ble, is lost in the sands, but still they wiHtell
you the current is running under the sands,It
runs until you reach that depression cause-dby
the valley of Cherry creek; so that there,is-a
natural grade from Fort Wallace to the City oi
Denver, with no -cuts, no tunnels, no impedi-
ments interposed fay nature beyond the neces-
sity of bridging a few trivial streams.
Now, Mr. President, it will not do for ai^y
Senator to vote for this bill and excuse hims^jf
by saying that the eastern division is trying to
go to the Pacific ocean. Let the eastern
division go where it pleases; the iron is on the
ground to Fort Wallace; the iron is to be,on
the ground from Denver City to Cheyenne'
City; and that is one of the stations where the
Union Pacific railroad runs daily now with its
trains. Thus the only link to be supplied.is
between Fort Wallace and Denver—a link cer-
tain to be supplied although the eastern division
Pacific railway should be dissolved as an organ-
ization to-day. Thus the Senator from -Ken-
tucky is quite right in. saying that; the central
branch have their connection simply trans-
planted from one fork of the Kaw river to the
other fork, on which fork it becomes one hun-
dred and thirty-four miles less in distance iu
order to attain Denver.
Confessedly, according to this sworn map,
and every other map, as they have laid their
road, one hundred miles from St. Joseph would
not have carried them within sixty-five miles
of a connection on the Republican fork. As
they have counted their one hundred miles,
starting froni Atchison, and thus gaining
twenty-one miles, still forty-five miles of dist-
ance at least, as the railroad runs, is left as an in-
terval between their present western terminus
and that point on the Republican fork where
they say they wished to touch the eastern
division. The committee reporting this bill
states in the report that it is over fifty milesin
a straight line. I think that is an exaggera-
tion. A straight line would reach it before;
but taking the curvatures necessary to this
road, and shown in the projected route of the
road, forty-five miles would not cover the space
to be traversed between their present western
terminus and the road-bed which they say
should have been occupied by the eastern
division on the Republican fork.
Now, then, take the statement of the honor-
able Senator from Kansas, that it is forty-two
miles from the present existing terminus to
hort Riley, and then they gain -unquestionably
m distance if without.any subsidy or aid what-
ever they turn their road southerly and make
the. present connection. The forty-five or fifty
miles (be the distance what it may) which now
exist between -the terminus and the Repub-
lican fork, they must have traversed themseiVes
at their own expense originally. Whe , Vy
going a lesa distance,.bearing moreto the south,
they,fiadja #Sftftne<!iiQn,,is-^o4th©ir«qttity more
