1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
601
than answered by the superiority of the route
and its greater brevity? if not, why not? No
Senator lias vouchsafed an answer, I believe,
to that inquiry.
Mr. President, one single further suggestion.
The honoiable Senator from Iowa and the hon-
orable Senator from Kansas, iuadvertently, no
doubt, but ingeniously if it had been inten-
tional, attributed to me a reference in the Globe
to a vote upon the proportion to substitute
fifty miles for one hundred miles in the bill
giving the right of extension to the Hannibal
and St. Joseph Railroad Company. I did not
refer at all to that amendment. I referred to
the vote taken and the debate had upon an
amendment of two words only, although very
significant words, " via Atchison." I have the
bound volume of the Globe here to produce if
the Senator doubts it. I say upon that amend-
ment arose the question whether these claim-
ants should be permitted to proceed westerly
as they have done—they have proceeded north-
westerly in truth—or whether they should be
restricted to a direction far southerly of west
so as to make their union with the eastern
division east of the meridian of Fort Iiiley.
That was the amendment to which I referred;
that was the amendment to which the then
Senator from Kansas, Mr. Lane, spoke when
he said "This means Topeka, and I am willing
to vote for it in that way;" and upon that
remark, with that explanation, the vote was
taken, the vote being two to one, and both Sen-
ators from Kansas supporting tliatamendment.
The fifty-mile amendment was an entirely
different thing, and arose in this way: if the
one hundred miles were to be counted from
St. Joseph it was not too far in round num-
bers. If, however, the Platte county road which
was twenty-one miles in length between St.
Joseph and Atchison was to be adopted, and
the one hundred miles started at the southern
end of that road, to wit, twenty-one miles
from St. Joseph, then of course the distance
would be different. Mr. Clark stated that his
purpose was to move an amendment, making
it fifty miles from Atchison, which would have
been seventy-one miles in all. In place of
that amendment prevailing the language was
left to stand as we find it, " one hundred miles
from St. Joseph, Missouri," which would have
allowed them, going to Topeka, a subsidy of
seventy-one or seventy-two or seventy-three
miles—without being precise—but " one hun-
dred miles" was left in as being abundantly
large in round numbers to enable them to go
from St. Joseph to the proposed connection
with the eastern division.
Now, my point is—and there is no answer
to it, I submit, upon the record and the lan-
guage of the law by any interpretation what-
ever—that they were to find a connection within
one hundred miles from St. Joseph, and all
sense and reason and geography show us that
that connection within one hundred miles was
impossible by more than sixty miles if it was to
be sought by the-route and direction which they
took. Ergo, it follows, not only in equity, but
in law, strictly, honestly, substantially, and not
technically, that these beneficiaries should have
gone where they were permitted to go with
their one hundred miles in some direction which
would have enabled them, within the one hun-
dred miles, to gain the connection which was
allotted to them. In place of that they chose
to turn their progress far toward the north pole,
not to run southwest, nor even, west, but north
of west, so that the expiration of the one hun-
dred miles, even counted from Atchison, left
them an unironed and unspanned interval which
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad think
was over fifty miles in a direct line.
That is the proposition ; and I submit with
great deference it is a proposition which has
not been answered in this debate, wnich can-
not be answered from the record or the lan-
guage of the law. Therefore. I concur with
the honorable Senator from Kentucky in his
conclusion ; and I go further, and say that if
they build a road the distance stated by the
honorable Senator from Kansas, from their
present western termination to Junction City,
Fort Riley,.Manhattan, wherever he pleases to
make the connection, that distance will be less
by a number of miles than the construction of
roads originally necessary to enable themselves
to gain the connection which they insist they
have lost.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the hon-
orable Senator from New York affirms that the
central branch was bound to form its connec-
tion with the eastern division within the limit
of one hundred miles, and insists that this
objection, ashc calls it, has not been and can-
not be answered. I do not propose to answer
that objection myself merely, but I shall read
from the statute itself, and let the Senate
judge whether the statute be or be not an
answer to that question. Section thirteen of
the act of 1862, so often referred to, answers
it. It declares—
"That the Hannibal and St. Joseph Railroad Com-
pany of Missouri may extend its road from St. Joseph
via Atchison, to connect and unite the road through
Kan;-a:-."
Without prescribing any limit whatever
within which that connection may be formed,
it gives it the right to form the connection
absolutely and without limitation. At the same
time it proceeds and declares " that in no event
shall lands or bonds be given to said company
as herein directed to aid in the construction of
their said road for a greater distance than one
hundred miles." The subsidy extended ex-
actly one hundred miles—that distance, no
more, no less. But the same statute in the
same breath declares that this branch, now
known as the central branch, shall have the
right to form a connection with the eastern
division or Kansas branch.
I think, sir, the statute has answered the
gentleman's objection; I will not assume to
answer it. At the same time I must be allowed
to express my surprise at so broad a declara-
tion in the very teeth of the statute.
A word further, sir. The Senator says to
this company,'' Why not proceed and form your
connection with the eastern division by divert-
ing your line to the southwest and forming the
connection about forty miles to the south, and
pursue your traffic with the eastern division
on its route out to Cheyenne Wells?" This,
sir, is very cold comfort to the complaining
! company. Sir,whentheactof 1SG2 was passed,
as the Senator from New York knows, or may
know if he will examine the facts, the eastern
division had already mapped its route to the
northwest up the Republican fork. That fact
is recognized in the statute itself, in the ninth
section, as I have stated before ; recognized by
Congress as the route up which the eastern
division was to pass. As early as June, 18G5,
tlie eastern division filed a map of its route,
and the lands upon it were withdiawn from
market by direction of the Secretary of the
Interior. I hold in my hand a memorandum
which I took from the books of the Department
of the Interior on the subject, in which it is
said:
"The Union Pacific Railroad Company, eastern
division, June 3(1,186,), filed in the Interior Depart-
ment a map defining the general route of its road
from a point on the lino dividing the Slates ot Kan-
sas and Missouri to Fort Riloy, and from thence up
■ the Republican to the one hundredth meridian."
! That was the status of legislation and of
action upon this subject at the time of the pas-
! sage of the act of 3d July, 1SG6, allowing the
eastern division to deflect to the southwest and
go up the Smoky Hill fork. It was with ref-
erence to this map already laid down and filed
in the office of the Interior Department that
the present company mentioned in this bill,
the central branch company, proceeded to
build its line of road and^ to invest its money.
It was under the expectation and the assurance
of the Government that it should form a con-
nection with the main stem ot the Union Pa-
cific railroad up the valley of the Republican
fork, and not up the valley of the Smoky Hill.
There, sir, is the gist of this whole question,
that we have taken by our legislation from
this company the right which they previously
possessed of forming a connection with the
eastern division on its way up the Republican
fork, and thence to a junction with the main
stem of the Omaha branch. That right has
been rendered entirely valueless to them by
allowing the eastern division to pass up the
Stnoky Hill fork.
On the 4th of March, 18G6, the eastern divis-
ion again filed a mapshowmg the definite loca-
tion of its road. It was filed by the company
in the office of the Secretary of the Interior,
and the lands along its entire length were with-
drawn from market. That was as early as the
4th of March, 18fc>6, nearly a year after the
filing of the first map which I have mentioned.
The filing of these maps, the legislation
which took place here with reference to the
status of these lines at the time, furnish the
ground of equity for which this company now
contends. They had a right to go up the Re-
publican fork to form a connection with the
eastern division on that route, and it was never
contemplated until the legislation of July 8,
18G6, that the eastern division would be per-
mitted to deflect its line off in the direction
of the Smoky Hill fork. There is the disap-
pointment to this company : there is our failure
to keep the assurance which we had given to
this company in our previous legislation.
The honorable Senator makes an allusion to
the report of the committee on this subject as
to the distance between the present terminus
of the completed line of the central branch and
the old line of the eastern division on its way
up the Republican. The language of the report,
which the Senator did not see fit to read, is as
follows :
"From the point where the central branch now
terminates to the old loute of the eastern division on
the Republican fork is in a direct line about fifty-
miles; but tbecentral branch company havenotfiicd
a map of their route over this intervening- space."
How the honorable Senator has ascertained
that that distance instead, of being about fifty
miles, as the committee state in their report,
is over sixty miles, is more than I am able to
answer. Perhaps he has visited even that
locality, and by the help of chain-men and ax-
men and other assistants, such as surveyors
have in the woods, he has taken the pains to
run out the exact distance of that interval.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. I made no such state-
ment as the Senator puts in my mouth, I beg
to say to him. I stated that if the one hun-
dred miles had begun at St. Joseph, as the law
said, in place of Atchison, it would have been
over sixty miles. That was my statement:
not that it was that distance, counting from
Atchison.
Mr. HOWARD. I understood the Senator
to say that the distance from the terminus of
the present completed line of this road, a geo-
graphical point easily ascertained, to the whole
route of the eastern division up the Repub-
lican, fork was sixty miles, or more than sixty
miles. Now, sir, I do not know, nor did the
committee who made this report know, what
that exact distance was. We arrived at it by
counting the townships upon the maps of the
public surveys as well as we could. I under-
stand, however, from persons who pretend to
know accurately, that that distance falls far
short of fifty miles ; that, it is not more than
ten or twelve miles. How accurate my in-
1 formation may be I do not know. It is not
material, however,^ to this question. Be it
greater or smaller, it was the right of the com-
pany to pass over this intervening space from
the end of its hundred miles of subsidy and
construct its road so as to connect with the
route of the eastern division on its way up the
Republican fork. That right, by our legisla-
tion, as I have often remarked, has been taken
I away. The company no longer enjoys this
privilege under the law, as decided by the Sec-
retary of the Interior; and it is to make the
law such as it was manifestly intended to be
by the act of 18G4, that is, to give this central
branch company the right to construct the
unconstructed line of another branch, that this
bill is now brought before Congress.
I hope, Mr. President, Senators will pardon
