602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
me for the suggestion, but I really hope that
we shall now come to a vote on this bill. I
think it has been discussed sufficiently to
enable every Senator to understand its merits.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon, [Mr. Corbett.]
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President 
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator from Ore-
gon will pardon me a moment, I wish to ask
my honorable friend from Michigan a question
for information. I should like to inquire from
feim, as chairman of the committee, who can
inform us undoubtedly, at what date it was that
this central branch company under whatever
name it may then have operated first filed its
map and location for this line of road?
Mr. HOWARD. I am not able to state with
precision at what time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do not the papers you
have show?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it was the 4th of
March, 1860.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do I understand my friend
from Michigan that that is specifically the time;
in the spring of 1866—March, 1866?
Mr. HOWARD. I think so, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is a matter possibly
of considerable consequence.
Mr. HOWARD. It might have been earlier;
it is not material, however.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If I understand it, then,
the first step of this company was taken in
March, 1866; just about the time the bill was
introduced to make the change of the other
line.
Mr. HARLAN. I have in my hand a copy
of a map of the general location of the Atchi-
son arid Pike's Peak railroad, now called the
Central Branch Union Pacific railroad, filed in
the Department of the Interior January 27,
1868.
That you speak of as the
Mr. EDMUNDS,
general location.
Mr. HAKI;AN.
Mr. HOWARD.
Mr. COUIilOTT.
Yes; tho first filing.
Showing their intention.
Mr. President, in offering
the amendment that I proposed I was in hopes
that 1 might meet with a corresponding dispo-
sition on the pact of the^advoeates of this bill,
and that so we should meet half way. I was
desirous that wo should not increase our debt
to this extent of two and a half million dol-
lars, or thereabouts.
My proposition was to allow interest upon
$10,000 a mile for the term of thirty years;
that the Government might pay this interest
for that term, but not the principal. That, of
course, does not increase our debt, but in-
creases the revenue we must raise annually to
pay tho interest. But, Mr, President, those
who advocate this bill are not disposed to ac-
cept my amendment. From the conversations
i have had with those who advocate the bill I
am satisfied that they are determined to vote
to this road $16,000 a mile in Government
bonds, besides its large grant of land, and also
to allow the company to mortgage the road for
$16,000 a mile more, making 9>iS2,000 a mile.
It seems to me that this is asking more of Con-
gress than we should be willing to vote.
It is ray opinion that it was the duty of those
representing this road here to protest against
the divergence of the eastern division at the
time that was allowed, in such a manner that the
•Senate should understand that if that diver-
gence was allowed this branch would claim a
.subsidy for one hundred and fifty miles addi-
tional to enable it to connect with the Omaha
branch. If they had so stated to the Senate
at that time I do not believe the Senate would
have voted to allow that divergence to be made.
But, sir, it appears that a connection can be
made by the central branch with the other
road, which will ultimately connect with the
Uniou Pacific road at Cheyenne, and that a
subsidy for thirty-five or forty miles would be
sufficient for that purpose. If that other road
is going through to the Pacific coast independ-
ently, as gentlemen auggest, then this branch
would have that connection and also a con-
nection with the Union Pacific by the proposed
road from Denver to Cheyenne. So they would
have two advarltages in making a connection
with the eastern division in that event, whereas
according to this bill they will have only the
advantage of making a connection with the
Union Pacific. Certainly, then, if we allow
subsidy for a distance sufficient to enable this
branch to reach the eastern division we can-
not materially damage this company.
Mr. President, I am disposed to> vote for any-
thing within reason to assist this company to
a connection, but I am not willing to vote it
a subsidy for one hundred and fifty miles more
of road. I believe that it is necessary to guard
our national debt, and I do not mean, if we
can possibly avoid it, to issue more bonds of
the Government. I would prefer to give a
guarantee for the interest of such an amount as
we think we can afford to allow, and not issue
bonds as a gratuity to these companies.
There is a proposition before the Senate to
make a connection with the eastern division,
and an amendment to that bill has been sub-
mitted by one of the Senators from Kansas,
[Mr. Ross.] I am informed that the people
of Kansas desire such a connection. If that
is the case I do not know why it would not be
cheaper for us to give a subsidy for thirty-five
or forty miles than it would for one hundred
and fifty miles. It seems to me that in the
present condition of our Treasury it would be
wiser to do what I have suggested, but as gen-
tlemen have not met me in the same spirit in
which I offered my amendment guarantying
the interest on the bonds of the company for
one hundred and fifty miles, and as since I
have heard the able arguments of the Senator
from New York and the Senator from Ken-
tucky I am satisfied that we are not legally or
morally bound to extend the amount of aid
asked for this road, I propose to withdraw my
amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. OONKL1NG. I move to amend the bill
by striking out nil after tho enacting clause
and inserting the following:
That nothing contained in the act of Congress
approved July 3, 1866, relating to tho Union Pacific
railway, eastern division, shall deprive tho Central
Branch Union Pacific ltailroad Company, assignee
of tho Hannibal and St. Joseph Railroad Company,
of its rijjht to continue its road and telegraph line
westerly from tho termination of the one bundled
miles mentioned in tho act of Congress incorporat-
ing the Union Pacilio ltailroad Company, approved
July 1,180:2, to a connection with the Union Pacitic
Railroad Company, eastern division, as one of the
branches thereof; but said Central Branch Union
Pacific ltailroad Company shall continue its road
from tho termination of tho one hundred miles afore-
said, or fiom a point between said termination and
where said road crossos the Big Blue river, to a con-
nection with tho Union Pacific railroad at or near
Kort Kiicy, in the State of Kansas, upon tho same
tenns and conditions, in all rospccts, as are now
provided by law for the construction of the Union
Pacific railway, eastern division : Provided, That no
subsidy in United States bonds shall bo allowed to
said central branch company for any greater length
of road than forty miles from the termination of tho
one hundred miles on which bonds aro already
authorised to be issued on said line of railroad.
Mr. MORTON. I will say just a word. I
have listened here for two days to the discus-
sion of this question. I have heard nmeh
about the place where this road was to connect
with the eastern division, whether fifty or one
hundred miles from the starting point, and
much about the direction in which it should
run. I think I have heard very much that
tends to confuse the understanding of the Sen-
ate on that subject which does not at all touch
the main proposition. The simple fact is that
this road was started to connect with one of
two branches of the main stem ; that is, to con-
nect with the branch starting from Kansas City
to run northwest, or to connect with the branch
from Omaha, both of which were to unite not
further west than the one hundredth meridian.
It started upon that understanding, and ori-
ginated by the same law that authorized the
branch from Kansas City to connect with the
Omaha branch at that point. After that the
branch starting from Kansas City, thus to con-
nect with the Omaha branch, was diverted to
the southwest, and it will never make that con*
nection; and this central branch is thus left
out in the Indian country without any connec
tions at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator
why he says that the eastern division will never
make that connection ? Does not the law re-
quire it.
Mr. MORTON. No, sir; it will never make
that connection, because Congress has author-
ized it to go in another direction.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where does Congress by
law now require the eastern division to termi-
nate?
Mr. MORTON. I do not know that it re-
quires it to terminate anywhere; but it has
authorized it certainly to run in another direc-
tion, and it cannot from the point to which it
has now been built make that connection, and
is not expected to make it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does not the statute re-
quire it to connect with the regular Pacific
railroad not more than fifty or one hundred
miles west of Denver ?
Mr. MORTON. I would say to the Senator
that I know enough about the purposes of that
company to know that it does not expect to
make that connection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am speaking of the
law.
Mr. MORTON. I know of no law that
requires them to do it. If there be such a law,
I have not heard it read in this debate. '
Mr. POMEROY. There is a law to that
effect. Their purpose, however, is to go by
way of Santa Fe to Mexico.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The great question, then,
is whether the purpose of a company or the
law shall prevail.
Mr. MORTON. The whole question maybe
stated very briefly. If a road were started to be
built fromhere to thecity of Philadelphia, there
would be just as much propriety after it had
been completed one hundred miles to require
it to be built to Pittsburg. The Senator from
New York says the central branch can form a
connection with the eastern division at such a
distance ; but they did not commence building
with a view to going in that direction. They
do not want to go to New Mexico; that was
not the original purpose; but they started to
go to another point, and they have been pre-
vented from doing so.
Mr. POMEROY. With regard to this amend-
ment I wish to say'in a single word that forty-
two miles from their present terminus in an
exact right angle, going directly the way they
do not propose to go or want to go, will make
the connection, but that connection would be
ruinous to the road.
Mr. CONKLING-. Do they not want to go
to the Union Pacific road?
Mr. POMEROY. They do not want to go
to a connection at Fort Riley, where forty-two
miles would leave them. The Senator says
that is one hundred and sixty miles nearer to
Denver, but Denver is not on the Union Pacific
railroad at all.
Mr. CONKLING. Do they not want to go
to Denver?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir; they want a con-
nection with the Union Pacific railroad. Den-
ver has not got that connection. Denver is
not on that line. If there be a company au-
thorized by act of Congress to go to Cheyenne
Wells they can make a connection with it in
forty-two miles by a right angle exactly.
Mr. HOWARD. Going exactly south.
Mr. POMEROY. Certainly; but that is a
proposition suicidal. No one proposes that.
This company would not take a subsidy that
would enable them to build a road they do not
want, and that would not be of value to them
when built.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Indi-
ana tells us, evading the law a little, that he
knows euough about the purposes of the east-
ern division company to know that they do not
mean to connect with the Union Pacific. Now,
I should be glad to have the Senator inform us
whether he expects to have legislation con-
