604
Tffi GONGEESSiOKAL' GLOBE.
January 26,
less'to the south? It makes no difference, I'
sttbsiit, sir j and therefore I offer "this* aHiend-
rnetft in the-spiritofthe argument made by the
- honorable Senator from Ohio, arid -made; by'
myself at the last session as the only argumfen't
upon which we voted for the Cheyenne 'Wells
bill; I offer it in- accordance with the argu-
ment which I had'the honor to. snbiiiit yester-
day to the Senate, that this Was the' true rem-'
edy, if remedy was needed; and I hope that
Senators will vote upon it irrespective'of the
allegation that it is an afterthought' coming
out at the conclusion of the debate. ! It was a
forethought of - mine when I first investigated
this subject, and a forethought of other Sena-
tors, as the debates of the last session will
show.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to ask the
, honorable Senator from New York one ques-
tion. Do I understand hiin to say that the
Denver route down the Smoky Hill fork from
Kansas City is one hundred and thirty-four
miles less than would be a road from Kansas
City up the Republican fork to the one hun-
dredth meridian ?
Mr. CONKLING. Kansas City was never
a point on this road, and therefore I say noth-
ing about it. Precisely what I say is this 
Mr. HENDRICKS. Kansas City is the ter-
minus.
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir; I beg the hon-
orable Senator's pardon. Kansas City is hot
a point on the claimants' road. Now let -'me
repeat, in answer to the honorable Senator
from Tennessee, that tbo papers on file in the
Department of the Interior show that com-
mencing at Port Riley or Junction City and
proceeding to Denver, on a connection with the
Union road, it is one hundred and thirty-four
miles shorter to proceed by way of the Smoky
Hill routethan by way of the Republican route,
and that, the Senator will find assigned by the"
president of the Eastern Division Railway
Company as the great reason which led them
in February, 1866, to file their map transplant-
iR7. if.T may so say, their route from the Re-
publican fork to the Smoky Hill foflc. The
presence of timber ,aud fuel had something to
do with it,- but the great fact was that it ab-
breviated the distance by one hundred and
thirty-four miles between Port Riley and the
western destination of the road.
Mr, HOWARD. What is the western des-
tination of the road?
Mr. CONKLING. It i3 for this purpose
Denver, or a connection with the Union Pa-
cific road, not more than fifty miles west of
the meridian of Denver, the propositions be-
ing precisely the same in reference to this dis-
tance.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
1 he motion was agreed to; there being on
a division-ayes 27, noes 23; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 26, IB69.
The House met at twelve o'clock Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynion.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
SPECIE PAYMENTS. "
Mr. LYNCH. T'now call up my motion to
reconsider the vote by which House bill No.
1361, to provide for the gradual resumption of
specie payments, was recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency.
The question was upon the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. LYNCH, f ask unanimous consent of
the House that this subject shaM'be postponed
until after the morning hour of to-da^, with
the understanding that at the expitettoh of the
morning hour I shall be entitled torthe'-floorto
call up again this motion to reconsider.'-* I do
this in order not to interfere with tbe mirniftg
hour.
No objection was made; and the motion to
postpone was accordingly agreed to. •
' 'WtltBCT VAXES IN '80tFTHERN STMKBS; ' "
' 'Mr. HEATON,byunanimouscohsent,intro-
duced "U*'bilF(H'. R; No. i'800) to amend the
eighth' section of an act entitled " An act to
provid'eincr'eased reventie from imports, to pay"
the interest on the public debt, and for other
purpose's," approved August 5^ 1861; which
was-r.ead" a first.and second time, referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider bo laid on the'
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WAGON-ROADS TO INDIAN RESERVATIONS.
On motion of Mr. PARNSWORTH, the
Com mi ttee on the Post Office and Post Roads, by
unanimous consent, were discharged from the
further consideration of the memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Minnesota in rela-
tion to the survey and construction of two
wagon-roads to Indian reservations on the
north shore of Lake Superior; and the same
was referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
MEMPHIS AND EL PASO RAILROAD.
On motion of Mr. FARNSWORTH, the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
hy unanimous consent, were discharged from
the further consideration of House bill No.
1014, to aid the Memphis, El Paso, and Pa-
cific Railroad Company of Texas in the con-
struction of a railroad and line of telegraph
from the Mississippi river to the Pacific .ocean,
and to secure to the Government of the Uni-
ted States the use of the same for postal, mili-
tary, and other purposes; and the same was
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
roadl
Mr. WASHBUENE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the votes last taken ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IOWA WAR CLAIMS.
Mr. GARFIELD. I rise to what may be
considered a correction of the Journal. An
entry was made on the Journal several weeks
ago to the effect that on motion of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Washbubne] the bill
in relation to the war claims of the State of
Iowa was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. The fact was, as I think every
gentleman will admit, that the bill was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, I ask
unanimous consent that that change be now
made.
No .objection was made ; and the reference
of the bill was made accordingly.
ORDER 01? BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The< morning hour has
now commenced, and the first business in order
is the call of committees for reports, commenc-
ing with the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
PENSION LAWS.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill (H. R. No.
1082) relating to the operations of the pension
laws, and for other purposes, with a recom-
mendation that the same do pass. ■"
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that hereafter no claim of a widow
for a pension or bounty on account of the ser-
vice and death of her husband shall be allowed,
nor shall payment of such pension heretofore
allowed be continued in any cage 'when the
widow is a non-resident of the United States,
and has for five consecutive years immediately
preceding his death lived separate and apart
from him, and without receiving from him any
support. - ;
The second seeticm provides that upon the
presentation:' of satisfactory evidence to the
Commissioner of Pensions any female pen-
sioner is living a life of prostitution, or is
cohabiting with, or living with,.or, be'iDg sup-'
pfcrted by any man as -"Ms wife or infetresg, to
whom she is not lawfully married, he shall
irn'mediately notify such pensioner or her agent
of the charge or charges preferred against her,
by furnishing her or her agent a copy of the
eha'rgeor-charges, and the-evidence il-pon which
the same is founded; and unless stieh pen-
sioner sh^U'within  months thereafter pro-
duce'Satisfaetory- rebutting evidence her name
shall be dropped from the pension-roll.
The third section provides that nothing in
section five of an act entitled '' An act sup-
plementary to the several acts relating to pen-
sions," approved June 6,1866, and section six
of an aet entitled "An act relating to pen-
sions," approved July 27, 1868, shall be so
construed as to entitle an invalid pensioner to
a pension from Mareh 3j 1865, to June'6, 1866,
who was during said time employed in the
service of the Government, as mentioned in
section one of an act entitled " An act supple-
mentary to the "several acts relating to pen-
sions," approved Mareb'3, 1866.
The fourth section provides that in all cases,
upon the death of any person to* whom a pen-
sion has been granted, and in-every case when
any person shall die while an application for a
pension is pending, all arrears due such persoa
at the time of his death shall be paid only to
such person or persons as would have beetr
entitled to a pension had such deceased person
been killed while in service and in the line of
duty, or to sueh person as the deceased may
be indebted to for care and expense during his
last sickness, including burial expenses ; pro-
vided that such arrears, if due a female pen-
sioner, shall be paid only to the children of
sueh deceased, or the person to whom the
deceased may be indebted as aforesaid.
The fifth section provides that no pension
claim now on file, or hereafter filed, unless
prosecuted to a successful issue within three
years from the date of such filing, shall be
allowed without satisfactory record evidence to
establish the same; and when so allowed it
shall commence from the date of completing
the proof.
The sixth section providesthat if any person
entitled to a pension shall, by affidavit or other-
wise, having guilty knowledge thereof, aid in
procuring or attempting to procure any fraud-
ulent claim upon the Government, or know-
ingly aid in the preparation of any fraudulent
paper, or present or cause to be presented such
fraudulent paper, to procure the allowance or
payment ofatiy such claim, his or her right to
sueh pension shall be forfeited ; provided that
the forfeiture of the pension shall be only for
the lifetime of the original claimant, and shall
not affect the right of those who are by law en-
titled to succeed to the pension to apply there-
for from the "date of his death ; and no person
guilty of the offense specified in this section
shall be recognized as an attorney in the pros-
ecution of a claim for pension.
The seventh section provides that- whenever
it shall be discovered that any amount of arrears
°f pay, bounty, or pension has been overpaid
any claimant, either by error or by reason of
any concealment or misstatement of matter of
fact on the part of sueh claimant, it shall be
lawful for the Second Auditor, Second Comp-
troller, or Commissioner of Pensions to with-
hold from such claimant the amount of over-
payment from any claim pending before either
of said officers, and to turn the same into the
Treasury of the United States by certificate of
deposit to the credit of the appropriation from
which the amount was paid.
The eighth section provides that the joint
resolution in reference to the collection and
paymentof moneys duecoloredsokiiers, sailors,
and marines, or their heirs, approved March
30,1867, shall be amended so to read as
follows:
That all checks, Treasury certificates, and pension
warrants hereafter .issued in settlement of claims tor
arrears of pay, bounty, priao money, pension, or other
moneys due to the colored soldiers, sailors, or marines,
or their legal representatives, residing, or who may
nave resided, in any State in which slavery existed in
the year1 0, sh^lL be made payable to the Commis-
sioner of tM'Freeffmen*   ' ""
rSpsaiSHijJbr-tfieWfreusfi
.u.'Whbshaff be held
'1 tavt'M'n! disburse-
