1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
605
ment of the funds hereby intrusted tohim; and when-
ever the claimant shall bo properly identified, and
Ins account is ready for settlement, the amount shall
be paid him in current funds and not in cheeks; and
it shall bo the duty of said Commissioner, and the
officers and agents of liis bureau, to facilitate, as lar
as possible, the discovery, mdentification, and pay-
ment of claimants, and to pay attorneys such fees as
are now prescribed by law; but in no case shall nny
allowance be made for advances or loans claimed by
any attorney.
The ninth section provides that all moneys
held or disbursed under this act shall be held
and disbursed under the same rules and regu-
lations governing other disbursing officers.
The tenth section provides that hereafter all
applications for pay, bounty, pension, prize-
money, or other moneys in behalf of colored
claimants, with the evidence necessary to the
correct settlement of the claim, shall be ren-
dered direct to the office of the Commissioner
of the Freedmen's Bureau for preliminary ex-
amination ; that the correctness of the appli-
cation, and that the party claiming is the
proper claimant, shall then be certifiedto, when
the papers shall be forwarded to the bureau to
which they pertain for examination and settle-
ment of the claim; and no claim shall be
settled upon any application now pending in
any bureau filed by attorneys ; but the attor-
neys filing them shall be required to present
new applications and submit them to the Com-
missioner of the Freedmen's Bureau, to be
examined and disposed of by him the same as
original applications, under such rules and
regulations as he may prescribe.
The eleventh section provides that all officers
and agents disffursing money or certifying the
correctness of claims under this act shall give
bond to the Treasury Department in such sum
as the Second Auditor, Second Comptroller,
and Commissioner of Pensions may direct for
the faithful performance of their trust, and for
the reimbursement of money paid upon claims
certified by them which may be ascertained to
have been paid to any party not entitled thereto ;
provided that the Secretary of the Treasury,
upon the recommendation of the Second Aud-
itor, Second Comptroller, Commissioner of Pen-
sions, and Solicitor of the Treasury may grant
relief upon the bonds in such cases as are
deemed by them equitable and just.
The twelfth section provides that all uncalled
for moneys shall be disposed of as provided in
the act approved March 2, 18G7, entitled "An
act to regulate the disposition of an irregular
fund in the custody of the Freedmen's Bu-
reau ;" and that the officers and agents giving
bonds, as provided in the preceding section of
this act, shall be allowed such additional com-
pensation, to be paid from the uncalled for
funds, as the Commissioner of the Freedmen's
Bureau, the Secretary of War, and the_Secre-
tary of the Treasury may fix and establish.
The thirteenth section provides that sections
twelve and thirteen of an act entitled "An act
supplementary to an act entitled 'An act to
grant pensions, approved July 14, 1802,' ap-
proved July 4, 1864," be, and (he same are
hereby, amended and reenaeted, as follows :
That the fees of agents and attorneys for writing
out and causing to be executed the papers necessary
to establish an original or a suspended or rejected
claim tor pension and other allowance befoie the
Pension Office (under the act of July 14, 1862, :ind all
subsequent acts granting pensions supplementary
thereto and amendatory thereof) shall not exceed
the following rates: for making out and causing to
be duly executed a declaration by the applicant,
with necessary affidavits, and forwarding the same to
the Pension Office, with the requisite correspondence,
ten dollars; which sum shall be received by such
a"cnt or attorney in full for all services in obtaining
such pension, andshall not bedemanded or received,
ill whole or in part, until the certificate for such pen-
sion shall be obtained.
It further provides that the sixth and seventh
sections of an act entitled "An act to grant
pensions,'' approved July 14, 1802, shall be
repealed. _ ...
The fourteenth section provides that_ any
agent or attorney who shall directly or indi-
rectly demand or receive any greater compen-
sation for his services than is prescribed m the
preceding section, or who shall contract or
agree to prosecute an original or a suspended
or rejected claim fcr a pension, bounty, or
other allowance, on the condition that he shall
receive a per cent, upon the amount of such
claim, or who shall wrongfully withhold from
a pensioner or other claimant the whole or any
part of the pension or claim allowed and due
to such pensioner or claimant, shall be deemed
guilty of a high misdemeanor, and npon con-
viction thereof shall, for every such offense,
be fined not exceeding $300, or imprisoned at
hard labor not exceeding two years, or both,
according to the circumstances and aggrava-
tions of the offense.
The fifteenth section provides that section
two of an act entitled "An act supplementary
to the several acts relating to pensions," ap-
proved June G, I860, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed, and the following shall stand
in iieu thereof:
That any pledge, mortgage, sale, assignment, or
transfer of any right, claim, or interest in any pen-
sion not included in the fee prescribed in the preced-
ing sections, which has been or may hereafter be
granted, shall be void and of no effect; and any person
acting as attorney to receive and receipt lor money
not included in such fee for and in behalf of any per-
son entitled to a. pension shall, before receiving said
money, take and subscribe an oath, to be filed wxtu
the pension agent, and by him to be transmitted, with
the vouchors now required by law, to the proper
accounting officcr of the Treasury, that he has no
interest in said money, not included in the lee pre-
scribed in thepreoedingseotious, byanypledge, mort-
gage, sale, assignment, or transfer, and that he does
not know or believe that the same has been so dis-
posed of to any person; and any person who shall
falsely take the said oath shall be guilty of perjury,
and, on conviction, shall be liable to the pains and
penalties of perjury.
The sixteenth section provides that all acts
and parts of acts inconsistent with the fore-
going provisions of this act be, and the same
are hereby, repealed.
Mr. PEKHAM. The Committee on Invalid
Pensions have instructed me to report sundry
amendments to this bill, which I ask may now
be considered.
The first amendment reported from the com-
mittee was in the first section, to insert the
word " pay " after the word "pension " where
it first occurs.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
word "pension," where it occurs the second
time in the first section, the words "pay or
bounty."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendmentwas to fill the blank in
the second section with the word " six."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
word "killed," in the fourth section, the words
" or died of wounds received or disease con-
tracted. "
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out all
after the enacting clause of section five of the
bill, and to insert in lieu thereof the following :
That no pension claim now on file or hereafter
filed, whether arising under a special enactment or
a general law, shall, unless prosecuted to> asuceessiul
issue within five years from the date ot such filing,
be allowed without satisfactory rccoid evidence to
establish the same: nor when so allowed alter live
vears shall it commence at a date earlier than that
ot completing the proofs necessary to establish yie
same. ^
Mr. ALLISON. I ask the chairman of th<?
, committee what is the object of this particular
i section ? It seems to be intended to cut off the
applicant from securing his pension unless lie
prosecutes his claim to a successful issue within
a certain time. Now, Idonotknow why a man
realiy entitled to a pension should be cut off in
five years, either by a regulation of the Pension
Bureau or by a statutory provision.
Mr. PERHAM. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Allison] will observe that by the amend-
ment just offered on behalf of the committee
the time is extended from three years to five
. years. If the application is not completed
I within that time it is not to bo allowed unless
record evidence shall be produced, ihere is
scarcely an instance in which an honest claim
cannot'be supported by record evidence.
Mr. ALLISON. I know a great many in-
stances in which widows and minor children
of men who perished in rebel ffrisons are liier-
ally unable to procure the kind of proof that
is now required by the Commissioner of Pen-
sions. There can be no record evidence, for
instance, of the death of a man in one of those
prisons. Therefore I do not think it rignt to
cut off this class of applicants by a limitation
of even five years.
Mr. PERHAM. Mr. Speaker, the law now
allows five years within which to file the appli-
cation ; and this amendment provides that
applicants may have five years more within
which to complete their testimony, thus giving
altogether ten years for the prosecution of the
claim. In the opinion of the committee this
is a sufficient time.
Mr. ALLISON. I should like to hearagain
the proposed substitute for section five.
The Clerk again read the amendment.
Mr. SHANKS. I would like the chairman
of the committee to explain why, in the opin-
ion of the committee, it is necessary to estab-
lish this proposed limitation ?
Mr. PERHAM. The experience of the Pen-
sion Bureau shows, what any one mightexpect,
that a very large number of spurious claims
come in when a long lapse of time has inter-
vened since the circumstances upon which the
claim is founded. People, perhaps, who would
be unwilling to certify to a particular claim
when the facts were fresh in their memory,
may, after a certain time has elapsed, and after
importunity to do so, make statements that
they would not make when the facts were fresher
in their memories. I believe the Government
has found it necessary to cnforce with regard
to all claims against it some limitation as to
the time within which such claims may be filed
and granted.
Mr. ALLISON. I see^ that the proposed
amendment applies to claims already oti file.
Now, if a claim lias been on file four years
this will give the claimant only one year in
which to complete his application, ia.img to
do which he is absolutely cut off. Such a pro-
vision might not be objectionable with refer-
ence to applications hereafter to be^ filed, be-
cause every person who may be entitled to a
pension for which he has not made application
would thus have lull notice that we intend to
establish a statute of limitations with reference
to the filing of such applications ; but I think
such a provision should not apply with refer-
ence to applications now on file in the office of
the Commissioner of Pensions.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 trust the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Pekham] will aliowme to make a
single remark. I can understand how in a cer-
tain class of cases a limitation might possibly
be required—though I doubt the propriety ot
such a requirement—as to thc^ time within
which the application may be filed. But we
have here an entirely different proposition.
It is proposed to require that applications shall
be prosecuted to a successful issue within a
limited time after they are filed; that is, after
they have gone into the hands of the depart-
ment. Thus the question whether the applicant
shijr*sver succeed in his claim is to depend
entirely upon the ability of the department to
jfaffle him until the expiration of the time fixed
in this limitation. The moment a man files his
claim he ceases to have any^ control oyer it
himself; and under this provision thedepart-
ment has the power in any case to defeat the
claim, because it depends upon the department
whether the claim shall be allowed within a
given time. The success of the claimant after
lie has filed his claim does not depend upon
himself. When he shall file his claim he may
depend upon himself; and if the proposed lim-
itation had reference to the time within which
claims shall be filed there might be some rea-
son in it; but it does not depend upon the
claimant whether his claim shall be succes.-iully
prosecuted. No matter what testimony he pro-
duces, the department is to decide in his favor
before the prosecution of the claim can be suc-
cessful, so thai the moment he files his claim
he puts himself within the statute ot limita-
tion and he has no longer any control, the
whole thing depending upon those who are
