606
T  CONGRESSIONAL' GrLQiBE
January 26,
standing, with clubs apparently, defending the
Treasury against these claims.
• Mr. PEBHAJL There would be'force in
that- objection if the pension department had
the amount of business it had some three or
four years ago. The committee is informed
that they are now disposing quite promptly of
ail the cases that come before them, and we
are of opinion that we must place some reli-
ance in that department, the same as in all
other Department? of the Government. It
will be understood that this bill limits the time
to five years, making the entire limit ten, years
from the time the right to a pension accrues.
If Congress finds that this is abused by the
department it would be very easy to extend
the time hereafter. I yield now to the gentle-
man from Missouri.
' Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Speaker, I de-ire
the House should understand the practice as
it is now under the law. We have provided
that in all cases where the application is filed
within five years the pension, if granted, shall
date back to the disability or tbe death of the
party.
Mr. MUNGEN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man if the law is not this: that if the applica-
tion is not made within eighteen months it
does not date from the time ot'the application?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The law is, as I have
stated, five years, and not eighteen months.
If the application is filed within five years of
the date of the disability or death of the party
the pension, if granted, commences at the date
of the disability or death. Now, then, as the
law stands, if the party files his application
four years and a half after the date of the dis-
ability it may run along for twenty years or
more and he may then come in and complete
the proof, which may be gathered in one way
or another by hunting throughout the country,
and establish the claim, and then the pension
commences from the date of the disability,
going back twenty-four years. It becomes
necessary, therefore, in order to guard against
frauds of this character, that some limit should
be made, and that we should say to these par-
ties, "You must exercise, at least, reasonable
diligence in obtaining the proof sufficient to
establisli your claim. You may have your
lifetime to do it in, if it is record evidence,
but if St depends upon parol evidence, which
may be gothere, there, andanywhere by shrewd
and unscrupulous pension agents, you must
bring it in within five years." Record evi-
dence cannot well be forged, but in regard to
parol -evidence the pension department have
made representation to thecommittee that fully
satisfies us that there should be some limit
■within which it should be filed in order to estab-
lish a claim.
Now, I admit that there is some force in the
argument of the.gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Allison] in the case of claims that are now
pending, and I would have no objection myself
to striking out that-class of claims now pend-
ing. There may be sorne claims standing four
-and ahalf years in which the party might notget
the evidence within the next year. TheameM
ment may be amended by striking out tha
class. But in regard to claims that come in'
hereafter I do ask the House to fix some limit.
If not, you never can have any decrease of the
amount of business at. the Pension Office It
is in fact increasing all the time. Pension claim
agents are perambulating the couutry in every
direction and hunting up many specious and
fraudulent claims, and the Government is not
represented at all in the gathering of the testi-
mony. Itisan&sparfeaffair. The Committee
on Pensions have no means of ascertaining as
to the credibility of the witnesses, nor has the
pension department. Hence it becomes neces-
sary that some limit should be fixed. We have
fixed it in the bill at five years, which, as the
chairman of the committee has stated, makes
the furthest limit of completing the proof ten
years after the date of the death or disability
from which time the pension is to accrue. '
Mr. INTGERSOLL. I desire to ask a question
with reference to the second section. As* I
Understand it, it-is&n insult to the widows, or
female pensioners, as they are termed. -
Mr. BENJAMIN. I believe that is not
under consideration now.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am directing my re-
marks, to the chairman of the committee, with
his consent.-
Mr. PERHAM. As this is another subject,
I will answer the gentleman's question at the
proper time. I wish to dispose of this ques-
tion now.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will you allow me,
when the proper time -comes, to address you
on it?
Mr. PERHAM. I will. I yield now to the
gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. PAINE. I send to the Clerk's desk a
substitute for the fifth section, as an amendment
to the amendment of the committee, which I
ask to have read, and then I wish to say a few
words upon it.
The Clerk read as follows :
That no proofs in any pension claim hereafter
filed shall be presented after the expiration of five
years from the date of the filing of this claim.
Mr. PAINE. I recognize the propriety of
the position that is taken by gentlemen on the
Committee on Pensions, that all possible dili-
gence should be required of claimants for pen-
sions ; but I also recognize the force of what
was said by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Scheme,] that we ought not to permit the Pen-
sion Office, by its own neglect, by its bwn fail-
ure to expedite the business which has been
intrusted to it, to prevent any claimant from
obtaining his'pension. It seems to me that the
plan which I propose will avoid both of these
difficulties. It will render it impossible for the
Pension Office, if the claimant is at all vigilant,
to prevent his recovering his claim, because
we give the claimant five years from the filing
of his claim to present his proofs, and on the
other hand it cats off the possibility of any
abuse on his part of this right, because we re-
quire him to present all the proofs he may have
within five years. It may be said that this may
operate as a hardship upon the claimant be-
cause he may not know what proofs will be
required in his particular case. He may sup-
pose that the proofs which he presents at the
first application, or subsequently, if he pre-
sents supplementary proofs, are sufficient, and
yet the department may not be satisfied with
them. But nevertheless we must fix some limit,
and if we require him to exercise a sounjl dis-
cretion as to the entire proof which he shall
present at his peril, as we do by this amend-
ment, it seems to- me that we shall inflict no
unnecessary hardship upon any one, and at the
same time shall allow the claimant the fullest
liberty he can expect to enjoy in the prepara-
tion and presentation of his proofs.
Mr. PERHAM. I now demand the pre-
vious question on the amendment and the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. PAINE. I would like to understand
if my amendment is pending?
The SPEAKER. It is.
The previous question was seconded and the
'am question ordered.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to lay the bill and
amendments upon the table. I think the bill
ought not to pass.
The question was put; and the House re-
fused to lay the bill on the table—ayes twenty-
seven, noes not counted.
The question recurred on the amendment to
the amendment proposed by Mr. Paise; and
being put, the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, as amended, was then
agreed to.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment, as amended, was
agreed to ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The next amendment reported- by the com-
mittee was to insert inline two of section six
after the word "pension," the words "or
bounty;" after the words "guiltyof" in lino
twelve of the same section to insert the words
"doing-or committingafter the word "at-
torney" in line fourteen to insert " or agent,"
and to strike out in line fourteen the words " a
claim for pension" and insert in lien thereof
the words " any claim^ against the Govern-
ment so that the section will read:
SBC. 6. Andbe it further enacted, That if any person
entitled to a pension or bounty shall, by affidavit or
otherwise, having guilty knowledge thereof, aid in
procuring or attempting to procure any fraudulent
claim upon the Government: or knowingly aid in the
preparation of any fraudulent paper, or present or
cause to be presented such fraudulent paper, to pro-
cure the allowanceorpaymentof anysueh claim,his
or her right to such pension shall be forfeited: Pro-
vided, That the forfeiture of the pension shall be
only for the lifetime of the original claimant, and
shall not affect the right of those who are by law
entitled to succeed to the pension to apply therefor
from the date of his death: and no person guilty of
doing or committing the offense specified in this sec-
tion shall be recognized as an attorney or agent in
the prosecution ofany claim against the Government.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
to strike out in line four of section eight the
word "thirty" and to insert in lieu thereof
"twenty-nine;" so as to correct the-date of
the approval of an act.
The amendment was agreed tb.
The next amendment reported from the com-
mittee was in section thirteen, to insert after
the words "Pension Office," where they first
occur, the words " for procuring a pension by
special act of Congress."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out of
section thirteen the following*words inclosed
in parentheses:
Under the act of July 14,1862, and all subsequent
acts granting pensions supplementary thereto and
amendatory thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add to the bill
the following section :
Sec. — And be it further enacted. That section four
of an act entitled "An act supplementary to an act
entitled An act to grant pensions,' approved July
14,1862," approved July 4,1864, be, and the same is
hereby, so amended as to empower the clerks detailed
by the Commissioner of Pensions, in accordance with
said section, to investigate any violation of the pen-
sion laws by any of the agents or employes of the
Government, or attorneys, claim agents,- examining
surgeons, or claimants: and,for such purpose to ex-
amine persons, books, papers, accounts, and prem-
ises, to administer oath's, to summon any person to
produce books and papers, or to appear and testity
under oath, and to compel a compliance with suoh
summons in the same manner as United States com-
missioners may do.
The amendment was agreed to.
The last amendment reported from the com-
mittee was to add to the bill the following sec-
tion :
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That section nine
of an act^entitled "An act supplementary to an act
titled An aet to grant pensions, approved July '
14,1862,' approved July 4,1864," be amended and re-
enacted so as to read as follows: that those persons
r.ot enlisted soldiers in the Army, who volunteered
for the_time being to serve with any regularly organ-
ized military or naval force of tbe United States, or
where persons otherwise volunteered and rendered
service in any engagement with rebels or Iudians
since the 4th day of March, 1861, shall, if they have
beei& disabled m consequence of wounds, or from dis-
ease contracted in such service, be entitled to the
same benefits of the pension laws as those who have
been regularly mustered into the United States ser-
vice; and the widows or other dependents of any
such persons as may have been killed or died from
disease contracted in such temporary service afore-
said shall be entitled to pensions in the sauao man-
ner as they would have been had sueh persons been
regularly mustered: Provided, That no claim under
this section shall be valid unless presented and pros-
ecuted to a successful issue before July 4,1872. All
such claims shall be adjudicated under such special
rules and regulations as the Commissioner of Pen-
fraud ■*>rescr^':)e effectually to guard against
The question was upon agreeing to the
amendment.
Mr. NIBLACK. Is it now in order to move
that this bill be recommitted to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions?
The SPEAKER. It is not, unless the gen-
tleman from Maine, [Mr. Perham,] who is
entitled to the floor, shall yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. NIBLACK. I appeal to fchegentleman
from Maine [Mr. Perham] to consent that I
