1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
609
and wc can begin to pay that portion of the 1
five-twenty bonds now outstanding which has j
become redeemable at our option, and to issue
new bonds at a low rate of interest. The cur- |
rent rate of interest in England and France is j
at the present time three per cent.; which is ]
considerably higher than it has averaged for '
the past eighteen months. With our currency 1
on a specie basis we could undoubtedly nego-
tiate a loan at four per cent., which would
enable us immediately to reduce our annual
interest more than ten million dollars, contin-
uing to retire the five-twenty bonds as they
become redeemable, and thus effect, within
three years, an annual reduction of our inter-
est of more than thirty million dollars. It is
therefore obviously desirable that some steps
be taken, some measures enacted, calculated
to facilitate a resumption of specie payments.
Before proceeding to a consideration of these
various plans proposed and urged upon Con-
gress for its adoption for the purpose of bringing
about this result, let us examine carefully the
task we have to perform and the resources at our
command with which to accomplish the work.
The books of the Treasury January 1, 1869,
showed our demand liabilities to be as follows:
Outstanding United States notes $336,021,073
fractional currency  34,zlo,715
390,236,788
National bank notes  239,800,565
In addition to which we have to provide
for on demand, matured debt not pre-
sented for payment  $7,463,503
Three percent, certificates pay-
able on demand   55,S65,000
690,042.35§
63,328,850 j
Making a total of. $753,371,850 ||
to be directly or indirectly provided for on |
resumption of specie payments by the Govern- j;
rnent and the banks. ji
Our present means of meeting these demands
are as follows:
According to the debt statement of January 1,1859,
we had coin in the Treasury $98,763,368
Less amouutdepositedongoldeertificates 13,063,092
Net amount of coin in the Troasury $85,700,276
being something less than twelve per cent, of
our demand liabilities. Our paper currency
measured by the gold standard, is now at a
discount of about twenty-five per cent. The
resumption of specie payments means the ex-
tinguishment of this margin between specie
and our paper by an appreciation of the paper
currency to a par with gold. How this is to
be accomplished is the problem to be solved.
The plans which have been from time to time
urged upon the attention of Congress for the
accomplishment of this object are :
1. A contraction of the currency, to be con-
tinued until all the legal-tender notes shall be
retired, leaving the entire circulating medium
of the country to the national banks.
2. A repeal of the legal-tender acts and an
immediate resumption of specie payments by
the Government and banks.
3. Providing for the purchase of the United
States legal-tender notes by the Secretary of
the Treasury at a fixed rate of discount in
gold, reducing the discount one per cent, each
mouth until the purchase is made at par. The
notes thus purchased to be reissued and con-
tinued in circulation.
4. An enactment by Congress that specie
payments shall be resumed by the Government
at some fixed day in the future, to be followed
at a later day by a like resumption on the part of
the national banks, and by a repeal of the legal-
tender act, resumption to be provided for by
letainingin the Treasury all the surpiusof coin
after paying the interest on the public debt,
and by compelling the banks to retain the
specie received as interest on their bonds,
with which to maintain their circulation upon
a specie basis.
Tne plan of resuming specie payments by a
contraction of the currency passed from a
theory into an experiment with the commence-
ment of the financial administration of the
present Secretary of the Treasury, who adopted
40th Ooxyk Hd —No. 39.
it as the leading measure of his financial pol-
icy, and urged it upon Congress in his first
annual report. Theobjeetssoughtto be accom-
plished by this policy were twofold :
First. The regulation of the business of the
country, the reduction of the price of labor
and of merchandise, and the prevention of
speculating by the business community by cre-
ating a scarcity of currency.
Second. The appreciation of the paper cur-
rency by reduction of its volume until it reached
par with gold ; thus effecting a return to spei ie
payments.
This policy of the Secretary was supported
by Congress and the press of the country
almost unanimously, only a few feeble dissent-
ing voices being heard in the general chorus
of approval. But notwithstanding ail the ad-
ventitious aids afforded to this policy by laws
of Congress, a favorable public sentiment and
the support of distinguished financial writers,
the laws of trade asserted themselves and re-
fused to yield either to the theories of finan-
ciers or congressional legislation.
The effects of its adoption were to disturb
business, create distrust, increase fluctuations
in gold and merchandise and thereby stimulate
speculation, and to depreciate, instead ofappre-
ciate, the paper currency. The premium on
gold rose from twenty-eight to sixty, and on the
repeal of the law authorizing contraction stood
at thirty-five per cent, premium. The fact that
under the most favorable circumstances for a
fair trial this contraction policy proved a com-
plete and disastrous failure ought to be a suffi-
cient answerto any argument urged in favor of
its readoption. And were it not that the policy
is still adhered to and persistently urged upon
the attention of Congress, officially, semi-ofH-
cially, and unofficially, I should not stop here to
examine the argumentsaddueed in its support.
The foundation of the whole argument in its
favor is the assumption that we have an excess
of currency in circulation over the legitimate
demands of the business of the country ; which
excess is attempted to be established, first, by
a comparison of the assumed circulation of
1860 with that of to-day, and second, by assum-
ing that the percentage of premium on gold is
the measure of that excess.
A letter favoring a contraction of the currency
has recently been addressed by a distinguished
financier of Massachusetts, Hon. George Wal-
ker, to the Special Commissioner of the Reve-
nue, and appended by him to his official report.
I find in it the following estimate of the
amount of currency in circulation in 1860:
Gold and silver in the country  $200,000,000
Less in banks and Treasury  91,000,000
Leaving in circulation    109,1)00.000
.Banknotes  207.000,090
Total  $316,000,000
Or a circulation of $11 0per capita. This is
upon a gold basis and upon the lowest estimate
of gold in the United States in 18G0. '.raking
the amount of gold at the same date as estimated
by Hon. J. S. Mqiiriix, whose figure* in this
case I consider much more reliable, ns they
were not made for the purpose of sustaining a
pet theory, and the circulation was in lfiOu as
follows:
Gold and silver in the United States ... 1iL'75 OOf'.uO")
Less in banks and Treasury  91,00u,000
l S4, IV 10,1)110
Banknotes   20,,OOO.OCO
Total  .-./Ol.OOj.OOn
A circulation of 614 48 ptr capita.
The present circulation estimated upon the
same basis as that of I860 by .Mr. V, alkor is as
follows:
National bank notes .   
United States notes   
Fractional currency    
0iE'.702,K'o
Le^s in Isr.ks as reserve O'ober 1,
1868   H7UJ3.U.7
Currency in Treasury  ls.2;>3,'jrt _ .
 —,.i40
Total circulation ijti0,2S0,ilt>
If we discount the depreciation of the paper
currency to place it on the same basis as the
circulation of 1800 we should have the follow-
ing result:
Present circulation $500,280,763
Le s twenty-live per cent  125,U,0.191
S375.210.572
As our present population is in round num-
bers about ihiity-seveu millions this statement
gives us a,circulation of about §10 1 oper capita,
being 3134 less than the lowest and §4 33 less
than the highest amount according to these two
estimates in I860.
I think it must be apparent from this state-
ment. which leaves entirely out of the account
the increased wealth and business of the coun-
try as well as the large increase of currency
required for the increased receipts and dis-
bursements of the Government, which are now
about five times what they were in 18G0, that
we have relatively, if not actually, less currency
in circulation now than we had in 1860.
In making a comparison of the amount of
currency in circulation at the present time with
the amount prior to the war we should not lose
sight of a very important distinction which
exists between the currency introduced by the
Government (the legal-tender notes) and the
bank circulation. The bank circulation rep-
resents loans to the business community, for
which the banks hold a corresponding amount
of individual and corporate promises to pay.
An increase of this ciieu'ation, therefore, rep-
resents an increase of credits. An inflation of
this currency means an inflation of credits, and
when such inflation exists there is danger of a
financial collapse. The currency introduced
by the Government, on the other hand, is not
based upon individual credits, but represents
the indebtedness of the Government to the
holder, to the community in which such cur-
rency circulates. An increase of this currency
does not therefore represent an increase of
individual and corporate credits, and not neces-
sarily an increase of Goverumentindebteduess,
as it may be only a change of the form of the
obligation of indebtedness. A contraction of •
this currency shows no decrease of Government
indebtedness in case the currency retired is
funded into bonds. It is only a change in the
form of that which represents the indebted-
ness. Keeping in mind this distinction, it will
readily be seen that the fact that the banks of
the country prior to the war could only keep
in circulation §207,000,000 in paper currency
is no evidence that this amount was all that
was needed or could be profitably used in pro-
duction and the exchange of productions. It
is only an evidence that the ability of the banks
to loan, and of the business community to bor-
row and pay, was exhausted a1 this point. 1 he
ability of the banks to loan was limited to the
amount of loanable capital under their control.
The ability of the business community to bor-
row was limited to the security which they
could furnish for payment at maturity of their
obligations.
'I ho disbursements of the Government dur-
ing the war more than doubled tne available
capital of the people by drawing upon the in-
definite future resources of the country. These
disbursements were distributed through ali
parts of the country, and were readily absorbed
in the development of its resources. The fol-
lowing compaiison of bank loans and deposits
at periods before and since the war, show the
wonderful increase of individual wealth and
comparative decrease of individual indebted-
ness resulting from the increase of national
indebtedness :
Bank Loans- DepolsU.
1S37 $525,115,000 ^137,397,000
lc'5t>   634,183,000 ^12,7'ib.OJO
1 }y;  684,456,000 230,353,000
135s         5sa,185.ijoo 185,93 ',060
j": -;: v" - 'V O'.'
i" \    
"...i..  6.1't)9,;<&4
ihc.-e urines show rhuc prisons ro tne war
the banks iuaned to the general business com-
munity three time0 the amount wuicu they
