THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO:
January 26,
points is tobegin to resume, not merely to resolve
that we will do so at some future day, but to
eomraenee at once, and however slow the prog-
ress, each step will not only carry us nearer to
the goal, but will impart that strength and that
confidence which will enable vis to reach it.
Provision is also made for keeping the cur-
rency which this bill proposes to create in
circulation until further legislation by Congress.
There ia no contraction of the currency by its
operation.
The Secretary of the Treasury is authorized
to reissue these coin notes after they have been
received into the Treasury before maturity in
-payment of public dues, or to issue in their
Stead the same amount of like notes on time.
This discretionary power, although not an
important feature of the plan, may be found
rtecessary to be used, and no valid objection to
rfe ase exists, as notes received in payment of
public dues are actually paid or redeemed by
the United States. A like discretionary author-
ity to issue notes on a shorter time than one
year, but on not less than three months, is to
enable the Secretary to hasten the time for
resuming, if he finds it practicable to do so,
after the maturity of the notes first issued.
Having thus stated the general provisions
of the bill, it is proper to consider what will be
its general effect:
First, can these coin notes be paid accord-
ing to their tenor Y and second, what will be
the effect upon the currency of issuing them?
Let vis now see what means the Secretary
will have, at the maturity of these notes, with
which to redeem them :
Tile amount of coin in the Treasury January 1,18G9,
was  S98,703.368
Deduct com certificates  13,063,092
Ijoaving a net balance of.  8^,700,276
To which add estimated reoeipts in com
over expenditures to end of the fiscal
year ending June 30,18/0  59,000,000
Which will give amount in Treasury on
maturity of the first coin notes issued... 144,700,276
Allowing the samo oxoess in receipts of
coin over expenditures for the year end-
ing Juno 30,1871  32,000.000
Avid we have $176,700,270
With which to redeem the $180,000,000 falling
due during that year, and this without any pur-
chase of com by the Secretary. There can be
no doubt of the ability of the Secretary of the
Treasury to maintain redemption after com-
mencing, as he would, without any purchase of
coin, have during the first year after specie
payments actually commenced nearly one hun-
dred per cent, in specie of the whole amount of
coin notes redeemable with which to redeem
whatever notes might be presented. And main-
taining redemption through the firstyear would
undoubtedly bring the whole volume of the
currency to a par with gold. Indeed, I believe
the first, monthly redemption would have this
effect; for a demonstration of the ability of the
Government to redeem would so establish pub-
lic confidcfice as to settle the whole question.
Deeming these resources of the Government
amply sufficient to maintain the redemption of
these coin notes as they mature and are pre-
sented t'orredcmplion, I now pass to the second
question: What will bo the effect of their issue?
This is, in substance, to ask whether the com-
munity in general will estimate the resources
of the Government for the payment of these
notes as I have estimated them. Will their
issue inspire general confidence in their prom-
ise to Day? Upon this point Iproooseto take,
first, the testimony given by an opponent of the
bill, the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. C<>-
Burst,] who, in a speech made in this House
last week, expressed himself upon it as follows:
"Will the issuing of Treasury notes payable in
twelve months in gold,in lieu ottho greenbacks and
hank notes taken for taxes and dues to the Govern-
ment, havo any tendency toward the resumption of
specie payments? This proposition has been made
in al! seriousness by a decided opponent of contrac-
tion, and is put forth as a measure al aid of thatview.
To my mind it is the strongest measure of contrac-
tion yet proposed, amounting to ncarlya half mil-
lion a day—in fine, to the entire amount of the rev-
enue raised in paper,- for this paper isat once retired,
ftnd in its stead is issued a currency which calls for
gold in twelve months, and which at once is worth
more than twenty-five" per cent, premium; a currency
which would be locked up as soon as issued, and only
see daylight When put up for sale by bankers or at
the end of twelve months, when presented at the
Treasury.
"Whothatholdssuchanotewill giveitin exchange
for a greenback and throw away his tweflty-five per
cent.? Who will pay it out? Who so infatuated as
to yield up such a golden advantage? In one year
$180,000,1)00 of our currency would be safely locked up,
and the whole greenback circulation would be effect-
ually retired at the end of two years.''
These objeotions of the gentleman from
Indiana—who represents a class of objectors-
are full of expressions of the confidence which
is to bo reposed in the notes which this bill
proposes to issue. They are, that these notes
will "belocked upassoon as issued'''—" safely
locked up"—not paid out, but hoarded for the
'•golden advantage" which they wiil afford to
their possessor, "put up for sale by brokers,"
"bearing a premium of twenty-fiva per cent."
Whatever may be the actual operation, there
is no mistake as to what these objectors as-
sume will be the effect upon the public mind
of the issue of tbe proposed gold notes; they
assume and object that the notes will be at par,
or nearly at par, with gold; and I ask the
attention of the House to this point. The ob-
jection is a most forcible statement of the
public confidence which wiil be reposed in
these coin notes, for there would be no such
appreciation of these notes toward a par with
gold unless the public had full confidence that
the redemption would take place at the time
promised ; and the percentage of appreciation
would be the exact measure of that confidence.
The gentleman from Indiana, therefore, con-
cedes that the bill would effect the very object
for which it is intended, namely: the extin-
guishment of the premium on gold by an appre-
ciation of the paper currency. Accepting the
gentleman's statementof the credit which these
notes will win as correct, let us consider the
effect of that credit upon the currency. Will
it produce that contraction which the gentle-
man apprehends ? I think, if at all, only tem-
porarily. For as all the legal-tender notes
are in process of conversion, and all national
bank notes are redeemable in legal-tender
notes, the one issue cannot be appreciated with-
out drawing up with it the whole paper cur-
rency of the country. The confidence which
these coin notes would inspire would express
itself not so much in the form of a premium
on those notes above the value of the present
national currency, as in a reduction of the
premium on gold. I cannot better express
my ideas of the effect which the issuing of these
coin notes would have in reducing the premium
on gold than by quoting the following extract
from a speech made by me in introducing the
bill, in March last:
" With the steady conversion of the greenbacks
into notes rodeemablo in specic at a specified time,
and with the oert.iuity of the ability ot the Govern-
ment to redeem them as promised, thowholevolume
of the currency would begin to appreciate. The
hoarded specie would come out to realize the pre-
mium, which would overy day be reduced, and at no
distant day be entirely extinguished. The notes,
payable in specie as they approached maturity, would
probably bo temporarily hoardod, but only to liberate
the same amount in specie. As fast as they matured
and became redeemable in coin they would remain
in circulation as specie; being received for payment
of duties on imports and convertible into coin at the
will oi the holder, they would be received in payment
for interest on the public debt and for all other pur-
poses for which coin is now required. Whenever any
amount of these notes was actually redeemed the
same amount of coin would be liberated from the
Treasury, where it now lies dormant, and become
useful to the community. Once place this paper cir-
culation of the Government upon a specie basis, and
establish public confidence in its permanence, and
wo have practically added $350,000,000 of specie to the
amount now in circulation, and thus furnished a
medium lor the redemption of national banknotes."
All arguments which I have seen urged
against the mil start from the same point as
those of the gentleman from Indiana, namely,
that the notes are immediately to appreciate ;
and some of them include another objection
which the gentleman did not name : that this
appreciation would create a difference between
this issue and other notes in circulation, and
inure to tire advantage of the creditors of the
Government. As I have already said, I believe
the appreciation would be expressed in the
reduction of the premium on gold, rather than
by any premium on this particular issue. But
admitting the force of the argument which con-
cedes thepracticability of appreciating the legal-
tender notes by making them payable at a day
certain, and thus extinguishing the premium
on gold, let us see "whether these apprehended
evils and inconveniences are of so serious a
character as to counterbalance the advantages
which would: result from a resumption of
specie payments.
First. Whatever advantages might accrue to
the public creditor by receiving payment in
the new notes would involve no loss to the
Government, as the notes are not to be finally
retired at maturity. The Government loses
nothing by appreciating its paper; it puts noth-
ing into it except public faith, public confi-
dence, and secures to itself whatever advan-
tages result from the appreciation ; not only in
the appreciation of its bonds, but in all pur-
chases which it makes. An increased value is
thus given to every dollar received into the
Treasury as well as to every dollar paid out.
The coin notes paid out of the Treasury would
pass directly from the hands of those to whom
they are first paid, as they have not the ability
to hold them — generally requiring all their'
receipts to pay their current expenses—and
enter directly into circulation at whatever
appreciation public confidence might fix upon
them ; and this appreciation would, of course,
effect a corresponding reduction of the pre-
mium on gold.
Second. The immediate effect of converting
the legal-tender notes might be to retire the
new issue from circulation; but this would be
done mostly by the banks, into which they
would natarally run, and which would substi-
tute them for the legal-tender notes, now held
as a reserve. This reserve amounts to about
one hundred and seventy-two million dollars,
and would nearly absorb the amount issued the
first year. This retirement of the converted
notes would effect no contraction of the cur-
rency, as it would liberate a like amount of
legal-tender notes now held as a reserve, and
send them into circulation to supply the place
of the coin notes withdrawn. To a large extent
those hoarded in private hands would take tlio
place of specie, which would come out and
reduce the premium on gold. The contraction
if any, which would take plase would be tem-
porary and voluntary on the part of the busi-
ness community in whose hands the notes
would beheld; and such temporary contraction
of the currency is one of the conditions neces-
sary to be brought about during tbe transition
from an irredeemable to a redeemable currency.
The advantage of this mode of contraction is,
that it is voluntary, self-imposed, and self-
adjusting, and controlled by the natural laws
of trade; and that the amount retired is at all
times within the reach of business, and cau be
called forth whenever its exigencies demand it.
In this regard the coin notes would not be
unlike the compound-interest notes, which were
held to a considerable extent by tbe banks asa
part of tbeir reserve, and which went, as these
coin notes would go, to make up that part of
the currency which is laid by in small sums by
all classes, and which in the aggregate consti-
tutes no inconsiderable percentage of the circu-
lation. Individuals as well as banks keep a
reserve, but keep it to be used when required.
The last dollar paid out would undoubtedly be
the one which in tbe estimation of the holder
was the most valuable, but that last dollar would
come out, and be made available as currency
either at par with other paper or at an interme-
diate premium between that paper and gold,
whenever the demands of business required it*
Third. An intermediate currency between
the present paper currency and gold would, at
most,be but a temporaryinconvenience to which
business would soon adjust itself. A large part *
of it would, as I have shown, take the place of
other paper now out of active circulation ; and
such a curroney would be a Valuable agency by
