1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
619
It is not enough that the Secretary is to be
invested with an unlimited power and discre-
tion in the negotiation and sale of more than
three hundred millions of gold bonds: bat by
the section just quoted he is to determine
according to his simple will and judgment the
great question of what shall be the volume of
currency necessary and desirable to carryfor-
ward the grand and far-r'eaching enterprises—
the rising and rapidly expanding industriesof
the American people—and with autocratic
sway to govern and control the vast aggregate
of the business of the whole country. The
enlightened experience and clear judgment of
the people have pronounced decidedly against
any contraction of the currency, and Congress,
in conformity with this decision, has emphatic-
ally forbidden any further reduction of the vol-
ume of legal lenders. It is acknowledged, too,
that nothing is more necessary or vital to the
present business wants of the country than
steadiness and sufficiency in the volume of the
paper currency. Have the people reversed
their judgment, and is Congress now prepared
to refer the decision of so important a ques-
tion, the determination of so essential a re-
quirement, to the erring and possibly biassed,
if not corrupted jugdment of any one man? The
American people will not consent; this Con-
gress cannot presume to confer such power
and authority upon any man.
The remaining objection to the bill now
referred to is that no provision is made for a
substitute paper currency in place of the
amount, partial or entire, of the notes that
may demand resumption. With partial redemp-
tion under the '•public-confidence" theory,
the amount of gold thus paid out, will bo at
once absorbed " and sink back into an article
of merchandise," and the currency thus be
reduced in its volume that much. With full
redemption of all United States notes and
fractional currency we shall have only gold and
silver in place of this now large amount of
paper currency. And gold and silver, with the
modern and approved modes and mediums of
effecting exchanges cannot and will not, to
any considerable degree, come into use as a
circulating medium. And hence, with the per-
fected operation of this bill, we should have
enormous contraction of currency and conse-
quent commercial distress and financial ruin.
Introductory allusion has been made to the
time and occasion of issuing the demand-note
loans, to the necessity of forcing the notes into
circulation at a fictitious and debased standard
of value, and to the fact that they were consid-
ered by the Government that issued them and
the people that received them only as a tem-
porary loan, to be converted at the option of
theholdersinto a time and coin interest-bearing
security. Brief advertence has also been given
to two measures proposing the retirement or
payment of these notes for the purpose only of
stating some objections to the mode and meas-
ure by which the ends proposed are sought to
be accomplished. For in so far as they as-
sume and recognize an unstable and irredeem-
able currency as the cause of the depreciated
condition of the Government securities and of
our financial embarrassments, and the payment
or retirement of the legal-tender notes as a con-
dition-precedent to a uniform and convertible
paper currency, and hence to restored and
assured Government credit and a sound finan-
cial condition to the country, they have my
hearty assent.
In view, then, of the recognized necessity of
the payment or withdrawal of the legal-tender
notes in order to secure the great and import-
ant ends named, and in view also of the fact
already determined by the people and ratified
by Congress, that the business interests and
requirements of the country cannot, at present
certainly, safely permit any contraction or
diminution of the volume of paper money, I
venture now to suggest and briefly discuss the
following plan :
1. Authorize an issue of United States regis-
tered bonds to the amount of $000,000,000, o-
so much thereof as may be necessary for the
purposes contemplated, to be free from taxa-
tion, either national, State, or municipal, pay-
able in fifty years from date, with interest at
the rate of four per cent, per annum, payable
semi-annually, and both principal and interest
payable in coin, as a basis for securing the
circulating notes of national banks.
2. Authorize an increased issue of notes for
circulation to national banks of §200,000,000,
and require the Secretary of the Treasury to
distribute this increase in such States, Teni-
tories, and sections of the country as are now
destitute of, or insufficiently supplied with,
banking facilities and accommodations.
8. Provide that when banking associations
forming under the increase of circulating notes
authorized shall have organized under the pro-
visions of the national currency act. and shall
have paid into the Treasury of the United States
the amount of their capital stock, ninety per
cent, of which shall be paidin lawful money, the
Secretary of the Treasury shall thereupon issue
to such associations bonds of the issue hereby
provided for ; and that upon the transfer and
delivery of such bonds to the Treasurer of the
United States, to be by him held in trust for
the purposes named in said currency act, the
Comptroller of the Currency shall, upon certi-
fication of such transfer and deliver}', issue to
such associations circulating notes to an amount
not exceeding ninety per cent, of the amount
of said bonds at par.
4. As fast as circulating notes are issued to
new banking associations require the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to cause to be canceled
and destroyed an amount of legal-tender notes
equal to theamountof circulating notes issued.
5. If the existing national banks shall desire
to continue their organization and to accept the
four per cent, bonds authorized in place of
their bonds then on deposit, they shall signify
such desire and purpose to the Secretary of the
Treasury within sixty days from the passage
of the act; and thereupon the Secretary of the
Treasury shall issue the four per cent, bonds
proposed, in equal par value amount to the
bonds to be surrendered, and deposit the same
with the Treasurer of the United States in trust
for said banks in lieu of the bonds surrendered.
And if any of the existing national banks shall,
by a vote of its shareholders owning two thirds
of its stock, decide not to accept the bonds
proposed in exchange for their bonds held as
security for its circulating notes, such bank
shall within two months from the passage of
the act so notify the Secretary of the 'Treasury,
and within four months return its circulating
notes to the Treasurer of the United States.
And thereupon the bonds belonging to such
association shall be delivered up to it under
the provisions of the national currency act. In
the event of the closing up or surrender of any
bank, provide that a new one with like capital
may be organized, giving preference to an asso-
ciation in the same or near locality with the
one closed or surrendered.
6. Require every national banking association
to have at all times on hand, in gold or in law-
ful money of the United States, at least twenty-
five per cent, of the aggregate amount of its
notes in circulation.
7. Prohibit all further sales of gold, in order
that the Government may strengthen and pre-
pare itself for the payment of the remainder
of its demand notes not retired by this mode.
And when the coin balance shall be adequate,
or if deemed desirable coin sufficient shall be
provided from a coin loan authorized for the
purpose, let the Government substitute gold
for the lawful money reserves of the banks,
thus furnishing to them a sound specie basis
for the issue and redemption of their circu-
lating notes.
The prominent features of the proposition
submitted are: the withdrawal from the cur-
rency of a large amount of legal-tender notes
and funding them in a long bond at a low rate
of interest, thus initiating at, least a lower and
more reasonable rate of interest upon our
Government securities; the substitution there-
for of national bank notes—a currency cer-
tainly of equal convenience arid value—without
disturbance to or variation of the volume of
the circulating medium: and, what is not of
least importance, furnishing for and distribut-
ing to large and important sections of the
country the banking conveniences and profits,
facilities and accommodations which are now
possessed and enjoyed by only favored portions.
Many theories, and vagaries even, have been
from time to time advanced as to the nature
and purpose of the legal-tenders, and as to
whether they constituted a debt of the Govern-
ment which should ever be paid, and if so how
and when. Some have held that they were a
cheap currency, costing the Government not
much beside paper and ink, and should there-
fore be multiplied and made to pay the national
debt, apparently supposing that the substitu-
tion of a demand promise for a time obligation
to pay discharged the debt, or else perhaps
thinking that if the people could be induced
to repudiate the interest they might become so
debauched as to deny the principal. Others
have thought that they formed so desirable a
currency that the loan should be further forced
and the Government furnish the whole paper
circulation, thus erecting the'Treasury, the true
office of which is the reception and disburse-
ments of the revenues, into a huge Government
bank, and thereby in effect constituting the
Secretary of the Treasury the money autocrat
of the country. Far away be the day when
the American people shall establish an insti-
tution and confer a power so dangerous to, if
not subversive of, a free Government.
But from the brief review already taken of
the necessities for and the conditions of the
legal-tender issues, it is clear, we think, that
they were regarded and treated as forccd but
temporary loans which the Government were
bound some time to pay, and that it was both
expected and intended that they should be
either paid in coin, true money, or converted
into coin interest-bearing bonds. And if they
were so issued and taken as temporary loans
is not the Government bound in honor and
all good faith to redeem its pledge, and either
make present payment or renew the promise
to pay, and that at a time fixed and with in-
terest, as a consideration for its use? But
present payment being manifestly impossible,
and from a variety of circumstances even unde-
sirable, is there any better, or in the present
condition of the finances of the country any
other way than to begin now to convert or
fund these legal-tender notes into coin interest
and coin principal-paying bonds, as herein pro-
posed, in harmony with the spirit and provis-
ions of the acts under which they were issued ?
It is true that the bonds into which they were
originally exehangable carried six per cent,
interest payable in coin, while those now pro-
posed for conversion carry but four per cent,
interest.
But at the time the notes in question were
issued the Government was in dire straits by
reason of the gigantic operations of the war ;
the contest for the supremacy of the Govern-
ment was being fiercely carried on, and its
duration and issue were both uncertain and a
war-risk rate of interest was being paid for
money. Now peace is restored, the perpetuity
of the Government is assured, and no one can
doubt its ultimate ability to pay and discharge
every obligation. The bonds proposed are to
be issued upon long time—fifty years ; and the
permanence and stahility of the loan justly
enhances its value. They are also to be free
from taxation, national, "State, or municipal.
Would not, these considerations, in connection
with the largely reduced cost of living and the
greatly improved financial condition and pros-
pects of tha country render the bonds now
proposed as valuable and desirable in the esti-
mation of capital as a twenty years' bond at six
per cent, could have been in the dark and ter-
rible days of uncertain civil conflict,? But
they are not offered to capital as a simple in-
