THE COiNTGBBSSIOJSFAL Qh
January 26,
alone, bat carry with th®w all the
38 and profits attacking to circulation
and general banking. In this view surely they
will be rtgarded by the people and accepted by
capital as meeting fully the obligation and
spirit of th£ acts under which the legal-tender
notes were issued.
Jli considering the second feature of the plan
suggested, namely, an increase of $20,0,000,OOQ
of circulating notes to national bank associa-
tions, it is sot proposed to discuss the pro-
priety or, expediency of creating or establish-
ing banks, but rather by reference to some
well-known but important faets in relation to
the occasion of their establishment, the advan-
tages they possess, and their adaptability to
the business wants of an active, enterprising,
ai)d growing people, to show the desirableness
pf a.further increase of circulating notes.
Wh&.tew way have been the theories or argu-
ments by which the State bank system, so
called, was preferred or sustained; whatever
may have been the strength and soundness of
some, if not many, of the State banks, or how-
ever acceptable and satisfactory they may have
Ip.een to the communities in which they were
ioeated, the exigencies of the war soon de-
monstrated that a currency so insufficient, so
heterogeneous, so unequal, and so unsafe as
that furnished by the State banks, especially
after the suspension of specie payments into
which they were driven in the early days of
the war,, was unreliable and would be ruinous
both to the Government and the people.
The attention of the Government and its
financial agents was therefore early directed to
devising asystem of banking which should have
uniformity of security, uniformity of general
regulations ^nd accountability, and which
should furnish a national currency uniform in
value and convertibility. Such a measure was
matured and recommended by theSecretary of
the Treasury as early as December, 1861, but
was uot finally approved by Congress till Feb-
ruary, 1803. The business enterprise and cap-
ital of the country quickly saw and appreciated
the advantages of sucha system of currency, and
banking associations were rapidly organized.
It was received with such favor that soon a
considerable number of the States signified
their approval of the law by the passage of ena-
bling acts j then the existing State banks were
compelled,by a heavy tax laid upon their cir-
culation, either to adopt the system or stop
banking, and in a brief time thereafter the
entire amount of circulating notes authorized
by law was taken up, and pressing calls were
then and are still made for more. The system
has since grown so rapidly in favor with the
business community and in the confidence of
the people, and has now become so interwoven
■with and incorporated into all their transac-
tions and enterprises, as well as into the finan-
cial operations of the Government, that it must
bo considered as firmly established and perma-
nently fixed. The leading characteristic of
the national bank currency, and which per-
haps forms its chief advantage overall previous
systetMof banking, is that it gives uniformity
to the circulating medium,
As the circulation is the common servant of
all, performing all their exchanges, affeeting
the values of property, the profits of business,
the wages of labor, and the cost of living, .it is
a matter of great interest and moment to all,
rich and poor alike, that it is both sound and
uniform. These qualities, safety and uniform-
ity, are combined in the national currency. It
is safe because it ig fully and amply secured by
a pledge of Federal bonds of a value ten per
cent, greater than the notes issued by a first
and paramount lien through the Government
on the remaining assets of the banks j by the
personal liability of the stockholders to an
amount eyual to the capital; and lastly, by the
obligation of the Government to redeem the
note.s on failure of any bank to redeem its issues
at its counter. The national bank notes, bear-
ing upon their face the pledge of full security,
and stamped with the impress of the nation#!
guarantee, are entitled -to and assured of uni-
form value in every part of the land. They
are good and safe to the holder.not alone at
the bank or- store or shop in the place where
he may reside, but equally safe and good in
any eity or town to which he may desire to
travel or in which he may choose to sojourn.
The country no.w has $300,000,000 of these
national bank notes. Why should not the whole
paper currency be of this one type and uniform
standard ?
But we pass to consider the third feature in
the plan suggested, the furnishing for and dis-
tributing to large and important sections of the
country the banking facilities and accommoda-
tions now enjoyed by only favored portions.
The banking associations now issuing the na-
tional currency are located with great par-
tiality and great injustice. By reference to the
last report of the Comptroller of the Currency
it will be seen that of the $300,000,000 of cir-
culating notes authorized, the six New England
States have $104,549,281, more than one third
of the whole amount. New York has $68,-
833,726,New Jersey $9,397,985,and Pennsyl-
vania $88,772,102, making an aggregate for the
nine Stales named of $221,572,047, thus leav-
ing for all the other States and the Territories
the almost insignifieantamount of $78,427,953
of circulating notes.
Now, sir, I certainly admire and commend
the generous patriotism, the keen business sa-
gacity, andthepecmiiary resources and strength
which inspired and enabled New England cap-
ital and enterprise to rally promptly to aid the
Government in initiating a new and uniform
banking system for the country. I take a just
pride in New England's devotion to freedom ;
in her steadfastness in every time of national
difficulty and danger; in her costly offerings
for the unity and integrity of the Republic,
and in the foresight with which she secured so
generous a share of the national currency with
which to protect her industries, to stimulate
her enterprises, and to augment her wealth and
power. But while New England and the other
States named have been fairly supplied and
their wants measurably met, why should like
advantages and facilities for growth and devel-
opment be longer so largely withheld from
other States—from the rich and prosperous
middle States, with their quickened enterprise
and teeming industries; or from the growing
empire States of the West and Northwest, with
their exhaustless store of mineral treasures
and their boundless capacity for production; or
from the garden States of the South, destined
soon, under the stimulus of free labor and sup-
plied capital, to excel all former wealth and
greatness ?
Has not the opportune time arrived when
the Government can safely commence to re-
deem its stipulated pledge to exchange a neces-
sary, but confessedly temporary demand loan
for an interest-bearing time loan—equal by
reason of its long but fixed time of payment
and its exemption from taxation to the con-
vertible loan at first provided—to substitute
for the demand notes thus withdrawn an equal
amount of safe and uniform national currency;
and in its distribution or allotment to furnish
to all sections of the country those money
accomodations and banking facilities which
shall protect local interests, encourage local
enterprise, assist home industry, and stimulate
home production, and thereby insure stable
growth and development?
The plan suggested, if put in operation,
would land $200,000,000 of the legal-tender
notes into fifty-year bonds at four per cent,
per annum; it would substitute for the demand
notes so withdrawn an equal amount of na-
tional bank currency secured by the bonds so
issued, leaving, according to the last report of
theSecretary of the Treasury, about one hun-
dred -and fifty-six millions of United States
notes outstanding, which would be ample for
the lawful money reserves which the banks are
required to keep on hand. It would furnish
$200,000,000 of circulating notes for new na-
tional banks, and locate the banks in sections
now inadequately supplied, so that local inter-
ests should be protected and promoted.
It would require existing national banks tp
either exchange the five and six per cent, bonds
now belonging to them on deposit to secure their
circulation for four per cent, fifty-year bonds,
or, if they refuse to exchange, to return their
circulating notes and surrender their charter
and take their bonds, and thus give new capi-
tal from the sftme or near locality opportunity
to organize under the new bonds—a privilege
which in most localities would be quickly im-
proved. The remaining amount of legal-ten-
der notes may be redeemed in gold whenever
the coin balance in the Treasury, either from
accumulation or from proceeds of a loan au-
thorized for the purpose, shall be adequate for
full payment, and thus the banks be supplied
with a coin in place of lawful money-reserve
as a safe and sound b^sis for the redemption
of their bills.
Should the business wants of the country
then require more paper currency—which is
altogether probable—let more national bankg
be authorized upon a similar security, or, what
perhaps would more justly determine the ques-
tion of volu me and more surely adapt the sup-
ply to the demand, let a general banking law-
be passed. The future condition and want?
of the country can however best determine
these questions. Certain it is that our present
business and financial condition will admit of
no contraction or diminution of the currency.
Contraction, and consequent stagnation and
retrogression, will not be tolerated. But
growth, progress, enlargement, are now the
watchwordsandsignals of the American people.
Notwithstanding the losses and burdens of the
war the people are neither discouraged nor
disheartened, but, on the contrary, are hope-
ful, buoyant, and confident. They have come
through storm and tempest, through conflict
and suffering, to a new plane of national great-
ness and power. The blight and curse of
slavery are removed, and the goddess of lib-
erty no longer sits in garments defiled with the
blot and staiu of human bondage, but, enrobed
in a new and spotlpss mantle, more beautiful
in its shining .emblems of unity and freedom-
than r,oyal purple or kingly attire, she beckons
the nation onward to new triumphs and grander
achievements.
The swelling tide of emigration still sweeps
westward subduing plains, opening mines,
planting towns, and building cities almost with
the swiftness of thought and the ma,gic of a
dream. The vast and far-reaching enterprises
that seek to open new territory, to develop
new resources, andunfold new wealth are being
urged with unwonted skill and carried forward
with resistless energy. Eocky barriers will soon
be removed, the mountains be overtopped, and
great highways will be opened for international
transit and traffic. China and the Indies
will then speed to us their rich argosies of
tropical wealth and luxury, Europe and Asia
shall meet and sit down with us, and American
enterprise shall control the commerce, and
American principles shape the destinies of the
world.
At the conclusion of his remarks,
_ Mr. SMITH yielded the remainder of hi#
time to
Mr. SCOFIELD, who said: How much time
will there he for me ?
SPEAKER. There arc eight minutes
left of the hour of the gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Surra.]
Mr. LYNCH. Will the gentleman from
.Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] yield for a mo-
tion to adjourn ?
^Ir-SpOFIELD. 4 I will yield for thfvt pur-
pose if it be the desire of members.
Mr. LYNCH. I move that the House now
a,djour.n.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
CHARLOTTE CRANE.
' Pending the motion to adjourn,
Leave-was granted ,to Mr. Sspewatct to with*
