1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
621
draw from the files of the House the papers in
the case of the claim of Charlotte Crane, not
having copies on file to be presented to the
Senate.
treaty-making power.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, obtained leave to print in the Globe
some remarks ho had prepared on the treaty-
making power and the Cherokee neutral lands
in Kansas. [See Appendix.]
OIlDEltOF BUSINESS.
Mr. BROOKS. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion to adjourn.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 29, noes 27.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
the yeas and nays.
Uponadivisiontherewere—ayes 16, noes36.
So (one fifth voting in the affirmative) the
yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 45, nays 30, notvoting
147 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Beck, Elaine, Blair. Brooks,
Sroomall. Buckley, Cake, Corley, Covode, Dockery,
Donnelly, Drisgs, Ferriss, Gove. Griswoid, Cuester
D. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Alex-
ander H. Jones, Knott, Laflin. Lash, Lynch, May-
nard, McCarthy. McCormick, McKee, Mercur, Mor-
rell, Niblack. Pike. Raum, Schenck, Scofield, Stew-
ait, Taber, Tift, Van Aernam, Van Auken, Ward,
Whittemore, Windom. Woodbridge, and Young—4o.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, James M. Ashley, Ben-
ton, Boles, Boyden, Churchill, Cobb, Farnsworth,
Getz. Hooper, Jenekes.Ketcham, William Lawrcnce,
Mallory, Miller, Mungen, Pcrham, Pierce, Price,
Robertson, Sawyer. Shanks, Spalding, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stover, Taffe, Twichell, Llihu B. Vtasn-
burne. and Thomas Williams—30.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer,
Arneli, Delos It. Ashley, Axtell, Bailey, Bakei. Bald-
win, Banks, Barnes, Bavnum, Beaman, Beatty, .Ben-
jamin, Bingham, Blackburn, Boutwell, Bowen,
Boyer, Bromwell, Buckland, Burr, Benjamin 1>.
Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Callis, Cary, Chanter,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke. Clift, Coburn,
Cook. Cornell, Cullom, Dawes, Delano, Deweeso,
Dickey, Dixon, Dodge, Eckley, Edwards, Eggleston,
Ela Eldridge, Thomas D. Eliot, James T. jUliott,
Ferry Fields, Fox, French. Garfield, Glossbrenner,
Golhiduy, Go«s, Gravely, Grover Haight, Ha.sey,
llamiUon, Harding, Haughey, Hawkins, Uoaton,
Hill, Holman. Hopkins, Hoichkiss, Asahel
W. Hubbard, llulburd. Humphrey, llunter, John-
ton, Thomas L.Jones. Judd, Julian, Relley, Hel-
lo-*1 Keisey, Kerr. Kitchen, Koonts, George V.
Lawienee Lincoln, Loan, Loga.n. Lonshridge. Mar-
shall. Marvin. MoCullough, Moore, Moorhead, Mor-
rissey, Muiiins, Myers, Newcomb, Newsham, Nich-
olson, Ntirris, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Peters,
Petiw Phelps, Pile. Plants. Poland, Polsley, Pom-
erov, Pi nice, Pruyn, Randall, Robinson, Roots,
Kov's Selye,Sheilabarger, Sitgreaves. Smith. Stokes,
Stone, Sypber, Taylor, Thomas, Jotm rrimble,
Lawrcnce S. Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson. Burt Van
Horn. Robert, T. Van Horn Van Trump, \ an Wyck,
Vidal. Cndwaladei C./ftashburn llenry D. Wash-
buin, William li. Washburn. Welker, William Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, John T.Wilson, Stephen 1.
Wilson, Wood, and Woodward—147.
So the motion was agreed to ; and accord-
ingly (at, four o'clock and forty-five minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER : The petition of Mrs. A.
Lincoln, for a pension.
By Mr. AMES: The petition of Albert French
and others, that Congress protect all engaged
in navigation from illegal exactions.
By Mr. BEAMAN : The petition of C. Camp-
bell and 41 others, citizens of Wayne county,
Michigan, praying for the passage of the civil
service bill, new tax bill, &c.
Also, the petition of Scotten, Smith & Co.
and others, protesting against any change in the
present internal revenue tax law so far as it
regards tobacco. „ ,Tr.„. ^ -n i i
Also, the petition of William K Edwards
and others, asking for a reduction of the duties
on petroleum oil to fifty cents per barrel, or to
make the duty ad valorem.
By Mr. CHURCHILL : The memorial of
Alvin Osborn and others, shingle manufac-
turers, of Oswego, New York, asking tor in-
creased duty npon shingles of foreign manu-
facture, in consequence of the Canadian export
duty upon shingle timber.
By Mr. COVODE: A petition of certain
distillers in Fayette and Westmoreland conn-
ties, Pennsylvania, for a modification of the in-
ternal revenue laws.
By Mr. CULLOM: A petition signed by-
numerous citizens of Tazewell county, Illinois,
asking the passage of Jesckes's civil service j
bill, and several other bills therein mentioned.
By Mr. DRIGGS: The petition of F. Craw-
ford and 50 others, citizens of Tuscola county,
Michigan, asking the establishment of a new
post route in said county.
By Mr. EGGLESTON : The memorial of
Augustus W. Ballard, late additional paymas-
ter United States Army, praying to be reim-
bursed in the sum of £540, being the amount
taken from his safe in the city of Washington
on the 14th day of March. 1865.
By Mr. FARNSWORTH: The petition of
George W. White, of Travis county, Texas, for
the removal of disabilities.
By Mr. HIGBY: The petition of John
Straterson, for relief for loss of mail matter by
the overland mail to California.
Also, the petition of White & Bauer, for re-
lief for loss of mail matter bj' the overland mail
to California.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of J. D. and M. Williams and othei s,
merchants and dealers in distilled spirits in
the city of Boston, for the amendment or modi-
ficaion of the internal revenue law in relation
to distilled spirits.
By Mr. JENCKES: A resolution of the
B-oard of Trade of the city of Providence, Rhode
Island, recommending measures for the miti-
gation of the evils of maritime warfare.
By Mr. JUDD : The petition of Mrs. Web-
ster, asking a pension.
By Mr. JULIAN: A petition of 52 citi-
zens of New York, praying Congress to estab-
lish the right of women to vote by constitu-
tional amendment.
By Mr. KELLEY: A memorial of the
representatives of the religious society of
Friends in Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and
Delaware, respecting the Indians.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The petition of Francis
Ehrenberg, formerly of the one hundred and
third regiment New York volunteer infantry,
asking for a pension.
By Mr. TABER : The petition of Captain
Joseph Boyles, of Port Jefferson, New York,
and 22 others, masters of vessels, for protec-
tion against the arbitrary and illegal exactions
of State and municipal authorities against
masters and owners of vessels.
By Mr. VAN HORN, of New York: The
petition of John C. Lemon, late colonel of the
tenth New York cavalry, asking reimbursement
for expenses incurred, and compensation for
services rendered.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 27, 1869.
Praverby Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
executive communication's.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, transmitting a report from
the Secretary of State, with accompanying
documents, in relation to the gold medal pre-
sented to Mr. George Peabody, pursuant to
the resolution of Congress of March 10, 1807 :
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
He also laid before the Senate a message
from the President of the United btales, trans-
mitting for the consideration of Congress, in
conformity with the requirements of the sixth
section of the act of the 22d of June, 1SG0, a
copy of certain regulations for the consular
courts in China prohibiting steamers sailing
under the flag of the United States from using
or passing through the Straw Shoe channel
on the river Yangtse, decreed by S. Wells
Williams, charge d'affairs. oti the 1st of June,
and promulgated by George F. Seward, con-
sul general at Shanghai, on the 2oth of July,
1888, with the assent of five of the United
States consuls in China ; which, on motion of
Mr. Sumxer, was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
petition's and memorials.
ThePIiESIDBNTprotempore presented the
memorial of the Legislative Assembly of Mon-
tana Territory, in favor of an appropriation for
a national road from Fort Benton to the navi-
gable waters of the Columbia river : which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of the passage of a
law authorizing all persons who have taken
less than one hundred and sixty acre home-
steads under the provisions of the laws of the
United States to extend their privileges so as
to permit them to claim, take, prove up, and
hold enough more to make their homesteads
one hundred and sixty acres ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of John
M. Drowrey, praying the removal of the polit-
ical disabilities imposed on liim by acts of
Congress; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Ohio, praying the repeal of the act granting a
charter to the Masonic Hall Associauon in the
District of Columbia: which was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
citizens of Michigan, praying that women be
granted the right of suffrage ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Massachusetts, praying that women be
granted the right of suffrage ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOWE. I have been requested to pre-
sent a petition from John James Flonrnov, of
Jackson county, Georgia, asking for a variety
of relief. The principal seems to be that an
able phrenologist be appointed to craniologic-
ally examine all candidates for revenue appoint-
ments to see whether reverence, benevolence,
conscientiousness, causality, and coir.parson
be the leading protuberances. He thinks it
would have a tendency t,o check the trauds
under which the Government is now suffering
in that department of the service. [Laughter.]
T move its reference to the Committee on
Retrenchment.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. It will be
so referred.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish my friend from
Wisconsin, who has made a very proper refer-
ence of that petition, would attend the meet-
ings of the committee as a standard of com-
parison. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE also presented a petition of
citizens of Wisconsin, praying that women be
granted the right of suffrage ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FERRY presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Connecticut, praying the establishment,
of a mail route from Stamford. Connecticut, to
Poundridge, New York; which were referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Iioads.
Mr. POMEROY. I present a petition from
citizens of Kansas, praying that in any change
or amendment to the Constitution that may be
proposed either to extend or regulate suffrage
there shall be no distinction between men and
women. This petition is headed by Dr.
Updegraff, a distinguished citizen of my State,
and very numerously signed. I move its refer-
ence to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY also presented a petition of
citizens of Vermont, praying that, women be
granted the right of suffrage ; which was re-
ferred to th& Committee on the tiudiciary.
