622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of Alex-
ander H. Fultz, praying to be relieved from
political disabilities ; which was referred to the
Committee 011 the Judiciary.
Mr. ABBOTT presented a petition of the
Chamber of Commerce of Wilmington, North
Carolina, praying an appropriation for the im-
provement of the navigation of Cape Fear
river; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. SAWYER, presented the petition of L.
S. Payne, prayingthateompensationbegranted
to the Sisters of Mercy in Charleston, South
Carolina, for taking care of sick and wounded
soldiers during the lata war; which was referred
to the Committee 011 Claims.
Mr. WHYTE presented a petition of T. B.
Parton, of Virginia, praying the removal of
the political disabilities imposed on him by acts
of Congress; which was referred to the Com-,
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. NYE presented the petition of Thomas
Dickerson, praying the intervention of Con-
gress to protect all persons engaged in naviga-
tion from illegal exactions from the various
tonnage tax laws imposed by States, cities, and
sea-pott towns; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Coinmeicc.
He also piescnted the petition of captains
and owners of vessels plying" between Provi-
dence, Rhode Island, and Alexandria, Vir-
ginia, and Washington and Georgetown, Dis-
! 1 iet of Columbia, praying tiie intervention of
Congress to protect all persons engaged in
navigation from illegal exactions lrom the
various tonnage tax laws imposed by States,
eilies, and sea-port towns ; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented the petition of citizens of
the 'JVnitory of Dakota, praying that women
be granted I he right of suffrage; which was
referred to the Oommitte on the Judiciary.
Mr. PATTERSON, ofTennessee, presented
the petitions of John S. Copenhaver and Wil-
liam 0. Sexton, of Marion. Smyth county,
Virginia, praying a removal of the political
disabilities imposed on them by acts of Con-
gress; which wore referred to the Committee
on the J udieiary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Texas, praying the removal of the political
disabilities imposed on certain persons in that
State; which was referred to the Committee
on the .I udieiary.
Mr. 'I HA^l fill presented the petition of
Emily Hhjiio, widow of Paul II. Ilayne, of
Augusta, Georgia, praying to be allowed a
pension ; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. MOR I ON. } esfonlay the petition of
Phebe and Sylvia Ann Wood was referred to
the Committee on Claims, f desire to have its
reference changed, and to have it referied to
the Committee on Agriculture.
The PRKSlDENTprotopore. Thatcharige-
will be made it'lhere be 110 objection.
Mr. EDM UN DS. 1 have had sent to mo, I
do not know from what source, what purports
to be, and I dare say is, a petition from sundry
citizens of Vermont, asking for equal suffrage
between men and women. 1 have not the
pleasure to know any of these persons, but
presume the petition is genuine, and I there-
tore present it and move its reference to the
Committee 011 the Judiciary.
The moiioti was agieed to.
_ Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented a peti-
tion of citizens of Maine, praying that women
be granted the right of suffrage; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
__Mr. HARLAN presented the memorial of
Washington G. Irwin, praying compensation i
for services rendered as commander of company
J'.', forty-third regiment Ohio volunteers, from
January 1 to April 5, JP>G5 : which was referred
In the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the memorial of S. L.
Glasgow and others, citizens of Wayne county,
Iowa, piaying that a pension be granted to Mrs.
Sarah E. Haines, widow of George H. Haines,
iate a private in company K, eighteenth regi-
ment Missouri infantry ; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. ANTHONY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Rhode Island, praying that women be
granted the right of suffrage ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
reports of committees.
Mr. TB/UMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S, No. Gil) in addition to the several acts pro-
viding for suppressing insurrections against the
Government of the United States, reported it
back, and moved its indefinite postponement;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No. 180 J
proposing an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, reported it back, and
moved its indefinite postponement: which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following message, letter,
and petitions, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration; which was agreed to :
A message of the President of the United
States, recommending certain amendments to
the Constitution of the United States;
A letter from the president of the constitu-
tional convention of Texas, communicating the
report of the special committee on lawlessness
and violence in that State ;
'Two petitions of members of the bar of
Mississippi, praying that the place of holding
the United States courts be changed to Vicks-
burg ;
'The petition of Simeon Putnam, of Chelsea,
Massachusetts, praying that the Constitution be
so amended as to make the President and
Vice President to be elected by a direct vote
of the people ; and
A petition of citizens of North Carolina,
praying that provision be made for the payment
of claims of loyal citizens.
He also, from the tame committee, to whom
was referred the resolution of Mr. Mobton* to
pay the Senatois from North Carolina, South
Carolina, Florida, Alabama, Arkansas, and
Louisiana compensation from the commence-
ment, of the Fortieth Congress, reported it
biick, and moved its indefinite postponement;
which was agreed to.
lie also, fiom the same committee, to whom
was icferred the bill (S. No. 077) to punish the
crime of holding office in violation of the four-
teenth article of the Constitution, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 777) to
enforce certain provisions of the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, have instructed me to report it back
and recommend its indefinite postponement.
The subject of this bill is covered by the other
bill which the committee have reported with
an amendment. 1 move that this bill be indefi-
nitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 desire to inquire of the
Senator whether he has reported from the com-
mittee anv bill relating to Georgia?
^ Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir ; not specially.
We have reported a bill relating to Georgia and
all other States where any persons arc holding
or attempting to hold ofiiee contrary to the
Constitution of the United States, to make it
a punishable offense._ It applies to Georgia,
but not more to Georgia than to any other State.
Mr. SUMNER. May I ask the Senator
whether that is all the committee propose to
report applicable to Georgia?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is all that the com-
mittee have agreed upon and are ready to re- !
port at this time. We have several bills before j
the committee relating specially to Georgia, i
upon which the committee have not yet arrived '
at a definite conclusion. j
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. R. No. 1509) making ap-
propriations for the naval service for the year
ending June 30, 1870, reported it with amend-
ments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referied the joint resolution (S. R. No.
195) requiring the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land OlHee to transfer certain moneys,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 824) relative to
the refining of gold and silver bullion at the
Mint of the United States and branches, asked
to be discharged from its further considera-
tion, and that it be referred to the Committee
on Finance; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of the harbor com-
missioners of Massachusetts, praying an ap-
propriation for the completion of the works in
Boston harbor and Cape Cod harbor, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Commerce ; which was agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 253) to change
the name of Four-and-a-half street, in the city
of Washington, to "Lincoln avenue," reported
adversely.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Henry
Failing, praying that the Secretary of the
Treasury be authorized to issue to him a bond
in lieu of an Oregon war bond destroyed by
the burning of the steamer Golden Gate 011 the
27th of July, 1SG2, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. COBBETT. I ask leave of the Senate
to take up a little bill, No. 679, merely pro-
viding for the extension of time for the com-
pletion of a military road.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us go 011 with the morn-
ing business.
ilr. COIiBETT. It will take no time.
Mr. GRIMES. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it cannot be taken up at this time.
Mr. CORBRTT. I am willing to give way
for any morning business.
bills introduced.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 838) to prevent the collection of illegal
imposts under color of State authority; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee 011 Commerce.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 839)
to extend the boundaries of the States of Ne-
vada, Minnesota, and Nebraska, and the Terri-
tories of Colorado, Montana, and Wyoming;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee 011 Territories, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HENDERSON asked,and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 840) to enable the Cherokee, Creek, Sem-
inole, Choctaw, and Chickasaw people to be-
come citizens of the United States ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Committee
011 Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PO.UEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
iNo. 841) to revive the grant of lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad from Selma to
Gadsden, in the State of Alabama, and to con-
firm the same to the Selma, Rome, and Dalton
Railroad Company: which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WiLLE Y asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
842) to repeal the sixteenth section of an act in
addition to an act to promote the progress of
the useful arts, approved March 2. 1868;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Patents, (with a petition
of John Titus, of Philadelphia, on the subject,)
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORGAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 843) to designate the place of confinement
