TWIY CJO^GBISSIOMiAIi GLOBE.
January 27,
cajly it, i? impossible. While that report was
p<-.iid 1 ng before the Senate it .seems fchafc the
attention of the distinguished Senator from
Michigan [Mr. HoW-ahb] was called to the bill,
and governed by public "considerations as well
as by what he considered a proper regard to
the rights of Mr. MeGarrahan, that Senator
addressed a-letter to the Commissioner of the
General Land Office. That letter is dated on
the 16th of July last, and in that letter he
appeals to the Commissioner.tt> allow the case
to stand until Congress may take farther action
upon it, and the Senator informs the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office that Mr. Me-
Garrahan expects to present additional evi-
dence in support of his claim before the Senate.
This statement was made to the Commissioner
with a view of obtaining from him a postpone-
ment of any executive action. The answer of
the Commissioner to the Senator from Michi-
gan is as follows :
" I had the honorjust nowto receive your Commu-
nication of present date, advising mo that upon the
assurance of W. MeOarrahan, esq., that further
proofsvrould.be exhibited tending to establish his
claim to the tract of land embraced by the ' Panoche
Grande1 survey ia California, the chairman of the
Committee on Private Land Claims has assented to
postponement of further action during the present
session.
" Such being the case tho local land officers in Cali-
fornia will bo instructed Still further to suspend ac-
tion on claims falling-within tlio survey in question
until the matter shall be finally disposed of by
Congress."
That assurance was made by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office upon the
communication from the Senator from .Michi-
gan. That Senator in his letter said :
" X further told him"—
That is, Mr. MeGarrahan—
"I thought there would be no furtlicraction on tho
report at this session, and Mr. Williams, chairman
of tho committee, assented to this."
Mr. McGartabati in the middle of July was
assured that no further action would be taken
on this claim, so far as the chairman who made
the report could give that assurance. The
Commissioner of the General Land Office de-
cided to postpone any executive action upon it.
On Saturday night, the 25th of the month,
yVhen the business of the session was about
/r coming to a close, the bill was called up in the
Senate, perhaps in the absence of the chair-
man whojnade the report, who gave the assur-
ance that there would be no further action. I
take it it was in his absence, for he would have
stated at once that he had given this assurance
if he had been present when the Senator from
Nevada called the bill up. On the 2oth of the
month it was called np by the Senator from
Nevada furthest, from me, [Mr. Nye.] Then
a proposition was made to read the report.
That Senator said he would like to have the
report read; but the Senator from California,
[Mr. Cosxess,] who now very earnestly op-
poses the action of the Senate which will allow
the rest of us to know something about this
case, stated that the report was a lengthy one,
and another Senator from California said that
it would talce a long time to read it. Mr.
Stewart then said:
" Tho report reoommends that the bill be indefi-
nitely postponed. I therefore move, in accordance
with the repertof the otntttHittee, that the bill be
indefinitely postponed.
" The motion was agreed to."
Then, sir, upon the suggestion that it was a
lengthy report, it was not read. The debate
did not inform even the thin Senate then pres-
ent what were the merits of the claim. As I
understand the feet to have been, the bill was
called up in the evening and indefinitely post-
poned ; and this is the history of the case which
the Senator from Nevada now thinks ought to
prejudice the Senate against a further investi-
gation of it. Oil the next Monday, the 27th,
the two Senators from Nevadaand the Senator
from California addressed the Commissioner
ol' the General Land Office a letter, asking him
to proceed at once to defeat the -purpose of
Mr. MeGarrahan, under the assurance given by
the chairman of the committee and the iseaater
from Michigan that he should have a further
hearing if he presented additional evidence-to
the Senate. These three SswatoM unite in a
tetter to the Commissioner, asking him to pro-
ceed at once and- to secure the title to the' parties
who claim in opposition and hostility to Mr.
MeGarrahan. ■ ^ .
Mr. President, I am unable to perceive that
this history of the transaction should induce
any Senator to cast a vote which will make that
a final action of the Senate which took place
under circumstances that made it impossible
for the Senate to know the merits of the case.
Shall it now be held that the Senate adjudged
upon the merits of the case when tho record
shows that it was a matter of fact that the Sen-
ate did not. -consider the merits? No Senator,
perhaps, except the chairman who made the
report and those associated with him upon the
committee, and the gentlemen who seem to
take a special interest in it, knew anything ot
the merits of this case, I presume. I believe
I had never heard of it, nor do I undertake
now to speak upon the merits. I do not know
what the merits are. It is enough for me to
know that a private citizen asks the ear ot the
Senate of the United States, and I do not pip"®
whether it relates to league.! of land in Califor-
nia in hostility to a rich mining company or
whether it relates to but a dollar in money I
am in favor of that construction of our rules
which shall be liberal toward him and give him
an opportunity to be heard. I am notinfavor
of that strict ruling which shall hold a technical
motion to be a disposal of the merits of the
case, when, in fact, the Senate did not consider
the merits. It had no opportunity to consider
the merits. MeGarrahan now asks that he
shall be heard, and it is claimed by the three
distinguished Senators who addressed this let-
ter to the Commissioner of the General Land
Office that because the Senate indefinitely post-
poned at a late hour of the night on the 25th
of July last the Senate cannot touch it. A
technical rule is brought to bear upon theSen-
ate to close up investigation against a citizen.
It is enough for the Senate to see that this man
is opposed by a mining company out there.
He asks to be heard in the Senate. He has
been heard by a committee. That committee
has expressed its opinion adversely to him. It
may be right. The presumption is that the
report of the committee is right; but it is not
conclusive upon the Senate. I say that when
a citizen asks to be heard the Senate itself
should hear him.
And now, sir, is the Senate technically
estopped ? No, sir. The parliamentary law
is that an indefinite postponement simply is a
declaration by the body that it will not act
upon that bill again during that session ; and
that is all of it. That session has passed and
gone ; and we have a rule of this body that a
bill that has not been finally disposed of upon
its merits shall live overand may be considered
now; and it is right, sir, and I think that these
Senators cannot maintain their argument in
favor of a technical estoppel on the part of the
Senate against hearing the plea of the citizen
in regard to his land.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, inasmuch
as the Senator from Indiana has now based
his claim to overthrow a rule of the Senate as
old as the Government on the merits of this
case, it becomes material and important to
know on what the Senate did act. Now, we
have a right to light on the subject, and we
are entitled to have the report of the commit-
tee read, and furthermore we are entitled to
know whether Mr. MeGarrahan and his friends
have a dispensing power so that they can go
to the Departments, as they have for the last
two years, and say that men who have acquired
rights under the laws of their country shall be
denied those rights. We are entitled to know
whether, after having been three times driven
from tb« Supreme Court and his claim branded
as an infamous fraud, and adverse rights hav-
ing grown up under the laws of the country,
those rights can be trifled with at the request
of Mr. MeGarrahan.
I say it was the duty of the Senators repre-
senting that portion of the country to urge the
disposition of this Case so tha-tthe laws might
be enforced; so that those men might have
their rights. They were preemptors under the
law. They had acted under the law. The laws
had been suspended for over a year at the time
that this occurred, and Mr. MeGarrahan as-
sumed that they might be further suspended.
I was anxious that the case should be brought
up at the last session. Mr. MeGarrahan
wanted it postponed so that these men could
be kept out of their property still longer.
In order to show that this case has been
investigated, and that the Senate may know
something of it, I ask the Clerk to read the
report of the committee. Let us get some idea
of it and see whether it is proper to forever
suspend the laws that have been passed in this
body and in the other after mature discussioa;
for if Mr. MeGarrahan has any rights he has
them under the law, as I shall go on to show,
that was passed for him and all others similarly
situated. We provided in the law for the dis-
position of such cases after many days of dis-
cussion. Those were the eases that the Supreme
Court had rejected—Spanish land grants. The
rights of the parties were all provided for, and
they were turned over to those rights. Men
have invested their money under those con-
siderations. He was aware of the law, and his
claim had been rejected. This Congress has
fixed a mode of procedure. Now, he asks,
after that mode of procedure has been fixed,
that the property of others shall be taken and
given to him, that he shall be allowed to buy it
at $1 "25 an acre, and he asks that others shall
be kept out of their rights until he can get a
bill through Congress. That they might have
a chance to assert their rights, that they might
have a chance to enjoy the rights they had
under the law, it was the duty of Senators who
were familiar with the case to hasten its final
determination; and now that the committee
have investigated it I call for the reading of the
report.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I understand that in
this case there was a report made in the House
of Representatives from the J udiciary Com-
mittee, headed by Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, in
favor of this claim. There is also a report
from the Senate committee, as the Senator
states, unfavorable to the claim, which in the
former debate was stated to be of some length.
I suggest to the Senator from Nevada that it
is scarcely worth while for us to occupy time
in the reading of these reports at present. The
decision of this question of order will determine
whether we are to proceed with the investiga-
tion of this case upon the merits, and he can
see that if we enter upon the merits by con-
sidering one report, necessarily we shall be
compelled t,o have the other read.
Mr. STEWART. Nobody would think of
upsetting this rule, which has been in operation
since the foundation of the Government, ex-
cept to reach some meritorious case ; and it is
alleged by the Senator from Indiana that this
is such a meritorious case that technical rules
should not intervene.
Mr. HENDRICKS. An argument is never
strengthened by misunderstanding the position
occupied by an opponent. I said that before
the Senate the presumption now stood m favor
of the adverse report of the committee. I
even went that far. Instead of basing my
argument upon the merit of the claim itself, I
simply based it upon the merit of the claim
that the party be beard.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Nevada asks that the report be read,
and that question ought to be settled first.
Mr. MORTON. 1 rise to a question of order
on that.
Mr. STEWART. I have not got through
with my reply to the Senator from Indiana,
FMr P? i?VTvi>tr,TrQ 1
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The rule
is that when the reading of a paper is called
for, and it is objected to, it is to be decided by
the Senate without debate.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope it will not be read.
It throws ho light upon the subject at all.
