fas CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
will be continued to-morrow, bat I have no
objection to testing the sense of the Senate on
continuing it. I do not expect any final action
to- dav.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not, then, pass
over informally the pending bill, to enable the
Senator from Ohio to submit his remarks on
his bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think that is the
better way. Any Senator can move to take
up the railroad bill after I get through.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a difficulty
about that. I suggest to the Senator whether
it would not be well to let the pending bill
be laid aside informally until he submits his
remarks ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather make the
usual general motion. The Senate, as a mat-
ter of course, can do as they see proper about
the order of business after we have progressed
somewhat with the bill.
Mr. STEWART. I want it understood that
to-morrow I shall insist upon the special order,
the constitutional amendment in regard to suf-
frage.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio,
to postpone the pending and all other prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the bill
mentioned by him.
Mr. DOOLITTLB. I simply desire to say
one word in reply to my honorable friend from
Oregon. 1 do not understand this to be an
appeal to the courtesy of the Senate. If the
Senator from Ohio had desired the special
order to lie over informally, or any one had
asked that it might lie over informally in order
that he might make a speech on another bill,
that would be an appeal to courtesy ; but when
a motion is made to displace the pending bill
by another I do not think it is an appeal to
courtesy.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Cattell, Cole,
Conkling, Connosp, Uorbett.Davis, Dixon, Edmunds,
I'rohngliuyson, Grimes, Harris, Henderson, Howe,
McCreery, Morgan, Morrill of Vermont,"Morton,
Osborn, Patterson of Now Hampshire, Patterson of
Tennessee. Pool. Robertson, Kheruian, Stewart,
Wade. Warner, Why to, Willey, Williams, and Wil-
son—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cameron, Chandler,
Crasrin, Dooiittle. Drake, Ferry. Eess^iiden, i'owier,
Harlan, Hendricks^ Howard, Kellogg, McDonald,
Morrill of Maine, Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey. Kice, Ross,
Sawyer, Surnoor, I'hajer, Van Winkle, Viekers, and
Welch—20.
ABSEJNT—Messrs. Bayard, Norton, Saulsbury,
Spencer, Spragno, 'Upton, Trumbull, and Yates—8.
So the motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC D1SHT AND CUEKENCY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing and former orders having been postponed,
the question now is on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, to take up the bill (S. No. 703)
in relation to the public debt and the currency.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to make a suggestion? I propose to
recommit this bill to the Committee on Finance
with positive instructions to bring in a particu-
lar bill. I suggest to the honorable Senator
that my proposition be read with a view to his
having it before him in connection with the
bill on which he proposes to speak.
The PRESIDENT^?™ tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Kentucky wilt be read if
there be no objection.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed motion,
which was to recommit the bill to the Com-
mittee on Finance, with instructions to strike
out all after the enacting clause of the bill and
in lieu of the matter so stricken out to report
a bill embodying the substance of the follow-
ing propositions:
1. Gold and silver coin is the measure of par
established b.v the world and adopted by the Consti-
tution ol tho United States for all property, values,
debts, and other pecuniary liabilities: and the Gov-
ernment of the united States having on the sale of
the bonds which constitute the bulk of the national
debt received greatly less, when measured by the par
of gold and silver coin, than their nominal amount,
said bonds should be discharged by the payment in
coin of their value by that par at the dates they
■were respectively sold by the Government, and the
future interest upon said bonds should be reduced
to five per cent, per annum on their value as afore-
said, payable in coin'. , .
2. That all other debts and pecuniary liabilities
created or incurred since the issue of legal-tender
notes, and which do not express to bo payable in gold
or silver coin, were contemplated and intended by
the parties to be met and paid in currency: and on
the general resumption of specie payments, such
debts and liabilities should be discharged by thepay-
ment in gold and silver coin of their value by that
par when they become due and payable.
3. That the annual expenditures of the Govern-
ment should be reduced within the following general
scale; for the civil service, $45,000,000; pensions and
Indians, $30,000,000; Department of War, $25,000,000;
Navy Department, $20,000,000; contingencies and
miscellaneous, $10.000,000; and interest on the pub-
lic debt, $50,000,000; and the whole surplus of the
revenue should be faithfully applied to the extin-
guishment of the public debt.
4. The taxes which are now so grievous a burden
upon the people of the United States should be re-
duced at least $100,000,000 annually of their aggre-
gate amount, and a day within three years should
be named for the general resumption of specie pay-
ments. J
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, Isuppose
it is expected of me to state ijf general terms
the reasons that iSfflMJlllLwdyne Committee on
Finance to report this measure, and also to
state why other measures of a financial charac-
ter referred to the committee have not received
its sanction.
And in the first place it isbnt right to recall
the embarrassments of the committee, not only
from the intrinsic difficulties of the subjects
referred to us, but from the great diversity of
opinion that exists in all parts of the country
as to the proper measures to be adopted. I
appeal to no party to sustain this measure, yet
we must all recognize the difficulty of harmo-
nizing the great diversities of opinion that exist
on financial measures except by a partial sur-
render of individual opinion and something
like a party support of any measure that may
be agreed upon.
In order to consider this measure properly
we must have a clear perception of what is
sought to be accomplished. The object we
have in view is to appreciate our currency to
the standard of gold as rapidly as the public
interest will allow. Our present currency or
'• lawfulmoney" consistsof notesof the United
States, and these are a legal tender in payment
of all debts. Based upon them, and of equal
value with them, is a subsidiary currency of
notes of national banks, and these are redeem-
able in United States notes, and are receivable
in payment of taxes. We have also a form of
demand notes, convertible at the will of the
holder into lawful money, called three per cent,
certificates. We have also a fractional paper
currency which is convertible into lawful money
on demand. These four species of notes com-
pose the paper currency of the country, and
the amount of each is stated as follows;
United States notes...... 5356.021,073
National bank notes  299,800.305
Three per cent, certificates  55,865 000
Fractional currency  34,215,7!f>
In all $745,908,353
All this currency is by law at par. By law
it is either made the standard of value Or may
at pleasure be converted into the standard of
value. It is the legal measure of all commod-
ities and of all debts, except for duties on im-
ported goods and interest of the public debt.
But in truth and in fact it is not at par in the
standard money of the world. One dollar of
it has only the same purchasing power as sev-
enty-four cents in gold. Gold, which is real
money, not the representative of money, but
money itself, of intrinsic value, recognized as
such by every man in all civilized coilntries and
in all ages of the world—gold is demonetized
by the law, cannot be collected in the courts,
and, like cotton or wheat, is treated as a com-
modity whose value is measured by what we
call "lawful money."
Now, it seems to me that the first step in
our investigation should be to abandon the
attempt to reason from a false standard. We
must, to begin with, recognize the immutable
law of currency; and that is, there is but one
par, and that par is gold. Since the earliest
records of humanity gold and silver have been
employed as the equivalent for effecting ex-
changes. From Solon to our day innumerable
attempts have been made to substitute some-
thing else as money, but in spite of all gold
and silver have maintained their exclusive
dominion as the money of mankind.
The gold in the shield of Achilles, the shekels
that bought the field at Macbpelah, the pieces
of silver the price of the blood of our Saviour,
will be current coin when the completed his-
tory of nations now rising into greatness will
be folded away among the records of time.
No nation can permanently adopt a standard
of value that will not be controlled and regu-
lated by the standard of gold. No degree of
isolation', no expedient of legislation, can save
any nation which maintains any intercourse
with foreign nations from the operation of this
supreme law. Like the tides of the ocean or
the movements of the planets, it is beyond our
jurisdiction. This higher law of the standard
of values will sooner or later govern and regu-
late all prices, even of commodities that do not
enter into foreign exchanges. It is utterly
idle for a commercial people like the United
States, with a foreign commerce of $800,000,000
annually, with citizens trading in every port
of the world, and receiving annually four hun-
dred thousand immigrants, to escape from the
operation of this primary law of trade. Differ-
ent nations have tried various expedients to
evade it, and have always failed. For centu-
ries gold and silver coins were clipped and
alloyed, but it only took more of them to buy
a certain commodity. In modern times paper
money or credit has been substituted for real /
money. Laws compelled the people to tak£"
them as money. As long as this money did
not exceed the amount of real money in the
country it operated well. It promoted ex-
changes and gave great activity to enterprises,
and its nominal value was the same as its real
value. But when the paper money was in-
creased or the gold exported, the paper money
depreciated; it had less purchasable power,
prices rose, and either the papermoney became
demonetized, was rejected and repudiated, or
the false standard was advanced in value to the
gold standard.
The most successful attempt to substitute
paper money for real money took place in
Great Britain in 1797. The Bank of England,
then havingin circulation $55,000,000 of notes,
was forbidden by an act of Parliament to pay
its notes in coin, and they were, in effect, made
a legal tender. By 1810 the amount of them
was gradually increased to $110,000,000. It
was observed that though gold was demon-
etized'aud its export prohibited, yet that its
market value had risen near twenty per cent.,
or from £46 14s. Gd. to £56 for a pound of
gold. An eminent writer on political econ-
omy called attention to this fact as conclusive
evidence of the depreciation of the paper cur-
rency. A committee of the House of Com-
mons, of whom were several of the most emi-
uent statesmen and financiers of England, gave
the subject a careful examination, and the
result was the famous " bullion report." A
majority of this committee agreed that in spite
of the act of Parliament gold was still the true
standard of value, and, measured by this stand-
ard, the currency was depreciated by an excess
of Bank of England notes. They- say—
"That no safe, certain, and constantly adequate
provision against an excess of paper currency, eit.her
occasional or permanent, can be formed, except in
the convertibility of all such paper into specie."
Still, driven by the pressure of war, the bank
issued more notes, and their depreciation con-
tinued until the close of the war. The bank
slowly entered upon the hard task of appre-
ciating its notes to the gold standard. •£.
During our brief national history wer have
made several efforts to substitute paper money
for real money. Continental money was a
revolutionary effort to coin paper into money.
General Spinner has had occasion recently to
inform some Rip Van Winkle, who wished con-
