1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
627
tinental money redeemed in lawful money, that
provision had been made to redeem it at the
rate of one dollar in coin for one hundred dol-
lars continental money, but even tliis poor
privilege expired in 1703.
During the war of 1812 the United States
undertook to treat State bank bills as lawful
money. They soon became depreciated, and
when the war was over and it became neces-
sary to appreciate them to the gold standard,
notes, banks, and debtors were swept Into gen-
eral bankruptcy, and the people commenced
again upon the solid basis of gold and silver
■coin.
So, during our civil war, both the United
States and the rebels undertook to make paper
?iot merely the representative of money, but
real money. The paper money of the rebels
followed the course of continental monej and
French assignats. Ours, carefully limited in
amount, supported by heavy taxes and by great
resources, is still called lawful money; but,
after all, its value is daily measured by thegold
standard. It is only the substitute of money
to be paid at a future day, and is notreal money.
Even silver, long the standard of value among
civilized nations, is now demonetized in some
of them from the impossibility of maintaining
a doublestandard. It was found by experience
>„hat the market value of these two precious
metals varied as the production of one or the
other increased in amount, thus creating con-
fusion and compelling alterations in the coin-
age. The result Is that silver in Great Britain
and the U nited States is a legal tender for but
small amounts, while gold is the universal
standard of value. Even the stamp fixed by a
Government in the process of coining does not
make it money or change its value. It only
certifies to Its weight and fineness as a matter
of convenience and not as an addition of value.
Indeed the mechanical process of coining has
Frequently reduced the market value of thegold
by making It necessary to receive it when ex-
ported.
Let us, then, recognize as an axiom that noth-
ing but coin is the real money before we under-
take to deal with our currency. And Senators
may think I consume too much time in dealing
with an apparent truism, but it will be found
that the denial of this truism, both in Congress
and among the people, is the cause of most of
tire confusion in the public mind as to our cur-
rency. It affects our minds as it affected the
Englishman In 1810. When told that the Bank
of England note was depreciated he said: '' Is
not this pound note worth twenty shillings, and
you tell me it is only worth sixteen?" Or like
the reasoning of the learned priests in the time
of Galileo, who saw the sun moving around the
four corners of the earth and knew that Galileo
was an imposter. So we call our paper money
par, and having made a god with our own
hands compare all other gods by it. We must,
then, abandon the false standard, set up again
the true standard, and compare again our
money, our productions, our wealth, and our
resources by the true standard, or we will allow
ourselves to be led by false premises into the
most erroneous conclusions.
And yet this does not impugn the wisdom of
a paper currency founded upon the credit of a
nation, or of it being made in times of great
public danger a legal tender in payment of
debts. Such paper money has exercised a
powerful influence in ancient as well as modern
history. It saved Rome in lier fierce conflict
with Hannibal. It enabled Great Britain to
maintain her wars against Napoleon. With-
out paper money, and. as I believe, without
snaking it a legal tender, we could not have
mustered and maintained our immense armies
during the recent war. Gold was banished by
the war. The quantity was too small for the
vast expenditure required by the war. We had
then no legal paper representative of value.
The State bank notes were _ wisely excluded
from national circulation. We then cautiously
issued our legal-tender notes, carefully limiting
their amount, and only increasing the amount
when we could not borrow them back at a rea-
sonable rate of interest. We called them law-
ful money, and as a measure of the highest ne-
cessity compelled our citizens to receive them
as such, but after all they were only a forced
substitute for money, the promise to pay money,
and not real money. Though they were made
the legal standard of value their own value was
daily fixed in gold in the open market in New
York. We watched their depreciation as the
dark days of the war came on, and tried to ar-
rest it. We utterly failed. The effort was patri-
otic, but it was impossible. England did the
same in her wars. She passed laws forbidding
the purchase and sale or exportation of gold,
but, like ours, her efforts were abortive. 1 am
not ashamed to confess my part in all the ef-
forts made during the war to maintain our paper
money as the true standard of value, and I con-
fess it was Impossible. Every Intelligent busi-
ness man watched daily the gold barometer,
which with unerring certainty fixed the value
of our greenbacks, of our public credit and
bonds, as it did the value of our cotton and
■corn. ~4™
A distinction between the standard of value
and the actual agent of exchange must always
be kept in view. One nrast be gold, and the
other ought to be paper money convertible
into gold.
Such paper currency, with proper measures
to meet panics or extreme drains of specie, is
proven by all experience to be the best possible
currency that lias yet been devised by man.
An unmixed coin currency cannot exist In a
commercial country,'for necessity will compel,
merchants will devise, and the people will use
some representative of money whether it be
banker's bills of exchange, certificates of de-
posit, or bank or Government paper money.
And one unbending, unrelaxingruie that eom-
pelspaym-ent In coin atail times, during panics,
distress, or war, as well as in peace, will period-
ically produce disaster and bankruptcy. The
requisites of a good currency are—
1. That it be a paper currency.
2. That It be amply secured either by the
credit of a nation or by unquestioned collaterals.
3. That except in extreme eases of panie
it be convertible into coin.
4. That provisions be made for a suspension
of the right to demand coin during such panics.
And the only legislative question that can
arise on these points are whether the paper
money should be issued by the nation or by
corporators, and what relief shall be provided
in case of a necessary suspension of specie
payments. As to the first question, both Eng-
land and the United States have settled upon
a bank currency secured by the public credit.
As to the second, they have tried various de-
vices, as the raising of the rate of interest, a
temporary suspension of payments, making the
paper a legal tender; but all these expedients
are merely temporary to bridge over a war, a
panic, a period of starvation, or an unnatural
adverse balance of trade. They are remedies
in sickness to be discarded the moment that
health comes again. Whatever theorists may
suggest, however sugar-coated the remedy may
be, there is but one test of a healthy paper
currency, and that is its convertibility into gold
coin.
If, then, gold only Is the true standard of
money, why shall we not commence our finan-
cial measures by restoring it. to its place as a
legal standard of money? Why not allow our
citizens to base their future contracts on gold ?
Why not enforce these contracts in the courts
as legal and valid? There are difficulties in
applying a new standard to existing contracts
made upon a different standard : but this dif-
ficulty does not apply to future contracts. We
wish to restore specie payments, and yet we
forbid all men from dealing in specie. Such
contracts are put upon the same legal footing
as gaming contracts. It would seem that if
we are at all sincere in wishing specie pay-
ments we should not only promote specie con-
tracts, but should encourage them.
Contracts, to a vast amount, are now from
necessity made upon the gold basis. All our for-
eign commerce, exports and imports, amount-
ing annually to over eight hundred million dol-
lars, are based upon gold. The price of all
public securities is fixed by the gold standard
of London and Frankfort. The sale of all
imported goods by the importer to the jobber
is by the gold standard. The daily transac-
tions in gold in New York often amount to
$100,000,000. On the Pacific slope gold is
the only standard of value. We cannot alter
this if we would. Why not recognize the fact,
legalize these contracts, and conform our
measures to the gradual adjustment of exist-
ing contracts, including paper money, to the
standard of gold.
And, sir, let us also recognize the general
principle that it is wiser and more in accord-
ance with the spirit of our Government to leave
this adjustment to the voluntary contracts of
the people rather than undertake it by arbi-
trary rules of law. If our people are left free
they can do this without injury to debtor or
creditor, without confiscation of property, and
without any change in the instrinsie value of
property.
For these reasons the Committee on Financc
regard the first section of this bill, which legal-
izes gold contracts, as an indispensable pre-
liminary to any plan for appreciating our cur-
lency to gold. This section has twice received
the sanction of the Senate, and Its primary
Importance has generally been admitted in pop-
ular discussions.
The objections to this section are stated by
the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Mohtox,] as
follows:
"Tho moans he suggests for returning to specie
payments are twofold. The first, is to iegaiizespecific
contracts to be executed in com. I voted for a bill
for that purpose last session without much consid-
eration, and have since become satisfied it was an
error. The unwary would bo enticed into such con-
tracts by the crafty, and those in itraightened cir-
cumstances or under heavy pres-ure would be forced
into them. No man can safely make a contrae*. to
be executed in coin, while the, currency is depreciated
and the financial condition of the country is fluc-
tuating. Such contracts, where not brought about
by coercion and fraud, would be in the nature of gold
gambling—the one party trusting that gold would
be at a large premium when the contract was due,
and the other that it would command little or none.
It could hardly be distinguished from a contract for
the delivery of gold at a future time."
This whole objection is based upon the theory
that contracts cannot be safely left to the free
assent of the parties thereto ; that the parties
cannot be trusted to make their own contracts
lest the creditor oppress the debtor. Sir, tho
time is not likely to come in our day when the
crafty will not have the advantage of the un-
wary. If we were legislating to protect the
unwary we should not for a day permit the
existence of inconvertible paper money. Mr.
Webster said that—
"Of all the contrivances for cheating tho laboring
classes of mankind none has been more efi'eetual
than that which deludes them with paper money."
The chief reason is that such paper money
is so fluctuating that none but the intelligent
and crafty can estimate its fluctuations, while
the unwary assume that it is equivalent to gold.
If we, then, legislate to protect the unwary we
should require all contracts to be on the gold
basis, but experience shows that the true basis
of contracts is the assent of the parties. We
can leave the interest of parties to regulate
equivalents, and we can protect a gold con-
tract against usury and fraud much more easily
than a contract payable in currency.
The Senator from Indiana proposes to add
to the burden of existing contracts an annual
interest equivalent to twelve per cent, by re-
quiring gold payment in two and a half years.
If the parties were left to adjust this matter by
contract they are not likely to adopt a more
severe measure to the debtor than his. If It
is unsafe to allow parties to make a contract
in coin, how can they be allowed to make
contracts in currency to be appreciated in coin
in two and a half years? It' coin contracts
are brought about by coercion and fraud the
courts will not enforce them, and if gold is
required as a consideration for payment ol a
currency contract it is usurious and will not
