1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
629
Persons of fixed salaries sud incomes are
benefited by an appreciation of the currency to
the fall extent of the appreciation. Their
incomes have increased purchasing power, and
they are enabled to extend their purchases,
supply new wants, and add to their capital,
file opposite effect during the war, when the
currency was being depreciated,carried distress
and want and poverty into many comfortable
homes. It fell with severe effectupon preach-
ers and widows and old men, who saw the pur-
chasing power of their annuities melt away, and
a condition of independence changed to pov-
erty and want. They will, by an appreciation
of the currency, be restored to their own again.
Merchants, dealers, traders, and bankers will
be affected by an appreciation of the currency
precisely as their debts and credits bear to
each other. If they owe more than they can
promptly collect on debts due to them they
must lose to the full extent of the appreciation,
and they must make this loss good by a sale of
a part of their property at reduced prices or
by contracting new debts to be paid in an
appreciated currency. As a general rule, any
appreciation of the currency is injurious to all
these classes, for they are generally in debt,
and even where enough is due thera to pay
with yet the delay in payment or the failure
of their debtors almost always embarrasses
them. Commercial and banking usage com-
 els promptness, so that a merchant or a
banker, however prudent he may be, is often
compelled to sacrifice his assets to meet a sud-
den appreciation of the currency.
But the distress caused by an appreciation
of the currency falls mainly on the debtor class ;
others suffer only by reason of his inability to
nay. What does specie payments mean to a
debtor? It means the payment of §135 where
he has agreed to pay §100, or, which is the same
thing, the payment of $100 where he hasagreed
to pay seventy-four dollars. Where he has par-
chased property and paid one fourth of it, it
means the loss of the property ; it means the
addition of one fourth to all currency debts in
1 lie United States. A measure to require a
debtor now to pay his debt in gold or currency
equivalent to gold requires him to po.y one hun-
dred and thirty-five bushels of wheat when he
agreed to pay one hundred, and if this appre-
ciation is extended through a period of three
years it requires him to pay an interest of twelve
per cent, in addition to the rate he has agreed
to pay. When we consider the enormous in-
debtedness of a new country like ours, where
capital is scarce, and where credit has been
substituted in the place of capital, it presents a
difficulty that may well cause us to pause. We
may see that the chasm must be crossed, but
it, will make us wary of our footsteps. Good
faith and public policy demand that we appre-
ciate our currency to gold, but in the process
•we must bo careful that bankruptcy, distress,
and want do not fall upon our fellow-citizens
who have based their obligations upon your
broken promises.'' The debtors of this country
include the active, enterprising, energetic men
in all the various employments of life. It is a
serious proposition to change thdir contracts
so as in effect to require them to pay one third
more than they agreed to pay. They have not
caused in their business to study questions of
political economy. They have based their
operations upon this money, which you have
declared to be lawful money. You may change
its relative value, but in doing so you should
give them a reasonable opportunity to change
their contracts so as to adapt them to the new
standards of value you may prescribe for them.
Before discussing the measure proposed by
the committee, which Senators may consider
not specific enough or not rapid enough, let us
look to history for lights to guide us in a most
difficult and dangerous passage.
The appreciation of the currency is a far
more distressing operation than Senators may
suppose. Our own and other nations have gone
through this process before, and always with
the sorest distress. Sometimes they have re-
pudiated the depreciated currency, and, from
the necessity of the case, fallen back upon bar-
ter and gold. Such as I have already stated
was the case with the continental money, with
the French assignors, and with confederate
scrip. All these revolutionary movements were
accompanied with the utter destruction of
credit and trade. We have also to guide us sev-
eral examples of the appreciation of a debased
currency.
At the revolution of 1688, in England, the
silver coin, then a legal tender, had become so
depreciated by wear and by clipping as to be
worth only seventy-five per cent, of the mint
standard, and this was practically the only cur-
rency. It became necessary to appreciate this
currency to the mint standard. As all prices
and obligations of debt had become adjusted
to the lowered value of the existing coin, it
was proposed to reduce the mint standard to
the current standard, or to issue new shillings
at one and one fourth shillings. This was
opposed by Isaac Newton and John- Locke,
the two " foremost men of all the world," who
contended that if the loss of recoinage was
thrown upon the mint it would not affect the
individuals at all. This view was strongly
opposed by practical merchants, but new shil-
lings were issued and exchanged for the old
shillings at par. As between the mint and the
holder of the old shillings this was all right;
but the effect was immediately disastrous upon
all prices. It took one third more commodi-
ties to get the new shillings, but the old num-
ber of shillings was required to pay a debt.
Merchants, traders, and debtors were ruined.
The Bank of England, then in its infancy, only
escapcd failure by issuing its notes payable
in installments. A rival bank was utterly
wrecked. Small capitalists found themselves
ruined, and laborers and artisans deprived of
employment. Hence the unpopularity of Wil-
liam the Third, and the prevalence of general
discontent during his reign.
A similar condition of currency to our own
existed in Great Britain after the general peace
of 1815. ..For eighteen years the notes of the
Bank of England were practically a legal
tender, and upon them, as upon ourgreenbacks, 1
was based a currency issued by the country ;
banks. Though the aggregate of all this paper j
circulation never amounted to $250,000,000,
yet it at times depreciated from twenty to thirty
per ceut. below par. When the war was over j
measures were slowly adopted for the appro- i
eiation of this currency to the gold standard.
These measures resulted in a reduction of the I
paper currency from $231,000,000 in 1815 to j
$152,000,000 in 1821. Commercial paper, dis- j
counted at the Bank of England, fell from j
875,000,000 in 1815 to S13,000,000 in 1821. !
It is only necessary to appeal to the histories j
of the time to show the disastrous effect. The j
productive value of capital was increased fifty I
per cent. A thousand dollars in 1821 would i
buy more than eighteen hundred dollars in ;
1815. Small traders, debtors, and laborers |
were reduced to the sorest distress. The loss i
to them was far greater than the actual depre- ;
eiation of the currency, for all confidence and j
trust were lost. The only compensation to Great ;
Britain was the rapid fall in the rate of interest ■
from the abundance of idle capital, and her -
ability to reduce the interest of her public debt j
within a short period to three per cent. ;
If Senators wish other examples of the ;
severe process of passing from a depreciated ,
currency to a gold currency, or to a paper cur- i
rency convertible into gold, let them read the i
story of the times after the Revolution and
after the war of 1812 and after the revulsions
of 1837, all of which were periods of transition i
from a depreciated paper currency to a con- i
vertible paper currency. Sir, it is not possible ;
to take this voyage without sore distress. To j
every person except a capitalist otit.^of debt or i
to the salaried officer or annuitant it is a period
of loss, danger, lassitude of trade, fall ot wages,
suspension of enterprise, bankruptcy, or disas-
ter. To every railroad it is an addition of at least
one third to the burden of the debt; and more
than that, deduction from the value of its stock.
j! To every bank it means the necessity of paying
j! $150 for one hundred of its notes and deposits,
; except so far as the bank may transfer this to
I * its debtors. It means the ruin of all dealers
! whose debts are twice their capital though one
i' third less than their property. It means the
; fall of all agricultural productions without any
very great reduction of taxes. To attempt this
task suddenly, by a surpiise upon our people,
: by at once paralyzing their industry, byarrest-
; ing them in the midst of lawful business and
.! applying a new standard of value to their prop-
1 erty without any reduction of their debt or
giving thorn an opportunity to compound with
their creditors or distribute their loss, would
be an act of folly without example in evil in
modern times.
Tt is sometimes said that we did this in the
passage of the legal-tender act; that we in-
flicted the same loss on the creditor that we
now deprecate for the debtor. This is not true.
The effect of the legal-tender act was undoubt-
edly to depreciate our notes, but the process
was very slow and gradual. For more than a
year it scarcely operated as a depreciation, and
during all the time the capital paid off by
depreciated notes was invested in bonds, bank
stocks, railroads, and manufacturing pursuits
created by the war, which yielded as much in
gold as the capital produced before the war.
Capital lost nothing by the war even when paid
in greenbacks, for the demands for capital
during the war made ample amends for the
loss by the depreciation in greenbacks. It is
estimated that the interest-bearing capital of
this country now is, upon the gold basis, more
than double the capital in 18G0. And if it
be true that appreciation now will only ivorlr
the same injury to the debtor that depreda-
tion did to the creditor we would not be jus-
tified in peace in inflicting the same injuries
justified by war; and the creditor, who is usually
the holder of property, is better able to bear
the loss of a portion of the money due him
than the debtor is to bear an addition to his
burden. Our power over the creditor is unlim-
ited. We may levy taxes upon him to any
amount, but we have no power to vary a con-
tract or add to the Burden of an existing debt.
The question then remains, what mode of
appreciation of the value of greenbacks wii!
operate the least injuriously to all the varied
business interests of our constituents? and
upon this point your committee, after the most
careful consideration, came to the conclusion
that the only and best plan was to allow them
to be funded at the pleasure of the holder into
interest-bearing bonds of the United States.
In designating the bond we have selected
that now familiar to the people, the ten-forty
bond. The market value of this bond if now
but slightly above that of the legal tenders. ,so
that the process of appreciation of the notes
will be slow and will only advance with the
improving credit of the country. It is a bond
bearing as low a rate of interest as we are
likely to negotiate, and yet of such intrinsic
value that we may hope to see it at par with
gold within a short period. It enables us uftor
ten years to take advantage of the money mar-
ket to still further reduce the interest, its
credit is supported by a permanent appropri-
ation from an ample fund sufficient without
further act of Congress to pay off every dollar
of the didit in twenty-five years.
Again, sir, this provision of the bi'l is right
when tested by the moral sense. When for
sufficient reasons we cannot pay the note in
coin we are bound to give to the holder our note
with interest. Such from the beginning was
the policy of the Government. When the notes
were first issued under.the act of February 25,
1802, they were cunvcrtibleat will irto bonds.
We, with a questionable device, by the act of
March 3, 18tii>,took away that right, and should
now restore it. Duiing the war a greenback
would purchase an equal amount, of bends of
any character offered in the market. It paid
at par for the five-twenties, the t .-n-forfies and
the seven-thirties." Itis now less valuable than
these bonds only because it is dishonored
