630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
paper, which though due is unpaid, and is only
valuable as a forced currency, which you com-
pel your citizens to take in payment of their
debts, but refuse to take for your own bonds
except at a discount. You give the bond the
benefit of the improving credit of the country,
but you deny this to the note. The simplest
and plainest rale of equity requires you if you
cannot pay this note to give in exchange for it
a bond bearing interest. And here, sir, a
difficulty presents itself that forms the basis of
all, or nearly all, the division in the committee
as to this measure. What shall be done with
the United States notes received into the Treas-
ury ia the process of funding ? The Senator
from Yerroont £Mr. Morkill] will contend
that they shall be retired as they are received.
The Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Cattell]
will insist that they must not be retired, but must
be reissued. The Senator from Oregon [Mr.
Williams] wishes to limit the funding of green-
backs to a specific sum each month, and amend-
ments are pending for these purposes. No doubt
similar differences as to details will occur in
the Senate. My own conviction is, that the
uotes and ten-forty bonds should be converti-
ble and reconvertible within certain limits until
both rise to the par of gold. Such a provision
was reported at the last session and is still
approved by the committee, but the opposition
to it by those who widely differed from each
other as to its effect, some insisting that it
would produce contraction and others expan-
sion, caused it to be defeated. The proposi-
tion in this bill to substitute coin notes for
legal-tender notes as the latter are retired by
voluntary conversion into bonds is an attempt
of the Committee 011 Finance, in deference to
the vote of the Senate at the last session, to
effect the same object, namely, toguard against
a too rapid contraction of the currency. J
must, however, insist upon my conviction that
the true way to guard against both undue ex-
pansion and contraction while specie payments
are suspended is to allow the public creditor,
whether noteholder or bondholder, to freely
exchange one for the other without any limita-
tion except that the aggregate of circulation
should not exceed the United States notes now
outstanding; and this aggregatemay be gradu-
ally reduced as specie payments are resumed.
If the Senate shall agree with this opinion by
adopting the amendment of the Senator from
New Jersey, [Mr. Cattell,] then some changes
will have to be made in the fourth section. If,
however, the Senate still opposes this mutuality
of conversion, then the substitution of coin notes
should precede the cancellation of the green-
backs, or a reserve of legal tenders should be
maintained by the Secretary of the Treasury,
to be issued at his discretion.
_ Such, sir, are the general provisions of this
bill. It seeks to substitute gradually, by the
voluntary action of the people, coin contracts,
coin notes, and convertible bank bills for cur-
rency contracts and irredeemable and incon-
vertible paper money. It seeks to secure to
the public creditor the prompt payment of his
interest in coin, and to the people the like pay-
ment in coin of the depreciated notes held by
them. If the process is too slow it is because
the danger of a more rapid process is too great.
Let no man deal with this question with the
hasty impulse of first impressions, for he will
only illustrate his own folly. Let no man be
too confident of his own opinions until he has
examined those of others, and he will then find
that many have traveled this path before him;
but no man yet has found an easy road to the
resumption of specie payments.
It now remains for me very briefly to state
why other propositions submitted, to the com-
mittee have not been approved. Your patience
will not allow me to examine any of the mul-
titude of suggestions that have been made in
the public prints, though many of them are
worthy of careful study. I will only allude to
some propositions that have been referred to
the committee. The suggestion of the Presi-
dent to pay the interest for sixteen years if the
creditor would surrender the principal has
already been disposed of. The plan of the
Secretary of the Treasury to contract the cur-
rency until we reach the specie basis has already
been incidentally referred to. The proposition
of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
ner,] though not formally referred to the com-
mittee, yet having the sanction of his great
name, was carefully considered, and so much
of it as was approved was embodied in the bill
reported; but its principal feature, the repeal
of the legal-tender act after the 1st of July
next, is far too sudden, and will, if I am cor-
rect in the views already expressed, be disas-
trous to the great body of the active business
men of the country.
The plan of the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Mokton.] supported by an able speech, was
carefully considered by the committee. It rests
upon two leading ideas :
1. The accumulation of gold in the Treas
urv; and
_ 2. The fixing a specific day for the resump-
tion of specie payments.
Now, in most of his speech I heartily concur.
All that he says of the necessity of resuming
specie payments, of the effect of contraction,
and the unjust discrimination that now exists
between the note-holder and the bondholder-
all this meets my hearty assent. It is the rem
edy he suggests we have to deal with. Would
not the effect of his measure be that the Gov-
ernment would hoard the gold aud the people
the greenbacks, and thus make the contrac-
tion he fears ? What more profitable invest-
ment could any man make than to take this
dollar, now having a purchasable power of
seventy-four cents in gold, locking it 111 his
safe with a certainty that in two years it must
be worth 0110 dollar in gold, or an annual ad-
vance of seventeen and a half per cent? Would
not every bank sharply contract its currency
and hoard greenbacks as the best investment it
could make? What prudent man would dare
build a house or factory, a railroad or a barn,
with the certain fact before him that the green-
backs he puts into his improvement will be
worth thirty-five per cent, more in two years
than his improvement then is worth? Why not
hold his money for two years until his building
will cost him one third less? When the day
comes every man, as the sailors say, will be
close-reefed; all enterprise will be suspended;
every bank will have contracted its currency to
the lowest limit, and the debtor, compelled to
meet in coin a debt contracted in currency,will
find the coin hoarded in the Treasury, no rep-
resentative of coin in circulation,Jiis property
shrunk not only to the extent of the apprecia-
tion of the currency, but still more by the arti-
ficial scarcity made by the hoarders of gold.
All the historical precedents show that fixing
the day for resumption inevitably led to a con-
traction of the currency by the banks, so that
when the day came the actual scarcity of cur-
rency prevented a demand for coin; and this
process of contraction both in England and the
United States produced the sorest distress;
and this distress was only relieved in England
by the Parliament requiring the loan of ex-
chequer bills and new issues by the Bank of
England. At the beginning of our Govern-
ment the Continental bonds were a species of
currency, and as a part of the funding system
of Alexander Hamilton he provided for a new
paper currency convertible into coin to be
issued by the Bank of the United States, and
without which he declared his funding system
would be a failure. So, sir, after the war of
1812 the sore distress caused by the failure of
the State banks was only relieved by a new
paper currency issued by the second Bank of
the United States, which Mr. Madison, yield-
ing his constitutional objections, approved.
We, therefore, think that the general objects
sought for by the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Morton] can be better attained by legalizing
specie contracts; by utilizing the coin in the
Treasury; by the gradual substitution of coin,
United States notes, and bank bills for the
present currency, rather than accumulating
and fixing a day for resumption.
And now, sir, a multitude of collateral topics
present themselves—questions affecting the?
construction of contracts, questions affecting
the public debt, of funding, of the reduction of
the rate of interest, questions of taxation and
protection, of banking and the distribution of
bank circulation. All these have been con-
sidered, and no doubt will be presented to the
Senate; but we have not embraced them in thi&
bill, for the manifest reason that by attempt-
ing too much we are likely to defeat any measure
tending to the resumption of specie payments.
This primary duty "accomplished will solve
maDy of these questions and prepare the way
for other measures. I submit to Senators who
favor this bill whether it is not wiser to leave
to time, to the progress of events, and to the
next Congress to deal with other matters not-
vital to this measure. It is only in this way
that, with the confused and scattered opinions
in the public mind, we can hope to accomplish
anything. All these questions will l>e resolved
wisely if we are content to follow the example
set by Mr. Lineoln and by Congress during the
war to make haste slowly.
Sir, you and I and many of our associates-
have been here during all the great events of
our civil war. We have seen Senators from
their places openly proclaim in safety their in-
tended infamy and perjury. We have seen our
only Army broken and demolished filling the
streets of this city, and the rebel flag floating
within sight of the Dome of the Capitol. We
have seen a vast section of our country filled
with armed men, bold, defiant, and confident,
engaged in fierce war for the overthrow of our
Government. We were deserted by nearly all
the Governments of Christian Europe. We have
seen four hundred thousand of oar countrymen
slain in battle or falling by disease. We have
met defection and doubt at home, and suffered
disaster again and again. But all this has
passed away. The long-vacant seats are nearly-
all filled, and new States then in wilderness-
are now represented here. Our flag floats in
undisputed authority over every part of our
territory. All the questions of debate that
have risen from time to time in this Senate
Chamber have been so decided that authority
has been vindicated and liberty been made
universal. We are soon to see the great hero
of the war clothed with the executive authority
of the nation, and bearing with him into his
high office the hearty good-will of nearly all
the people of the United States. But one thing
more is to be accomplished, and that is to
place our public credit on a firm, enduring
foundation, so that the world may say that this
Republic is not wanting either in valor or
honor. We may then give way to those who are
rapidly treading in our footsteps with a con-
sciousness of having performed our full duty
to our country.
Mr. McCREERY. Mr. President, it is my
purpose to direct the attention of this body to
the consideration of our financial affairs. It
might be more agreeable to the Senate to post-
pone my remarks until a later period in the
session; but facts and figures, projects and
counter-projects, estimates and speculations
will accumulate until it would confound the
wisdom of Solomon to tell what we are owing,
and exhaust a dozen such treasuries as his to
discharge the debt.
Finance is the engrossing topic of the day.
It addresses itself to the anxieties, the hopes,
and the fears of all classes and conditions of
men. Bondholders and bankers, lawyers and
doctors, farmers and mechanics, are deeply
and vitally interested in its solution. Nor is
that all. Many millions of our bonds and other
securities have crossed the waters, and England
is merry at the prospect of a rich tribute to be
drawn yearly from the sweat and toil of Ameri-
can citizens. How long it will take her to
acquire the lion's share cannot be determined
with mathematical certainty, but from the start
she has taken the period will be short, prob-
ably not longer than Washington and his army
were engaged, in achieving our independence.
[Laughter.]
