632
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
lion. If persons desire to pay and to receive'
good money I would make it lawful for them
toiio&o. In his opinion it is of the highest
importance that the tax-paying voters should
be encouraged by the fact that the debt is in
the progress of rapid extinguishment. I would
like to oblige the Secretary very much, but I
cannot encourage tax-payers by any such assur-
ance. I do not helieve that the public debt of
the United States ever can be paid, and the
facts upon which this judgment is based, are
drawn chiefly from the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury.
The Treasurer, who is a gentleman of the
olden time, and who speaks about what he
thinks, lias-indulged in some tolerably plain
talk upon this financial question. The lower
graded of the fractional currency authorized
by Congress are most offensive and disgusting
to his. sight, taste, and" smell. [Laughter.]
He- calls it "an almost worthless, irredeem-
able, poisonous, and stinking copper and nickel-
token currency;" He waxes warm as the argu-
ment proceeds, until he challenges the world
to show as mean" a Government as-ours,
[laughter,] and declares that an individual
guilty of such practices would be branded as a
twopenny thief and consigned to a, house of
correction. The Government is accused of
fraud and open repudiation; but of all his
charges there are none so damaging and dis-
paraging, so unwarrantable and unjust, as the
comparison to a twopenny thief. [Laughter.]
This effort to degrade the Government by inti-
mating' that its operations are confined to a
retail business is a surprising misconception;
but as it was prompted by sudden excitement,
and is evidently not the result of deliberate
malice, we may hope that time and reflection
will induce the author to modify or retract the
aspersion. [Laughter.]
Depreciated paper is the object of assault
on all sides, and those who forced it upon the
country are now its deadliest foes. A speedy
resumption of specie payments, with or with-
out the means, is advocated as a sure defense
against all the dangers that surrouid us. That
redundancy of currency of which we hear so
much may exist in.the region where the bond-
holders live, but in the agricultural districts
there is no such complaint. In my section the
people are neither given to idleness nor to lux-
ury. They have never had the wealth to in-
dulge the one nor to support the other; and
a man who enjoyed both would not be a very
respectable member of society. Intelligent
labor is industriously applied to a fruitful soil,
but still money is SO scarce that any contrac-
tion of the currency would operate most inju-
riously .upon the agricultural and mechanical
interests, :
Let at not be said that I am orbavebeen the
friend of paper money, or of any of the over-
grown monopolies that have fed and fattened
upon public plunder until they defy the con-
stituted authorities of Government. The re-
sumption of specie payments, if we were ready
to resume, it is admitted on all hands would be
attended by a great enhancement of the value
of paper money. A dollar in gold, instead of
being worth adollar and thirty-five cents, would
bo exchanged at par, or the premium of thirty-
five per cent, of gold over greenbacks would no
longer exist. So that a man holding $100,000
in f«-eenbacks would have it suddenly raised
to the value of $135,000 in that currency.
But the people of the United States are notalt
bankers and bondholders. The great majority
of them derive no profit from the one or the
other, and the interests of this class, numbering
twenty to one, are entitled to some considera-
tion ftt the hands of Congress in its efforts to
solve the financial question. The debtor is
en tit led to fully as m uch sympathy asthe money-
lender. The laborer between the plow-h&ndles
nnd-the mechanic in his shop are, under our
system of government, the equals of any other"
citizens of the Republic. It is their energy
and their productive industry whieh- upholds
and sustains the fabric of American eivittga-
tiou.. Knock out this support, and the Gov-
ernment with its bonds and its currency would
be involved in a common ruin. The claims of
labor and the welfare of the laborer are matters
which must-engage the attention of statesmen
if the sunlight of prosperity is ever to shine
upon us again. Politicians may plot and plan,
bankers may discount and accommodate, dem-
agogues; may delude and deceive, but the truth
will come at last that the hard hands and strong
arms of labor must work the deliverance.
Has any person seen a farmer or mechanic
who complains of a redundancy of money?
The complaints that have reached my ear are
precisely the reverse. If they are in debt do
they desire the privilege of paying one third
more than they contracted, and are they par-
ticularly clamorous for a reduction of their
wages ? Are they feverish in their anxiety to
see $400,000,000 of Government bonds sold in
England for gold to redeem the greenback cur-
rency, and then to see the tax-gatherers col-
lecting in the same gold to ship across the
waters in payment of the interest on the bonds ?
According to my theory the burden rests upon
their shoulders, and their tongues must make
the call before I will ever vote for a bond for
any purpose whatever.
The southern States embrace a population
of eight or ten millions, and unless their very
existence is to be ignored some consideration
should be bestowed upon the measure, as it is
likely to affect their interests. Are they ready
for specie payments, and do they desire that
all values shall be reduced to the standard of
gold and silver ? Almost every newspaper
that comes from that quarter informs us that
some finely improved estate has been disposed
of at sheriff's sale for two dollars per acre,
and as the unfortunate owners have been bereft
of all else they would hardly favor a project
which would sacrifice their lands at $1 25.
Of the situation of the southern people I
know little from actual observation. Since
the war I have been no further sonth than Gor-
donsville, in Virginia. Manassas, which has
risen from the ashes, reminds us of the open-
ing scene in the civil strife. I passed Cedar
mountain, or Slaughter's mountain, as the
people of the country call it, in whose shades
Stonewall Jackson marshaled his forces, and
from whose summit swept the charge that
never failed of victory. I crossed the Rap-
idan, where Grant and Lee, the great masters
of military science, for seven long months
confronted each other from opposing banks.
Ditches and earthworks may be seen ou all
sides, but where are the farms, the orchards,
and the gardens, the corn, the fruit, and the
flowers? These rich valleys, like western prai-
ries, spread out before you. No fence ob-
structs the view, and no sound breaks the sol-
emn silence that reigns around. There remain,
however, some evidences of a banished civiliza-
tion. Now and then a single chimney, like a
monumental column, points you to the past.
It bears no lettered scroll; but still it speaks
of happiness and home. Its warmth has been
a comfort to age, and sparkling eyes and ruddy
faces have reflected its light. But the scene
was changed. The thunder cloud of war drew
near and more near until its angry flashes gave
fearful warning of approaching- doom. The
mother kneels at the. family altar, invokes the
blessing of Elijah's God, and goes forth with
her children a fugitive in the land. Everything
that will burn is given to the flames, and the
chimney stands as a landmark, a starting point
for the surveyor in his work of reestablishing-
metes and boundary lines.
OtheY portions of Virginia may have suffered
less, but I honestly believe that the people of
that State are not prepared for specie payments,
and that any great contraction of the currency
would involve them in ruin. They could endure'
a gentleinflation, but they will scarcely survive
a further contraction. I know not bow others
may feel, but as for my single self I confess to a
weakness for th«i old Commonwealth of Vir-
ginia.- If she hassinned m thesightof heaven;
heaven and earth have witnessed the terrible
re&iBntioii . When we speak of Virginia the'lotf g
past rises before us, and we are associated with
the heroes, the statesmen, and t.he philosophers
of other days. The sword of her Washington
hangs in tile Patent Office, and there, too, is
his camp and his camp furniture, even down
to his pewter plates, held as the sacred memo-
rials of a patriotism which endured all things
for his country's sake. Jefferson and the Dec-
laration, and Madison and the Constitution,
the eloquence of Henry, the learning of Mar-
shall, all protest against the divorce which
severs the bonds of union and degrades Vir-
ginia from her position of equality in the family
of States. Dismembered and divided, spurned
andinsulted, suffering and bleeding, the frail
and tottering remnant of her former self, if
we cannot alleviate let us do nothing to in-
crease the calamities which overwhelm her
already. Neither the vicissitudes through
which she has passed nor the furnace of afflic-
tion in which she' walks at present have ever
been able to extort from herone word of com-
plaint or reproach. If it is believed that she
can be driven or persuaded to a profession of
the Radical creed, it isa mistake; she will live
and die in the faith which has been handed
down from the fathers.
It is assumed that gold will come to this
country when it is needed. In my opinion it
will be needed a long time before it will come.
When our exports and sales in foreign coun-
tries shall exceed our imports that excess will,
be paid to ns in gold.
Another assumption is that greenbacks will
enhance in value as soon as an act of Congress
shall fix a day for the resumption of specie
payments. The ability of a debtor to meet
his obligations is of more consequence in the
eyes of creditors than any promises or pledges
he may make upon that subject. If he is in
doubtful or failing circumstances ifc is certainly
prudent to name a distant day, and this pre-
caution has been observed in the measure
which has been proposed to the Senate.
But the great question is, can the Govern-
ment meet its liabilities? The report of the
Secretary of the Treasury shows that for the
last three years and seven months the average
annual expenditure in payment of interest and
other demands has been $508,646,661 68, and
that during that time the public debt, instead
of being diminished, has been increased by the
addition of$1-60,174,475 48. In threeyearsand
seven months'almost two thousand million dol-
lars have been expended, and the debt is larger
than it was at the close of the war. The Sec-
retary says that if it had not been for the Pacific
railroad, the purchase of Alaska, and other
estimates which he believes to be substantially
correct, the debt would have been smaller.
But such contingencies are as likely to happen
in the future as in the past, and the fact stands
as stated. While the debt has been thus rap-
idly increasing the resources of the Govern-
mentfor its liquidation have been more rapidly
declining, as the tables will show :
The receipts from internal revenue for the year 1866
- were    $309,226,813 42
The receipts from in ternalrevenue lor
1867 were :  20G,027,537 43
Thereceipts from internal revenue for
1868 were  191,087,589 41
The estimated receipts for 1869 are  146,209,014 00
The receipts from customs for the last three
years have been as follows :
For the year 1866...., «79,046,651 58
tor the year 1867  176,417,810 88
For the year 1868  164,464,599 56
This statement, which is taken from the re-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury, points
rather to deficiency bills than to the payment
of the public debt. But the" most alarming
feature connected with our multiplied embar-
rassments is that on* precious metals and our
gold-bearing bonds areTea'ving us and going to
ISnropte. California and the Territories in the
last twenty years have produced in gold and
silver upwards of $1,300,000,000, and of this
amount $1,100,000,000 have departed from
our shores.
Nor is that all; m6fe than six hundred riiil-
lioti dollars of our gold bearing bonds are now
in the: basfds of" European capitalists, an d
