634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
fifty miles,- and by the survey more than that.
By the Railroad Guide, from Fort Kearny to
Cheyenne is three hundred and twenty-five
miles, making four hundred and seventy-five
miles to Cheyenne, the point on the Union
Pacific railroad to which reference has been
had. From the present terminus of this road
to Fort Riley is forty-two miles in a straight
line; fifty miles we will say will be the route
if the road is built that way to join the eastern
division by making a direct right angle.' It is
then just eighty-five miles and a fraction to
Fort Harker, and four hundred and twenty
miles from Fort Harker to Denver, and one
hundred and six miles from Denver to Chey-
enne—one hundredand nine the Senator from
New York said, but by referring to their survey
I see it is one hundred and six—making six
hundred and seventy-six miles by the Smoky
Hill, eastern division, route, and four hundred
and seventy-five by the other route. The dif-
ference in favor of the route by the Union
Pacific is two huudred and twelve miles. My
statement is made from the Railroad Guide, so
far as it relates to the Union Pacific Railroad
Company and so far as it relates to the Union
Pacific railroad, eastern division, excepting
from Fort Harker to Denver, which was sur-
veyed under the direction of the War Depart-
ment by Lieutenant R. M. Brown, oftheUnited
States corps of engineers, So that instead of
the eastern division route being shorter, it is in
the neighborhood of at least two hundred
miles longer; it will not vary much from that.
That is the only statement I wanted to make.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, there are
a number of remarkable features about this
bill. One is, that its friends take it up semi-
occasionally with an announcement that it is
not necessary to debate it and that they wish
to have a vote taken upon it, and forthwith all
its fathers proceed to cover it with new recom-
mendations to the Senate.
Now, sir, I beg to say that I had not the
slightest idea of uttering one word upon this
measure at this session of Congress, although
1 expected a vote to be taken upon it. I had
removed beyond my immediate reach the
papers that I had last year in reference to it,
^nd had dismissed it substantially from my
mind ; and when it was taken up, if a vote had
been permitted upon it, as we were told the
desire was to obtain a vote, I certainly should
never have broken the silence of the Senate.
It was only by calling back to mind discarded
data and half-forgotten things that I was able to
submit any observations on the subject. I should
not now rise to say one word about it but for the
fact, first, that a statement which I made is
apparently contradicted by the Senator, and
second, that the Senator is about to leave the
Senatevote to under a total misapprehension,
as I think I shall be able to show, of the point
which professedly he controverts.
What was my statement yesterday? Did
any Senator suppose I meant that you might
not start from Fort Riley and by a new route
cross directly to some point on the Union Pa-
cific railroad without going as far as any of the
old proposed routes? Nobody understood me
to say that; and yet the Senator comes in here
now with a contradiction, which is, that if you
start from Fort Riley, for example, or from
Irving, and go across to Fort Kearny, or some
other point between Cheyenne and Omaha, you
can reach that by a less number of miles than
you would have to traverse to go to Denver or
Cheyenne. Is there any such issue as that
here 'I Has any man been bold enough to defy
all geography and the points of the compass
by affirming anything to the contrary of that?
I have not.
What- was my allegation ? The equity, which
can never be repeated too often, attaching to
this bill, is that^ the central branch were de-
piived of a certain connection. My statement
was, that that lost connection was one hun-
dred and thirty-four miles longer than the same
connection transplanted to the valley of the
Smoky Hill. That is putting it a little stronger
than I put it, because I read from the state-
ment which fixed Denver as the point; but I
am willing now to assume that I putit as strong
as that in terms, as that was the result of my
statement.
Was that true or not? Having now before
me, as I had not yesterday, the surveys and
the maps, I reiterate my statement, and I affirm
that the perfected surveys show that one hun-
dred and forty-s'even miles, not one hundred
and thirty-four, is at least the ascertained dif-
ference between the old proposed route, which
they complain of having lost, and that connec-
tion which will be given under the amendment
lying on the table. We all know that when
this legislation took place the Union Pacific
railroad was not built at all. Nobody knew
precisely where it was to go ; but, as all the legis-
lation proves, everybody understood that that
road was to go to Denver. The eastern division
was to go to Denver. Does anybody doubt that?
Here are both of their surveys surveying the
Republican route and the Smoky Hill route.
To reach what point? Fort Kearny? Some
place back towards Omaha, based upon in-
formation that nobody could have, because it
did not exist, of where the Union Pacific rail-
road was to go ? No, sir; but everybody under-
standing that Denver or the immediate vicin-
ity of Denver was the point of destination.
Afterward, it was understood that the Union
road was to go up the Platte valley. Well,
when the Platte valley has passed the point
which has been named by the Senator it forks,
and one fork goes to Denver—and Denver is in
that valley, as the Senator knows—and another
fork bears further to the north; and when the
Union road came to progress that far, years
afterward, it took the right hand in place of
the left hand fork of the Platte river. And
now the proposition must be gravely urged by
the Senator that the equity is to be extended to
furnishing to these claimants a connection which
they never dreamed of, anu which nobody ever
supposed there would be an object in making.
Therefore, we come back to what was the
distance which they expected to traverse. What
was the distance they would have traversed had
the Republican route been adhered to, and
what is the difference between that and the
distance to be traversed now by the Smoky Hill
route? Is not that the question? Manifestly
that is the question, the only question that
could be addressed to a chancellor, to take
the illustration of the Senator from Michigan.
Now, how is that? Here is the report, and
here are two of its statements :
"The entire length of the lino by the Smoky Hill
from Fort Riley to Denver is four hundred and sixty-
six and six-tcntha miles.
"The distance from Fort Rile^ to Denver by way
of the Republican and Platto rivers is six hundred
miles/'
The difference between those two statements
is one huudred and thirty-four miles, and that
is the statement that I made. The perfected
survey afterward shows that the difference is
greater than that, and that it is, in truth, one
hundred and forty-seven miles—one hundred
and forty-seven miles according to the survey
upon which the Government insists in reference
to subsidies; several miles more according to
the survey upon which these parties in interest
insist. But I take now the survey approved
by the Government and strongest against my
proposition, and that shows a net difference of
one hundred and forty-seven miles between the
lost connection and the connection which can
now be had via the Smoky Hill.
Upon facts like these I cannot consent, even
at the hazard of prolonging this debate, to sit
down allowing the Senator from Kansas to,
assume premises which I never have stated; to
assume a state of case on my part which I
never thought of, and which never would have
been relevant or material here, and then pro-
pose an apparent contradiction, the effect of
which, if it has any at all, must be to mislead
the Senate.
Since offering tlie amendment last night, at
the suggestion of other Senators I have modi-
fied it by striking out all restriction as to the
point where the junction with the Smoky Hill
route may be made. That is to avoid a right
angle, as suggested by the Senator from Indi-
ana. Let them go where they please. Accord-
ing to this amendment, giving them a subsidy
of forty miles, adding that to the interval of
fifty miles which, confessedly, they would have
been compelled to build at all events, they can
deflect very gently and slightly and touch the
Smoky Hill route so as to make a very slight
curvature in their own course. That will carry
them on to Denver and from thereto Cheyenne.
And I go further now, and say to the Senator
that this survey shows that going to Cheyenne
all the way, passing through Denver, the route
would not be longer than it would if they built
an independent road themselves by any known
route to Cheyenne.
But, sir, do not let us be misled on this point
by supposing that the question is whether
some new and heretofore uncontrived route
can be devised to strike the Union railroad
where nobody ever intended to strike it or
knew it would lie. Do not let us be misled
by supposing that the question is whether that
can be done in a shorter number of miles than
the miles of which we are speaking. It is
enough for me to know that by a slight gift—
a gift of $640,000 in place of $2,400,000—we
can make these parties completely whole, and
more than that. Let us understand the facts
aright, and then adopting the view which leads
Senators to see an equity, let us find out
whether in order to put these parties in statu
quo, Senators will vote $2,400,000 in place of
$640,000. That is the proposition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New York as modified.
Mr. CONKLING. Let it be read as modi-
fied.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment as
modified; which was to strike out all of the
bill after the enacting clause, and to insert:
That nothing contained in the act of Congress
approved July 3,1866, relating to the Union Pacific
railway, eastern division, shall deprive the Central
Branch Union Pacific Kail road Company, assignee
of the Hannibal and St. Joseph Railroad Company,
of its right to continue its road a.nd telegraph line
westerly from the termination of the one hundred
miles mentioned in the act of Congress incorporating
tho Union Pacific Railroad Company, approved July
1,1862, to a connection with the union Pacific Kail-
road Company, eastern division,as one of the branches
thereof; but said CentralBrafteh Union Pacific Rail-
road Company shall continue its road from the term-
ination of the one hundred miles aforesaid, or from
a point between said termination and where said
road crosses the Big Blue river, to a connection with
the Union Pacific railway, eastern division, upon tho
same terms and conditions, in all respects, as are
now provided by law for the construction of tho
Union Pacific railway, eastern division Provided,
That no subsidy in United States bonds shall be al-
lowed to said central branch company for any greater
length of road than forty miles from the termination
of the one hundred miles on which bonds are already
authorized to be issued on said line of railroad.
Mr. CONKLING. The yeas and nays were
ordered yesterday on that amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 20; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Conkling, Corbett, Da-
vis, Dixon, Edmunds. Frelinghuysen, Harris. Howe,
Morgan.Morrill of Vermont.Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, Patterson of'i'ennessee. Pool, Robertson,Sher-
man. Stewart, Vickers. Wade, "Warner, Whyto,
Willey. and Williams—23.
NATS—Messrs. Abbott, Buckalew, Cragin, Doo-
httle, Drake, Ferry, Fessenden, Fowler, Harlan,'
Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, McCreery, McDon-
ald, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Norton, Nye, L'ome-
roy, Ramsey, Rice, Ross, Sawyer, Sumner, Thayer,
TrumbulK Van Winkle, Welch, and Wilson—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Cattell,
Chandler, Cole, Conness, Grimes, Kellogg, Osborn,
baulsbury, Spencer, Sprague, Tipton, and Yates—14.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
move to amend the bill by adding the following:
Nor shall such subsidy exceed in its aggregate
amount the sum of $1,200,000.
I ask for the yeas and nays on the amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 27; as follows:
TT3AS—Messre.Antliony, Buckalew, Cole, Conkling,
Corbett, Davis, Dixon,Edmunds,Frelinghuygen,Har-
II3' Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson of
New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Pool, Bob-
