1869,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
635
ertson, Sherman, Stewort. Trumbull, Vickers, Vv'a/lo,
Warner. Whyte. anil William;r-*25.
IS?AYS—Messrs. Abbott, Crafcii), Doolittle, Drake,
Perry, Foseiideri, Fowler. Hiuian. Heudrioks, How-
ard, MoCreerv, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
ton, Norton, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Rice,
Ito=s. Sawyer, Sumner, Xnayer, Van Winkle, Welch,
and Wilson—27. "
ABSENT—Messrs.Bnya rd. Cameron, Catt ell Chaad-
Jcr. Conness, Grimes, Henderson, Kellogg, Saulshury,
Spencer, Sprague, Tipton, Wiiiey, and Yates—U.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The propo-
sition to reduce the subsidy one half having
failed, it is obviously useless to offer an amend-
ment that no subsidy shall be granted; and
thereupon I shall abandon my purpose in that
regard. But as I believe it is the policy of
Congress hereafter to issue no more bonds
bearing six per cent, interest, I propose to
move that the bonds issued for this subsidy
shall bear no higher rate of interest than five
per cent. I therefore move to insert after the
proviso at the end of the bill the following
words:
Nor shall the bonds issued for suoh subsidy bear
any higher rate of interest than fire per cent, per
annum.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose the Senator
means five per cent, in coin. That is better
than the present bonds, on which the interest
is six per cent, in currency.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. They would
be subject to the present law, as to the manner
of granting the subsidy, unless this road should
evade it, as I believe the other roads do, by pay-
ing interest in coin.
Mr. ANTHONY. Is it not best to provide
against such an evasion by saying "in cur-
rency?"
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no
objection. I will modify the amendment by
inserting " in lawful money."
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that amendment
will not prevail. If the Government should
resume specie payments would the honorable
Senator require this company to receive its
interest in currency ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have said
••lawful money," and when we resume specie
pav ments coin will be lawful money. I ask for
the yeas and nays on this question.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 34, nays 17 ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew, Cameron,
Corikimfr. Cragin, Davis, Dixon, Drake, Edmunds,
Ferry, i'essenden, Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Harris,
Henderson, Howe, McCreery, Morgan. Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Patterson of
New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Pool, ltob-
ertsoil, itoss. Sherman, Stewart, Trumbull, Vickers,
Warner, Whyte, VVilley, and Williams—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Corbett. Doolittle, Fowler,
Henducks, Howard, McDonald, Nye, Osborn, Pomo-
roy, Xtamsey, Sawyer, Sumner, Thayer,Van Winkle,
Welch, and Wilson—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. BayardjCattell, Chandler, Cole,
Conness, (/runes, Kellogg, Norton, Itice, Sauls bury,
fcpenccr, Sprague, Tipton, Wade, and Yates—15.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Before the vote is taken on the bill I should
like to ask the members of the committee if
one hundred and fifty miles will bring this road
to a junction with the main branch? I will ask
the Senator from Ohio, who is on the commit-
tee, or the chairman, how that is?
Mr. HOWARD, it will, very nearly. That,
however, is not material at all. They can have
a subsidy only for or.e hundred and fifty miles.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Will the gentleman state how nearly?
Mr. HOWARD. I presume if the company
should go directly northward 
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
But what is t.lie distance to the one hundredth
meridian, where they must go?
Mr. HOWARD. They are not required to
form a junction on the one hundredth meridian
by this bill. They can form a junction this
side of it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading ; and it was read the third time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Cragin, Doolittle. Drake,
Ferry. Fessendeu, Fowler, Harlan, Hendricks. How-
ard, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Norton,
Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Kiee, Ko^.s, law-
yer, Sumner, Thayer, Van Wmkie, Welch, and Wil-
son—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, BuckaleTv, Co!*, Conk-
ling, Conness, Davis, Dixon, Edmund?, Frclinghuy-
sen, Harris. Henderson, Howe, McCreerv, Morgan.
Morrill of Vermont, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Patterson of Tennessee, Pool, Robertson, Sherman,
Stewart, Trumbull, Vickers, Wade, Warner, Whyte,
Willev, and Williams—28.
AB8ITNT — Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Cattell,
Chandler,Corbett, Grimes,Kellogg, Saulsbury, Spen-
cer, Sprague, Tipton, and Yates—12.
So the bill was rejected.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. MORTON. I move now to take up the
currency bill, which was displaced by the rail-
road bill.
Mr. STEWART, I hope that will not be
done, because we have a special order for to-
morrow, and I do not wish it to be supplanted.
I move, therefore, that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. MORTON. I hope we shall take up the
currency bill.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 25, noes 27.
Mr. STEWART. On my motion I ask for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to have any
debate on the question of taking up the bill,
but let us vote on it, and let the Senate determ-
ine what they will take up.
Mr. STEWART. My motion determines it
just as well. If we adjourn now the constitu-
tional amendment will be the special order for
to-morrow.
Mr. CONNESS. This is not a debatable
question.
Mr. STEWART. If we adjourn now the
constitutional amendment will be the special
order for to-morrow. If we do not adjourn
now, but take up the financial bill, that will be
the unfinished business, and it will have prece-
dence of the special order to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend will see that
he gains nothing by this course.
The PRESIDBNTpro tempore. A motion
to adjourn is not a debatable question. On
this motion the yeas and nays are called for.
Mr. CONKLINCr. If the Senator will with-
draw his motion I will move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. MORTON. Is that in order pending
my motion?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the
motion to adjourn withdrawn?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir; for the purpose
indicated by the Senator from New York.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The yeas
and nays not having been ordered, the Senator
from Nevada may withdraw his motion.
Mr. CONKLING-. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
Mr. SHERMAN. If we adjourn now or
go into executive session the Senate will have
to determine to-morrow whether they will take
up the currency bill or the constitutional amend-
ment. I think we had belter settle that to-
night, and not waste tim"6 on it to-morrow.
Mr. CAMERON. I renew the motion to
adjourn.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 24, noes 24.
Mr. CAMERON. I call for the yeas aud nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senatorfrom Penn-
sylvania will withdraw his motion I will move
an executive session.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not want to go into
executive session.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas '20, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Conness, Cragin, Dixon,
Doolittle, Drake, Edmunds. Fowler, IVelinghuysen,
Henderson, Howard, McCreery, Norton, Nye, Patter-
son of lennessee, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sawyer, btewart,
Sumner, Thayer, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade,
Vr'eleh. and Wilson—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Buekalew, Cole,
Corbett, Davis, Fessenden, Harlan. Harris, Hend-
ricks, Howe, McDonald, Morgan, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Osborn. Patterson of
JNew Hampshire. Pool, Kice, Robertson,Koss, Sher-
man, Vickers, Warner, Whyte, Willey, and Wil-
liams-—58.
ABSENT-Mewr.. Bayard, Cattell, Chandler,
Oonklmg, Ferrv, Grimes, Kellogg. Saulsbnry, Spen-
cer, fcprague, Tipton, aiul Yates—12.
So the Senate refused to adjoam.
Mr. MORTON. Now, I insist on my motion
to take up the currency bill. I desire to have
that question fettled.
Mr. STEWART. I have submitted a mo-
tion, which is pending, that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. MORTON. I submit that that motion
is not in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The rules expressly say
that it is in order at any time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest to the Senator
from Nevada to let the vote be taken. Wehave
had a square vote on adjourning which seems
to test it; and if the Senate is disposed to take
up the other bill we save time by doingit now.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think it is a fair
way to put, aside the special order, because
nothing is going to be done with the other bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator can test the
question in a full Senate to-morrow at one
o'clock, by a motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have had one test
vote, and after we have had that we may as
well have a square vote now on taking up the
currency bill.
Mr. STEWART. By taking it np now you
cut off the special order for to-morrow.
Mr. CAMERON. I believe there was some
misunderstanding when the vote was taken on
the last motion to adjourn. I therefore now
again move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to—ayes twenty-nine,
noes not counted ; and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 27, 1869.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B, Boyxtox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
OllDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the unfinished business pending at the ad-
journment yesterday, being the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill (II. R.
No. 13G4) to provide tor the gradual resump-
tion of specie payments was recommitted to the
Committee on Banking and Currency. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield]
is entitled to the floor.
CONTRACT FOR POSTAGE STAMPS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask unan-
imous consent that the Committee on Appro-
priations be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the matter referred to them
touching the contract of the Post Office De-
partment for stamps; and that the subject be
referred to the Committee on Printing, with
authority to investigate it, and to send for per-
sons and papers, provided this shall involve no
expense to the Government.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to inquire
whether we have authority to send for persons
to be examined as witnesses without paying
them?
The SPEAKER. The House has authority
to instruct its committees as it sees lit. If a
committee finds itself unable to act it can re-
port that fact to the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not object to this
investigation ; but there is another question
involved.
Mr. CHANLER. I am obliged to object to
all this. We on this side of the House cannot
hear what is going on.
