1869.
THE COtfGHESSIONAh GLOBE.
cisely the same, a contracted currency and low
prices. Another plan is to buy in or redeem
the currency, beginning at about its present
value in gold and rising monthly in price
until we shall finally redeem it at its face. In
the meanwhile we would pay out the notes as
at present. This plan was introduced by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] and is
as good as any. It avoids the danger of com-
pulsory suspension involved in the Tribune's
plan, the expense of hoarding involved in Sen-
ator Morton's plan, and the uncertainty as to
the amount to be retired involved in the Sec-
retary's plan. It is as gradual as any, and has
this advantage over them all, that it foretells
to the people exactly how fast prices will fall.
But while this plan is as unobjectionable as
any, it does not avoid the great fault (if fault
it should be called) of them all, to wit, an ulti-
mate contraction of the currency. It is because
all these plans involve this result that all are
rejected. We are seeking for a plan that will
keep afloat our $700,000,000 of paper, and still
redeem it in gold upon demand. We will seek
in vain. It is not in the power of legislation.
All the plans proposed, and all that can be
proposed, are only different roads to the same
goal. Some may be shorter than others, some
more agreeable than .others; but travel which
we will we come to contraction and low prices
at last. If low prices is the effect of resump-
tion, when can we encounter them with the
least injury ? Most, certainly when the peo-
ple are least in debt. If nobody was in debt,
nobody would be hurt by the change. To pre-
pare for resumption, then, the people should
endeavor to pay their debts while prices are
still high. If Congress should take no steps
toward resumption the Supreme Court may.
The argument over the constitutionality of
" legal tenders " has ceased, and the courtis
deliberating. Nobody, I presume, not even the
court itself, knows what the decision will be.
The uncertainty of a jury verdict has passed
into a proverb, but I would as leave bet on the
jury as the judge. Who can guess to what
conclusion a mind educated in belligerent logic
and professional subtlety, tempted at least—
perhaps swayed—by personal ambition, may
come? It is quite probable, however, the court
may search out some theory by which to sus-
tain the action of Congress, prompted by the
terrible necessities of the war ; but it is not so
certain that it will attempt to clothe Congress
in all future time with plenary power over all
contracts, past, present, and future,and regard-
less of their terms and stipulations, to satisfy
them with anything valuable or invaluable,
paper, wood, leather, or anything else that this
body in its ingenuity can invent and call money.
While this uncertainty hangs over the question
it behooves the people everywhere to take
advantage of the high prices and liquidate their
debts. Out of debt out of danger.
You see, Mr. Speaker, I am neither advo-
cating nor opposing these multitudinous plans
of resumption. My objectin rising at this time
%vas to prove to the House that there can be no
permanent resumption without contraction,
and that all feasible plans of resumption lead
directly or indirectly to that result.
I think we had better not act upon any plan
this short session. Standing still is a step
toward resumption—a very short step, I will
admit; but still it is something. Every year
odds to the world's stock of gold and silver.
Every year, by the increase of our population,
makes our share of it larger. We can there-
fore float more paper on a specie basis next
year than this. This furnishes a small excuse
for waiting, but I have a better one—my con-
stituents desire it.
Mr. Ingeusoll obtained the floor.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a joint resolution (S. II. No. 200) relat-
ing to the mileage of Charles Westmoreland ;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
consular courts in cliina.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent laid
before the House a message from the President
of the Unityd States; which was read, as fol-
lows:
To the Senate and Souse of Representatives :
I transmit for the oousideration of Congre-ss, in con-
formity with the requirements of the sixth station
of the act of the 22d of June, 1860, a copy of certain
regulations for the consular courts in China, pro-
hibiting steamers sailing under the flag of the Uni-
ted States from using or passing through the Straw
Shoe channel in the river Yangtse, decreed by S.
Wells Williams, charge d'affaires, on the 1st of June,
and promulgated by George i1. Seward, consul gen-
eral at Shanghai, on the 25th of July, 1868, with
the assent of five of the United States consuls in
•China, G. H. Colton Salter dissenting. His objec-
tions to the regulations are set forth in the accom-
panying copy ot a communication of thelOth of Octo-
ber last, inclosed in Consul General Seward's dis-
patch of the 14 th of the same month to the Secretary
of State, a copy of which is also transmitted.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
washington, January 26,1809.
Mr. CULLOM. I move that this message,
with the accompanying papers, be referred to
the Committeeon Foreign Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
PBABODY MEDAL.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House the following mes-
sage from the President of the United States ;
which, with the accompanying papers, was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed:
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
1 transmit to Congress a report from the Secretary
of State, with accompanying documents, in relat'on
to the gold medal presented to Mr. George Peabody,
pursuant to the resolution of Congress of March 1G,
1867.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C„ January 26,1869.
buildings leased by navy department.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the .House a communication
from the Secretary of the Navy, in answer to
House resolution of the28d instant, relative to
buildings occupied by that Department under
lease, &c. : which was leferred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, and ordered to bo
printed.
TllUASURY BUILDINGS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitting, in answer to a resolution of the House
of the 23d instant, a report by the general su-
perintendentof the Treasury buildings of build-
ings held and occupied by that Department
under lease, &c. ; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
31INT AT CARSON CITY.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitting, in reply to a resolution of the House
of the 13th instant, reports relative to costs of
the mint at Carson City, Nevada, &c. ; which
was referred to the Committee on Coinage,
Weights, and Measures, and ordered to be
printed.
WITHDRAWAL OF I'APEliS.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURN, of Massa-
chusetts, by unanimous consent, leave was
granted to withdraw from the files of the House
the papers in the case of Charles C. Neill and
N. D. >IeKenzie, leaving copies on file.
evening session's.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have a proposition to
make to the House for the purpose of facilitat-
ing business and at the same time giving gen-
tlemen an opportunity to be heard on the subject
of finance and currency, now under discussion.
The series of speeches upon this subject may
be as well delivered in the evening. It is a
very interesting subject, we all admit,, but if it
can be disposed of in that way we can proceed
with the regular current business that is press-
ing upon the House. I ask unanimous con-
sent, therefore, that there be evening sessions
hereafter, for debate only, until further order
of the Howe, beginning with this evening at
half past seven o'clock, with the understanding
that no business sball be transacted.
No objection being made, it was ordered
accordingly.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now ask that the subject
immediately before the House may be disposed
ot with the understanding that gentlemen who
are to speak upon it can deliver their speeches
in the evening.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois yield for that purpose?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do so in consideration
of the pressure of public business.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the bill before
the House be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means. That will not prevent this
same discussion-going on.
Mr. LYNCH. I object to that reference.
The bill has been recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Banking and Currency, and if the House
refuses to sustain the motion now pending, to
reconsider the recommitment, itwillbe left with
that committee which lias already considered
the subject, and w&erfc it properly belongs.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have the floor on the
pending subject and I object to any action being
taken now on the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio, but his motion may be entered and remain
undisposed of during the evening session.
The SPEAKER. It will require unanimous
consent, as the pending motion is to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was recommitted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would inquire
whether a motion to postpone the motion to
reconsider may not be made this evening?
The SPEAKER. It can.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I suggest that
the gentleman make that motion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to get the bill now
before the House out of the way. I do not wish
to make any disposition of it.
Mr. ALLISON. I demand the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
is not yet disposed of. The House has ordered
an evening session to-night for general debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask my colleague
to yield for a suggestion.
Mr. INGERSOLL. What is it ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is that you yield
for a motion to postpone the further consider-
ation of this motion till the evening session.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am willing'this ques-
tion shall pass over till the evening session
with the motion of the gentleman from Maine
pending. Would that be in order?
The SPEAKER. It.would.
Mr. INGERSOLL. No vote would be taken,
of course, till a further order of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will my
colleague yield to me for a moment?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will for a moment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to say a word in regard to the business of the
House, for the House has got to come to some
undeistanding with itself in relation to the pub-
lic business. It is a matter quite indifferent to
me. The indications were yesterday that the
House is not disposed to go to the public busi-
ness at all. I desire to say that there are bat
thirty-otic working days of this Congress left,
and if we take out the day for counting the
votes for President and Vice President there
are but thirty working days which we have for
the transaction of the public business. There
are six of the most important of the appropria-
tion bills which have not yet been acted upon
by the House. The Committee on Appropria-
tions have endeavored to do their duty faith-
fully. They remained here during the recess
and gave their attention to the preparation of
the appropriation bills. And now 1 say the
House has got to come to some understanding
with itself whether or not it will do the public
business, whether it will make the appropria-
tions necessary to carry on the Government, or
whether it will refuse to do so. It is for this
