638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
side of the House to determine whether we
shall devote ou'rseives to the discussion and
passage of all sorts of schemes and refuse to do
the public business and compel an extra ses-
sion of Congress, to run up to July next, and
break down our incoming administration and
sink it deeper than ever plummet sounded.
Mr. LYNCEL I desire to ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will yield for that
purpose.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations this
question: whether he considers a bill relating
\o the currreney and finances of the country
reported by one of the standing committees of
this House, the appropriate committee, " pub-
lic business " or not? He has fold us about
the interruption of public business ; I ask him
whether he does not consider a finance measure
reported by the proper committee of this House
"public business ?"
Mr. WA.SHBUBNE, of Illinois. By public
business I meant the appropriation bills neces-
sary to carry on the Government.
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] must proceed or sur-
render the floor.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I ask my colleague
to yield for a motion to postpone the consider-
ation of this subject until this evening.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have no objection,
provided this subject can receive the attention
which its importance meritsand demands, that
we shall discuss these financial propositions in
the evenings and devote the day sessions to
what my colleague [Mr. YVashburne] calls
"public business."
Mr. FAItNSWORTH. My colleague will
have the floor, I understand, this evening.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am ready to do that;
but J ask the Chair if it would be in order that
the discussion of this bill shall go over until
evening on the motion to reconsider, and let
the matter stand so until the further order of
the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
condition of the business now pending before
the House and that which is pressing, apart
from the appropriation bills. The House un-
derstands their condition, as it has been stated
by the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations. JLhis bill is before the House as
the unfinished business and on the motion to
reconsider, both of which are privileged, and
it will remainbeforethe House until the mo-
tion to^reconsider is in some manner disposed
of. It the motion should be postponed until
the evening session it could be debated during
the evening^ session, but no action could be
taken upon it, and if the House should adjourn
with it pending at the close of the evening
session it would come up again to-morrow
morning as soon as the Journal was read.
As soon as this bill shall have been disposed
of by postponement, if that shall be the course
adopted, the constitutional amendment and the
bill in regard to suffrage would come up on a
motion to reconsider by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell,] and, unless
otherwise disposed of, will be debated until
the close of the afternoon session of to-day.
If this finance bill shall come up to-night upon
the pending motion to reconsider, and the
House shall adjourn upon it, then it will come
up again to-morrow morning, immediately after
the reading of the Journal, in preference to the
constitutional amendment.
When those two questions, the one in regard
to suffrage, the other in regard to specie pay-
ments, shall have been disposed of, then there
will he a contested-election ease from the State
of Georgia, which the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] the chairman of the
Committee of Elections, has notified the Chair
he will call up on the first favorable opportu-
nity. The Reconstruction Committee have also
notified the Chair that they have important
business to bring before the House for its con-
sideration. There are also several motions to
reconsider pending, liable to be called up at
any time when there is no other business before
the House. There is also a territorial bill, re-
ported from the Committee on the Territories by
thegentlemanfrom Ohio, [Mr. Ashley,] which
has been postponed until to-morrow after the
morning hour.
The House will therefore see that a great
variety of business is pressing upon them for
consideration and action. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] has also given notice of
two bills reported from the Committee of Ways
and Means,which are now pending in the Com-
mittee of the Whole, and which the gentleman
from Ohio desires to reach at an early, day.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I yield now to the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Sciienck] to make a
statement.
Mr. SCHENCK. My desire was to have
evening sessions for general debate upon im-
portant subjects. It is probable that measures
of currency and finance would attract most of
the attention of members.
Gentlemen will see by the explanation of
the Chair that for the purpose I have indicated
it is important that this bill should be got out
of the way for the present, either by laying on
the table the motion to reconsider the recom-
mitment or in some other manner. As the
Speaker has explained, if we postpone this bill
until this evening for discussion it will be the
subject under consideration at the time of
adjournment, for the order of the House is that
no business shall be transacted during the even-
ing session. In that case to-morrow morning
we would have "Monsieur Tonson come again,"
and this subject would come up again immedi-
ately after the reading of the Journal; and so
each morning in succession this bill will come
up as unfinished business before the morning
hour and immediately after the reading of the
Journal.
I therefore ask the gentleman from Maine,
[Mi-. Lynch,] who introduced this bill, whether
he will not consent, now that he has made his
speech upon it and there has been some dis-
cussion upon it, to let the bill remain with the
Committee on Banking and Currency, to which
it has been recommitted, or allow it to be
otherwise disposed of until some future time?
Mr. LYNCH. In answer I wish to disabuse
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] of an
idea which he seems to entertain, that this bill
was reported for the purpose of allowing me an
opportunity to make a speech upon it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no doubt the gen-
tleman wants action on his bill.
_ Mr. LYNCH. I have 110 desire to have this
discussion continue for any great length of
lime. After one or two speeches shall have
been made upon this bill I intend to move the
previous question, perhaps speaking myself for
five minutes to close the debate. I have no
disposition to consume the time of this House
by unnecessary debate upon questions of this
kind, but I am anxious that the consideration
of public business may be facilitated. The
objection to the bill now under consideration
is not that it is unimportant, but that it has not
been reported by some privileged member on
this floor, or from some privileged committee.
But I will call the previous question after a
little further discussion.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am willing to move
that the motion to reconsider novv pending be
laid upon the table if the House will do so with
the understanding that the evening sessions
shall be for general debate, upon any question
without the transaction of any business.
The SPEAKER. .That has already
ordered by general consent.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the motion
to^ reconsider the recommitment of this bill be
kid upon the table. And I hope that will be
regarded as a test question.
Ihe bPEAKER. The effeet of laying upon
the table the motion to reconsider will be to
leave the bill with the Committee on Banking
already been
and Currency. The Chair will state to the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Ixgersoll] that
under the circumstances he will be recognized
as entitled to the floor this evening.
The question was upon the motion to lay on
the table the motion to reconsider.
Mr. BUTLER., of Massachusetts. In order
that this may be made a test question I call for
the yeas and nays upon it.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays ; and there were—-ayes nine.
Before the noes were counted,
Mr. BCJTLER, of Massachusetts. Icallfor
tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and accordingly
the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call for
tellers on laying on the table the motion to
reconsider.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion to lay on the table the motion to
reconsider was agreed to.
SUFFRAGE.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the consideration of the motion of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell,]
to reconsider the vote by which the bill (H. R.
No. 1667) to secure equal privileges and im-
munities to citizens of the United States and
enforce the provisions of article fourteen of
the amendments to the Constitution, and the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 402) proposing an
ameudment to the dons',itution of the United
States, were recommitted to the Committee on
the Judiciary. On this question the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Oullom] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. CULLOM. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate
as much as any other gentleman the import-
ance of the public business before the House;
a^d if any arrangement can be adopted by
which this subject can also be postponed it
will suit me perfectly well. 1 shall not make
any motion with that view; but I yield to the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee [Mr.
Boutwell] that he may indicate his wish in
regard to the matter.
Mr. BOUTWELL. As the understanding
of the House on last Monday was that when
this question should again come up I would
move or give way for a motion that its con-
sideration be postponed till after the morning
hour, I feel bound to submit that motion.
Mr. BINGHAM. Before the question is put
on that motion I desire to ask that an amend-
ment which I design to offer as a substitute
for the proposed constitutional amendment
be ordered to be printed.
There being no objection, the amendment
was ordered to be printed. It is as follows:
Insert in lieu of section one of the article proposed
to be added to the Constitution the following:
No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge or deny to any male citizen of the Uni-
ted States, of sound mind, and overtwenty-oneyears
of age, the equal exercise of the elective franchise at
all elections m the State wherein he shall have actu-
ally resided for a period of one year next preceding
sach election, except such of said citizens as shall
hereafter engage in rebellion orinsurreetion, or who
may have been or shall be duly convicted of trea-
son or other crime of the grade of felony at common
law.
Mr. WARD. I ask that an amendment which
I propose to offer be also printed.
There being no objection, the amendment
was ordered to be printed. It is as follows:
An se°tion one of the article proposed to bo
a xr o 0 Constitution insert the following: i
Xso Stateshall make or enforce any law whichshall
deny to any male citizen of the United States over
twenty-one years of a?e. who has been such citizen
ior three months, the free exercise of the elective
franchise in the State of his residence, except as
Punishment for treason or other eiime of the grade
oi ieiony at common law, whereof the person shall
nave been duly convicted. But this article shall not
attect persons now di&fraueliised for participation in
rebellion, nor prevent the execution of such proper
registration and naturalization Jaws as mav be
needed to protect the people in a just excrcise of the
eleeuve franchise, noi to affect such qualifications
or electors as to time of residence as may be imposed
by law for a period of one year or less.
Mr. SHELLABARGBR. I ask to have .
printed an amendment which I desire to offer.
