1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
There being no objection, the amendment
was ordered to be printed, it is as follows:
Insert in lieu of section ono of the proposed new
article ol the Constitution the following:
No State shall make or enforce any law which shall
deny or abridge to any male citizen of the United
States of the ago of twenty-one years or over, and
who is of sound mind, an equal vote at all elections
in the State in which he shall have such actual resi-
dence as shall be prescribed by law, except to such
as have engaged or may hereafter engage in insur-
rection or rebellion against theUuited States, and to
such as shall be duly convicted of treason, felony, or
other infamous crime.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ihopethat
after the morning hour the gentleman from.
Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] will permit his
motion to reconsider to be postponed, that we
may go into Committee of the Whole on the
legislative appropriation bill. That bill oaght
to be passed as early as possible and sent to
the Senate.
Mr. BOUTWELL. If my present motion
to postpone till after the morning hour should
prevail, we can meanwhile consult as to what
disposition shall bo made of the subject after
the expiration of the morning hour.
Mr. MAYNARD. I give notice that when-
ever I may have the opportunity I shall offer
as a substitute for the bill reported by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts £Mr. Boutwell]
a bill of the same general purport introduced
by me some time siuce, and which was then
printed.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move that the further
consideration of the motion to reconsider be
postponed till after the morning hour, with the
understanding that the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Cuxxoil] shall then bo entitled to the
floor if the House should resume the consid-
eration of this subject.
The motion was agreed to.
PENSION LATTS.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour
now commenced, and the first business in order
is the consideration of the bill pending at the
expiration of the morning hour yesterday, be-
ing the bill (H. R. No. 1682) relating to the
operations of the pension laws, and for other
purposes. The last amendment reported from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions is still
pending. The House refused to second the
demand for the previous question; and the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ijtgersoll] had
risen to moye an amendment to the pending
amendment, and is now entitled to the floor.
Mr. PERHAM. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to yield a moment for an explanation.
I desire to say that the amendment under con-
sideration at the expiration of the morning
hour yesterday was presented by mistake. I
hold in my hand the amendment which was
intended to be offered. I ask that by unani-
mous consent this be considered as pending
in lieu of that offered yesterday.
There was no objection.
TheSPEAIvER. The amendment which has
just been substituted for that offered yesterday,
and which is now pending, will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add the following as a new section:
And be it farther enacted. That section nine of an
act entitled "An act supplementary to an act entitled
* An act to grant pensions,' approved July 14,1852,"
approved July 4,1864, be amended and reenaeted so
as to read as follows: that thosepersons, notenlisted
soldiersm the Army,who volunteered for the time be-
ing to serve with any regularly organized military or
naval force of the United States, or where persons
otherwise volunteered and rendered service in anyen-
fagementwith rebels or Indians since the4th day of
larch,1S61, shall, if they havebeen disabled in con-
sequence of wounds received in battlein such tempo-
rary service, or who were captured or disabled from
disease contracted in rebel prisons, bo entitled to the
same benefits .of the pension laws as those who have
been regularly mustered into the United States ser-
vice; and the widows or other dependents of any such
persons as may have been killed in the temporary
service aforesaid, or died in rebel prisons, shall be
entitled to pensions in the same manner as they
woitld have been had such persons been regularly
mustered: Provided, That no claim under this sec-
tion shall be valid unless presented and prosecuted
to a successful issue within three years from and after
the passage of this act. All such claims shall be adju-
dicated under such special rules and regulations as
the Commissioner of Pensions may prescribe most
effectually to guard against fiaud.
Mr. PAINE. I desire to amend the amend-
ment by moving the following a§ an additional
proviso:
I'rovided further. Til at no pension Khali h ereafter be
paid to any_ person, or to the widow, heirs, or legal
representatives of any person who shall have en-
§aged in insurrection or rebellion against the United
tates, or given aid or comfort to the enemies
thereof, unless such person shall thereafter perform
meritorious service in the Army, Navy, or Marine
corps of the United States.
Mr. PERHAM. That is a subjeet to which
the attention of the committee has not been
called. I do not know that there is any ob-
jection to it. I see none.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the gentleman how
he proposes to ascertain the fact of the per-
formance of meritorious service? It will not
appear on the rolls at the Department nor
upon any record that is accessible to the Pen-
sion Bureau. It seems to me it would be very
difficult to carry the proposed amendment into
practice, and it would be liable to very grave
objection on account of its opening the door to
fraud.
Mr. PAINE. I propose to leave it to the
claimant, who, having served in the rebel
army, shall apply for a pension from the United
States, to prove that he has performed merit-
orious service in the Army, Navy, or Marine
corps. Of course, he will have to make that
proof under such regulations as may be pre-
scribed by the Pension Bureau or Department
of the Interior.
The objection the gentleman makes goes not
to the amendment in its general scope and pur-
port, but to the mere question of proof. Of
course,''in this bill we cannot prescribe detailed
rules'which shall be followed in preparing the
ej*fdence. But if we allow in any case a pen-
sion to a man who has been engaged in the
rebellion we ought to require him to prove
affirmatively, in order to clear himself from the
disability imposed upon him by this amend-
ment, that he has rendered meritorious service
in our Army, Navy, or Marine corps. He may
do it in various ways. If he has no record
proof of any kind to show the fact, then the
Department may allow him to give parole proof
under proper regulations. But it seems to me
to be perfectly intolerable that those who have
engaged in the rebellion or who have given aid
and comfort to the rebel cause should be
allowed to receive pensions which may have
been granted to them heretofore for the war
Of 1812 or other wars under laws that have
befen heretofore in force. I think they should
be cut off unless they have atoned for the offense
in the manner indicated in my amendment.
Now, it is true that a large number of those
who engaged in the rebellion afterward joined
our Army. I would have the disability removed
as to them. But I would not permit a man who
has engaged in rebellion, and who was drawing
a pension from the United States before the
rebellion, to come up here and present his de-
mand, as they are doing every day, and get his
pension.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire the gentleman
to answer this question: why would he make
any distinction in the law in regard to this par-
ticular class of pensions that does not apply to
all pensions ? The law provides that all indi-
viduals applying for a pension must take the
oath prescribed in the law, that they have.not
taken up arms againstthe Governmentor given
aid and comfort to its enemies. Even the
widows who apply have to make that affidavit.
Now, then, this is a peculiar class of pension-
ers that we are providing for by this amend-
ment—those who volunteered to serve in par-
ticular cases. Now, the question is why should
we make special rules for them in this regard
that do not apply to all?.
Mr. PAINE. This amendment of mine does
not propose to make any special provision for
them. Although I have been obliged,on account
of the condition of the bill, to introduce this
amendment as a proviso to the amendment of
the chairman of the committee, yet the lan-
guage is not limited ; it does not apply to this
class of cases in particular, but it applies to all
claimants for pensions, whether for the war of
1812, the war of the rebellion, or any other
war. My special object in this case is to cut
off those who have heretofore been receiving
pensions from the Government under laws that
were enacted before the rebellion, whose pen-
sions have been suspended during the rebellion
on account of their participation therein, but
who will hereafter, unless we enact this law,
come to our Treasury and receive theirpensions.
Mr. PerhaM resumed the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman allow
me to say a word in regard to this particular
subject ?
Mr. PERHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman from
Wisconsin has a good purpose in his mind, I
have no doubt; but I desire to state to him and
to the House that there is one class of persons
that his amendment will hit that I am quite
sure he does not mean to hit. Several regi-
ments—perhaps enough to make a dozen regi-
ments—of our soldiers who were in Libby
and Anderscnville and other prisons made an
engagement with themselves that they would
enlist into the rebel army for the sake of getting
out of prison and saving their lives, and that
they would desert and come back to our Army
on the first occasion. I say, then, enough to fill
many regiments have done it, and have come
straight to our lines and gone again into the
ranks where they belonged before. We have
several applications before the Committee on
Military Affairs to wipe out disabilities that
have been incurred in that manner. Now, if
this law were passed, according to the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Wisconsin it would
debar every one of those persons; and he
ought not to do that.
Mr. PERHAM. I think, from what has
already been said, it is evident that a proposi-
tion like this requires very careful considera-
tion, or we may legislate to do what we do not
desire to do. I think the better way would be
for the gentleman from Wisconsin to allow the
amendment to be referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions. The committee will exam-
ine it and mature a proposition, and if neces-
sary we can send it to the Senate to be inserted
in the bill.
Mr. PAINE. Allow me to make a single
remark?
Mr. PERHAM. I will hear the gentleman
explain if he will be brief.
Mr. PAINE. I want to say that precisely
the case suggested by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] is provided for in my amend-
ment; jfor the provision is that if they shall
have rendered meritorious services in our Army
they shall be exempt from the operation of the
amendment. .
Now, I admit that this might more properly
have been introduced into this bill as a sepa-
rate section ; that it is not properly an amend-
ment to this section, and if I could get it in
the bill as a separate section I would be will-
ing to withdraw it here and offer it on another
occasion. Bat I utterly refuse to have it re-
ferred to the committee. Why, the gentleman
from Maine himself expressed to me his appro-
bation of the amendment, and nobody can
have any objection to its principle. If it needs
any modification in detail let it be modified,
but I mtfst insist upon having a vote in the
House on the principle involved, either at this
point or at some other stage of the bill.
Mr. PERHAM. I think the course I have
suggested is the better one. Let the amend-
ment be withdrawn now, and let it be more
carefully considered, and if necessary it can
be adopted hereafter.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question?
Mr. PERHAM. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. I wish to ask the gentleman
if the amendment he has proposed applies to
persons who were summoned by provost mar-
shals to assist in the arrest of deserters, for
instance, and were wounded or killed in that
service?
