642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
immediately after he shall have concluded his
r6ni3irksi *
Mr. BOUTWELL. I wish to make a sug-
gestion to the House. I desire to ask unani-
mous consent that after the close of the remarks
of the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eld-
kidge] the farther consideration of this sub-
ject shall be postponed until to-morrow evening,
'which I understand will be satisfactory to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cullom.J To-
morrow evening let the debate be confined to
this subject, and then, if I understand the rule s
of the House, if the adjournment shall take
place while this subject shall be under consid-
eration, it will come up oil Friday morning im-
mediately after the reading of the Journal.
That will give the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washbur^e] an opportunity to press the con-
sideration of the appropriation bills to-day and
to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. If this subject shall be
postponed until to-morrow evening, and then
comes up on Friday morning as unfinished
business, it will not be till after the expiration
of the morning hour, as that will be private
bill day, unless the House shall by vote set
aside the morning hour of that day.
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to interfere
with the business of the House, but I wish to
state that there are four election cases undis-
posed of which it is not only proper but im-
portant to have brought up before the House
at a very early day, and I do not feel it my duty
to permit unanimous consent to any arrange-
ment of our business unless the House will also,
by unanimous consent, assign some time for
the consideration of these cases.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
immediately after the reading of the Journal
on any morning, when there is not unfinished
business coming over from the preceding day,
privileged reports or motions to reconsider may
be called up before the morning hour begins.
Mr. DAWES. I am aware of that; but I
have watched very faithfully for such an oppor-
tunity, and it has not arisen very lately.
The SPEAKER. That is owing to the fact
that on several days recently there has been
unfinished business coming over from the
day preceding. The question is now on the
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Boutwell,] that at the conclusion of the
remarks of the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eldridge] the further consideration of the
motion to reconsider be postponed till to-
morrow evening, when debate only shall be
in order, the question going over till Friday
morning.
On the motion there were—ayes 05, noes 24;
no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. BotrnvEixand Mr.
Bkooks.
The House divided ^ and the tellers re-
ported—ayes eighty-one, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, a bill (H. R.
No. 1158) for the relief of Commander John
L. Davis.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed, with an amendment, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested, a bill
(H. R. No. 394) confirming title to Little Rock
Island, in the Mississippi river.
. The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill of the following title, in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested :
_ An act (S. No. G79) to amend an act en-
titled "An act granting lands to the State of
Oregon to aid in the construction of a military
road from Eugene City to the eastern bound-
ary of said State."
pay of a contestant.
Mr. STOVER, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee of Elections the
following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be paid out of thecontingent
fund of the House to William F. Switzler the com-
pensation of a. Representative in Congress for one
year, in fall, for time spent .and expenses'incurred
in contesting the right of George W. Anderson to
a seat in this House from the ninth congressional
district of Missouri.
Mr. STOVER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table."
The latter motion was agreed to.
removal of political disabilities;
Mr. STOKES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1801) for the relief of
the political disabilities of Hiram Crabtree and
others, of the county of Jackson, State ofTen-
nessee; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion.
mail kobte in tennessee.
Mr. STOKES also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1802) establishing
a mail route from Altamont to Tracy City, in
the State of Tennessee ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads. /
sufmage again.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, the decree
may have been pronounced, the hat may have
gone forth commanding another invasion of
the jurisdiction and rights of the States by the
Federal authorities. Partisan statesmen, with
wisdom superior to the framers of the Consti-
tution, may probably have discoveVed another
opportunity to increase and prolong their party
power by another usurpation, by another en-
croachment of the Federal Government upon
the proper rights of the States. If so, I have
not the vanity to suppose that anything I can
say will cause them to hesitate or consider.
Party ends must be accomplished, party pur-
poses must be carried out even though it should
revolutionize the Government, overthrow the
Constitution, and destroy the Republic..
The time was when the suggestion of grave
doubts of constitutional warrant would cause
the advocates of a pending measure to hesi-
tate, to reflect; when want of constitutional
power would insure defeat; when even unques-
tioned powers which had been long unused
were approached with reserve and exercised
only after much deliberation and careful debate.
Innovation and reform, however specious and
desirable, were rejected at once and finally
unless clearly sanctioned by constitutional au-
thority. That no error might be committed,
that the provisions of the Constitution might
be comprehended in all the fullness of their
import, resort was freely had to the opinions
of its framers, the debates upon its consid-
eration and adoption, and the contempora-
neous history of the country and the times.
It was no disparagement to the statesman or
his argument that it was based upon the Consti-
tution. It was the highest authority, both in
its powers and limitations. It was truly con-
sidered not only the bond of our Union and
the grant of all the powers that could be right-
fully exercised by the Federal Government,
but it was the palladium of American liberty.
I will not stop now to point out the changes
that have taken place in this respect, or to give
the different views of modern Solons upon it.
My friends on this side of the House will not
soon forget the' manifestations of scorn and
contempt with which their arguments, baSed
upon the Constitution, have been met by the
majority. We shall remember long the charges
of disloyalty to our country, of treason to our
Government, and of sympathy with its ene-
mies, based only upon the fact that we would
not join them in violating and disregarding its
provisions.
Rut, sir, I shall not be driven from the line
of my duty; I shall not shrink from the like
argument upon this or any other measure be-
cause of any such attacks from those who con-
temn and despise our Constitution of Govern-
ment.
I shall not attempt to analyze this bill or to
examine its provisions in detail. The main
feature and purpose of the bill are to take from
the States the right to determine the qualifica-
tion of voters. It provides—
That no State shall abridge or deny the right of
any citizen of the United States to vote for electors
of Presidentand Vice Presidentof the United States,
or for Representatives in Congress, or for members
of the Legislature of the State in which he may re-
side, by reason of raee, color, or previous condition
of slavery; and any provisions in the laws or consti-
tution of any State inconsistent with this section are
hereby declared null and void.
Thus it is proposed by this bill to invade
the jurisdiction of State authority and subject
all the States of the. Union to Federal control.
This long-conceded right of the States to de-
termine for themselves who of their citizens
shall exercise the right of suffrage within their
respective jurisdictions is now for the first time
to be taken away by act of Congress from all
the States of this Union. It would seem that
the exercise of this power by the States, almost
unquestioned ever since and before the adop-
tion of the Constitution, for more than eighty
years, would cause gentlemen to hesitate be-
fore taking such a step. Is not the argument
that the Federal Government, the people, and
all the States have acquiesced so long in the
exercise of this power by the several States
almost conclusive? No two of the States have
adopted provisions by which the same and all
the same class or classes of their citizens vote.
Some even have not confined the right to citi-
zens at all. Aliens having declared their
intentions only are in several of the States
permitted to exercise the right of suffrage.
There can scarcely be said to be any uniform-
ity. The laws on the subject are as variant
and diversified as the climate and the produc-
tions of the States themselves. And yet the
right and power of the several States to de-
termine this question of the qualification of
voters can hardly be said to have been doubted.
I do not ignore the fact that some one or more
honorable gentlemen on this floor and in the
other branch of Congress, together with some
pseudo-commentators upon the Constitution,
blinded, as I think, by the heated passions of
fanaticism and war, have professed to believe
and have declared that Congress has the con-
stitutional power necessary to pass this bill.
But the conclusions of these gentlemen are, I
apprehend, more from the desire that a Con-
gress composed of their friends should inter-
vene and control the suffrage of the States in
the interest of the party to which they are
attached than from any settled conviction of
constitutional warrant. Their views and opin-
ions are confused, and they seem uncertain
upon what provision of the Constitution to
rest them, i'hey base them more upon what
they consider the necessity of the times, the
wants of the nation, and the will of the people,
as expressed through the party to which they
adhere, than upon any express or implied
grant of power to the Federal Government in
and by the Constitution itself. The Constitu-
tion declares that—
" The Houso of Representatives shall be composed
of members chosen every second year by the people
the several States, and the electors in each State
snail have tae qualifications requisite for electors
of the most numerous- branch of the State Legisla-
ture. —Constitution, art. 1, sec. 2, clausc 1.
This, as I believe, is the only prevision of the
Constitution in any manner dictating or pre-
scribing the qualifications of electors. "And
the electors of each State shall have the quali-
fications requisite, for electors of the most
numerous branch of the State Legislature."
Can any candid, fair-minded man pretend that
this provision is a grant of power to Congress
to intervene and prescribe the qualification of
electors of the most uumerons branch of the
State Legislature ? Is it not all that Congress
can do to insist or require that the same body
or class or classes of persons who are allowed
