1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
643
to vote or qualified as electors of the most
numerous branch of the State Legislature shall
be the electors of members of the House of
Representatives? Arid are they not to be the
same persons who are by the State laws de-
clared qualified electors of the most numerous
branch of the Legislature of the State ? It
seems to me nothing can be clearer. No lan-
guage can make it more explicit. All is left
to the State except only that the persons the
State designates as its electors ot the most
numerous branch of its Legislature shall be
the constitutional electors of the House of Rep-
resentatives. The Constitution provides that
the State may determine the persons who shall
be electors of members of the House of Rep-
resentatives by its act of determining who shall
be the electors of its most numerous legislative
branch. This right of the State to determine
the qualification of the electors of the mem-
bers of its Legislature is older than the Con-
stitution. The State derived the power from
the people of the State before the Constitution
was adopted. The power, therefore, remains
in the State until it is taken away. ' There is
nothing in the Constitution, nothing in the
provision quoted certainly, granting the power
to the Federal Government or prohibiting it
to the State.
In No. 52 of the Federalist, the authorship
of which is claimed by both Hamilton and
Madison, the following language is used with
reference to this subject and the provision of
the Constitution referred to :
"To have reduced the different qualifications in
the different States to one uniform rulewouid proba-
bly have been asdissatisfaetory tosomeoftheStates as
it would have been difficult to the Convention. The
provision made by the Convention appears, there-
fore. to be the best that lay within their option. It
must be satisfactory to every State, because it is con-
' i'ormable to the standard already established or which
may bo established by the State itself. It will bo safe
to the United States,because being fixed by the State
constitutions it is not alterable by the State govern-
ments; and it cannot be feared that the peordo of
the States will alter this part of their constitutions
r.i such manner as to abridge the rights secured to
them by the Federal Constitution."
It appears thus clearly by the opinion of
these most distinguished statesmen, written in
advocacy of the Constitution at a time when
no passion or partisan prejudice influenced
theirjudgment or clouded their understandings,
that it was the intention of the framers to leave
the qualification of electors as established or
to be established by the State itself. And this
provision they declare "was the best within
the option of the Convention."
Judge Curtis, in his History of the Constifu-
tion, shows that what was then feared most
was universal suffrage in its most unrestricted
sense, or that foreigners might be admitted.
And he uses the following language :
" The adoption of this principle avoided the neces-
sity of disfranchising any portion of the people of a
State by a system ol qualifications unknown to their
laws. As the States were the best judges of the
eireumstahe s and temperof their own people it was
ecrtai- ly best to conciliate them to the support of
the new Coustitution by this concession.''—CartU'v
History of the Constitution, vol. 2, p. 200.
Further along, in the same connection, Mr.
Curtis says:
"Accordingly, although very strenuous efforts were
made to introduce into the Constitution of the United
States particular theories with regard to popular
suffrage, some of the members being in favor of
one restriction and some ot another, the rule which
referred the right in each State to its domestic Jaw
was sustained by a largo majority of the Conven-
tion.''—Page 202.
In this view all the commentators that I have
been able to consult agree. It was a reference
of the whole question to the domestic law—to
the law of the State. The House of Represent-
atives was to be composed of members chosen
every two years by the people of the several
States, the requisite qualifications of the elect-
ors of whom were expressly referred to the
law established by the State itself. And this
provision was sustained by a large majority of
the Convention. The advocates of this bill
must therefore look to some other provision of
the Constitution for the power to pass it. There
is no grant here to the Federal Government.
It only authorizes the same electors to elect
members of the House of Representatives who
by the laws of the State are qualified electors
of the most numerous branch of the State
Legislature. This is what was intended, and all
that can be claimed for it.
Can authority for this bill be found under
article one, section four, clause one of the
Constitution?
"The times, places, and manner of holding elections
for Senators and Representatives shall be prescribed
in euoh State by the Legislature thereof; but the
Congress may at any time by law make or alter -ueli
regulations, except as to the places of choosing Sen-
ators."
The times, places, and manner of holding
the elections for Senators aud Representatives
shall be prescribed in each State by the Legis-
lature thereof. The times, places, and manner;
"but the Congress may at any time make or
alter such regulations." What regulations may
Congress make or alter? Clearly, the times,
places, and manner, and nothing else: the
times when and the places where the elections
shall take place. This is clear and unmistaka-
ble. And is there any more room for doubt
as to the import of the term "manner?" It
seems to me not. It cannot relate to the qual-
ification of the electors. This is left where it
was at the adoption of the Constitution—with
the States themselves. Manner must relate
to the manner of conducting the election,
whether by ballot or viva voce, to the mode or
manner in which the elector shall signify his
choice, shall express his will. This was the
opinion of Mr. Justice Story, in his able and
most exhaustive commentary on the Constitu-
tion, where we should almost suppose he had
these bills under consideration. He says:
" What would be said of a clause introduced into
the national Constitution to regulate the State elec-
tions of the members of tho State Legislatures ? It
would be deemed a most unwarrantable transfer
of power, indicating a premeditated design to de-
stroy tho State governments. It would be deemed
so flagrant a violation of principle as to require no
comment."—Story on the Constitution, sec. 8X9.
This bill proposes to regulate the State elec-
tions of members of the State Legislature; pre-
cisely what Story says would indicate an
unmistakable design to destroy the State gov-
ernments. Again Justice Story says :
" Nor can it be said with correctness that Congress
can m any way alter tho lights or qualifications of
voters."—Ibid., section 820.
Mr. Story seems to liaveadopted very nearly
the language of Hamilton on the same subject
in No. 5.9 of the Federalist, where he most em-
phatically condemns the idea even of introduc-
ing such au article into the Constitution. He
says:
"Suppose an article had been introduced into the
Constitution empowering the United States to regu-
late the elections for the particular States, would any
man have hesitated to condemn it, both as an unwar-
rantable transposition of power and as a premed-
itated engine lor the destruction of the State govern-
ments
Ill those days no man would have hesitated
to condemn it. The Constitution could never
have been adopted if it had contained the grant
of power to Congress to determine the quali-
fication of voters for officers of (he Slates. 8uch
a work is left for these days of revolution and
usurpation—to the mad fanatics who for parti-
san ends would destroy our Republic of States.
These authorities not only show tliat the power
to regulate the qualification of electors is not
granted to the Federal Government, but that
it ought not to be possessed by it.
Mr. Story says:
"It would be a most unwarrantable transfer of
power, indicating a premeditated design to destroy
the State government."
Mr. Hamilton calls it—
"An unwarrantable transposition of power," *
* * * "a premeditated engine for the de-
struction of the State governments."
Sir, for myself I most heartily indorse and
believe this This measure originated in hos-
tility to the States, and most certainly menaces
their existence. Every step in the direction
of this bill and joint resolution is a step toward
centralization and consolidation. It evinces a
premeditated design upon the life of the States
—a design to concentrate all the powers of gov-
ernment in the Federal head. And with this
scheme consummated, and the others contem-
plated by the party in power, there will be very
little left of the States; the rights, powers,
and all the vast interest confided to them
by the people will be crushed and destroyed
under the advancing foot of empire. The
States cannot long stand against the grasping
and growing power of the Federal Govern-
ment.
Mr. Speaker, after the most careful exam-
ination and inquiry, I venture the assertion
that, no friend or advocate of the Constitution
at the time of its adoption by the Convention
and ratification by the States can be found to
have claimed even that the power to prescribe
the qualification of voters in the States was
conferred upon the Federal Government. It
is true that the opponents of the Constitution
argued against it on the ground that it might
be so construed ; that Congress—some future
Congress—might undertake to exercise the
power of determining what persons should ex-
ercise the right of suffrage. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] admits,
as I understood him, that this was the charge
made against the Constitution by its opponents.
Patrick Henry was one of them. He made
every argument which his great genius could
suggest to stir up hostility to it. But who but
thegentleman from Massachusetts would argue
a constitutional grant of power against the
plain letter of the instrument on the sugges-
tions of those opposed to it and seeking to
defeat its adoption merely because those sug-
gestions were undenied by its friends? Tho
gentleman, however, is mistaken when he says
that the friends of the Constitution did not
deny that this power was conferred upon tho
United States Government, or that the friends
did not deny this construction of those who
were opposed to it. It was not only denied in
the discussions in the Convention, but it was
deliberately denied by Hamilton and Madison
in the passage already quoted from the Feder-
alist. What denial can be more explicit than
this ?
"The provision made by the Convention appears
therefore to be tho best that lay within their option.
It must bo satisfactory to every State, becnuuo it is
conformablo to the standard already established or
which may be established by the State itself."
And again, (No. 60 of the Federalist,) Mr.
Hamilton makes the most emphatic denial,
and refers to another previous occasion when
he had done so. He says :
" Tho truth is, that there is no method of securing
to the rich tho preference apprehended, but by pre-
scribing qualifications of property either for those
who ni'iy elect or be elected. But this forms no part
of the power to bo conferred upon the national Gov-
ernment. Its authority vrould be expressly restricted
to the regulation of tho times, tiie'places, and tho
manner of elections. The qualifications ol the per-
sons who may choose oi be chosen, as has been re-
marked upon another occasion, ai e defined and fixed
in the Constitution, and are unalterable by tile
Legislature" [ot the Union.]
By reference to the fifth volume of Eliot's
Debates it will be seen that the denials and
statements in the debates were no less clear
and definite. First by—
"Mr. Wilson. This part of tho report was well
considered by the committee, and he did not think
it could be changed for the better. It was difficult
to form any uniform rule of qualifications for ail the
States. Unnecessary innovations, he thought, too,
should be avoid'- d.
"Air. Ellswoehi thought the qualifications of the
electors stood on the proper tooting. The right of
suffrage was a tender point, and strongly guarded by
most of the State constitutions. The people will not
readily subscribe to the national Constitution if it
should subject t.hem to be disfranchised. The States
are the best judges of the circumstances and temper
of their own people.
"Mr. Mapison. The right of "uffrftge is certainly
one of the fundamental articles of republican gov-
ernment. and oucrb t not to bo left to be regulated by
the Legislature" [of the Union.1
Mr. George Nicholas, in his opening speech
in the Virginia convention, (vol. 3 Eliot's De-
hates, p. 42,) made these remarks, showing his
construction of it:
"As the qualifications of electors a re different in the
different States, no particular qualifications, unifoim
through the States, would have been politic, as it
would have caused a great inequality in the elect-
ors, resulting lrom the situation and circumstances
of the respective States. Uniformity of qualifica-
