@44
THE GONGimmmAh (1L0BE.
January 27,
tiona would greatly affect the yeoniany in the State?,
as it would either exclude from this inherent right
some who are entitled to itby the laws of some States
at present, or be extended so universally as to defeat
tlie admirable end of the institution of represents-
tion."
Iti view of these emphatic and distinct avow-
als of the members of the Convention, how is
it possible for the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts to claim that the construction
put upon the Constitution by Patrick Henry
and otliers who opposed it was not denied ?
And will gentlemen still contend that the power
exists in the Federal Government to regulate
the qualification of electors in the States by
the silence and acquiescence of the friends of
the Constitution? The passage quoted from
fiie debates and attributed to Mr. Madison can
have very little weight when compared with
his more deliberate and solemn written declar-
ations. In my judgment, the evidence that
tliq power to regulate the qualification of voters
was left with the States, and that the Conven-
tion so intended from its language, from the
declaration of the members, from the concur-
renthistory, from all respectable commentators,
is conclusive and overwhelming. Any other
conclusion will do violence to the plain letter
of the Constitution, and be a falsification of
the history and debates upon it.
The argumeut that if this power is with the
States, and not subject to the ultimate control
and regulation of the national Government,
the States have it in their power to refuse to
act upon the question, and thereby fail or
neglect to send Representatives to Congress
and thu.s destroy the Government, has very
little force. Congress having the power to
regulate the time, place, and manner of hold-
ing the elections, has all the power that was
thought necessary, all that is necessary. This
being done, the persons qualified to vote for
members of the most numerous branch of
the State Legislature can and will meet and
elect Representatives. It can make no differ-
ence that the electors are determined by the
State. Electors qualified to elect and having
the right to vote for members of the State
Legislature exist, and must always exist so
long as the State itself, as such, exists ; and
Cougress can require them to meet, at the time
and place and cast their ballots in the manner
it may see fit to designate.
Mr. BOUTWELL. As the gentleman has
appealed to me, he will permit me to say a
word. lie has declared that I was in error in
affirming that the debates show no denial by
the friends of the Constitution of the position
taken by Patrick Henry. I desire to say that
I was familiar with the quotations which the
gentleman has.cited, and which, taken by them-
selves, do certainly imply that the authors of
those remarks did not understand the power
for which I contend as being vested in the
General Government; but 1 believe it will be
found that in all those cases they were discuss-
ing the question of primary jurisdiction, not
that of ultimate jurisdiction, for which 1 have
contended.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, I cannot yield further ;
the gentleman has already occupied a couple
of hours on this question.
But the gentleman from Massachusetts, my
colleague on the committee, made one other
argument which { cannot fail to notice. He
claimed, as 1 understood him, that the powerof
Congress to make or alter such regulations as
the State might prescribe, was coextensive
with the power granted to the State, and that
if the Congress could not regulate the qualifi-
cations of electors the States did not possess
the power to prescribe them. This is a funda-
mental error—I had almost said blunder. It
is basing the argument upon the most fatal
heresy of these times—the heresy out. of which
the evils have grown that threaten the very life
of the Republic of States. It reverses the entire
order and system of our Government. The
gentleman must have forgotten that the Fed-
eral Government is a Government of delegated
powers—
"Thai the powers not delegated to the Unitad
States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to
the States, are reserved to the States respectively or
to the people.'"—TevJ.lt Amendment of Constitution.
The power to determine the qualifications of
electors was, in the States, conferred, as we
have before stated, by the people of the States,
in most if not all of them imbedded in their
constitutions when the Federal Constitution
was formed and adopted. And that power has
never been delegated to the General Govern-
ment, and has not been prohibited to the
States. It rests, therefore, where the people
of the States placed it: in the States them-
selves. Sir, the powers and rights and liber-
ties of the States and people do not come down
from Congress or the Federal Government.
There are some powers with which Congress
has not been entrusted. Congress cannot de-
termine just how much of liberty the people
shall enjoy, just how they shall speak and
move and breathe. All the powers of the
Federal Government come up from the States
and people, and it never had 'and never can
have the rightful authority to exercise any
power not granted in and by the Constitution.
The exercise of any other is rank usurpation.
I do not suppose it is seriously believed, or
will be seriously contended, that the passage
of this bill is warranted under the clause of
the Constitution, ''The United States shall
guaranty to every State in this Union a repub-
lican form of government." For Congress to
intervene under the pretense that the States to
which the bill is to apply have not now a repub-
lican form of government is to decide that
there are no States now in the Union that have
a republican form; for the bill applies alike to
all the States. It is to decide that there never
have been any States of this Union that have
had a republican form. If there be any State
that has a republican form, that State ought to
be excepted from its operation. I am not aware
of any one who has the hardihood to claim that
the original States were not republican in form,
and if they were, that settles the question of
the power of Congress to interfere with them
under this provision.
The United States is not to guaranty any
particular form of republican government,
fhe States certainly have the right to select or
choose for themselves the form, only so that it
is republican. All are not by the Constitu-
tion required to be Massachusetts. Ohio's
form may at least suit her people better, and
the LTnited States has no power to dictate or
guaranty the one or the other as a choice of
particular republican forms.
If it were claimed that no State is repub
lican in form that does not allow all its citi-
zens to vote, then we should have no repub-
lican States, because no one of the States does
allow all its citizens to exercise this privilege.
It will not be claimed, I suppose, that the State
has not a republican form of government for
the reason only that it denies to its negro citi-
zens what it also denies to our citizens' wives
and daughters. And if citizenship alone con-
fers the right to vote, and a State is not repub-
lican that denies the right to an uneducated,
half civilized colored man, how mncn more is
the State not republican in form that denies
the educated, cultivated, and refined woman
the right. But, sir, citizenship does not neces-
sarily carry with it the right to vote or hold
office under our system. Nor can the denial to
a citizen of the right to vote by a State destroy
the republican form of its government. It was
not so understood at the adoption of the Con-
stitution, and has never been so claimed by
any sane man. That the question of who shall
exercise the right of suffrage is a delieate and
most important question 1 admit. That the
power of determining it ought to he dispas-
sionately and wisely exercised is equally true.
On its being so used depeuds greatly the wel-
fare and happiness of the body-politic and the
permanence and endurance of our republican
Government and institutions. But that this
power rests in the States, and ought to rest
there, I have no doubt, Ihat the rights and
liberties of the people ar$ safer with this, power
in the control of the States than in the control
of the Federal Government I certainly believe.
And, sir, without meaning any disrespect to
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boci-
well,] I must say that it seems to me that his
bill and resolution for the amendment of the
Constitution, and his "cumulative remedies,
as he styled them, for the evils which exist in
his judgment with reference to the persons who
ought to exercise the right of suffrage, is a
felodese■ If the power exists in the Federal
Government to pass this bill, whether under
any one or all the provisions referred to, then
I admit that Congress has the right to control
the whole question of suffrage and the qualifi-
cation of electors for all officers, State and
national. There can be no reason for its en-
tering the State and determining the qualifica-
tion of those who are to elect the officers named
in the bill that will not apply to every officer
of the State so far as the question of power is
concerned. The electors of President and \ ice
President are not named in section four of the
first article. The power claimed, therefore,
under the word " manner" in this section can
no more apply to them than to the Governor of
the State or any other State officer. So that if
it covers electors it may as well cover, and does
as necessarily cover, all that is contemplated
by the amendment proposed by the joint reso-
lution. ' The amendment is, then, worse than
useless. If it be necessary for the purpose it
contemplates it must be a most pregnant ad-
mission that the bill is unconstitutional.
I submit, however, without stopping to con-
sider it at any length, that so far as the election
of electors of Piesident and Vice President is
concerned, the bill is in direct violation of
clause two, section one, article two of the
Constitution, which provides:
"Bach State shall appoint, in such manner as the
Legislature thereof may direct, a number of elect-
ors," &o.
If " manner'' be the broad term contended for'
by the gentleman the whole subject belongs to
the State, under this provision:
"Each State shall appoint, in such manner as the
Legislature thereof may direct," ic.
And yet by this bill the whole power with
reference to the electors is to be substantially
taken away from the State Legislature. It
"manner," in the clause previously referred
to, allows the United States to prescribe the
qualification of electors, 1 submit the same con-
struction should be given to it in this, and that
therefore Congress has no power by this bill to
take it away or prescribe qualifications different
from those the State may determine.^
Sir, I do not think the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts gave a proper consideration to the
fourteenth amendment, as it is called. I will
not consider the question of whether this amend-
ment is a part of the Constitution ; for myself
I do not believe it is. The gentleman treated
it as though he thought otherwise. I will re-
mark, however, that if it was properly ratified
and adopted'I know of no palliation of the
guilt of those gentlemen who have denied the
representation of those States without whose
action it never could have become and never
can be considered as a part of the Constitu-
tion. The gentleman denied that there is in
this amendment i ny recognition of the right
of the States to determine the question of suf-
frage or who should exercise it. It seems to
me nothing could be plainer. Section two
provides—
"Representation shall be apportioned among the
several States according to their respective num-
bers. &c. But when the right to vo'C at any elec-
tion" * * * * " is denied to any of the
male inhabitants of sueh State, &c., the badis of rep-
resentation therein shall be reduced," &e. *
" But when the right to vote at any election is
denied or abridged in such State;" can there be
any doubt or mistake that this language recog-
nizes and expressly admits the power to be in the
State to abridge or deiry the right to some of its
inhabitants to vote, subject only to have the basis
of its representation reduced thereby? What
other meaning can be attached to or construc-
tio,i  put upon i.|? tlie gentleman candid
