1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE v
bill will then read "for fuel and lights, includ-
ing plumbing, gas-fitting, repairs, and materials,
$1.5,000."
Mr. Chairman, I do that for this reason: it
will be seen by looking at the next item* that
§10,000 is appropriated for furniture and
repairs. Thenin the one hundred and forty-
first line we have $35,000 for miscellaneous
items. This is a very loose mode, as I con-
ceive, of appropriating money. In the esti-
mates we have so much for boxes, furniture,
and repairs. "We have provided for boxes in
a previous item. Whether this is to cover
up anything I Cannot say, but I should like
to have some explanation of it. This mode
of having two different appropriations for
repairs, and then a third one for miscellaneous
items, gives a latitude and a scope which I am
unwilling to indulge in. I have been endeavor-
ing to get the letter addressed to the Speaker
by the Clerk, at the commencement of this
session. I learn at the document room that
it is not printed. I have his letter at the com-
mencement of the last session, and I find he
reports an unexpended balance of $108,139 92.
I desired to get his letter addressed to the
Speaker at the commencement of this session
for the purpose of inquiring into the expenses
for repairs irj the! Speaker's room. I have
understood that they are very great; that the
Government has been charged enormous sums
each for the curtains that are put up there, and
extravagant sums for ehairs, together with other
items.
Now, it will be recollected that in the Thirty-
Fit'th Congress, when that room was firsMftted
up, the expense proved so extravagant an
item of charge as to excite the general atten-
tion and amazement of the whole country. I
hoped to have had an opportunity of compar-
ing the expenses for the present refitting with
the cost of the original furnishing, but as I
liave not the means at hand I am not able to
do so. I shall limit myself, therefore, to pro-
posing such amendments to this bill as will
prevent any disposition of appropriations in
that fashion hereafter. I will remark, how-
ever, that the "Speaker's room" is not in
facta room for the Speaker. The Speaker's
room is in fact a very humble and unpretend-
ing apartment in the lower story of the build-
ing. The "Speaker's room," so called, is
simply a general museum for curious persons,
who pass through the rear of this House. I
trust the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations will see this matter as it strikes my
mind, and let the bill be modified accordingly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The word
"repairs," in line one hundred and thirty-six,
means repairs of the gas-fittings and plumbing
wo'-k, and the water-works- about the Cap-
itol. The item reads: " For fuel and lights,
including plumbing, gas-fittings, repairs, and
materials, $15,000." That is, repairs neces-
sary for roofs, and in the plumbing and gas-
fitting. The next line is for furniture and
repairs thereof; so that the two lines treat of
two different subjects.
Mr. MA.YN/1RD. If the gentleman will
incorporate that as an amendment so that it
will read "repairs thereof," I will accept it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. But that
is not the line to which the gentleman moves
his amendment. This item is for various mat-
ters about the building. Occasionally there is
a burst of the plumbing works, and it requires
a large amount of repairs.
Mr. MAYNARD. Well, let there be one
appropriation sufficient to cover the items of
repairs, and not two or three separate items.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We could
not do that. We might as well apportion our
breakfasts, so much for sugar, so much for
milk, and so much for coffee.
The question was taken on Mr. Mayxard's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
TheClerk read thenextparagraph, as follows:
For furniture and repairs, $10,000.
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to Strike Out that item. I have a letter on the
subject from the Clerk of tne House. " He has
looked at the amount of funds which he has
on hand, and considers that he has sufficient
without this appropriation; and I may say that
I think the Glerk -has-in the management of
this part of the repairs, managed it very eco*
nomically arid properly, and very honestly.
Mr. WELKER. I ^irant to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations how much
was expended for furniture "of the House of
Representatives during the last year? I have
beeii informed that about sixty thousand dol-
lars have besti expended i"fi buying new furni-
ture for the House of Representatives fcf th4
last year. I have also been informed that the
ye&t- before $50,000 were expended for furni-
thre, and that in' 1865-60 about forty thousand
dollars were expended. Now I want, for the
information of the country as well as of the
Committee of the Whole, to ascertain either
from the chairman of the Committee on Ac-
counts or the chairman of the Committee oh
Appropriations, whether those statements are
anywhere near correct in relation to the expend-
itures for this purpose.  
Mr. SPALDING. I ask my friend if he be-
lieves those reports?
Mr. WELKER. I have been informed that
the figures came from the clerk of the Com-
mittee on Accounts.
Mr. BROOMALL. That is a mistake.
Mr. WELKER. I want to hear what it is.
I do not pretend to indorse these charges as
embracing the correct figures. But that is
what I have heard stated, what I have seen al-
luded to ; and I want the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Accounts, [Mr. Broomall,] or the
chairman ofthe Committee on Appropriations,
[Mr. Warhbuiine, of -Illinois,] to give us the
correct amounts in these respects, so that the
correction may go out to the country.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I move that the Commit-
tee now rise.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ihopethat
the gentleman from Wisconsin, who has had
an hour for speaking to-day, will allow us to
go on a little longer.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not speak for my-
self, but for others. There is to be a session
to-night.
Mr. SPALDING. Has a session been or-
dered for this evening?
The CHAIRMAN. A session was ordered
by the House this morning.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
the committee will not now rise, but that we
may go on until live o'clock. It is not quite
half past four yet.
The question was upon the motion that the
committee rise; and upon a division there
were—ayes 33, noes 53.
The CHAIRMAN. No quorum has voted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It does not
require a quorum to decide the motion that the
committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The vote has disclosed
the fact that no quorum has voted, and the
rules require the chairman to take notice of
that fact and to appoint tellers.
Tellers were accordingly ordered ; and Mr.
Washbukxe of Illinois, and Mr. Eldkidge
were appointed.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Emiridge that the committee rise.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I withdraw that motion.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Washbukne, of Illinois, to strike out the
clause "for furniture and repairs, $10,000."
Mr. BROOMALL. Before the question is
taken upon striking out the clause just read I
move to perfect it by striking out the last
word.
Th6 CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will in-
dicate' the word he proposes to strike out, and
confine his remarks strictly to the word to be
stricken out.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move to reduce the
appropriation from $10,000 to $8,000, for the
purpose of answering the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Welke&,] and giving him the in-
formation he seems to be in search of. He is
mistaken in stating that the amounts expended
for repairs for the last two years has been
respectively $60,000 and $-30.0©t). The amount
appropriated for that'purpose last year was
$50j000-,'of-whwh there remains now; On band
unexpended $30,000, so that the entire amount
expended last year fot this purpose was a little
less than twenty thousand dollars. I have not
been able in the brief time allowed me since
the question was asked to get the exact amount
that was expended for thispurpose year before
last, but I have no doubt it was about the,same
as the amount expended last year. - I admit
that-there is a difficulty connected with the
manner in which the furniture for the House is
provided ; a difficulty which the Committee on
Accounts hare now under consideration, and
which they hope to have remedied before the
close of the session. But the reports to which
the gentleman has alluded are very great exag-
gerations. Thereis so little truth in them that
when they come to be sifted we become almost
ashamed of having examined them.
Mr. WELKER. Will the gentleman give
the amounts?
Mr. BROOMALL. I have given the amount
of the appropriation.
Mr. WELKER. I do not mean the appro-
priation.
Mr. BROOMALL. And I have given the
amount remaining unexpended of the appro-
priation, showing that the entire amount ex-
pended for this purpose during the last session
was a little short of twenty thousand dollars.
Mr. WELKER. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [ Mr. Broomall} inform us about
hott much of that appropriation was expended
for the object alluded to by the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. MaynaudJ—the purchase of
furniture, &c., for the Speaker's room?
Mr. BROOMALL. 1 do not remember how
much; a very considerable portion of it.
Mr. WELKER. About four thousand dol-
lars?
Mr. BROOMALL. In fact there was very
little expenditure of that kind during the last
recess, except what was made for the Speaker's
room.
Mr. WELKER. About how much?
Mr. BROOMALL. I do not remember ;
but nearly all that was expended for the pur-
pose.
Mr. WELKER. I have understood that it
was about three thousand six hundred dollars.
Mr. BROOMALL. I was mistaken. - There
was about three thousand five hundred dollars
expended for the Speaker's room.
Mr. WBLKBR. I want to ask the gentle-
man another question. My friend from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Maynard] has alluded to the char-
acter of the curtains in the Speaker's room.
I am afraid his remarks may be misunderstood,
and that it will go out to the country that we
have been extravagant with respect to that
matter. ~ I would therefore be glad if the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bk005£ali.]
would explain what kind of curtains those are.
Mr. BROOMALL. They are expensive
curtains.
Mr. WELKER. How much did they cost?
Mr. BROOMALL. The Committee on Ac-
counts had nothing to do with ordering them.
Mr. WELKER. But you have something
to do with paying for them.
Mr. BROOMALL. Jusf. as we have to do
with paying all other debts of the kind con-
tracted by the proper authorities.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
a vote on the amendment.
Mr. BROOMALL. I withdraw ray amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move as an amend-
ment to the amendment to insert after the word
"repairs" the word "thereof."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question recurring on the amendment,
as amended, it was adopted.
The Clerk read as follows:
For miscellaneous items, $35,000.
