1869.
Tm OONGEEBSIOMAL QhQM-
the most rigid accountability. We must preach
it and practice it right here. * It is hard to get
down to low-water mark after floating upon the
high waves and flush tide during the progress
of the war., From an expense of two or three
millions per day during the war it seems almost
useless to get back to the days of small things
and spend but a few thousand; but; sir, if the
Government did not owe a dollar it would be
our duty to retrench; and with our present debt
upon us is not the obligation as strong as an
obligation could be made? The debt is to be
paid, and paid according to the letter and spirit
of the law which authorized it. Notwithstand-
ing there are men who would be gratified to
have the debt repudiated aud the nation dis-
graced, yet the great mass of the honest peo-
ple of the country are for paying the debt
according to contract.
There has been some confusion in the minds
of a portion of the people upon the subject of
the payment of the public debt. Men differ
upon the question whether five-twenty bonds
are legallypayablein greenbacks or gold. The
people differ upon the question o£ time when
the Government can resume specie payment.
They differ in relation to the proper course to
be pursued in regard to the national banks; but
when the question is asked: shall the nation
pay its indebtedness in good faith? few there
are who dare to intimate open repudiation.
Repudiation will not soon take place in this
country. The honor of the nation is yet held
too sacred. The debt will be paid, every dollar
of it, and that, too, in money that the world
recognizes as such. No man need quibble on
that point. Whatever may be the technical
right of the Government in relation to the five-
twenty bonds they will be paid in'the specie of
the country. They will not be paid until the
Government is able to pay them in specie.
They will not be payable until long after the
question of greenbacks will have faded out of
sight. Greenbacks will soon be as good^ as
gold, and when that time comes the question
whether the bonds are payable in gold or green-
backs, forced upon the public without rhyme
or reason, except to raise a smoke with which
to blind the people upon other more important
issues, will be of no consequence whatever.
The businessof this Congress, in my judgment,
ought to be to adopt a course or policy which
will appreciate greenbacks and do away with
the difference between specie _ and _ paper.
When that is done the other question will settle
itself. _
How are we going to do it? Not by intro-
ducing and discussing pot financial schemes as
numerous and various as the members of this
body, or by setting times for the resumption of
specie payment. It may do some good to fix
a time for specie payment if the timeis far
enough in the future; but my opinion is that
men who are supposed to be financially wise
are worrying themselves more upon that subject
than is profitable either to them or the country.
There seems to be a sort of monomania pre-
vailing among politicians in the country to in-
vent some sort of mysterious financial scheme.
Bills for the resumption by the Government of
specie payment may be considered the hobby
on which men seem to desire to ride; those
seeking popular favor had better be carefullest
in their excitement they are not thrown hard
enough to require some doctoring to get them
on their feet again. Financial legislation often
proves worthless, and oftener, when directly
affecting the business of the people, proves
injurious. .
Why should there be such an anxiety at this
moment for the resumption of specie payment?
The West, I am sure, is not anxious about a
hasty return. They would be glad if we could
get back at once, if we could do so_ without
greater depression in business and prices, but
all admit that a sudden resumption would result
in a sudden fall of prices, and a sudden fall in
prices would financially ruin tens of thousands
of the best and most enterprising men in the
land. The less we say or do, in my judgment,
about resumption at present the better for the
country. W.e do not know what is best to be
done, whether to undertake to resume in two
years or five. Let us cease talking about re-
sumption and turn our attention to retrench-
ment and economy. Let us cut down expense
and restore confidence among the people. Let
us delay action upon the question of resump-
tion until General Grant assumes direction of
affairs; and then, sir, when the Government
has inaugurated a thorough system of econ-
omy and the people regain their confidence in
the Government and get to work, as they will,
it will be time enough to take up the question
of resumption of specie payment. We can
then act with some assurance, at least, that our _
action will not break down the businessof the
country. It is easy for us to sit here and urge
immediate resumption, but it must be remem-
bered that every resolution and bill and speech
introduced or delivered in Congress have their
effect upon the business of the people, which
by such action is kept in a continued unsettled
condition. Every day we hear business men
say that they do not know whether to quit
business or go ahead, whether to continue quiet,
keeping their money in their pockets or banks,
or to engage in business, because they say they
are expecting that Congress will do something
with the finances that will entirely change the
existing condition of things. They are afraid
of Congress on this subject.
Then, sir, I repeat again that our present
duty is to economize and retrench, and to insist
that the country shall have peace upon the
financial questions as well as all others. I do
not believe that any man knows whether we
have a greater circulating medium in the coun-
try than is needed, or if we have how much.
We have a broad expanse of country; its needs
are increasing; we have near forty million
people, and by a proper encouragement of in-
dustry will soon have a business far in excess
of anything heretofore known. The southern
portion of the country is opening up a field for
labor and enterpise and wealth which never
would have been developed under the influence
of slavery. New Territories are rapidly filling
up with an enterprisingpeople,andaredemand-
ing the attention of the Government; great
lines of railroads are stretching from one end
of the continent to the other for thousands of
miles in length; foreign emigration is filling up
the country at the rate of three hundred and
fifty thousand persons per annum, and with all
we are becoming as by magic a mighty empire
of free and industrious people.
Then let us wait until the influence of the
next administration is felt upon the country.
When that time comes we can tell at least with
some certainty, I hope, whether the Govern-
ment can afford to resume specie payment then,
or in one, two, or five years thereafter. We can-
not afford to cripple the enterprise and business
of the country by improper legislation. Who is
anxious for immediate action in favor of specie
payment? Importers desire it because they
could then make a greater profit on the goods
which they buy abroad and bring to this coun-
try to sell. Men who have their capita! largely
in Government bonds desire it because the
mooted question as to what they are finally to
receive in payment would be set at rest. Men
with large capital, who are holding it waiting
for a chance to invest it in a manner to insure
large profits, desire it because if they desire to
invest it in real estate, store-houses, fine lands,
or town lots, they are sure upon a sudden
resumption of getting whatever they desire at
half price. But, sir, there are other people m
this country just as worthy as either of these
classes, and they number as twenty to one, m
my judgment, who would be injuriously affected
by hasty action upon this financial question.
Then, sir, let us make haste slowly, and m
whatever we do bear in mind that there are
people in the country who have rights, and are
not coming here lobbying either for resump-
tion of specie payment, railroad subsidies, pro-
tective tariffs, or anything_ else. They are pur-
suing their honest avocationSj and expect usto
protect them in their right?..
But, Mr. Speaker., I shall not continue my
remarks longer. The difficulties and trials
through which our nation has passed have
been great and numerous since she gained her
national independence. Though less than a
century in years we are to-day among the fore-
most nations of the earth. Oar watchword is
now onward. Our progress in all that makes
a nation great will in the future be far greater
than in the days that are passed. As legisla-
tors, having in keeping the prosperity and
honor of the nation, let us be careful to do
nothing that will hinder, but labor to do every-
thing that will encourage the development of
our country's resources, that will stimulate
industry and add to the comfort and enjoy-
ment of the mass of the people, that will en-
courage science, art, and invention, that will
conduce to good order in society, and that will
make this a Government of power in the world,
based upon enlightened constitutional liberty.
SUFFRAGE, 4
Mr. KERB. Mr. Speaker, in my judgment, L
this measure has never been surpassed inim- ™
portance by any enactments in our entire legisla-
tive history. In intrinsic interest, in far-reaching
consequences, if it become a law, it would be
difficult to conceive a proposition mora mo-
mentous. Besides, in reference to the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution, it is an
initial measure, and for the first time makes
it our imperative duty to consider that amend
ment, and before we make it the basis of legis-
lation to determine, under the sanction of our
oath to support the Constitution, what are its
true intent and meaning.
Mr. Speaker, I have come to its considera-
tion with a profound desire to attain such con-
clusions as shall at once most truly "support"
the instrument and preserve het liberties and
promote the highest welfare of the people.
Yet, on every material point, I find most of
my conclusions to be precisely antipodal to
those of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Boutwell.] Our several reasons_ and
arguments must answer for our different judg-
ments. I only pray that they shall be fairly and
dispassionately considered and weighed by all.
I shall then cheerfully abide the result. The
most important part of the bill, and that which
presents the great questions of power contained
in it, reads as follows in its title and first
section:
A bill to secure equal privileges and immunities to
citizens of the United States, and to enforce the
provisions of article fourteen of the amendments
to the Constitution.
That no State shall abridge or deny the right of
any citizen of the United States to vote for electors
of President and Vice President of the United fet«ite3,
or for Representatives in Congress, or/or members of
the Legislature of the State in which he may reside, by
reason of race, color, or previous condition of slaver*:
and any provisions in the laws or constitution 01
any Slate inconsistent with this section are hereby
declared to be null and void.
The title of the bill and the text of this sec-
tion clearly indicate, and the gentleman's argu-
ment declares, that this bill rests for support,
in part at least, on the first paragraph of the
first section of the fourteenth amendment. I
read it:
"All persons born or naturalized in the United
States and subiect to the jurisdiction thereot are
citizens of theUnitedStfttes and of the State wherein
they reside."
What does this meanl
It is no grant of power.
It gives no new power to Congress,
It takes no preexisting power from the Slates.
It declares who shall be citizens of the Dmted
States. . ,
But the fact that certain persons are citi-
zens, and the number of them, and the defini-
tion of citizenship or of its constituent elements,
were just the same before the ratification of
that section that they are now neither is now
more certain or better settled than it was
before. .
The thirteenth amendment had made all per-
sons of color citizens of the United States, it
they were not hitherto.# Then ^J^dy of
citizens is no way materially changed by this
