1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§55
denies, on grounds of local public policy^ to
the same classes from other States, and which
it denies on the same grounds to persons of the
same classes within its own limits, although such
persons in New England have been invested
with greater rights.
This interpretation is reasonable, practical,
and free from the dangerous and centralizing
tendencies of the one claimedin this bill. It
is consistent with the full enjoyment by the
States respectively of the sacred and natural
right of local self-government and self-protec-
tion. It will enable the States to protect the
body-politic against the dangers and demoral-
izations which would inevitably result from the
other theory.
In this view I am fully sustained by that dis-
tinguished jurist whom I have before quoted.
He says:
"The article in the Constitution of the United
States declaring that citizens of each State were en-
titled to all the privileges andimmunitiesof citizens
in the several States applies only to natural-born
or duly naturalized citizens; and if they remove from
one State to another they are entitled to the privileges
that persons of the same description are entitled to in
the State to which the removal is made, and to none other.
The privileges thus conferred are local, aiul necessarily
territorial in their nature.'1—2 Kent, 71.
To the same effect is the opinion of Justice
Story:
"Theintention of this clause was to confer on them,
if one may so say, a general citizenship, and to com-
municate all the privileges and immunities which
the citizens of the same State would be entitled tovnder
the like circumstances."—Story's Commentaries on the
Constitution, sec. 1806.
Now, if my construction of this constitu-
tional provision is incorrect, and the one
claimed by the friends of this bill is correct,
then it follows that aliens made citizens by the
States are entitled to all the privileges of citi-
zens in any other States to which they may
remove, because they were citizens in the State
they removed from. But the contrary is both
the law and the practice throughout the Union.
Such a citizen removing to another State is
then entitled only to such privileges as are
accorded by the laws of that State to persons
of the same class.
Directly pertinent to this inquiry also are the
citations already made by me from Mr. Kent.
Therefore, if negroes remove from Massachu-
setts, or coolies from California, to Ohio or
Indiana they are entitled there .to enjoy the
same privileges and immunities which are ac-
corded by those States respectively to negroes
or coolies from any other State, " but to none
other." They cannot import into those States
the laws of Massachusetts or California. _ The
right to exclude them or to limit them in po-
litical rights and privileges is fundamental and
necessary to the existence and safety of the
State. It antedates all constitutions. It is
original in the State.
Next, hear the views of Justice "Washington:
"The inquiry is, what arc the privileges and im-
munities of citizens in the several States? We feel
no hesitation in confining these expressions to those
privileges and immunities which are in their nature
fundamental; which belong of right to the citizens
of allfreeGovernments; and which have at all times
been enjoyed by the citizens of the several States
which compose this Union, from the time of their
becoming free, independent, and sovereign. What
these fundamental principles are it would perhaps
be more tedious than difficult to enumerate. They
may, however, be all comprehended under the fol-
lowing general heads: protection by the Government;
the enjoyment of life and liberty, with the right to
acquire and possess property of every kind and to
p iii sue and obtain happiness and safety; subject,never-
theless, to such restraints as the Government way justly
■prescribe for the general good of the whole. The right
ot a citizen of one State to pass through or to reside
in any other State for purposes of trade, agriculture,
professional pursuits.or otherwise; to claim the bene-
fitof the writ of habeas corpus.' to institute anamam-
tain actions of any kind in the courts of the State;
to take hold, and dispose of property, either real Or
personal; and an exemption from higher taxes or
impositions than are paid by the othercvtizensot the
State, in ay be mentioned as some of the particular
privileges and immunities of citizens, which are
clearly embraced by the general description of privi-
leges deemed to be fundamental; to which may be
added the elective franchise, as reuulated ana estab-
lithedby the laws or constitution ofthe Statein which %t
is io be exercised."—Corfield vs. Coryell, 4 Washmg-
(pus Circuit Court liepotte, page 3S0.
The gentleman from Massachusetts cited at
great length and indorsed the decision of the
court of appeals of Kentucky ih Atnyvs. Smith,
(Littell's Reports.) I will waste but little time
on that authority. In most of its reasoning
it is in entire harmony with my views and the
authorities I am using. So far as it is not, and
especially in its attempt to define citizenship,
it is not supported by a single respectable au-
thority in the judicial records of the country.
It has therefore no intrinsic value.
But I give the gentleman, as a full offset to
that case, the case of Abbott vs. Bayley, 6
Pick. R., p. 92, from the supreme court of his
own State; and I read the material part of the
decision in that case. The court says :
" The privileges and immunities secured to the
people of each State in every other State can be
applied only in ease of removal from one State into
another. By such removal they become citizens of
the adopted State without naturalization, and have
a right to sue and be'sued as citizens! and yet this
privilege is Qualified- and not absolute, for they cannot
enjoy the right of suffrage or of eligibility to oMce with-
out such term of residence as shall be ■prescribed by the
constitution and laws of the State into which they shall
remove. They shall have the privilegesandiminuni-
ties of citizens; that is, they shall not be deemed
aliens, but may take and hold real estate; and may,
according to the laws of such State, eventually enjoy
the full rights of citizenship without the necessity of
being naturalized."
I now refer at some length to the views of
the judges in the passenger cases, 7 Howard,
46G, which bear directly upon and illustrate
this subject. After referring to the cases of
Holmes vs. Jennison, 14 Peters, 540; Groves
vs. Slaughter, 15 Peters, 449 ; and Prigg vs.
The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania,10 Peters,
539, Chief Justice Taney remaiks:
" If these cases are to stand, the right of the State
is undoubted. And it 13 equally clear that if it may
remove from among its citizens any person or de-
scription of persons whom it regards as injurious
to their welfare, it follows that it may meet them at
the threshold and prevent them from entering; for
it will hardly be said that the United States may
permit them to enter and compel theState to receive
them, and that the State may immediately afterward
expel them. There could be no reason of policy or
humanity for compelling the States, by the power of
Congress, to imbibe the poison, and then leaving
them to find a remedy for it by their own exertions
and at their own expense. Certainly no such dis-
tinction can be found in the Constitution, and such a
division of power would be an inconsiateney, not to
say an absurdity, for which I presume no one will
contend. If the State has the power to determine
whether the persons objected to shall remain in the
State in association with its citizen:; it must, as an
incident inseparably connected with it, have the
right also to determine who shall enter. Indeed, m
the case of Groves vs. Slaughter, theMississippi con-
stitution prohibited the entry of the objectionable
persons, and the opinions of the court throughout
treat the exercise of this power as being the same
with that of expelling them after they have entered.
"Neither can this be a concurrent power, and
whether it belongs to theGeneralorto theState Gov-
ernment the sovereignty which possesses the right
must in its exercise be altogether independentof the
other. If the United States have the power, then any
legislationbytheStatein conflict with atreaty oraet
of Congress would be void. And if the States possess it,
then any act on the subject by the General Govern-
mentin conflict with the State law would also be
void and this court bound to disrespect it. It must
be paramount and absolute in the sovereignty which
possesses it. A concurrent and equal power in the
United States and the States as to who should^and
who should not be permitted to leside in a btate
would be a direct conlliet of powers, repugnant to
each other, continually thwarting and defeating Us
exercise by either, and could result in nothing but
discord and confusion. .
"Again, if the State has the right to exclude from
its borders a.ny person or persons whom it may re-
gard as dangerous to the safety of its citizens it must,
necessarily have therightto decidewhen and toward
whom" thi* power is to be exercised. It is m its
nature a discretionary power, to be exorcised accord-
ing to the judgment of the party tnat possesses it.
And it must, therefore, rest with the State to determ-
ine whether any particular class or description ot
persons are likely to produce discontent or insurrec-
tion in its territory, or to taint the morals ot its citi-
zens,or to bring: among them contagiousdiseases or the
evils and burdensofnumerous pauper population.* or
if the General Government can m any respect or by
any form of legislation control or restrain a btate m
the exercise of this power, or decide whether it has
been exercised with proper discretion and toward
proper persons and on proper occasions, then the
real and substantial power would be in Congress and
not in the States. In the cases decided in this court
and hereinbefore referred to the power ot dctermin
ing who is or is not dangerous to the interest and
wcllbeing of the people of the State has been "uni-
formly admitted to reside in the State.
"I think it, therefore, to be very clear, both upon
principle and the authority ot adjudged cases, that
the several States have a right to remove from
among their people and to prevent from entering
the State any porson or class or description pi per-
sons whom it may deeui dangerous or injurious to
the interests and welfare of its citizens; and that the
State has the exclusive right to determine, in its
sound discretion, whether the danger does or does
not exist, free from the control of tho General Gov-
ernment."
Mr. Justice Grier, in the same case, (page
47,) said:
"It must be borne in mind (what lias sometimes
been forgotten) that the controversy in this case is
not with regard to the right claimed by the State of
Massachusetts in the second section, of this act, to
repel from her shores lunatics, idiots, criminals, or
paupers, which any foreign country, or even one of
her sister States, might endeavor to thrust upon her;
nor the right of any State, whose domestic security
might be endangered by the admission of free ne-
groes, to exclude them from her borders. This right
of the States has its foundation in the sacred law of
self-defense, which no power granted to Congress can
restrain or annul. It is admitted by all that those
powers whibh relate to merely municipallogislation,
or what may. be more properly called internal police,
are not surrendered or restrained; and that it is as
competent and necessary for a State to provide pre-
cautionary measures against tho moral pestilence of
paupers, vagabonds, and convicts, as -it is to guard
against the physical pestilence which may arise from
unsound and infectious articles imported."
Justice Story, in delivering the opinion of
the Supreme Court of the United States in the
case of Priggs vs. The Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania, 16 Peters, page 625, says;
" To guard, however, against any possible miscon-
struction of our views, it is proper to state that we
are by no means to be understood in any manner
whatever to doubt or to interfere with the police
power belonging to the States in virtue of their gen-
eral sovereignty. That police power extends over
all subjects within theterritorial limits of the States,
and has never been conceded to the United States."
Now, let it be remembered that in all these
authorities it is assumed that the privileges
and immunities referred to as attainable in the
States are required to be attained if at all
according to the laws or constitutions of the
States, and never in defiance of them.
In 1855, in Conner vs. Elliott, 18 Howard,
591, the Supreme Court of the United States
further decided, in reference d this clause,
that it does not entitle a native-born female
citizen of Louisiana, who removed to Missis-
sippi, and there married and lived, to take the
interest in her husband's real estate in Louis-
iana on his death to which the laws of that
State entitle a widow who resided there at the
time of her husband's death. The State oi
Louisiana gave to widows who were citizens
of one State just the same advantages under
its laws which it gave to those of another, and
no more could be rightfully demanded.
But it is claimed there is some support for
this bill and the claim of congressional power
in another provision of the Constitution. The
Constitution declares that—
"The House of Representatives shall be composed
of members chosen every second year by the people
of the several States, and the electors m each btate
shall have the qualifications requisite tor electors
of the most numerous branch of the State Legisla-
ture."— Constitution, art. 1, sec. 2, clause 1.
At the time this provision in the Constitu-
tion on the subject of the qualifications of elect-
ors in the different States was under the con-
sideration of the Constitutional Convention,
we all know that there existed in the States a
very great diversity of provisions and regula-
tions upon this subject of suffrage. They dif-
fered both in extent and principle. In some
of the States the suffrage was extended upon
principles of great liberality to almost all men
of competent age, while in other States it was
extended upon principles of less liberality, and
in some States it was limited by lingering prin-
ciples of the feudal system, which still pre-
vailed in the laws of descent and the transmis-
sion of property in some of the States.
In was in view of these diversities that the
Constitutional Convention approached the con-
sideration of this question. And we are told
by Mr. Story, in his excellent Commentaries
on that sacred charter of our liberty, that for
obvious reasons it would have been improper
to leave that subject open for the occasional
regulation of Congress, even as to the qualifi-
cation of electors for Representatives to its
own body ; and therefore it was settled in the
Constitution itself, and placed forever beyond
the control of Congress. (Story's Comment-
aries on the Constitution, sec. 088.)
