1869.
AZ
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
659
in me to turn aside for a brief period and con-
sider tome of the measures to which we are
accustomed to resort to raise revenue.
Being a member of the Committee of Ways
and Means, which has that subject especially
in charge, I feel it my duty to submit some
observations at this time on the tariff, from
which a large portion of our revenues are de-
rived, and touching some amendments which
have been proposed to the existing tariff laws.
I am the more inclined to regard this as my
duty, because I am unable to agree with the
committee in some of the recommendations
which it has made to the House in regard to
these proposed amendments, and because of
my evident disagreement with a majority of
that committee on the general policy which
Congress ought to pursue in levying duties on
imports iuto the United States. In what I
have to say on this occasion, I shall endeavor
briefly to consider the power which Congress
possesses over the general subject of taxation,
and then to indicate some of the rules which,
in my judgment, ought to be observed in the
exercise of such powers as may be conceded
to Congress in the imposition of these duties.
When. sir, the war of the Revolution had
closed and the independence of the Ameri-
can colonies was fully established, one of the
first great cares of the eminent statesmen
ot that day was to provide some more efficient
system of revenue for the reduction of the
then existing and comparatively very large
public debt, and to secure the means necessary
to carry on successfully the new Government.
Experience had already shown that the Arti-
cles of Confederation were insufficient for that
purpose, and one of the strongest reasons for
abandoning the Confederation under those
articles and adopting in their stead the present
Constitution of the United States was the
urgent, and, indeed, imperative necessity for
some new system of revenue. Instead, then,
of each State having in its own way to raise
its proportionate amount of the revenue de-
manded by the Congress,as underthe Confeder-
ation, it was provided in the Constitution which
brought the new Government into existence
(art. 2, sec. 8) that—
" The Congress shall have power to lay and collect
(axes, duties imposts, and excises, to pay the debts
and provide for the common defense and gencial
weiiare of the United States."
Looking, then, sir, to the contemporaneous
history of this provision of the Constitution,
why was the Congress authorized " to lay and
collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises?"
Simply, I affirm, as a means of raising revenue
to carry on and uphold the credit of the Gov-
ernment, and for no other purpose. Alexan-
der Hamilton, whose great talents and com-
manding influence contributed so much to the
adoption of the Constitution, in a series of
articles which he contributed to the Feder-
alist, in favor of this provision conferring upon
Congress such plenary power of taxation, never
intimated that anything aside from raising rev-
enue was for a moment contemplated by it.
I refer to this circumstance because his groat
name has since been invoked, and oftentimes
successfully, in favor of a different construc-
tion of the power thus conferred on Congress.
To me, sir, it is perfectly plain that t,be legiti-
mate and only legitimate purpose of all taxa-
tion is the production of revenue. That any
other construction should ever have been in-
sisted on under our Constitution and our form
of government is to me most remarkable.
"Duties," "imposts," and "excises," each
but represent a form of taxation, and are em-
braced within the general definition of taxes.
'The words "taxes," "duties," "imposts,"
and "excises" have plain and well-defined
meanings in the English language, and those
meanings, I am quite assured, clearly vindicate
the construction f have given to the taxing
power thus conferred upon this Government.
Mr. Hamilton, in arguing this question of
revenue under the Constitution, in the col-
umns of the Federalist, insisted that a large
portion of the means of the Government would,
in the very nature of things, be raised by duties
on imports, because taxes collected in this way
were indirect and less perceptible than any
other, and because it would be to the interest,
as it would be clearly in accordance with the
genius of this great country, to build up ex-
tended commercial relations with the other
nations of the world, and to thus bring a great
mass and variety of property within the range
of impost duties. In speaking of the advan-
tages to the Union on commerce and its tend-
ency to promote the interests of revenue, he
says:
"A prosperous commerce is now perceived and ac-
knowledged by all enlightened statesmen to be the
most useful as welt as the most productive source
of national wealth, and has accordingly become a
primary object of their political cares. By multi-
plying the means of gratification; by promoting the
introduction and circulation of the precious metals,
those darling objects of human avarice and enter-
prise, it serves to vivify and invigorate all the chan-
nels of industry, and to make them flow with greater
activity and copiousness. The assiduous merchant,
the laborious husbandman, the active mechanic and
the industrious< manufacturer—all orders of men,
look forward with eager expectation and growing
alacrity to this pleasing reward of their toils. The
olten agitated question between agricultureand com-
merce has, from indubitable experience, received a
decision which has silenced the rivalships that once
subsisted b tween them, and has proved, to the en-
tire satisfaction of their friends, that their interests
are intimately blended and interwoven. It has
been found in various countries that in proportion
as commercc has flourished land has risen in value.
And how could it have happened otherwise? Could
that which procures a freer vent for tho products of
the earth, which furnishes new incitements to the
cultivators of land, which is tho most powerful in-
stiument in increasing tho quantity of money in a
State—could that, in fine, which is thefaithful hand-
maid of labor and industry in every shape fail to
augment tho value of that article which is the pro-
lific parent of far the greatest part of the objects
upon which theyaro exerted? It is astonishing that
so simple a truth should ever have had an adversary;
and itis one among a multitude of proofs how apt
a spirit of ill-informed jealousy or of too great ab-
straction and refinement is to lead men astray from
the plainest paths of reason and conviction."
Mr. Hamilton, at the time he penned this
beautiful tribute to the beneficent influence of
commerce on the growth and prosperity of a
nation could not certainly have had it in his
mind that under the pretext of imposing taxes,
ostensibly for revenue, unlimited restrictions
and burdens might be imposed on this com-
merce. Much loss that under this pretext all
foreign commerce might be practically swept
down and destroyed. Further on, however,
in arguing to show that the Government ought,
not to be restricted to duties on iuipoits alone,
Mr. Hamilton says:
" Exorbitant duties on imported articles servo to
beget a. general spirit of smuggling; which is always
prejudicial to the fair trader, and eventually to the
revenue itself; they tend to render other classcs ot
the community tributary, iu an improper degreo, to
the manufacturing classes, to whom they give a pre-
mature monopoly of the markets. They sometimes
force industry out of its most natural channels into
others in^which it flowswithlessadvantages,*'—Fed-
eralist, No. 35.
It would be hard to give a better descrip-
tion of the evils of excessive duties on imports
in the same number of words; and on this
occasion, as on all others known to me, when
arguing from a financial stand-point in favor
of accepting the Constitution in lieu of the
Articles of Confederation, he seemed to speak
in the interests of revenue alone.
I concede, Mr. Speaker, that after the Con-
stitution was adopted and the new Government
fully inaugurated under it Mr. Hamilton be-
came the advocate of a protective system of
duties on imports—a system by which duties
are imposed on certain commodities, not with
a view to the revenue which may be derived
from them, but expressly for the purpose of
raising the price of these commodities, that
the American manufacturer of them may have
his profits thereby increased. In this he was
governed, doubtless solely, by a conviction
that such a system was demanded by the un-
developed condition of the manufacturing in-
terests of the country, and that the highest
considerations of expediency justified such a
policy. Once convinced of its expediency
under a- most liberal and indeed latitudina-
rian construction of the Constitution, which
he was among the first, if not tho very first, to
adopt, he seemed to have had no difficulty in
bringing himself and his numerous friends and
special admirers everywhere to the conclusion
that Congress might assess taxes, not for rev-
enue merely, but for the sole purpose of fos-
tering, protecting, and building up home man-
ufactures.
Mr. Hamilton is regarded, and justly so I
concede, as the father of thi-s protective system
of tariff duties which has either held sway or
high carnival so long in American politics; and
having been the first Secretary of the Treasury
under the Government, and having left the
impress of his genius so strongly marked on
our financial affairs in very many other re-
spects, all serve as my apology for referring to
him so frequently as I do to-day. After hav-
ing given, however, the most careful attention
to what he has said and written on thepower and
duties of the Government in regard to taxa-
tion, I have come to the conclusion—ay, in-
deed, arrived at the conviction—that this idea of
assessing taxes for protection and not for reve-
nue was an after-thought, and formed no part of
the purposes for which our Constitution was
really constructed. Neither in letter or in
spirit could 1 ever regard such a practice as in
harmony with that instrument.
Protection by the agency of a tariff means
simply when practically considered, as 1 have
already intimated, the imposition of duties be-
yond the demands of the revenues by which
the price of similar articles in the bands of
the home manufacturer is increased at the
expense of the consumer without any corre-
sponding benefit to him, by which money is
voted out of the pockets of one man into the
coffers of another without any adequate con-
sideration. It i3 a bonus to the manufacturer
simply the better to enable him to carry on his
business and to increase his profits; a bonus
granted to him at the expense of every con-
sumer of his commodities ; a bonus for the
enrichment of the few at the expense of the
many. The Government has the right to take
from me, under a fair system of taxation, what-
ever proportion of my means it needs for the
purposes of revenue, but has no right, either
injustice or in morals, to take from me a por-
tion of my property or my hard earnings and
to transfer it to the pockets of my neighbor
merely to enrich him or to assist and promote
him in his business pursuits.
In treating upon this subject, in connection
with the regulation of commerce, Mr. Herbert
Spencer, in his Social Statics, says:
"Of bounties must here be said especially what
was said iu the last chapter of factitious advantages
generally; namely, that a Government cannot give
them withoutindirectly reversing its function. Not
being requisite for the due maintenance of the citi-
zen's rights, the taking away of his property for the
purpose of encouraging certain branches of produc-
tion would be wrong, even were collateral benefit
given in exchange; and as, instead of affording him
collateral benefits, the commercial derangements
consequent upon it, iiut additional limits to the exer-
cise ot his faculties, such a. measure is doubly wrong."
Sir, disguise, palliate, or apologize for it as
we may, tins system of protection when carried
to its ulterior results is but a form of legalized
robbery. It is one of those chronic errors
transplanted if not inherited from the uowtot-
teringsystems of European politics which must
sooner or later yield to the enlightening influ-
ences of more liberal and less selfish views of
public affairs. In this country it is emphatic-
ally a plant of foieign origin, cultivated and
kept alive by the hot-house of legislation and
other artificial contrivances. It is a relic of
that class legislation which has been so long
the curse and scourge of mankind. I concede
very frankly that many of thegreatest and most
patriotic of our public men in this country have
at some time in their lives, and to a greater or
lesser extent, advocated protection to home
industry, as it is usually termed, by means of
tariff duties. Mr. Clay spoke often and elo-
quently in favor of what was in his day termed
the American system, which favored a moder-
ate scale of protective duties on foreign goods,
but he did not, advocate this system as the per-
manent policy of the Governmen', but only as
a temporary measure to operate during the in-
fancy of oar manufactures.
