1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
i
lucrative immunities to his business at the ex-
pense of (he public .revenues of the country?
Whatever may lie his intentions, Mr. Speaker,
his conduct is indefensible in the interests of
patriotism.
In view, then, sir, of the considerations which
I have, presented, it does seem to me that there
ought to be tio practical difficulty, at all events,
iti determining the present duty of Congress
while laying duties on imports. All taxes on
foreign articles which are at the same time
manufactured in this country, whether so in-
tended or not, operate to a greater or less
extent as a measure of protection to the home
manufacturers of those articles. Duties, then,
imposed primarily in the interests of revenue
on this class of articles afford what is known
as incidental protection to the American man-
ufacturer. The high rates of duty which the
demands of the Treasury now make necessary
will afford incidentally an amount, of protection
with which any reasonable manufacturer ought
to be satisfied.
In this connection I beg leave to quote
further from the late report of the Secretary of
the Treasury. In speaking of the tariff he says:
"Isiere will be in the future, as there have been
in the pa-t. widely differentopinions upon this long-
vexed and very important subject; but the indica-
tions are decided that the more enlightened senti-
ment of the coantiy demands that the tariff shall
hereafter be a tariff1 for revenue and not for protec-
tion, and that the revenues to be derived trorn it
shall be no larger th >n, in connection with those
received from other sources, will be required for the
economical administration of the Government, the
maintenance ot the public faith, and the gradual
extinguishment of the pub.ic debt. While the coun-
try H not at present, and may not be for miny years
to come, prepared for the abrogation of all restric-
tions upon foreign commeice, it is unquestionably
pre.-ared for a revenue tai iff. The public debt is an
incumbrance upon the property of the nation, and
the taxes, the neees=.ity for which it creates, by
whatever mode and from whateversources collected,
are a' last a charge upon tie consumers, 'faxes
should not, therefore, be increased, nor will the tax-
payers permit, them to be permanently increased,for
the benefit of any interest or section. Fortunately,
or unlortunately, as the question may be regarded
from different stand-points, the necessities of the Gov-
ernment will be such for many years, that large rev-
enues must be derived from customs, so that a
strictlv revenue tariff must incidentaily benefit our
home manufactures."
This is a very concise statement of the ques-
tion as now presented to us, and I very cor-
dially concur with the views thus expressed by
the Secretary. According to the estimates ot
the Secretary §300,000.000 annually will be
required for at least many years to come to
carry on the Government, to maintain the na-
tional credit, and for the gradual extinguish-
ment of the public debt.
In the name of heaven, Mr. Speaker, will
not that afford taxation enough ? Or must we
go beyond that and levy additional burdens for
the benefit of a comparatively small class ot
men only and the advancement of certain local
and sectional interests? The bare suggestion
of such a policy carries with it an exposure of
its enormity.
Inret'ering to the present tariff system the
Secretary further says:
" It is obvious that a revision of it is required not
only to relieve it of incongruiti s and obscurity and
to harmonize it wiih exciso taxes and with our agri-
cultural and commercial interests, but also to adapt
it to the very decided change which must take place
in the business ot the country upon the restoration
of the specie standard. Large revenues are now de-
rived from customs, because a redundant currency
produces extravagance, which stimulates importa-
tion- If the currency wore convert ble and business
were regular and healthy, the tariffwould beseverely
protective, if not in many instances prohibitory.
Indeed, of some valuable articles ic is prohibitory
already."
Mr. David A. Wells, Special Commissioner
of Revenue, in referring to some of the pecu-
liarities of the present tariff rates in his recent
very able and interesting report to the Secretary
of the Treasury, says:
"Another characteristic feature of the existing
tariff is that it attempts indiscriminate or universal
protection, an idea which, it'fulfy carried out, would
render all protection a nullity; and to the extent to
which it is carried out does more for foreign, as com-
pared with domestic industry, than almost any other
one agency."
Again, he says:
" The rate of duty imposed by the existing tariff on
the invoice value in gold of the dutiable goods im-
ported into the United states has averaged for the
last three iiscal years about forty-eight per cent. If
to these rates freights, insurance, and commissions,
which in themselvs constitute a natural and un-
avoidable tariff, be added, the average of duties will
be Still further increased to the extent of from ten to
fifteen per cent."
Again, in speaking of some of the prohibitory
features of existing rates, he says:
" Some forms of bar-iron, and of liquors, cigars,
oats, butter, potatoes. Cattle on the hoof. and fine
wools, are examples of articles on which dutieis are
imposed under the present tariff, sufficient wholly or
in a great degree to check importations,"
Again, he says the present is—
"A tariff baaed upon small issues rather than upon
any great national principle; a tariff which is unjust
and unequal, which needlessly enhances prices, which
takes, far more indirectly from the people than is
received into the treasury, which renders an ex-
Change of domestic for foreign com nouities nearly
impossible, which necessitates the continual export-
ation of obligations of national indebtedness and of
the precious metals, and which, while professing to
protect American industry,really in many cases dis-
criminates against it."
He adduces many facts to sustain these
conclusions, but 1 have only time to refer to a
very few of them. Take, for instance, the ar-
ticle of salt. In 1841 it came in free of duty ;
in 1842 a duty of eight cents per pound m bulk
was imposed; in 1840 this was changed to 1
twenty percent, ad valorem, or about two cents
per bushel; in 1857 it was reduced to fifteen
per cent., or about one cent and a half per
bushel; in March, 18G1, it was increased to
four cents per bushel; in Augu-t, 1861, to
twelve cents, and in July, 1852, to eighteen
cents per one hundred pounds. As salt ranges
from fifty-six to eighty live pounds tu the bushel,
ihis is equivalent to from one hundred to one
hundred and seventy per cent, ad valorem, an
average higher than any duty imposed on any
other article so indispensable and of such gen-
eral consumption. The duty on salt, then, is
on an average more than the prime cost ot the
article, atid consequently more than doubles
the price of it in the hands of the consumer.
It is therefore not only highly protective, but
exorbitant, its effect is, of course, to enable
the home manufacturer ot that commodity to
sell it for much more than lie could if compe-
tition were free.
This protection, I am assured, however,
does not operate to the advantage of all the
home manufacturers alike, but, owing to loca-
tion and other adventitious circumstances, per-
haps not foreseen or appreciated by Congress,
results mainly to the benefit of the Onondaga
Salt Company of the State of New York.
Then, again, take as another instance the
article of pig-i.'on. The existing duty on it is
now nine dollars per ton in gold, equivalent to
twelve dollars in currency. The average ex-
penditure necessary to produce a ton of pig-
iron at the present time is estimated to range
fiom twenty-four to twenty-six dollars. I he
selling price for the past year has ranged from
thirty-seven to forty-two dollars. Scaicely any
well-established business in the country affords
such a margin for profits.
This results in a great degree from the protec-
tion this article receives from the imposition of
this high duty upon it. Every rolling mill and
every other manufacturer of iron commodities
is made tributary to this pig-iron interest.
Every consumer of iron, from the mill-wheel
to the plowshare, from the rail to the tenpenny
nail, and from the boiler-plate to the grubbing-
hoe, contributes to the profits the manufacturer
of pig iron is thus enabled to realize.
Then, again, Mr. Speaker, take as another
illustration the article of quinine. It now pays
a duty of forty-five per cent, in gold, equal_ to
about sixty per cent, in currency. This high
rate of duty was imposed, as was alleged, be-
cause of a duty of twenty per cent, on cinchona
bark, from which it is manufactured; and be-
cause of the then high tax on whisky, which is
used in its manufacture. Quinine, however,
is an article of almost universal consumption
as a medicine. The poor and the unfortunate ;
are perhaps much the largest consumers of it. |
This duty upon it, then, in my judgment, is an
exorbitant and unreasonable one also, and
ought to be greatly reduced, if not entirely
repealed.
1 will take as another illustration the article
of steel. It is a commodity in daily and
almost universal use by artisans, laborers,
and mechanics of nearly every name and de-
gree. Steel in ingots, bars, coils, sheets, and
steel wire, when not valued at not over seven
cents per pound, pay two and a quarter cents
per pound ; when valued at aboveseven cents,
and not above eleven cents, three cents per
pound; when valued at above eleven cents,
three and a half cents per pound, and in addi-
tion thereto ten per cent, ad valorem, all pay-
able in gold, as all duties on imports have to
be paid. Penknives, jackknives, and pocket-
knives pay a duty of fifty per cent, ad valorem.
Other tools manufactured from steel pay a
similarly high duty. Ail manufactures of
steel, or of which steel shall be a component
part, not otherwise provided for, are charge-
able with a duty of forty-five per cent, ad
valorem, equal to about sixty per cent, in cur-
rency. These duties oh steel and steel com-
modities when analyzed and computed in cur-
rency, as they all have eventually to be when
thrown upon the market, will be found, with
possibly rare exceptions, to range extrava-
gantly high and to operate as a peculiar bur-
den on the laboring men of the country.
Now, Mr. Speaker, we might well suppose
that themaniifncturersofsalt. pig iron,quinine,
and steel would be quite satisfied with the duties
imposed on these articles and with the protec-
tion thus afforded ; but I regret to have to say
that such is not their condition. We have a
bill now before ns, and its consideralion urged
up.>n us, in which we are asked to increase the
dut) on salt to twenty-four cents on each one
hundred pounds when in bulk and on all rock
salt, and to thirty cents per one hundred pounds
on salt in bags or sacks. We are not asked in
this bill to levy additional duties directly on
pig-iron, but we are requested by it to increase
the tariff on other forms of iron by which that
interest will be greatly promoted and its profits
still increased. Neither is it proposed to di-
rectly increase the duty on quinine in the bill
now before us, but the manufacture of that
article has been already cheapened by a reduc-
tion of the tax on distilled spirits, which is, I
believe, an indispensable agent in the process,
and it isproposed in this bill to admit cinchona
bark, from which it is extracted, free of duty,
and thus to still further cheapen the manufac-
ture of it. This reduction, then, of the cost
of quinine in the hands of the manufacturer
affords to him really additional protection in
the manufacture of it, and benefits him as much
as if correspondingly increased duties should be
placed upon it.
Vv'e are also asked in this same bill to assess
an additional duty of one cent and a half per
pound on all kinds of steel, and on all ma-
chinery composed in whole or in part of steel
fifty five per cent, ad valorem, equal to about
seventy-four per cent, in currencySir, I regard
these demands as a bold experiment on the
patience and credulity of the American people,
and I trust their rejection will be so decided
and emphatic as to preclude all idea ot a re-
newal of them, in our day at least. I might
present many other objections to the proposed
amendments to the existing tariff laws; but,
sir, my time is too short to allow me to do so
to-day.
As another evidence of the severity of the
present rates of duty on many leading articles
of general consumption I shall ask the atten-
tion of the House to two or three other items,
and I shall then dismiss that branch of the
subject. Every pound of tea is taxed at twenty-
five cents in gold ; every pound of sugar_ at
from three to five cents per pound, according
to its quality; every pound of coffee at five
cents—both also in gold. By adding about
thirty-four per cent, we get the amounts in cur-
rency. These three articles yield an aggregate
revenue to the Government of near fifty mil-
lion dollars in gold. This is certainly a pretty
severe tax upon mere articles of food, and
