662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
«/ y
which are now, next to bread, perhaps, ranked
among the commonest necessaries of life. We,
then, who are not wedded to high tariffs and
to high taxes of all hinds would feel inclined
to think that in readjusting the present tariff
rates some relief to the consumers of these
most important commodities of tea, sugar, and
coffee, which are consumed by the poor as well
as the rich, would have been, at least, proposed;
but such is not the case. When any material
change is suggested it is rather to increase the
rates, except in a few instances in which cheap
raw material is needed by the manufacturer.
This demand for an increase of duty on cer-
tain manufactured articles comes with a pecu-
liarly bad grace from the home manufacturers
of those articles just at this time. Some years
since, during the greatest exigencies of the late
civil war, when internal taxes were resorted to
by Congress, these manufacturers, with others
perhaps, vehemently insisted that their propor-
tion of these internal taxes would destroy their
business unless increased duties were levied on
foreign articles with whieh they had to compete,
by which additional protection might be afford-
ed them. Theseincreased duties were promptly
levied by Congress and this additional protec-
tion freely conceded. During the last session
of this Congress these manufacturers appealed
to us to be relieved of these internal taxes,
alleging as a reason that as the exigencies of
the Government were no longer so great the
industrial interests of this class ought to bo the
first to be exempted. Congress again heeded
their appeal, and less than ayear since relieved
the great mass of these manufacturers from
internal taxation on their products.
Now,itdoesseem to me that as these increased
duties on imports were to a very great extent
levied in consequence of the imposition of
these internal taxes, the plainest principles of
justice and fairness would suggest a corre
sponding reduction of these duties when the
internal taxation is removed, in consequence
of which they were levied. As matters now
stand this repeal of internal taxes operates
simply as abonus of live per cent, to these man-
ufacturers. They ought, therefore, not only
to consent to, but to propose a corresponding
reduction of the tariff. But, sir, in the face
of all this, they not only oppose any substan-
tial reduction, but now most solemnly insist on
another and still greater increase of these
duties. Sir^ the persistency and audacity of
this proceeding is almost without a parallel in
American legislation.
I agree, Mr. Speaker, that there ought to
be some legislation on this subject; indeed,
that there ought to be a thorough revision of
our tariff laws; but I insist that this revision
ought to be in the interests of agriculture and
commerce as well as of manufactures. In this
matter it is peculiarly appropriate that there
shall bo "equal and exact justice to all men ;
exclusive privileges to none." But above all,
sir, this revision ought to be primarily in the
interests of the public revenue for which alone
taxes can be justly imposed. When the ad-
vocate of a protective tariff fails at every other
point in his argument he usually takes refuge
in the plea that it is labor he is really seeking
to protect, and not the capitalist especially.
If i could be convinced, Mr. Speaker, that
high duties, levied for the purpose of protec-
tion. inured chiefly, or indeed to any great
extent, to the benefit of the laboring masses
of the country, I would yield at once much of
my opposition to that class of legislation. No
gentleman on this floor, or elsewhere I trust,
is more really desirous of promoting the true
interests of labor at all times and everywhere '
than lam. It is a subject which has long com- j
manded my most earnest attention. It is a I
subject on which I desire, above all others of j
a public nature, to be right. In the very j
nature of things those who labor with their '
hand's—the hardy sons oftoil—must always con-
stitute mncli the largest portion of the human
rac. Whatever, then, affects the great mass of
the people of any nation peculiarly concerns
them. In attempting to do the greatest good
to the greatest number, as every just legislator
ought to desire to do, their interests demand
our first and highest consideration. The very
force of numbers, if nothing else, entitles them
to that precedence.
But that, is not all. Still higher considera-
tions appeal to us. . All wealth is the result of
labor ; without labor there is no development,
no progress in the material world. There is
no property in anything on which labor has not
been expended. If the earth were to yield
spontaneously her increase the labor of man
would still be required to gather in her ripened
fruits and to secure the harvest. The birds of
the air, the beasts of the forest, the waters of
the ocean, the vast area of land, the air of
heaven, and the light of the sun are not wealth
in the sense in which we speak of the wealth
of a nation. They are the raw material out of
which wealth may be produced. They are the
common inheritance of all mankind and have
been bestowed on all alike, it is what labor
produces from these and appropriates to indi-
vidual and national uses which we call wealth.
It is labor that imparts to every commodity its
value in the markets of the world. There can,
then, be no wealth without it. Great, there
fore, is the dignity and power of labor. 'Wise
and just legislation will always exalt it. If,
then, the proposed protective legislation will
result favorably to the interests of labor, it is
certainly a very strong argument in favor of
such legislation.
Then, Mr. Speaker, do high tariffs and pro-
tective duties iuuro peculiarly to the benefit
of the laboring men and women of this coun-
try? Clearly not, as I most earnestly believe.
It is to their interest to have cheap food, cheap
capital, cheap lands, and cheap homes ; to
have the necessaries as well as a share of the
luxuries of life within their reach. These they
cannot have so long as high taxes constitute
a large portion of the cost of the article and
prices are thus inflated by them. Protective
duties tend to concentrate wealth and popula-
lation, whereas the true interests of the labor-
ing man require that these shall be diffused and
fairly distributed. Protective duties are always
arranged with reference to the amount of money
they will put into the pocket of the employer
and the capitalist, and not with reference to the
wages of the laborer.
Sir, when the friend of protection has occa-
sion to refer to the interests of labor he seems
unconscious of the fact that only a very small
proportion of the laboring people in this coun-
try are engaged in manufacturing. I!epracti-
cally ignores the stalwart millions who are en-
gaged in agriculture and commerce, who build
railroads and dig canals, and who are mining
the precious metals. These, constituting as
they do the vast majority of our laboring pop-
ulation, desire no shackles on commerce and
no unequal laws for their benefit. They want
a just and humane Government, honestly and
economically administered, with the ocean for
a highway and the world for a market, and
they will be content to take their chances i.11
the great race of life. They demand no sub-
sidies from other branches of industry for their
aggrandisement, and they have a right to insist
that none shall bo levi-ed of them except for the
common good of all alike.
Mr. Speaker, there are many other serious,
and, as I think, overwhelming, objections to
the existing tariff laws as well as to other
amendments to these laws proposed by the
Committee of Ways and Means, but the brief
time allotted to me will not permit me to refer
to them to-day.
On motion of Mr. ELDRIDGE, (at ten
o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER : The petition of Lewis
T. Mann, of Alleghany county, Virginia, for
removal of his political disabilities.
By Mr. CHURCHILL: The petition of D,
W. Sims, for increased invalid pension, to date
from June 6, 18f>6.
Also, the petition of B. F. Clarke and others,
citizens of Cazenovia, New York, asking that,
the petition of D. W. Sims be granted.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: A me-
morial of the Massachusetts'Horticultural So-
ciety, in favor of the importation of ornamental
trees, plants, shrubs, and seeds free of duty.
By Mr. JUDD: The petition of John Ditt-
man and others, asking protection for dealers
in lager beer.
By Mr. MOORE: The petition of S. K.
Marshall, a citizen of Yorktown, Virginia,
praying the protection of Congress from the
illegal oyster tonnage tax law of Virginia.
Also, the petition of George H. White, of
Baltimore, Maryland, with accompanying pa-
pers, praying for the intervention of Congress
to protect all engaged in the oyster trade from
illegal taxes by the authorities of Virginia.
Also, a petition from masters and owners
of vessels of Tnckerton. New Jersey, praying
the intervention of Congress to protect all
engaged in navigation from illegal exactions
by State and municipal corporations.
Also, the petition of Sidney P. Russell, of
Accomack, Virginia, owner of schooner D. R .
Wilson, with accompanying papers, praying
the intervention of Congress lor protection
from the illegal faxes exacted by the authority
of Virginia.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of Christian
Sharps, of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, for an
extension of his patent for breech-loading fire-
arms.
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition of Robert
B. Goodyear, asking for an extension of his
patent for improvement in power looms.
By Mr. VAN AERNAM: The petition of
Lucetta, Clements, for back pension.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 28, 1809.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unan-
imous consent,, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior, suggesting further legislation with
regard to the erection of penitentiaries in the
Territories of Nebraska, Washington, Colo-
rado, Montana, Idaho, and Arizona; which was
referred to the Committee on Territories, and
ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, communicating,
as provided in the treaty of the 7th of August,
1868, reports of the commissioners appointed
to examine the claims of the Pottawatomie
Indians ; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Secretary of the Interior, communicating
information of the suffering condition of the
Indians on the Upper Missouri river, and
urging the necessity of an appropriation for
their relief; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
credentials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the credentials of Hon. John Scott, elected
by the Legislature of Pennsylvania a Senator
from that State for the term commencing March
4. 1869 ; which were read, and ordered to be
filed.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, presented
two petitions, signed by citizens of New York,
Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois,
praying that, in any amendment, whieh may be
proposed to the Constitution of the United
States there shall be no distinction between
men and women ; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
