1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
663
Mr. CONKLING. I present the petition
of Charlotte Crane, of the town of Northfield,
county of Richmond, and State of New York,
widow of the late Colonel Ichabod B. Crane,
asking a pension and setting forth special facts
constituting the merits of the case. I move that
it be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING also presented the petition
of the proprietors and inmates of Our Home,
Danville, Livingston county, New York, pray-
ing that the women of the Districtof Columbia
may not be debarred the rightof suffrage; which
was referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
Mr. POOL presented a petition of William
Eley, of Virginia, praying to be relieved of dis-
abilities imposed on him by acts of Congress;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. POMEROY presented petitions of citi-
zens of the State of New York, of the city of
New York, of the State of Kansas, of the State
of Connecticut, and of citizens of Watertown,
Jefferson county, New York, praying that in
any amendment proposed to the Constitution
of the United States there shall be no distinc-
tion made between men and women ; which were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of R.
P. Graves, of Powhatan county, Virginia, pray-
ing the removal of civil disabilities imposed on
him by acts of Congress; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MORGAN presented the memorial of
the Lake Shore Grape Growers' Association,
praying the enactment of a law authorizing the
granting of letters-patent on new horticultural
varieties ; which was referred to the Committee
on Agriculture.
He also presented a petition of merchants
of New York, in favor of an act of Congress
legalizing the construction of the New York
and Brooklyn bridge; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
wholesale grocers and merchants of Chicago,
remonstrating against any increase of the duty
on refined sugars; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A few days ago I pre-
sented the memorial of the city council of
Chicago, accompanied by a bill, asking for the
passage of a law granting to the city the land
under the waters of Lake Michigan for one
league in front of the city in order to enlarge
the harbor facilities of that city. I now pre-
sent the memorial of Mahlon D. Ogden and
others, property holders and men who have
riparian rights upon the shores of Lake Michi-
gan, remonstrating against the passage of any
bill which shall interfere with the rights they
have already acquired by purchase from the
United States. I move its reference to the
Committee oil Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of
naval officers at League Island, praying relief
for Mrs. Jane Dean Bishop, widow of William
S. Bishop, deceased, late a Surgeon in the
Navy; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
the United States, praying for an appropria-
tion for the Soldiers' Orphans' Home at Gettys-
burg, Pennsylvania; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
CAPTAIN CHARLES HUNTER. '
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of Charles Hunter, praying
for pay from the 22d of June, 1863, to the 21st
of June, 1866, to report a bill for his relief;
and as this is a bill that will create no debate
I ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent the bill (S. No. 844)
for the relief of Captain Charles Hunter, of
the United States Navy, was read twice, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It j
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay i
to Captain Charles Hunter,. United States
Navy, pay as commander in the Navy on leave
from the 22d of June, 1863, to the 21st of
June, 1866.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. I presume there is a
report accompanying this bill, or else there
should be some explanation of it. I wish the
Senator would let us understand it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will explain it in one
moment. Captain Charles Hunter was in com-
mand of the United States steamer Montgom-
ery in 1862. Cruising off the coast of Cuba he
sighted a rebel steamer. He fired a blank
shot, and the vessel showed very suspicious
indications and endeavored to avoid him and
ran toward the land. He endeavored to cut
her off, but she got within neutral ground,
within the marine league, before he could
reach her. She then cast anchor. He sent
his boats out to ascertain her character, and
the crew fired the vessel aad she was destroyed.
She proved to be the steamer Blanche. She
had also other names. She had been a very
celebrated blockade runner, and was then, !
think, upon her fifth successful voyage. The
vessel was destroyed; but it was destroyed—
although the act of her own crew—in neutral
waters, and the Spanish Government com-
plained against ours on that ground. For
performing his duty too well Captain Hunter
was tried by court-martial, and under the press-
ure of diplomatic necessity he was broken,
but recommended by the court to executive
clemency. The President and the Secretary
of the Navy were disposed to restore him im-
mediately. Admiral Farragut told me he ought
to have been promoted for it. But in the then
condition of the country it was not thought
advisable or prudent to offend any foreign
nation, and as Spain had made remonstrances
on the subject the sentence was carried into
execution. The Navy Department informed
the State Department of its desire to restore
Captain Hunter just so soon as it could be
done with safety to our diplomatic relations.
As soon as that period arrived Mr. Seward
addressed a letter to Mr. Welles, stating that
he had no further objection to the restoration
of Captain Hunter ; and he was immediately
restored, nominated, and confirmed. This
bill is to give him leave pay during the time
that he was deprived of his commission for
having performed his duty too well. The
report is unanimously made by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
EE POUTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 687) establishing a certain post
road in the State of Connecticut, reported it
with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 686) to establish
a certain post road in the State of Connecticut,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 833) for
the relief of Rufus M. Hollister, of Janesville,
Wisconsin, have directed me to report it back
with a recommendation that it pass. Jt is a
small bill, appropriating $500 to pay for a
destroyed bond, and I ask for its present con-
sideration.
The PRESIDENT^>ro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill at the
present time. Does any Senator object?
Mr. CONKLING. I do not object if we
may go through the morning business and in-
troduce such bills as we have. I suppose the
Senator has no objection to that. I have a
bill that I should like to introduce for reference.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to make are-
port.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports
from committees are still in order.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 838) to prevent the collection of illegal
imposts under color of State authority, reported
it with amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred a petition
of captains and owners of vessels, and citizens ■
of different States praying protection from ille-
gal taxes imposed by States, cities, and sea-port
towns, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the Legislative
Assembly of Montana in favor of an appropri-
ation for a national road from Fort Benton to
the Columbia river, asked to Be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to theCommitteeonTerritories; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of citizens of Wilming-
ton, North Carolina, praying an appropriation
for the purpose of building a post office in that
city, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Boads; which
was agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS, from theCommitteeon Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
731) to create an additional collection district
in the State of California, reported adversely
thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Cecil C. Neil, sur-
veyorofthe portofCharlpston, South Carolina,
praying that he may be allowed a stated salary
instead of fees, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Thomas Rigney
and other merchants of the city of N<'w York,
asking for congressional legislation with respect
to certain charges alleged to be illegally levied
by the custom-house of New York, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
Mr. NYE. The Committee on Naval Affairs,
who were directed by a resolution of the Sen-
ate of December 16, 1808, to inquire into the
practicability, expediency, and probable cost
of deepening the entrance to the harbor of
Midway Islands in the Pacific ocean, so as to
afford a safe rendezvous and port of refuge
and resort for the naval and mercantile vessels
of the United States, have instructed me to
report favorably upon the proposition. I de-
sire to have the report and the accompanying
documents, except the maps, printed.
The PRES1 DENT pro tempore. The order
to print, will be entered.
Mr. NYE. I desire iti this connection to
give notice to the Committee on Appropria-
tions that whenever the naval appropriation
bill is under consideration I shall move an
appropriation of §50,000 to carry out the pur-
pose of that report. I submit the amendment
for reference to that committee, according to
the rules.
Mr. DRAKE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Abbott Q. Ross, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 845) for the relief of
Abbott Q. Ross. The bill was read and passed
to asecond reading, and thereportwasordered
to be printed.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 1482) to restore the Bureau of
Indian Affairs to the Department of War,
reported it with an amendment.
APPOINTMENT OF MlDSnlPMES.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I am instructed
by the Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1571) in rela-
tion to the appointment of midshipmen from
the lately reconstructed States, to report it
back without amendment and recommend its
passage ; and if there be no objection I should
like to have it considered now. By the exist-
ing law the nominations of midshipmen to the
Naval Academy must be made between the 4th
of March and the 1st of July, oa the nomina-
