1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
66?
acter of the remarks that have been made by
some honorable Senators, and also the circu-
lation of letters and documents by Mr. McGar-
ralian, which seem to me make it necessary;
and yet I am as anxious as any Senator can be
that this question shall be disposed of; and in
my opinion it could have been disposed of be-
fore this time but for the advocates of the motion
that is sought to be made. The motion seems
so extraordinary a one to me that any interest
I could possibly have in any question could not
induce me to vote on the affirmative side of it.
But, sir, if the motion now before the Senate
shall obtain, and a vote can be had upon the
question without further debate, I will not at-
tempt to occupy any time on the subject. If
not, I give notice that I shall want to take part
in the discussion and to reply to many things
that have been said on the subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on postponing the special order for an
hour, with a view to continuing the debate on
the question of order.
The motion was agreed to. V
The PRESIDENT^pro tempore. The ques*
tion of order is again before the Senate as to
the motion made by the Senator from Indiana,
to take up the bill (EL R. No. 65) for the relief
of William McGarrahan.
Mr. POMEROY. I have taken no part in
this debate, and I did not intend to do so. I
have no opinion iu regard to this case. I do
not know anything about it. If I did know I
would not express an opinion; but I do not
know, aud therefore I have none to express.
But the question of order is more important
to the Senate than the consideration involved
iu this ease, I care not how large that consid-
eration may be. The question of order in-
volves the question whether we are to con-
tinue the precedents of the Senate, or whether
we are to reverse them; and that is a question
of the greatest importance. There is a way in
which this question might have been reached
under our rules. But before you can proceed
to the consideration of a question the first
thing to be ascertained is whether the question
itself is before the Senate; whether the papers
relating to it are here ; whether you can pro-
ceed with it provided the motion is in order.
To make a motion to proceed to the consider-
ation of a question when the papers relating
to it are not in the possession of the Senate is
out of order, no matter what the question is.
Now, the motion to proceed to the considera-
tion of this bill is out of order, first, because
the papers are not in the possession of the
Senate. There are two ways in which we
might proceed with this question: one is by
a resolution asking the return of the papers
from the House of Representatives, and an-
other is by a proceeding in the House of Rep-
resentatives. These are two ways which could
have been pursued in order to get at the ques-
tion. But to proceed to consider a question
that is not here is certainly not in order. Then,
secondly, the papers having got here by one
of the two methods of which I have spoken,
the question would come up whether we could
proceed to the consideration of the case ; and
all I can say about that is that we can proceed
to its consideration by unanimous consent or by
reversing our rule. I do no„ sbw of any
other way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion for the Senate to decide is, is it in order
to take up the bill mentioned by the Senator
from Indiana for the purpose of reference, it
having been postponed indefinitely at the end
of the last session ?
Mr. CONNESS. Upon that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PERRY. Mr. President, I was a mem-
ber of the committee which investigated this
case. I have, however, nothing now to say
about the case ; but I do wish to say a very few
words directly to the point of order._ The ques-
tion before the Senate is important in one par-
ticular. It is not by any means the mere tech-
nicality which the Senator from Indiana seems
to suppose. The question before the Senate
is, whether we will now abandon and abolish
the very convenient mode of disposing of bills
which committees recommend to have rejected
by the motion to postpone indefinitely; whether
we will abolish in our subsequent proceedings
in the Senate the use of that motion; for if the
present motion is declared to be in order, then
henceforth it-is idle at a first session of Con-
gress to make and carry a motion for an indefi-
nite postponement, for it will only heap bills
and mfeasures upon the table of the next
session.
Mr. MORTON. I beg to ask my friend one
question, with his permission.
Mr. FERRY. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. If that should be the effect,
I ask him if the right to reject is not left ?
Mr. FERRY. The action of the Senate
upon the passage of a bill is still in order; but
it occupies nroro time. It is not as convenient
nor as rayda for the transaction of business as
the motipn to postpone indefinitely.
Noj^, sir, the question of order in this case
turi)S, as the Senator from Indiana has cor-
ly said, entirely upon the construction of the
twenty-first joint rule; and in order to know
what the twenty-first joint rule means we must
ascertain what was the condition of thelaw at the
time that rule was adopted. It is agreed on ajl
hands that before the adoption of the twenty-v
first joint rule the adoption of a motion to
postpone indefinitely was considered by the
Senate as a determination of that measure.
Everybody considered it so; and there has been
no question made here on either side of the
present controversy but that the passage of such
a motion before the adoption of this rule, and
at the time of such adoption, was considered
by the entire Senate as a determination of the
subject matter. Now what is the rule?
"That all bills. &e.. which, at ■ }io close of the next
preceding session, remained undetermined in either
House."
What did the committee that drafted that
rule mean by the word "undetermined?" Did
they mean to include bills which had been post-
poned indefinitely, or not? Does the word in
its legitimate signification include such bills?
Unquestionably, if what I have hitherto said
be correct, it does not, and unquestionably the
language of the twenty-first rule will not have
the effect to carry over bills which have been
postponed indefinitely at the preceding session,
becausc those bills had been determined at the
preceding session by the universal view enter-
tained by the Senate at and previous to the
time of the adoption of the rule. If, then, at
the time of the adoption of this rule, the indef-
inite postponement of a measure at a preceding
session was a determination of that measure
the rule does not take the measure and carry
it over to the succeeding session. I hence think
the motion is out of order.
Mr. COLE. I cannot see that the merits of
this claim are at all involved it; the question of
order now before the Senate, and so far as I
am concerned I shall vote on the question of
order without any reference to the merits
involved in the proposition that was postponed
indefinitely at the close of the last session.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to say just one
word in reply to the Senator from Kansas. The
point that he makes is a mere question of the
mode of putting the proposition. If the papers
are in fact over in the House of Representa-
tives, if the Senate now, upon the motion of my
colleague, decides to consider this measure, of
course we shall call upon the House for the
papers. Thatis amere matter of form, of call-
ing upon the House for the papers when we
decide to consider the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is whether it is in order to take up this bill
for the purpose of reference, it having been
postponed indefinitely at the close of the last
session, and on that question the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
The question having been taken by yeas and
nays, resulted—yeas 27, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cainefon, Cragin, Doo-
little. Drake, Fessenden, Fowler, Grimes, Harlan,
Harris, Hendricks, Howard, Kellogg. MeCreery, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morton, Osborn. Pool, Ramsey, Bice,
Ross, Sherman, Thayer, Van Winkle, Vickers, War-
ner, and Welch—%.
^AYS — Messrs. Cole, Conness, Corbett, Dixon,
Edmunds, Ferry, Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Nye,
Patterson of New Hampshire. Robertson, Spragae,
Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Wiiley, Williams, and
Wilson—18.
ABSEKT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard, Cat-
tell, Chandler, Conkling, Davis, lYelinghuyseii, Hen-
derson, Howe, McDonald, Norton, Patterson ot Ten-
nessee, Poineroy, Saulsbury,Sawyer, Spencer, Tipton,
Wade, Why to, and Yates—21.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
determines that it is in order.
Mr. MORTON. I move now to send to the
House of Representatives for the papers, and
that, they be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. CONNESS. I object to that form of
motion. Nothing can be referred until it is in
the possession of the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. I move, then, to send for
the papers to the House of Representatives.
I make that motion first.
The PRESIDENT p?'o tempore. It is moved
that the Secretary be directed to request the
return of the papers in this case from the House
of Representatives to the Senate.
' Mr. STEWART. I should like to know if
that opens the merits of this case? I think it
does. I understand that that is the broadest
possible motion that can be made. It opens
propriety of sending for these papers for
the purpose of correcting and again consider-
ing them. If the matter has been correctly
disposed of, of course there is the end of it.
If we are to call upon the House to return
these papers it must be for the purpose of fur-
ther consideration because the Senate is not
satisfied with its action.
Mr. CONNESS. I beg pardon of my friend
rrorn Nevada for interrupting him ; hut under
the decision just made by the Senate it appears
to me to be an equivalent decision that they
will finally order these papers to be returned
or send a resolution to the House for them.
That it is an extraordinary decision I under-
stand ; but I forbear, and am forbidden to say
more on the subject. I think, if my friend
will pardon me, that it is best not to occupy the
time of the Senate now upon the merits, if he
will excuse my saying so, because there are
many Senators, including himself, on the great
subject he has charge of who' will feel that we
ought to proceed to the consideration of more
important matter. Besides, upon the merits
of the case, after the exhaustive examination
which has been given it by the committee to
which it has been referred heretofore, for one
I have no fear of the result. Therefore I hope
that this motion will not be discussed at length
by my friend, and I hope he will excuse me for
making this suggestion.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator from Oregon
[Mr. Williams] also suggests that that would
be the better course, and I shall acquiesce in
that suggestion. All I wish to say now is that
I do hope to have an opportunity to discuss
this matter, and I hope that Senators when it
is discussed will give it sufficient attention to
see who is right and who is wrong, and that it
shall have a place hero and a discussion. My
object in opposing this motion was that the
case might be reconsidered in the House of
Representatives. I do not think the bill was
ever properly considered in that House. It
was not a unanimous report in the House;
and I should prefer to have a new bill intro-
duced iu both Houses with a full opportunity
for its consideration. But the rules have been
so construed that it must be considered wholly
in the Senate hereafter. The merits cannot
again be considered in the House. Whenever
that time comes I shall have something to say.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Indi-
ana, that the Secretary be directed to request
the return from the House of Representatives
ot the papers in this case.
The motion was agreed to ; and a message
was subsequently received from the House of
