1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
669
the consideration of the original proposition,
but to obtain a distinct consideration for this,
and although I offer it now, early in the con-
sideration of this subject, I do not care to have
an immediate vote upon it. I hope the debate
will go on upon the amendment presented by
the Senator from Nevada, and that after due
consideration I shall be able to obtain a favor-
able vote upon this amendment which I have
proposed.
^ The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. Ferry.)
The quesiionis on the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. WILSON. I hope that amendment will
be agreed to.
.\lr. MORTON. It seems to me the amend-
ment is proper 111 every particular. I am forit.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the amendment be
read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Buckalew.
Mr. STEWART. From the reading of that
proposition it strikes me rather favorably, but
it is a matter that ought to be examined by a
com mittee, and certainly to attach it here would
embarrass the original resolution. I should
like to have the naked proposition with regard
to suffrage submitted by itself; and I would
suggest to the Senator from Pennsylvania to
introduce his proposition as a separate meas-
ure and have it referred to a committee.
Mr. BUCKALEW. 1 drew this amendment
with the intention of offering it to-day as a sep-
arate resolution, and of having it referred to
the Committee upon Representative Reform,
and of calling a meeting of that committee for
this evening to consider this very question.
All I desire is that we have an opportunity to
obtain the vote of the Senate on this proposi-
tion before the resolution now pending passes
beyond the reach of amendment. That is my
only purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I understand the read-
ing of the amendment the only change made
in the Constitution is to require presidential
electors to be elected by congressional districts.
Mr. BUCKALEW. No, sir: the Senator is
in error. There are two changes proposed by
my amendment. The first is that the choice
of presidential electors shall be by popular
vote, instead of being as the Legislatures of
the States may prescribe—a change to which
F suppose there is no objection in any quarter.
It is very proper. The second change is that
Congress shall have power to prescribe the
maimer of choosing presidential electors. Thry
already have the power to fix the time; and I
merely propose to confer upon Congress the
power to regulate the manner of choosing pres-
idential electors, under which Congress may
prescrihethe single district system, or any other
improved mode.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I would sug-
gest, with regard to the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Pennsylvania, that while
it is very important in itself, and certainly has
much in its favor, it is hardly germane to the
pending proposition. The amendment to the
Constitution reported by the Committee on
the Judiciary relates to the right of suffrage.
Now, as I understand the proposition of the
Senator from Pennsylvania, he proposes to
add to the amendment determining the right
of suffrage a further amendment deter mining
how presidential electors shall be chosen. Is
it expedient for the Senate at. this moment, in
considei itig the other and more important, ques-
tion, to embark upon the question presented
by the Senator from Pennsylvania?
I know what a history the proposition of the
Senator from Pennsylvania has in its favor. I
believe it may be traced substantially to the
greatest mind that has been called to consider
our Constitution ; certainly the greatest of
those who at the beginning of its history con-
tributed his powers to its illustration, i mean
Alexander Hamilton. This proposition will
be found substantially in his writings; never,
however, carried into practical life. 1 do not
say that I will not support it; I do not say
that it is not proper that it should be embodied
in the Constitution of the United States; but I
simply submit now to the Senate whether it is
expedient to complicate the great question of
suffrage with this other question, important as
it may be.
Mr. STEWART. I do not understand that
the Senator from Pennsylvania presses the
question now,
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will remember that the first and very
material part of this amendment does relate
to the subject of popular suffrage, and it is
equally as extensive as the original amend-
ment to which it is offered. It proposes to
take from the Legislatures of the several States
the power, which they now possess, of direct-
ing how presidential electors shall be chosen,
and to provide that the people of the several
States themselves shall exercise the right of
suffrage in the choosing of those electors in the
several States.
The second branch of my amendment also
relates to the subject of suffrage. It provides
that Congress may direct the manner in which
that right of suffrage by the people of the several
States shall be exercised in the particular of
selecting electors of President and Vice Presi-
dent of the United States. Consequently, both
branches of this proposed amendment to the
second article relate to the subject of popular
suffrage, and to tne manner in which that right
shall be exercised. The amendment is, there-
fore, most germane, is most appropriate, is most
legitimate; and offered as an addition to the
proposition presented by the Senator fiom Ne-
vada no objection can lie to it upon thatground.
I repeat, however, sir, that I only desire that
this subject shall be considered distinctly and
by itself at some time before the present
measure passes from before the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I merely wish to in-
quire whether if this is adopted as an amend-
ment the two propositions would be submitted
as one article, or whether there would-be a
separate vote on each.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I explained before that
it was my design, as soon as it should be in
order, to offer to change the formal part of
the resolution so that it shall be submitted
separately and distinctly from the other.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Seuator
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. STEWART. I should not like to vote
for it as an amendment to this proposition nor
as an additional section. I would rather it
should be considered by the committee and
come up separately.
Mr. BUCKALEW. It is offered as a new
section.
Mr. STEWART. But it is in the same article,
and both are to be submitted together. I prefer
that each single proposition should be submit-
ted alone. So I shall vote against it as an
amendment, and hope it will not be put upon
this resolution, although it strikes me favor-
ably in itself from the reading of it. I hope
the Senator will not press it as an amendment.
If he does my vote will be against it, but not
on its merits. I shall oppose it as an amend-
ment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I was absent for a mo-
ment when the Senator from Pennsylvania
introduced his proposition. Do I understand
that it goes to regulate in any way the suffrage,
or only the mode of electing, whether it shall
be by the Legislature or by districts or by the
popular vote? -
Mr. BUCKALEW. Itis that Congress may
prescribe the manner in which presidential
electors shall be chosen, and also that they shall
be chosen by the people in the several States.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then the only power that
it gives is to decide whether the election shall
be by districts or by general ticket. Is there
anything tnore than that?
Mr. BUCKALEW. It does decide that the
people shall choose the electors. Next, it i
leaves to Congress the regulation of the man- j
ner in which they shall be chosen. I
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques- !
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Pennsylvania.
The question beiug put, the amendment was
declared to be agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I suggest that we cannot
have two amendments at the same time. I
call for a division on the question. I do not
think the Senate intends to put these two prop-
ositions together. We cannot have two prop-
ositions pending before the Senate at the same
time unless we unite them. I call for a division
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest to my friend who
has this resolution in charge that it seems to
me the Senate ought to have the proposition
of the Senator from Pennsylvania on its table
in print before it undertakes to embody it in
the Constitution of the United States. The
proposition has not passed through the ordeal
of any committee. It comes from the careful
brain of my excellent friend, [Mr. Bcckai-ew;]
hut then I presume that even he would not
expect that we should receive from him alone
a text of the national Constitution without ajiy
consideration by a committee or others of the
Senate. I think, therefore, in gome way that
we ought to secure for his proposition, import-
ant as it is, more careful consideration than it
has had merely from being read at the desk.
I hope that it will be printed and will be
brought up for consideration on some other
day when we proceed with this business.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President., the ob-
jection that I would have to the amendment, of
the Senator from Pennsylvania would be the
very opposite to the objection that would come
from the Senator from Massachusetts. The
proposition of the Senator from Pennsylvania
is so obviously right that in no Legislature of
the Union, I presume, would it meet with any
hostility, but it, would be a popular element in
any amendment proposed, and would give
strength to the proposition of the Senator from
Nevada. Idesire, if this amendment conferring
universal suffrage shall go to the people, that it
shall go alone, without that which gives it par-
ticular strength over and above its own claims
to strength. That is the objection I have to the
proposition of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
for I think experience, as far as it has shown
anything upon this subject at all, shows that
the amendment of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania is a proper one, that the mode of select-
ing presidential electors should be otherwise
than it is now regulated in the Constitution.
But as the measure itself is right ill my opinion
I cannot vote against it. I do not see why any
Senator who desires that the original proposi-
tion shall go with strength before the State
Legislatures should object to this amendment,
for lam sureits tendency would be to strengi hen
the other proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A division
is called for on the question of agreeing to the
amendment proposed by the Senator front
Pennsylvania.
Mr. FRKLINGHUYSEN. I trust that the
Senate will not adopt this amendment. The
amendmentto the Constitution which Ras been
proposed by the Judiciary Committee has been
considered by the people of the United States
and been discussed before them for years ; it
has been discussed in Congress; it has been
referred to a committee, and this is the result
of all that deliberation.
Now, this amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania may be a very good one: but it
would be a very hasty mode of altering the
fundamental law of the country for the Senate
of the United States, on the mere suggestion
of an amendment, to change that which has
been the law of the country ever since its found-
ation. I think there may 4)e a good many
objections in this amendment. It provides
that Congress may regulate the manner of
choosing presidential electors. That is taking
the whole subject of suffrage from the States
and giving it to Congress. It is the broadest
step that has been made, if I understand the
amendment  
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator is mis-
taken in supposing that this takes the whole
