1869.
THE CGN0RESSI03ML GLQBR
675
ton, Higby. Hopkins, Chester D ilubbnrd, iluiburd,
Hunter, JencKts, Alexander II. Jones, J udd, Julian,
Kelley. Kclscv, Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, Iiafim,
Lswh.G-eorgeV.Lawrence,William Lawrence, Loan,
Lynch, Mai lory, Mafvin, Mityuard, McCarthy, Me-
Kee, Mercur, Miller, Moore, JVIoorhead, Morrell,
Mullins. Myers, Newcouib, N ewsham, Norris, O'Neill,
Orth, P.iitie, Ferhain, Peters, Pettis, Pierce, Pike,
Plants, Poland, Folsley, Price, Prince. Kaum, Bob-
ertson. Roots, Sawyer, Schenek, Scoficld, Sely'e,
Shanks, Shellab'arger, Spalding, Starkweather, Ste-
vens, Stewart,Stokes, Stover,Taylor. Thomas, John
Trimble, Upson, Van Aern&m, Burt Van Horn, Hub-
ert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, Elihu B. Wash-
feurn'o, Henry i). Washburn, Wiihain B. Washburn,
Welker, Whittemore, Thomas Williams, William
Williams, James If. Wilson, John X. Wilson, Ste-
phen F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—135,
NAYS — Messrs. Archer, Barnes, Beck, Boyer,
Brooks, Burr; Chanler, Fox, Getz, Glossbrenner, (iol-
laday, Grover, Haight, Hotchkiss, Richard D. Hub-
bard, Humphrey, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott,
Marshall, Niblack, Phelps, Pruyn, Randall, Robin-
son, Ross, Sitgreaves, Stone, Taber, 1'ift, Van Auken,
Wood, Woodward, and Young—3-4.
N OX V OTIN G—Messrs. Adams, And erson, Ax tell,
Baldwin, Banks, B;irnum, Bowen, Boyden, tjary,
Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, bidney Clarke, Cor-
nell, Delano, Dickey, Dixon, Docker.v, Driggs. Eek-
ley, Eldridge, X^erry. Ga-rfield, Ooss, Halsey, Hamil-
ton, HawMns, Hill, Holman, Hooper, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Ingersoll. Johnson, Kellogg, Lincoln,
bridge,
ader C. Washburn—53,
So the preamble was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the votes
by which the resolution and the preamble were
severally agreed to ; and aiso moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bridge across t11e missouri river.
On motion of Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts,
by uuani.uous consent, the Committee on Com-
merce was discharged from the farther consid-
eration of a letter from the Secretary of War,
in answer to a resolution of the House of the
16ih ultimo, relative to a bridge over the,Mis-
souri river at Kansas City ; and the same was
referi ed to the'Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. CH.ANL.Eli moved to reconsider the
various votes by which matters were referred;
and also uioved that the motion to reconsidcr
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bridge across the east river.
Mr. BARNES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1804) to establish a
bridge across the East river between the cities
of Brooklyn and New York, in the State of
New York, a post road ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Roads and Canals.
Mr. SPALDING. I call for the regular
order of business.
message from this senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. HaM-
lijs, one its clerks, informed the House that
the Senate had passed bills ot the House of the
following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 833) for the relief of Rufus
M. Hollister, of Jonesville, Wisconsin; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1751), in relation to the
appointment of midshipmen from the lately
reconstructed States.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 844) for the
relief of Captain Charles Hunter, U lilted States
Navy.
The message also requested the return to the
Senate of the bill (HL R. No. 65) for the relief
of William McGarraban, which was indefinitely
postponed by the Senate in July last, also the
papers in the case.
william m'garrahan.
By unanimous consent, it was ordered that
the bill (H. R. No. 65) for the relief of Wil-
liam McGarrahan, with the accompanying
papers> be returned to the S6nat6j in accoru*
anee'with its request.
a auger's fees.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication'from the
Commissioner of internal Revenue, in answer
to a resolution of the House of the 25th instant,
relative to ganger's fees for gauging and inspect-,
ing liquors; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
MSITENTIARtES IN fHE TERRITOUIBS: -
The SPEAKER, also laid before the House
a letter from the Secrefa'r*y. of the Interior, -in
relation, to the construction of penitentiaries
in certain Territories' thei-ein named ;' which
was referred to the Committee oii'tKe Territo-
ries, and ordered to be printed^
CLAIMS OF P.OTTAWATOMIES. .
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary-of the
Interior, submitting a report of the commis-
sioners appointed under the tenth article of the
Pottawatomie treaty of August 7, 1868, to
examine the claims of said tribe ; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
G EOIiGIA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I novv call up
the resolutions reported from the Committee of
Elections in reference to .the case of John II.
Christy and of John A. Wimpy, each claiming
to be duly elected a Representative itj this Cou-
gress from the sixth congressional district of
Georgia.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
Mesolved, That J. H. Christy, having voluntarily
given aid, countenance, counsel, arid encouragement
to persons engaged in armed hostility to the United
States, is not entitled to take the oath of offico as a
Representative in this House from thesix'h congres-
sional district of Georgia, or to hold ascafc therein as
such Representative.
Henolved, That John A. Wimpy, not having re-
ceived a majority of the votes cast for Represent, ttivo
i.T this House from tbesixth congressional districtof
Georgians not entitled to a seat therein as such Rep-
resentati v e
Rexo'vcd, That the Cummittce of Elections be dis-
charged from the lurthcr consideration of the ques-
tion of removing political disabilities from John H.
Christy, and that tile same by referred to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
• Mr. DAWES. I desire to have these reso-
lutions considered separately.
The SPEAKER. A separate vote will be
taken upon each resolution upon the demai
of any member.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent'
that each of the gentlemen claiming to be en-
titled to this seat be permitted to address the
House upon the merits of the case under the
rules of the House.
No objection was made.
Mr. DAWES. The vote which has just been
given by the House instructing the Committee
on Reconstruction to examine matters con-
nected with the State of Georgia has some-
what embarrassed the Committee of Elections
as to what disposition it may be proper for
tliea to ask the House to make of this case;
whether, after having instructed the Committee
on lieconstruction to inquire into these mat'
ters, it is not the propercourse that these reso-
lutions be referred to that committee. They
would have no question but what that reference
would be the most proper disposition to be
made of these resolutions at this time were it
not that the Committee of Elections were unan-
mously of opinion that neither of these par-
ties was entitled to the Seat claimed, even
assuming that everything undsr the reconstruc-
tion acts had been complied with. Yet. there
may be, as every member of the House will
see, a contingency in which the House might
not agree with the committee in that respect,
and then we should find ourselves involved
immediately in the discussion of the very ques-
tion which the House by a very decided vote-
in which most of the members of the Commit-
tee of Elections, myself among the number,
have agreed—has referred to another commit-
tee. Under these circumstances, the vote of
the House instructing the Committee on Re-
construction having just been given, I have
been unable to confer with all the members
of the Committee" of Elections upon this view
of the case. 1 am, however, willing, and
do not know but that it -is- necessary—cer-
tainly I shall interpose no otyection to that
course—that before wo; enter upon this dis-
cussion, inasmuch as the House may think that
one or the other of these claiiaaitts is entitled
to represent this district, if.the. House shall
deem i-6 .best, this .subject shall be postponed
forthe-present.- !■
Mr. TJ'RSOM.-' ■"VYAlt'myrcoileague upon the
Committee of. Elections [-Mr. Dawes] yield to
me for a moment? ;
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. UPSON. My colleague. will- recollect
that in concurring in. this report I distinctly
announced to the committee that the question
whether or not Georgia should be entitled to
representation was not involved, and that on
that, sufcg'ect I would not commit myself until
that .question; now pending before the Com-
mittee on Recoristaiction, shall have been re-
ported upon and decided by this House.
M-r. DAWES. I do not know that there
would be any diversity of opinion -among the
members of the Committee of Elections upon
the facts that came before the committee.
But if the House should be of opinion that
one or the other of these gentlemen was en-
titled, upon the papers before the Committee
of Elections, to a seat upon this floor for the
district named, I think there would bo no
difference of opinion in the minds of the mem-
bers of the Committee of Elections that the
question of the right of Georgia to be rep-
resented at all in this House should be decided
before these resolutions shall be passed upon.
Under these circumstances lam realty at a loss
to know what disposition to makeot tlm case.
It would be profitless for us to spend much
time in discussing this question now if the
result should be, after all, that it would be
necessary to refer these resolutions to that
committee for the precise examination which
they have already been instructed to make.
It is, however, desirable for these claimants
to have their case determined, lhe Committee
of Elections were unanimously of the opinion
that neither of the claimants was entitled to
represent that district in Congress under any
circumstances, if', however, no member of
tjife Reconstruction Committee is of opinion
.hat the reference of the case of Georgia this
morning takes this question away from the
House for the present I may as well discharge
the duty devolved upon me by the Committee
of Elections, and present this case as 1 have
been instructed to present it.
Sir. PAINE. If the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Elections will allow me 
Mr. DAWES. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. PAINE. I desire to say that the views
which the gentleman [Mr. Dawes] has ex-
pressed on this subject, seem to me to be cor-
rect; and it is, in my judgment, proper that a
motiou should be adopted by the House to
postpone the consideration ot tins case until
the question involved in the resolution agreed
to this morning shall have been decided. But
1 do not fee! willing to make such a motion if
it will interfere with the direction which the
Committee of Elections may see fit to give to
this case. I will merely say that to me, as one
member of the Reconstruction Committee, it
seems quite proper that it should take that
course.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Speaking
for cneof the contestants, Mr. Wimpy, 1 am
quite content, as I understand he is, to have
this ease referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction ; but 1 think that the present posture
of the question had better not be interlered
with until after the case of Mr. Christy is set-
tled. I do not think that Mr. Christy's case
ought to be referred to anybody, and 1 am here
for the purpose of arguing that propositioM.
But as to the question whether^ Mr. Wiuipy is
entitled to represent this district I can have
no doubt that that should not be settled nntil
the main question is settled. But Mr: Christy,
I am prepared to show from evidence ema-
nating from his own hand, does not stand any-
where, and ought not to represent anybody on
earth.
Mr. CHANLER. Will the gentleman trom
