676
THE' CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
January 28 
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] yield to me for a
moment?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir.
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Speaker, I would re-
spectfully submit to the House and to the chair-
man of the Committee of Elections that the
opening argument in favor of Mr. Wimpy, jflst
made by the gentleman from' Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler.] presents a cogent reason why
this whole subject should be discussed before
this House. To refer a matter of such great
public importance; involving the right to a seat
upon this floor, to the Committee on Recon-
struction, even with the consent of the chair-
man of the Committee of Elections, when the
latter committee has prepared a report, is out
of order and inconsistent with the dignity of
the question involved. Certainly the merits of
these two contestants are sufficiently plain to
be understood by this House as well as by
the condensed intelligence of any committee
whatever. The only object of a preliminary
consideration of this question prior to its pre-
sentation to this House is, as it always is in
such cases, to lay before the House the general
merits of the case. Why should we transfer
the decision of this question from the body of
the H"useinto the hands of the Committee on
Reconstruction? Why should not the House
decide upon this question after due discussion?
This strikes me as the practical, fair, reason-
able, and customary manner of proceeding in
such cases.
I hope the chairman of the Committee of
Elections wilLtake into view my statement in
reference to this case, and will bear in mind
that practically any reference of this subject
to any other committee than the Committee
of Elections wouid be simply a postponement
of the debate upon the subject. To call for a
decision by another committee upou a ques-
tion which exclusively belongs to the Commit-
tee of Elections would be derogatory to the
dignity of the committee, as well as inconsist-
ent with the practice of this House and the
dignity of the question involved.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] to yield to me for
a moment. >
Mr. DAWES. I will do so.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, the reso-
lution adopted by the House this morning re-
ferring a matter of inquiry to the Committee
on Reconstruction seems to me to put an ob-
stacle in the way of our inquiring at this time
whether either of these gentlemen or anybody
else is entitled to represent the sixth congres-
sional district of Georgia in this Mouse,for surely
if the investigation results as it is manifest the
mover of the resolution anticipated it might
possibly result the question now presented from
the Committee of Elections will necessarily be
postponed indefinitely. Hence, until that"ex-
amination be had and the result reported to
the House, we should, it seems to me, be con-
suming time unnecessarily and meeting ques-
tions prematurely by taking up and considering
the claim of either of these gentlemen to a
seat. Appearing as a personal friend of one
of the contestants, formerly a neighbor of
mine, a young man raised in my immediate
neighborhood—a "carpet-bagger," I may say,
from my State, he having gone to Georgia
somewhere about the year 1859—I am pre-
pared, either now or at any future time, to
discuss his claim to a seat in this House when
it shall have been settled that his district is
entitled to a Representative here and when
■ his claim shall have been disembarrassed of
the question involved in the order of the
House adopted this morning.-
Mr. DAWES. Let me say to my colleague,
[Mr. Chakler,] who is apprehensive I shall
forget the dignity-of the Committee of Elec-
tions. that I am' quite as sensible as he can
possibly desire to have me upon the subject of
the dignity and jurisdiction of that committee,
and as I may have strength I shall endeavor
to defend it: bat unless the gentleman can
assure me that the House will agree precisely
with the committee in the conclusions arrived
at I do not see how we can avoid the discus-
sion immediately of the very question which
has been referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction. If I were quite certain that the
House would agree precisely with the commit-
tee in the conclusion that neither of these gen-
tlemen under any circumstances is entitled to
this seat, we might dispose of the matter so
far as they are concerned, and leave the ques-
tion of the further representation of Georgia
to the Committee on Reconstruction to con-
sider at their leisure. But no one can tell how
the House will decide that question, and there-
fore there is danger.that we waste time in this
discussion. Hence, I will yield the floor, for
the purpose'of ascertaining the opinion of the
House, to a motion to refer this matter to the
committee, or a motion to postpone it to any
future time, or any motion consistent with the
dignity.and jurisdiction of the Committee of
Elections, I will now yield to the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. BROOKS. I was about to say that I
heartily concur in the suggestion made on the
other side, that after the vote taken this morn-
ing in the case of Georgia it was hardly worth
while for us further to continue this discussion
until the question can be referred to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction and we can have a
report from that committee on the subject. I
must confess, Mr. Speaker, that after the little
experience I have had in this House, seeing
the Committee of Elections so often overruled,
so little respected as to have its conclusions
trampled under foot by this House over and
over again, I prefer that the matter should be
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction ;
because, in my judgment, whatever report that
committee makes will be sustaiued, while what-
soever report may be made by the Committee
of Elections is more likely to be upset than to
be sustained by the majority of this House.
I therefore am decidedly of opinion, more
especially after the vote to-day, in which the
House has committed itself to certain princi-
ples and certain matters adverse to represent-
ation of the State of Georgia at all, that the
question ought first to be decided by the Recon-
struction Committee whether Georgia has a
Status in this House or is to be turned wholly
out of the House.
In reply to an incidental remark of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bctler,] I
have to say that whenever the merits of these
two claimants, Mr. Christy and Lieutenant
Wimpy, of the confederate army, are discussed,
whenever a contrast is to be drawn between
the antecedents of these two gentlemen, if the
gentleman from Massachusetts is able to show
that Mr. Christy was anywhere I shall be able
to show that Lieutenant Wimpy was almost
everywhere. But I will not enter into a dis-
cussion of the merits of these candidates or
their claims upon the House now. The vote
of the House twice this morning on the yeas
and nays, on a fair and ample division, has
decided that the first question to be settled by
a majority of the House is, has Georgia a
status here? Have her present members any
right here, or are they mere obtruders upon
the floor of the House, holding without right
and without law? The majority of the House
having so decided to-day, if the Reconstruction
Committee upon reference of this case to them
adhere to the expressed opinion of the House
their report will be that Georgia is not entitled
to representation at all. Therefore whatsoever
time is consumed here upou the two or three
resolutions of the Committee of Elections will
be time wasted and an obstruction to the pub-
lic business to be transacted in this House.
Mr. MULLINS. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield to me?
Mr. DAWES. I will yield three minutes.
Mr. MULLINS. That will be time enough
for .what I have to say. It is not my purpose
to go into detail about this matter at all. It
presents one great, grand feature, as I term it,
that overrides the minor considerations in the
case. I cannot join, entirely with the gentle-
man-from -New, York in lecturing the chair-
man of the Committee of Elections. As far
as I am capable of seeing, that committee has
done what will be approved by the House, and
what is doubtless right in the scale of justice.
This body is a body entitled to respect, and is
respected by the outside world whether it is by
all its members here or not. Then, in accord-
ance with the action had by this committee in
making the report they have made touching
the case now to be considered, in my view
they have hit the merits of the question in
several particulars. The first grand particular
is that the State of Georgia is not fully recon-
structed. Part of her representatives are now
debarred from entering Congress at the other
end of the Capitol, while she is in part admitted
to representation in this body. They are
standing with one foot in the grave of rebellion
and the other upon the rock of loyalty. We
propose holding them in that position until it
is ascertained elearly and conclusively that the
State of Georgia, the State government of
Georgia, has placed itself lipon a platform that
the American 'people and the American Con-
gress can and will regard as being legitimately
sound in all Republican essences and quintes-
sences intended and meant by the words "repub-
lican government." [Laughter.] And how can
we do otherwise than to follow the directions of
this committee and eonform to the request they
make at our hands ? But a moment ago—and
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
is as cognizant of the fact I am about to
declareas any other gentleman here—the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction have reported a reso-
lution, with a preamble attached to it, declar-
ing that they must and ought to consider the
condition of Georgia and determine whether
her political status is such that she is. now
entitled to be fully represented here. The
House has declared by a decided vote, cne
that looms up and overshadows everything in
opposition to it, that she is not in a condition
now to be represented.
Now, one of the gentlemen contesting the
seat is Mr. Christy. Well, Christy is a sweet
name, a beautiful name, and if it had been
" Christiana" or " Christianity" it would have
been better still. [Laughter.] Some of the
old apostles did stagger on the way, and I am
afraid this man fell a little short of the mark ;
he ought to have so ran as to gain; but ho
has missed the mark ; he fell among the Bul-
garians, and they have somewhat tattered his
garments and covered him with mud. I want
to wash him off if 1 can, but not at the sacri-
fice of loyal men. I hope the House will send
this matter to the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. I yield now for three min-
utes to my colleague on the committee l'rom
Missouri.
Mr. STOVER. I do not exactly understand
this question as my honorable friend from Ten-
nessee does. I do not understand that the
House has taken any decisive action on the right,
of the State of Georgia to representation in this
House. The resolution adopted this morning
was a resolution of inquiry merely. In regard
to this case I will state that it went before the
Committee of Elections simply upon its merits,
and that Georgia occupied the same attitude
that Tennessee, South Carolina, Mississippi, or
any other of the States lately in rebellion would
have occupied. I cannot see why this ques-
tion should not be disposed of now. The com-
mittee have unanimously agreed that neither
of the parties is entitled to a seat in this House.
If the House should think differently and re-
verse the decision of the Committee of Elec-
tions and decide that one of the claimants is
entitled to a seat here, he occupies the same
position as any other member on the floor from,
the State of Georgia.
Now, as to the remark of the gentleman
from New York [Mr, Brooks] that "Lieuten-
ant Wimpy, of the confederate army," may
have been "everywhere," I will say, if it is in-
tended to prejudice the case against him, that
there was no particle of evidence presented
before the committee that 'Mr. Wimpy ever:
