1869,
THE C(MGR1SBI(M-AL GLOBE.
677
held tbe position of lieutenant, or any other
commissioned office in the confederate army.
Mr. DAWES. I yield now for three min-
utes to my colleague, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
know whether the House desires to discuss
this question at the present time. If they do
not, however, allow this question to be settled,
of course every gentleman representing Geor-
gia ought from this time forth to represent her
no longer until the report of the committee.
I think on the whole it would be better now
to settle this case, and, with the leave of the
gentleman, I will state briefly the reasons.
There is a unanimous report of the committee
against Mr. Christy, in the first place, because
he is ineligible and admits himself to. be inel-
igible. They then report against Mr. Wimpy
because they say that Mr. Wimpy is supposed
to be ineligible under certain constructions of
law. If these constrctions of law are correct,
perhaps Mr. Wimpy is ineligible, and his in-
eligibility consists in his having been in the
confederate service at one time.
Now, the difference with me is this : I am
willing to take by the hand any man who has
been in the confederate service who has fought
us honorably and fairly, and then, when the war
was over, laid down his arras and yielded an
honest support to the Government, I would
rather take him by the hand than any man
North or South who through the columns of
a newspaper stirred up sedition which he did
not dare to fight for, and who endeavored to
make loyalty odious while he had not a parti-
cle of it in his own heart. In regard to this
man, Christy, I have here a newspaper which
was owned by him ; I have seen a file of them,
in which I find that as late as last May he
poured forth a stream of venom against the
loyal men of this Government such as I have
never before seen or heard, counseling mur-
der, sustaining the Kuklux Klan, advising that
no negro be employed, calling us in this House
conspirators and the spawn and crew of Thad-
deus Stevens. And yet he comes here claim-
ing a seat among us as a Representative from
the State of Georgia.
Mr. DAWES. I will now yield for a few
moments to the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Paine.]
Mr. PAINE. If it be satisfactory to the
chairman of the Committee of Elections, [Mr.
Dawks.] and not otherwise, I will move to
postpone the further consideration of this sub-
ject until the third Tuesday of February next,
after the morning hour.
Mr. DAWES. I will allow the motion to
be made.
Mr. PAINE. Then I submit that motion.
Mr. DAWES. I have yielded to allow that
motion to be made in order to ascertain the
sense of the House upon this subject, to deter-
mine whether we should go into the merits of
this case at this time.
My colleague [Mr. Bctler] has shown some
disposition to go into the character of these gen-
tlemen. At the proper time, if it bo necessary,
I trust the Committee of Elections will be able
to make tbe House understand that we have
fully appreciated the relative position of these
two men and are disposed to do entire justice
to them. I have not been very ambitious, rep-
resenting that confmittee, to go into that ques-
tion at this time. I am ready, however, if the
House shall think it necessary and proper to
dispose of the case now, to enter into the merits
involved. If, however, tbe House shall decide
that there may be a question whether the one
or the other of these gentlemen is entitled to a
seat then it will be necessary to learn from the
Committee on Reconstruction precisely what
we have instructed them this morning to ascer-
tain and report to the House. Therefore I do
not see how the case can be fully heard at this
time. I will acquiesce in the decision of the
House upon this question.
I will now yield tor a few minutes to my col-
league upon the Committee of Elections, the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabarger.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the motion to postpone, which is now pending^
admits of but very limited debate-under the
rules of the House.
Mr. PAINE. I will withdraw the motion
for the present so as to allow the gentleman
from Ohio to be heard.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Had I known it
would have taken even so much trouble as it
has to enable me to state what I am about to
state I should not have asked the opportunity
to do so. The position in which we are now
placed, as it seems to me, is just this: we will
all agree upon the proposition that it cannot
happen that any State is entitled to representa-
tion in this House when it is not at the same
time entitled to its equal suffrage in the Senate.
The question as to the position of the State of
Georgia, in regard to the matter of its repre-
sentation in the Senate, is now pending and
undetermined in that branch of the national
Legislature. It becomes proper for us, there-
fore, now to consider how that state of the
constitutional law affects the mattemow before
the House.
Jn the position in which this case came be-
fore the Committee of Elections, aa it turned
out, the committee could dispose of all that
was before them without determining anything
in regard to the first question to which I have
alluded, to wit, the propriety of the State of
Georgia being represented in this House at all.
But since the committee has acted and made its
report to the House, that has transpired which it
seems to me—and 1 of course now speak as a
member of-the House—makesit proper that we
shouldpostpone tho question of the representa-
tion of Georgia in this House as well as the ques-
tion now before the House until after that is
disposed of which has transpired in this House
since the committeemade its report. I allude,
of course, to the reference made to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction. This House may not
agree with the report of the Committee of Elec-
tions. If the House should agree to thatreport
it will not touch or interfere with the question
now referred to the Reconstruction Committee.
But we cannot foresee the result of the vote of
the House if we proceed with the consideration
of this question now, and what I want to sub-
mit to the House is, that a decision which may
dispose of the question of the propriety of the
representation of Georgia in either branch of
Congress should properly be postponed until
the main question is disposed of. Although
the report of the Committee of Elections as
made would not touch that question, yet the de-
cision of the House may affect it, and as we
cannot foresee the decision of the House I sug-
gest that it is perhaps well enough, all things
considered, that the vote should be postponed.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to ask my col-
league [Mr. Shellabarger] a question; and
it is whether we must not "face the music,"
and unseat some half dozen members from
Georgia already occupying seats in this House
in order to carry out this idea of making Geor-
gia a " republican form of government V"
Mr. DAWES. I will say to the gentleman
that that is a question which has been referred
to the Committee on Reconstruction this morn-
ing.
Mr. SPALDING. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] has expressed, I think,
the right view of the matter: that, in order to
carry out the idea implied in the resolution
adopted this morning we must unseat the rep-
resentatives from Georgia already occupying
seats on this floor.
Mr. PAINE. That may be the result.
Mr. MILLER. I desire to ask the gentle- |
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawf.s] whether
members from the whole State of Georgia, ex-
cept this sixth district, have not already been
admitted to seats in this House ?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir.
Mr. MILLER. Then 1 understand the ques-
tion involved in the inquiry addressed to the
Reconstruction Committee is whether, in case
the Committee on Reconstruction should report
against the State of Georgia, this House can
assume the right of displacing the memberB
already admitted to their seats under the recon-
struction law, and whose seats are not con-
tested? Now, in view of that fact, it seems to
me it would be best to go on and decide at
once the question presented in this report from
the Committee of Elections.
Mr.-DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I do not desire
to anticipate the conclusion to which the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction may arrive or any
arguments by which they may sustain their
report. I yield now to thegentleinan from Wis-
consin [Mr. Paike] that he may renew hia
motion to postpone.
Mr. PAINE. I move that the further con-
sideration of this subject be postponed until
the third Tuesday of February next, after the
morning hour.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. Is not that
the day assigned by the Constitution for other
business ?
The SPEAKER. The day to which the
gentleman refers is the second Wednesday of
February.
On the motion of Mr. Paine, there were—
ayes 78, noes 39.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call for
the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were—
ayes eighteen, noes not counted.
Mr. HARDING. I call for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the motion of Mr. JPaixe was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PENSION LAWS.
' The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced, and the first business in order ^
is the consideration of the bill pending at the
expiration of the morning hour yesterday, be-
ing the bill i,H. R. No. 1082) relating to the
operations of the pension laws, and for other
purposes. The House having refused to sec-
ond the previous question on the bill and pend-
ing amendments, the floor passes to the oppo-
nents of the bill, and the Chair recognizes the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. NlBLACK.]
Mr. NlBLACK. I inquire, Mr. Speaker,
whether this bill is in order during the morn-
ing hour this morning? The Committee on
Invalid Pensions has already occupied two
morning hours.
The SPEAKER. A committee is entitled,
under the rules, to but two morning hours;
but any bill pending at the expiration of the
second morning hour must be disposed of be-
fore any other committee can be called. This
bill, therefore, continues as the business of the
morning hour nnt.il disposed of.
Mr. NlBLACK. I move, then, to recommit
the bill and pending amendments to tho Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. PERHAM. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. NlBLACK. Yes, sir.
Mr. PERHAM. Gentlemen will see at once
that the recommitment of this bill will be the
end of it; for the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions will not again be reached before the end
of the session. While, therefore, the commit-
tee are desirous that members shall have ample
opportunity to offer amendments to the bill,
they hope that the measure will be definitely
acted on now.
Mr. NlBLACK. I modify my motion, and
move that the bill be recommitted with instruc-
tions to strike out the second section, and that
the committee have leave to report at any time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend the
motion of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Niblack] by adding instructions to strike out
of the first section after the word "widow" tho
words " is a non-resident of the United States
and so that the clause will read:
Nor shall payment of such pension fiereiofore
allowed be con tinned in any case whop the widow h«s
for fivo consecutive years immediately preceding
his death lived separate and apart ftom him, and
without receiving from. Uiui any support.
