678
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
Januairf 28,
Mr. NIBLACK. I accept the amendment
of tbe gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] as
a modification of tuy motion.
The SPEAKER. That-.part of the. motion
of thegeutleman which proposes that the Com-
mittee on invalid Pensions be authorized to.
report back {his. bill.atanytiroe requires unani-
mous consent. Is there.objection?
Mr. ROSS. I object..
Mr. PAINE. I would like to inquire whether
the instructions embrace the insertion of the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Washburn?]
The SPEAKER. That is pending. If the
bill is referred, that will be referred also, but
the instructions will not cover it.
Mr. NIBLACK. I insist upon the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. ARNELL. I appeal to the gentle-
man 
Mr. NIBLACK.- Gentlemen are appealing
to me all around. I decline to yield. •
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 33, noes 40; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Niblack
and PeeSham were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 45, noes 72.
So the previous question was not seconded.
The SPEAKER,, The House having re-
fused to second the previous question the Chair
recognizes the gentleman from Maine. The
motion to recommit with instructions is pend-
ing.
Mr. PERHAM. I inquire whether on this
motion ii will be in order to discuss the merits
of the first and second section ?
The SPEAKER. It brings up the whole
question before the House.
Mr. PERHAM. Mr. Speaker, the second
section of this bill has met with opposition of
a determined and persistent character, such as
I confess I little expected. But I feel certain
that the members who have taken an active
part in opposition to this measure, if they had
taken the pains to atudy'the purport of the
sections to which their opposition was more
especially directed, would have refrained from
opposing them. I am quite certain now, not-
withstanding the impres«ion that might have
been made by remarks of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] and'the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ijtgersoli,] yesterday, that if I
can get the ear of the House, and if members
will only get an idea of what we want to ac-
complish by this measure and the necessity for
it, the committee will be sustained. Why. sir,
an impression was made yesterday upon some
persons in the House, and outside of it, who
came to me this morning and desired to know
whether or not it was the fact that we had pre-
sented a provision in this bill requiring every
widow of a soldier to be put under oath to
testify as to whether she was a chaste woman
or not. A very singular idea it was, but one
which might have been very properly deduced
from the remarks of the gentlemen who spoke
on this subject.
I said I was surprised at the opposition the
bill mot with. The moment the second sec-
tion was read my good friend fiom Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] seemed to be thrown into a state of
excitement such as I never witnessed on his
part before daring this session, and so loud
and continuous, though sitting in his seat, were
Lis exclamations of contempt and opposition
to the measure that those of us in his vicinity
could scarcely hear the rest of tbe bill read.
He continued in that state of mind until I gave
him an opportunity to wake his speech. Since
that time he haS seemed to be comparatively
quiet. But not only was that gentleman in a
s'aie of excitement, but the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Ikoersoll,] the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine,] and others, seemed
to be struggling for the honor of moving to
strike out the second section of the bill.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman is mistaken
in referring to me.
Mr. PERHAM. I thought the gentleman
was desirous of the honor, Bat I awarded the
floorto the gentleman from Ohio, believing that
the other, gentlemen who were exercised on
the subject would be willing that he might have
the honor of mailing-the motion.
Mr. PAINE. I simply wish to say that I
did not seek an opportunity of moving to strike
out that section, although i should vote to
strike i t out.
• Mr. PERHAM. Now, in regard to what this
bill seeks to accomplish', the first question that
arises is whether there is any occasion for this
kind of legislation. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Ingcbsoia] declared in his speech
yesterday, in language which I confess did not
strike me as very becoming from a man rep-
resenting a district that he does, that such a
measure could only have emanated from the
cold and frigid regions of the State,of Maine.
I will refer to that again at a later stage ot my
remarks. If gentlemen had read tbe report
of the Commissioner <5f Pensions, which has
been laid on the desks of members of the House,
they would have seen that he called special
attention to this subject. He says:
" Widows in increasing numbers cohabit without
marriage, refusingthis solemn riteand living in open
prostitution." * * * * " The Govern-
ment should not be plaeed unwittingly in the strange
attitude of offering a premium upon immorality."
Mr. PILE. What are you reading from?
Mr. PERHAM. From the report of the
Commissioner of Pensions. I read it for the
purpose of showing that this-proposition did
not emanate entirely from the "cold and frigid
regions of Maine. " Now, as fortbe occasion
for legislation of this kind facts are coming to
the knowledge of the Pension Office from dif-
ferent sections all over tbe country of numerous
instances—and tbe number is increasing every
day—of widows who are entitled to pensions
who perhaps contract for marriage with men,
but for the purpose of retaining their pensions
they come together and live together as though
they were married, and have children. In such
a case, the woman every six months makes oath
that she is still a widow and she draws her
pension from the Government. You place the
Government, by the law as it now is, in this
anomalous position ; and I ask my friends who
oppose this measure to see just what tbey pro-
pose to vote for if they vote as they indicated
they would yesterday. Here are two widows
drawing pensions and living, it may be, in the
same community. They both make an agree-
ment with some gentlemen of their acquaint-
ance for carriage.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a question of order.
It is that the gentleman is perpetrating a libel
and calumny on these widows. If he knows
of any such cases as he has referred to it is
his duty to specify them, and not to thus
slander the whole class.
The SPEAKER. The-Chair overrules the
point of order.-upon the ground that the re-
marks of the gentleman from Maine were par-
liamentary and decorous. The Chair can only
decide parliamentary questions. A bill of this
character brings up precisely this question,
and the remarks of the gentleman from Maine
are in order.
Mr. WOOD. Well, I hope the gentleman
from Maine will name the parties to whom he
refers.
Mr. PERHAM. My purpose is to ke^p
myself within the parliamentary rules of de-
bate. The gentleman from New York desires
names. I ain not going to peddle out any
names here. It is not my business.
Mr. WOOD. Y"ou have no right to slander
the whole class.
Mr. PERHAM. If the gentleman from New
York desires to get names let him go to the
office of the Commissioner of Pensions and
there he can get names. I am not going to
give them here.
I was going on to say that two widows living
in the same community and entitled to pen-
sions contract each with a man to marry. One
of the women marries honestly, as she should
do ; under your law she forfeits her pension.
The other declines to marry, but lives with the
man justthe same a,s though she were married,
and she draws her pension every six months,
making oath that sheis still a widow. The Gov-
ernment is thus placed m this position: you
take away t.he pension from the woman who is
honest and has married'as she ought to do,
j whfte to the woman who is dishonestand living
in .crime ybu give the pension as a reward for
her sin. That is just the position.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 desire to ask the gentleman
a question at this point. Suppose the w.oman
be speaks of should happen to.live with it sol-
dier who was also pensioned, which would be
the greater, the crime of the woman or the
crime of the male pensioner?
Mr. PERHAM. Perhaps it may be as well
for me to answer that question now as at any
other time. I know the question "was asked
the other day why we did not. make this pro-
vision apply to soldiers who are entitled to
pensions and who may have lived bad lives.
To my mind the distinction is very clear. In
the instance to which I refer the Government
actually gives a premium to the woman who
lives in sin and crime. Yon refuse to the
woman who is honest, and marries as she
ought to marry, any pension, while you con-
tinue the pension to the woman who is living
in sin.
Now, a word in regard to the male pension-
ers to whom the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] refers. That is an entirely different
ease. You offer to the man no premium for
crime. You give him a pension because he
himself has personally bared his bosom to the
storm of batile; he himself has personally
suffered the loss of an eye or tbe loss of a
limb or the loss of his health upon the field of
battle. I do not know what the members of
tbe House may think, but the members of the
Committee on Invalid Pensions are of opin-
ion that there is a great difference in the cases.
Mr. MULLINS. Will tbe gentleman tell
us the name of the commissioner who is to
decide these questions, and before whom these
persons are to be arraigned ?
Mr. PERHAM. That makes no difference
at all. -The name of the commissioner has
nothing to do with the settlement of the ques-
tion before the House, which is this: do the
members of this House propose to continue a
system which offers a premium to vice? We
propose if a woman prefers to live on in this
way we will not continue her pension ; thatisall.
Mr. LOGAN. I would like to submit a
proposition to the gentleman, as somewhat
of a legal proposition. As I' understand it,
a pension is a gratuity, whether given to a
soldier a. male, or to a female the widow ot
a solJier; it is a mere gratuity on the part of
the Government. It is proposed now to take
that pension from the woman. Why? Because
of crime On her part. The gratuity is to be
stopped because of the crime on the part of the
pensioner. Now. the male, who is a soldier,
who receives a pension, receives it as a gra-
tuity just the same as the woman does. And
if lie is guilty of adultery, living with this
woman who is a pensioner, both refusing or
neglecting to marry in order to continue to
receive this pension, then I ask how is the
crime on the part of the man any less than it
is on the part of the woman ? And if crime
shall cause a suspension of the pension in the
one ease, why should it notln the other?
Mr. PERHAM. Jn answer to the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Logan] I desire to say
that when you give or continue a pension to a
woman acting in the manner I have described
you really give her a reward for acting as she
does act, because you withdraw the pension
from the woman who marries.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me to make a suggestion?
. Mr. PERHAM. Certainly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Long experience has
taught us that it is wise to snrrouud persons
charged with crime with various safeguards.
And our Constitution and laws provide that a
person charged with the commission of a crimo
shall be presented by a grand jury, shall have
a traverse jury to try his case, shall be allowed
