1869.
TIEE CONGRESSIONAL &LQB1.
mi
Mr. BENJAMIN. I admit that as a-general
thing what the gentleman says is true; but it is
not true in all cases. I will state the distinc-
tion. In every one of the cases to which thegen-
tleman alludes the parties were within the spirit
of the law, though not within its letter. They
bad failed to receive pensions because their
cases were outside of the letter of the law. But
the Congress of the United States, believing
them to be within the spirit of the law, placed
them upon the same footing as those whose
claims had been allowed by the Pension Bureau.
But in the case now under consideration these
parties are within neither the spirit nor the let-
ter ot the law. We are not under an obligation
to them in virtue of any express or implied
promise. The entering of the civil service by
these parties was a voluntary act, they knowing
very well what the law was.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask hiin a question?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. I think the gentleman is
certainly in error in one respect at least. This
law could not be retrospective sofar as regards
the pension due to the party; but the act passed
in 1865, like-the carving of one estate out of
another, merely took out of .the pension already
allowed to the pensioner by law the amount of
pension to which he would have been entitled
from the time he entered the civil Service until
he left it. It was a fciere carving out of a por-
tion ot that gratuity which the Government had
given the pensioner by law, and was not a
deprivation of the pension.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman misap-
prehends the purpose and effect of that law.
It took from the pensioner nothing in the world.
It merely provided that the pensioner employed
in ttie civil service should be placed upon the
same footing as similar parties in the military
and the naval service. It said to those who
were pensioners under our laws, " If we furnish
you employment at the rate of one hundred or
one hundred and fifty dollars a month in the
civil service, and pay you full wages, we will
withhold from you the pensions we have here-
tofore paid you in consequence of disabilities
contracted in the military service." The party
entering the civil service elected to receive the
larger salary and forfeit the smaller.
Mr. LOGAN. Is not the distinction between
the military and the civil service this, that we
put nobody in the military service who would
be entitled to a pension, beeause they are all
presumed to be able-bodied men'/
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman is mis-
taken as to the Veteran Ilesez-ve corps.
Mr. LOGAN. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
I was going to except the Veteran Reserve
corps. What is that corps? It is nothing more
than a corps of crippled officers, composed of
pensioned soldiers or of soldiers who could not
possibly, perhaps, have drawn their pensions
under the laws.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over tili the morning
hour of Tuesday, when the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Perham] will be entitled to ten
minutes remaining of his hour.
BOWLING CLAIJI.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of War, transmitting, in compliance with the
-request of the Commissioner of Public Lands,
a report to the chief of engineers concerning
the alleged claim of one Mr. Dowling, of Cali-
fornia, to Government land in San Francisco
harbor; which was referred to the Committee
011 the Public Lands.
REVISION OF THE LAWS.
The SPEAKER, also laid before the House
a report from the commissioners to revise the
statutes, presenting their revision of the laws
relating'to the Army, the Navy, patents, and
public printing : which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revision of Laws of the U nited States.
GEORGE N. HUNTSMAN.
Mr. BUTLER, of '] Pennessee, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1805)
for the relief of George N. Huntsman, of Ten-
nessee; which was read afirst and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
RONDOTJT HARBOR.
Mr. CORNELL, by unanimous consent, of-
fered the following resolution; which was read,
co.nsidered, and agreed to:
Resolved,^That the Secretary of "War be directed to
report to this House such information as he may have
in reference to the survey of Rondoufc harbor, New
^ork, with such information as he may obtain from
the Treasury Department in relation to suck survey.
F. A. GIBBONS.
On motion of Mr. COVODE, the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds was dis-
charged from th® further consideration of the
papers in relation to the claim of F. A. Gib-
bons, and the same were referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union upon the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of, the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Schenck in the chair,) aud re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being House bill No. 1072, making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1870.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Owing to
the illness of my colleague on the committee,
[Mr. .Washburne, of Illinois,] I move that
this bill be laid aside, and that the Indian
appropriation bill be taken up.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I object.
Mi-. MAYNARD. Is that motion amendable?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not, except in this:
that the Indian appropriation bill, not being a
special order, a motion to lay it aside and take
up another bill would be in order, and would
be carried by a majority of the committee.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I trust
nobody will object to the legislative bill being
laid aside.
Mr. MOORHEAD. If itislaidaside,Imove
to proceed with the regular order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Indian appropria-
tion bill is next in order, but it is not a special
order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I suppose
a motion to proceed to the consideration of the
appropriation bills takes precedence and must
be put.
The CHAIRMAN. The first motion is to
lay aside the legislative appropriation bill as
the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will now read
the rule on the question raised.
The Clerk read as follows:
" In Committee of the Whole House on the state of
the Union geneial appropriation bills, and, in time
of war, bills for raising men and money and bills
concerning a treaty of peace, shall be preferred to
all other bills, at the discretion (if the committee;
and -\vhcn demanded by any member tho question of
consideration shall first bo put in regard to them.
Existing special ordeis, however, being made under
a suspension of the rules, take precedence of all
other business.''
The CHAIRMAN. This bill, although not
a spccial order, ha3 precedence if there be no
order made in regard to it; but it is in the dis-
cretion of the committee to lay it aside by the
vote of a majority, and to take up any other bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to proce'ed to the consideration of the Indian
appropriation bill. It is very necessary that
we should get on with the appropriation bills.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I call for the regular
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The regular order will
be the consideration of the Indian appropria-
tion bill, unless a majority of the committee
shall decide to lay it aside and take up another
bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to \oj aside the
Indian appropriation bill, ar.d to proceed with
the consideration of the tariff bill. I desire to
ask whether the tariff bill has not already been
under consideration, and is not tstiil under con-
sideration in the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is not de-
batable.
Mr. BROOKS. I know the motion is not
debatable ; but let us understand this matter.
Will the Chair state to the House what is the
exact issue, and what would follow after the
Indian appropriation bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. There is now before the
committee the tariff bill, which has been partly
considered by the Committee of the whole.
There is also in order, not as a special order,
however, the Indian appropriation bill reported
by the Committee on Appropriations. Under
the rules the Indian appropriation bill will
have, as an appropriation bill, precedence, un-
less at the discretion of the committee it be
laid aside to give preference to some other bill.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Max-
nabd] moves to lay it aside. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butlbk] demands
that the committee shall go on with the Indian
appropriation bill, which will be in order un-
less the committee decides otherwise by pre-
ferring another bill to it. The gentleman from
Tennessee moves to lay aside the bill in order
to proceed with the tariff bill, which has been
partly considered by the committee.
Mr. BROOKS. Let me ask if the tariff bill
has not been referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means for the committee to make a
report upon the tariff, and if that committee
are not preparing to make such a report?
The CHAIRMAN". The gentleman is mis-
taken in regard to the bill having been recom-
mitted to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BROOKS.. Referred.
The CHAIRMAN. Or referred in any sense.
It is now in Committee of the Whole on the
state of tho Union, although the Committee
of Ways and Means may have been engaged
in modifying it in some form and prepanng
amendments to be submitted whenever it shall «
be taken up in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I rise to ask a question
on a point of order. I understand the Chair
to state that the question is on the motion of
the gentleman from Tennessee, to lay aside the
Indian appropriation bill for the purpose of
proceeding to the consideration of the tariff
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. That is the question.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I assume that that is
not the question; that the Indian appropriation
bill is not up ; that the tariff bill is the first bill
in order, and that the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts would have to move to proceed to the
consideration of the Indian appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
assumption of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia. The Indian appropriation bill is in order,
because the rule makes it so in providing that
it shall have preference. It has that preference
if it be asked to proceed with it; but it has it
subject to the discretion and power of the com-
mittee to lay it aside and give preference to
another bill, as is now proposed.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to ir.quire of the Chair
whether the Committee of the Whole has power
to control tho question as to what bill it will
take up? When the House has gone into Com-
mittee of the Whole on a particular bill can
the Committee of the Whole reverse that action
of the House?
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of the
Whole have power under the rule which has
been quoted to proceed with another bill in
preference to the one called for, if a majority
of the committee so desire.
Mr. WOOD. Although the House has re-
solved to go into Committee of the Whole on
a particular measure?
The CHAIRMAN. There was no order of
