TSE OO^G-EESSICMAI/ GLOBE.
January 28,
that kind. It was simply an order to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. Then the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] had a right to demand that
the committee should proceed with a preferred
bill—the Indian appropriation bill. That de-
mand was made under the rule, which at the
same time p.rovides that in the discretion of
the committee they may lay it aside and take
up auot.her bill. .
Mr. -WOOD. I understood the gebtleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butleb] to move'in
the House to go'hito Committee of the Whole
oti the state of the Union on the legislative
appropriation bill. If thatHvassO, then thecom-
mittee cannot change the order of the House.
The CHAIRMAN.- The Chair decides that
it is-entirely within the power of the committee
to lay aside the- bill named to bring up the tar-
iff bill, that being the first bill in Committee
o,f the Whole if the Indian appropriation bill
be laid aside. The committee has just laid
aside the legislative, Ac., appropriation bill,
for the reason stated by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Boiler]—-the illness of
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions. Having gone into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, the legisla-
tive, &cl, appropriation bill would first come
up; but the legislative bill having been laid
aside, the next bill in order having preference
is the Indian appropriation bill, it is proposed
to lay aside the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. Iwish to ask what is the
effect of the motion. If the'Indian appropria-
tion bill is laid aside, then, as I understand,
we will come to the tariff bill.
The CHAIRMAN. That will be the effect,
the tariff bill being the next bill on the Cal-
endar.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 20, noes 64 ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Wood and Mr.
Mookhead,
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 46, noes 78.
So the motion was disagreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the committee
would now proceed to the consideration of
House bill No. 1738, making appropriations
for the currentand contingent expenses of the
Indiau department and for fulfilling treaty stip-
ulations with various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 30, 1870.
Mr. Wilsox, of Iowa, here took the chair.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the first reading of the bill for information
be dispensed with.
Mr. FARNSW ORTH. Can that motion be
made in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union ?
The CHAIRMAN. It can be by unanimous
consent.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Now, Mr.
Chairman, before the bill is read by para-
graphs for amendment, I wish to explain to
the House for a few moments the theory upon
which these appropriations are made. The
appropriations are generally the same as those
last year for the same objects, and the House
will remember that the Indian appropriation
bill of last year was carefully considered and
sifted, ihe appropriations here are generally
only those required by existing laws. The
additions are only where new treaties have
been made, ratified, and proclaimed, and esti-
mates sent to the committee. I believe, with
one or two exceptions, there will be found no
substantial variance from what was done last
year: and as it is a subject which does not
require general debate I will propose, unless
some gentleman desires to discuss the general
subject, that the committee rise for the pur-
pose of closing the general debate in five
minutes.
Mr. McKEE. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question ?
Mr. BO CLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. McKEE. I wish to inquire whether in
this bill there are any appropriations for tribes
of Indians with which we are now waging war?
We are now trying, as I understand, to destroy
certain hostile bands of Indians, and I wish to
know whether this contains any appropriations
for them.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There are
appropriations for that tribe of Indians, and for
this reason: there are treaties with those In-
dians which have not yet been abrogated, and
this bill is for 1870, and wc do not know what
Indians will be "crushed out" before that time.
And I will say that the committee have ap
pended to this bill some sections which provide
that no appropriations made for one tribe of
Indians shall be used for another. Of course,
then, the appropriations to which the gentle-
man from Kentucky has referred will not be
expended if the Indians are not in peace with
the United States ; nor if the House shall
pass these added sections, as I have no,doubt
it will, can one appropriation be transferred
from one object to another.
Mr. PRUYN. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, who has this bill in
charge, whether it is intended in this bill to
deal with the proposal heretofore made to
place the Indian Bureau under the control of
the War Department ?
Mr. BUTLERj of Massachusetts. No, sir,
in no way ; this is an appropriation bill only.
Mr. WJNDOM. I desire to ask the geutle-
man a question or two, and I hope he will yield
me the floor for that purpose.
Mr. BUTLER, ofMassachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. W1NDOM. I understood the gentleman
to say thatthis bill does not materially differ in
principle from the one passed last year; and he
informed the House that the Indian appropri-
ation bill of last year was carefully considered
and sifted so as only to carry out treaty stipu-
lations, and yet there is a statement at the end
of the bill that " the amount anpropriated by
the bill is $2,812,260 12, being $ 1,624,822 18
less than was appropriated by the same bill last
year." If the bill last year was simply to carry
out treaty stipulations I desire to know what
treaties he proposes to violate by this bill ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I shall
be glad to answer that question, and the answer
is this: a great many treaty stipulations have
expired by their own limitation. In the treaties
made with Indians we stipulate to pay them
yearly installments for fifteen, twenty, or thirty
years, and as a large number of those stipula-
tions have expired by their own limitation the
appropriatons called for in this bill are there-
fore reduced in that respect.
Then again we appropriated last year for the
removal of the Navajo Indians almost, half a mil-
lion of money. Those Navajo Indians have
now been removed to their reservation sand have
been pretty well established upon them, so that
in this bill a very small appropriation relatively
is necessary. Stf also with various other mat-
ters that were to be done last year, but which
have not to be provided for this. If the gen-
tleman will turn to the estimates of the depart-
ment he will find the same explanation which
I have given.
Mr. WIN DOM. I was not aware of that
fact. I thoughtcertain treaties had been shaved
off by the Committee on Appropriations, and
that they had carried out only such portions
as they deemed proper.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
The Committee on Appropriations consider
that it is not within their power to shave them
off. Tbey would if they could, and they hope
that Congress will take some means different
from those we now have of dealing with the
Indians. The bill makes appropriations ac-
cording to the law as it now stauds. We have
to obey the law, and are glad to do it.
Mr. WINDOM. One word more. Mr. Chair-
man, I am very glad that the Committee on
Appropriations have kindly come to the con-
clusion to carry out Indian treaiies. I be-
lieve, sir, and I propose to state it as broadly
as I believe it, that because of the failure of
the Committee on Appropriations to carry out
Indian treaties at the time as provided in said
treaties, by making the necessary appropria-
tions in 1807 and in 1868, they have caused a
loss to the Government of $50,000,000. I
believe, sir, that because of their failure to
carry out treaty stipulations with the southern
Indians we were forced into the1 Indian war
which we are now wagingat a cost of $2,000,000
a week. Treaty stipulations were carried out
with the Sioux of the North, by far the most
savage of all the tribes, and as a conseqtience
we are at peace with them. ■ We have expended
on these northern Indians, for the purpose of
feeding instead of fighting them, in order to
maintain our plighted faith and to carry out
treaty stipulations with them, something like
seven or eight hundred thousand dollars, and
they are at peace to day. General Harney,
armed with the power to partially fulfill our
obligations, went among these Indians, where
he found two military posts. I think lam cor-
rectin saving that in eachofthose militaryposts
there are ten soldiers. He saw that there was
no necessity for these soldiers, and ordered
every one of them to leave the reservations.
No troops have been there since. It may have
cost us seven or eight hundred thousand dollars
to comply with agreements made with them, but
on the other hand, by refusing to execute our
treaties with the southern Indians, it is now
costing the Government at the rate of $300,000
s. day, or in other words it costs us as much
every three days to fight those with whom we
have violated our plighted faith as it does to
feed the same number a whole year with whom
we have kept our agreements.
What I have said will sufficiently illustrate
the evil consequences of the Indian policy which
has been pursued by the Committee on Appro-
priations. I believe in keeping the plighted
faith of this nation with the various Indian
tribes, but it has not been done, and because
it has not been done in years past this Govern-
ment is now compelled to pay at the rate of
fifteen or twenty million dollars every year for
military expeditions against them. I do not
desire to criticise the action of the House, but
its Indian policy, if it can be said to have any
such policy, convinces me that we are far more
ready to vote twenty, thirty, or fifty million
dollars for Indian wars than to give $1,000,000
to keep the peace with them by carrying out
in good faith our treaty stipulations.
I propose in about thirty days from this time
to leave this Hall, when I shall have no more
responsibility on this question. Indeed, 1 have
not fplt much responsibility in regard to it sinee
the House took the whole subject out of the
hands of the Committee on Indian Affairs and
turned it over to the Military Committee. But
I want to say th-it the $50,000,000 that have
been expended in the last year or two for In-
dian wars are entirely due to our breach of
faith; and having said that much I do uot wish
to discuss the subject any further.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. A single
word or two in reply to the gentleman from
Minnesota. I know that he does not mean
any discourtesy to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
Mr. WINDOM. Of course not.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I know
it, and I will give the re.ison for it. He was
on the committee of conference with me tfn the
Indian appropriation bill at the last session of
Congress and agreed to every appropriation in
it. I think it was his fault as much as mine if
they were not correct.
Mr. WINDOM. I will say further that I
agreed to several which the gentleman did not,
and which, in my judgment, ought to have been
in the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I did not
know that we disagreed on any. Certain it is
that I want to acknowledge his valuable ser*
