1869.
THE CON&RESSIOML ^LOBl.;
688)
vices in that regard. He agreed to all those
in the bill, and I did not know that we dis-
agreed as to any one of them.
But, sir, there are two things to be.said about
this matter. I- agree that it costs more to fight
the Indians than to feed them. Itcost agreat
deal more to fight the revolutionary war than
to pay the tax on tea; so that that is not always
a safe rule. In order to carry out the treaties,
made aud ratified, and which were brought to
our knowledge, we have made the necessary
appropriations. Last year we gave $200,000
to General Sherman to carry out the provisions
of certain treaties in advance of their being
ratified. Mark that—in advance of their being
ratified! Thereupon those $200,000 were
spent, and $400,000 more without any appro-
priation. Well, sir, if that course is to be per-
mitted, if the Indians are to be fed in that
way, then this House of Representatives can
have no control over the appropriations at all.
And, let me say again, that without any
treaty with the Navajo Indiana we paid half a
million to put'them back, becausetwe thought
they had been wronged. Without any treaty
with the northern Indians, ratified and declared,
we appropriated $200,000, and put it in the
hands of General Sherman to take care of
them; and without any treaty General Sher-
man and General Harney spent $400,000 more
for the same purpose.
I have no doubt if we boarded all the In-
dians at Willard's Hotel, or at any one of the
first-class hotels in the country, that we should
not have any war with them; but the question
is whether we shall or shall not do that. I
mean to say that there is a limit to this method
of feeding and taking care of them. I will
state to t.liis House that we have appropriated
enough money to take care of all the Indians
in the United States better than the majority
of the white people are taken care of; but the
difficulty is that only one dollar is got to them
out of every ten that we appropriate for their
benefit, and when that one dollar does get to
them it is generally in the shape of glass beads,
lead medals, and yellow ochre. They do not
get anything with it that they really do want,
but when it does get to them it gets to them
in such form as to influence them against the
Government instead of making them grateful
to it.
If we had not any Indian agents, if we had
not any Indian traders in the West, if we had
not anybody to interfere with the Indians, there
would be no war with them. Mr. < hairman,
just look at it for a moment. There runs
through this continent an invisible line sepa-
rating the British dominions from the United
States. That almost trackless wilderness is
full of Indians, as many on one side of the line
as upon the other. Yet, sir, on one side of
that line, in the British dominions, there hasnot
been an Indian war for sixty years, while on
the other side, within the limits of the United
States, we have had upon out- hands perpetual
Indian wars. Why is this? It results, sir, from
the manner in which we have been dealing with
these Indians ; treating every man who has half
a dozen ragged—no, not ragged, for they do
not even have clothes of any sort—treating
every I ndiau who may happen to have half a
dozen followers as a separate nation and mak-
ing a treaty with them. And in all such treaties
thefirst fivearticles declare what sort of houses,
what sort of stores, and what other provisions
shall be made for Indian agents, all to be paid
for out of the money of the United States.
That is the system which we have been follow-
ing. I can point the House and the committee
to"treaty after treaty where there has been pro-
vision after provision for the most extensive
establishments for these Indian agents. And
expensive houses are also provided for phy-
sicians, farmers, blacksmiths, and everybody
who lias anything to do with the Indians. There
is one estimate which has been sent to our com-
mittee for starviug Indians near Devil's Lake,
it is stated in the report transmitted to us by
the Secretary of the Interior that there is a
necessity for $119,000 to save these Indians
from absolute starvation. When we come to
look over the estimates, what do we find?
Why, sir, we find an estimate of $54,000 for
houses and mills and horses and. everything
else wanted by the Indian agents, and not
wanted .by the Indians.
I therefore trust, Mr. Chairman, that we shall j
not start off on this bill with any false, spirit '
of philanthropy. I agree thfrt it rs cheaper to
feed the'Indians than to fight the<n< 1 agree
that we should never have had this .Indian war;
but, sir,, we will continue to h,ave Indian wars
until we do away with the extravagance of the
present,.system of dealing wifh the Indians,
and until we refuse to recognize in any shape
or form the going upon the war-path of Spot-
ted-Tail or Waggle-Tail, or any other Indian
with a few followers, as an Indian war which
is to be settled by another Indian treaty grant-
ing new appropriations of money. When we
get rid of that system we will have no more
Indian wars and no more of these extravagant
appropriations of money. Then we will look
upon them as subjects to be protected and
cared for; whoare to be kept in order; to whom
the ;courts are open ; who shall not have lands
to sell out of which they will be cheated for a
few bottles of whisky ; who shall not be con-
sidered'as lords of the domain and- brought.on
to Washington to enter into negotiations with
the treaty-making power of this Government,
we paying the expenses on both sides, and all
for the advantage of some land speculators.
When we get rid of this most vicious and ac-
cursed of all systems we will get rid of all these
Indian wars, but not until then,
Mr. Higby rose.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield to the gentleman now. The difficulty
about the matter .is this: the question which
the gentleman from Minnesota discussed, and
which 1 am discussiug, does not belong to the
Committee on Appropriations. You tie our
hands, and you say we must make appropria-
tion where there is law for it; and not only
that, we have to make an appropriation where
there is no law because some treaty has been
concluded between the agents of the Govern-
ment and the Indians.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask the gentleman, then,
whether his complaint is not against the Sen-
ate, who ratify these treaties?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I make
no complaints; I am only stating facts.
Mr. WINDOJI. I ask the gentleman to
allow me the floor for a few moments.
Mr. BUfLER, of Massachusetts. I yield to
the gentleman from Minnesota for five minutes.
Mr. W1ND0M. I wish to say, in reply to the
remarks of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
that two or three efforts have been made in this
House to establish a better system of dealing
with these Indians than the present one. I am
glad to find that he agrees to what I have tried
to accomplish, or rather what the Indian Com-
mittee tried to accomplish two or three years
ago. I am not here to defend dishonest Indian
agents. The bill which the Indian Committee
reported three years ago was designed to pre-
vent all such wrongs as are charged against
Indian agents. The bill was introduced and
pressed upon the attention of the House, aud,
if passed, 1 have no doubt that it would have
put a stop to Indian stealings and Indian wars.
Let tne for a moment cail the attention of
the House to the provisions of tha,t bill. It
was the result of a thorough examination of
the Indian question. A joint committee of
the Senate and of the House was appointed,
who went into the Indian country, took the
testimony of the leading ciiiefs of almost allthe
tribes in the West, and indeed thoroughly in-
vestigated this whole question. They decided
upon a policy in reference toour Indian affairs.
The bill was passed by the Senate and came
to this House, and by direction of the Com-
mittee of Indian Affairs I ur^ed its passage.
It provided that the country occupied by Indian
tribes should be divided into five districts, aud
also provided for a commission ot three men
in each district, one of whom should be ap-
pointed from .persons selected by the -various
religious denominations at their yea,rly meet-
ing, another from the people at. large, the third
being a military officer of high rank. It was.
believed such commission would, if any could
be, free from suspicion of corruption, ffc ,was:
provided that they should be constantly in .the
Indian country to supervise the acts of Iudiau
agents, and if they found any stealing or mis-
management on the part of those agents they
were clothed with the power to at once sus-
pend them. At the same time provision was
made to extend the laws of the country,over
the India is aud to give them the protection
which white men have. In fine, the design of
the bill was to cairy out, as far as it could be
done honestly and in good faith, the,treaties
-we had made, and to prevent stealing and cor-
ruption under these treaties. I brought, that
bill before the House as an organ of the In-
dian Committee. A member moved as an
amendment that the Indian Bureau should be
transferred to the War Department, and jt
went through under the previous question
almost without discussion. Ever since then
there has been a standing dispute between
the two Houses, and nothing has been done.
I think if the House had accepted that prop-
osition we would have had no Indian war
to-day costing ns millions of dollars.
Now, one word as to the difference suggested
by the gentleman from Massachusetts between
our success in dealing with Indians and that of
our British neighbors. I think there is a great
difference in the circumstances of the two cases,
which will account for the difference of result.
In this country emigration is constantly push-
ing westward. We are opening new mines and
new farms and new Slates, and driving away
the game upon whicli the Indians subsist. In
the British territory the Hudson Bay Company
rules supreme, and its only abject is to get as
many furs as possible. Instead of driving away
the game they really are the partners of the
Indians ; and it is not to be expected that th8
Indians will fight them so long as they protect
the game and furnish food and ammunition.
That is one reason why they have better success
than we have. Another reason is, because those
Indians were placed under the charge of the Ro-
man Catholicchurch. I am not myself a Roman
Catholic, but I will do them the justice to state
that their priests in that region have managed
Indian affairs exceedingly weil. They have
been there as missionaries, and they have kept
the peace with them. Acting in harmony with
the policy of the Hudson Bay Company, they
have managed them without wars. Now, if
you will keep the pioneers back, prevent the
pioneer from going to the West, we will have
peace with the Indians. But you cannot now
have peace with them, unless when you make
treaties you carry them out faithfully, and in
addition provide means for punishing them
effectually when they break those treaties them-
selves, which we cannot possibly do at the
present time.
I had the honor to state my views pretty
fully on that point the other day, when I argued
that we must construct railroads across the
continent if we would effectually control the
Indians. You may now occasionally destroy
an Indian village; or a Black Kettle with his
friendly band, but when you undertake to chase
down the hostile savage of the plain you will
find such wars as fruitless in the future as in
the past. The Quaker policy and no other is
the true one.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Without
taking time now to reply to the gentleman
from Minnesota, [Mr. Wisdom,] I propose to
move that the committee rise for the purpose
of closing all general debate on this bill in five
minutes.
Mr. SGOFIELD. Cannot that he done by
unanimous consent, without the committee
rising?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If that
can be done it wilt answer my purpose.
No objection was made; and all general de-
bate was ordered to be closed in five minutes.
