684.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
Tbe CHAIRMAN,- (Mr. Wiusoir, of Iowa.)
Tiie first reading of this bill having been dis-
pensed with by unanimous consent, it will now
be read by clauses for amendment.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill for
amendments.
The following clause was read :
For theeontingentexpenses ofthe Indian depart-
ment, namely:
For the pay of eleven superintendents of Indian
affairs and of fifty-eight Indian agents, $113,200, as
follows.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We have
now made a treaty with the Crow Indians, which
require another superintendent. I therefore
move to amend this clause by striking out
" eleven" and inserting "twelve.''
Mr. HOLBRQOK. I would like to make
an inquiry of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Botler.] In proposing to strike
out "eleven" and to insert "twelve" as the
number of superintendents he states it is for
the purpose of providing a superintendent for
the Crow Indians. I wish to call his attention
to the fact that in the Indian appropriation
bill of last year the superintendences of the
Territories of Montana and Idaho were united.
I think the gentleman is now convinced that a
snperintendency embracing those two Territo-
ries is too large; that it is impossible for one
superintendent to attend to alt tbe business for
those two Territories. I therefore ask the
gentleman to amend his amendment so as to
increase the number of superintendents to thir-
teen. I have a letter here in my possession
from the first person who was appointed to the
superintendency of those Territories after they
were united. He has had much experience
with various tribes of Indians in the West, and
he states that it is an utter impossibility for
one superintendent to attend to all the busi-
ness pertaining to those two Territories. Those
Territories, as members of the House are welt
aware, are separated by a mountain range,
extending the entire distance from their north-
ern to their southern boundaries, and for
months in the year communication across that
range of mountains is impracticable. If the
gentleman from Massachusetts intends the addi-
tional superintendent for the Crow Indians I ask
him to make the number thirteen instead of
twelve. 1 believe I have consulted with every
member but one of the Committee on Appro-
priations, and they have agreed that the Ter-
ritories of Montana and Idaho should be sepa-
rated, and each have a superintendent.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand that there is very considerable difficulty
in the superintendent of the two Territories of
Montana and Idaho dealing with the Indians on
both sides of the range of mountains which di-
vides those Territories. And when we reach
the proper place in this bill it is ray intention
to move an amendment which will give a super-
intendent to each of those Territories.
Mr. HOLBROOK. That will be entirely
satisfactory.
Mr. ALLISON. I would like a little inform-
ation on this question of superintendences. The
bill now provides, in the paragraph under con-
sideration, for eleven superintendents. In
another portion of the bill there seems to be a
more particular description of the location of
those superintendents. One is provided for the
State of Nevada, while a little further on we
there is only one Indian agent pro-
vided for Nevada. What I desire to know is
whether or not it requires one superintendent
to supervise the acts of one Indian agent. It
occurred to me that we mightreduce the num-
ber to ten. I observe also that the Commis-
sionei ot Indian Affairs in his communication
to this House floes not propose that we shall
provide a superintendent for the Crow Indians,
but only an agent. From all the information
I can obtain I am inclined to think that we had
• better reduce the superintendents to ten, rather
than increase them to twelve. I only make
this; suggestion for the purpose of eliciting an
explanation.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman will find, in turning over this bill, that
th^se appropriations have to bemad'e in accord-
ance with the terms of existing laws. He will
find, for instance, that under the head of Indian
agents the bill provides for "eleven for the
tribes east of the Rocky mountains ; two for
the tribes east of the Rocky mountains," &c.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. 1 move to amend by striking
out "twelve" and inserting "ten." I yield to
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
ler,] that he may tell us why he thinks it
'necessary to have twelve of these superinten-
dents.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. As I was
saying, these Indian agents are provided for by
existinglaws, and the appropriations have to be
made in accordance with the terms of those
laws. Now, there are a great number of Indian
agents in Nevada; but they have to be pro-
vided for in such terms as the gentleman will
find in lines twenty-four, twenty-five, and twen-
ty-six, on the second page of the bill. We
there provide for''eleven for the tribes east
of the Rocky mountains: two for the tribes
east of the Rocky mountains; four for the
tribes east of the Rocky mountains," &c. The
gentleman will find such provisions occurring
quite a number of times.
Mr. ALLISON. Nevada is not in there.
■Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
aware of that; lam only giving an illustration.
Any one reading the bill would naturally in-
quire, why not provide in gross for a certain
number of Indian agents east of the Rocky
mountains, or a certain number for a particu-
lar State ? But we have to conform our appro-
priations to the various laws establishing these
agencies. I think there are five or seven Indian
agents for Nevadaand the tribes adjacent there-
to. I will state the reason which influences me
in fixing the number of these superintendents.
A large number of Indians have, under a treaty
made within the past year, been removed up
into Idaho. Besides that, another superintend-
ent is required for the Crow Indians, and it
is_ necessary to have one superintendent for
Idaho and one for Montana, because of the
line of mountains running between those two
Territories.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not object to separat-
ing Idaho and Montana; I think it should be
done. I only wanted to know why we should
have an additional superintendent for the Crow
Indians. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I move to amend by
striking out "eleven" and inserting "twelve."
1 make this motion for the purpose of asking
the chairman of the committee a question.
The portion of the Crow Indians known as the
Mountain Crows are, under the treaty made
by the peace commissioners, located in Mon-
tana: and there is already a superintendent for
that Territory. I wish to inquire whether this
appropriation is intended to provide a super-
intendent for the River Crows, who are outside
of the Territory of Montana, or the Mountain
Crows, who are within that Territory ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
propose to have another superintendent for the
Crows, but an agent.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I withdraw my amend
ment.
Mr. PRUYN. I move to amend by reduc-
ing the number to eight. 1 make this motion
for the purpose of saying that I heartily ap-
prove tbe very philanthropic and noble views
expressed by the gentleman from Minnesota
[Mr. WiNnoM^in regard to this question; and
I wish to ask him whether he proposes to reach
the objects be has indicated by any amendments
to this bill, or whether a separate measure,
embodying the views which he has expressed,
is to be brought before the House?
Mr. WINDOM. If it were possible under
the rules to reach at this session the bill now
pending before the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs I should be most happy to bring that bill
before the House. But. as every gentleman
understands, the Commiitee on Indian Affairs
will not be again reached this session, and we
shall have no opportunity to report. As to offer-
ing it as an amendment to this bill, I apprehend
that it would not be in order.
Mr. PRUYN. It strikes me that the amend-
ment would be perfectly in order. It does not
require any appropriation, and we have a per-
fect right to direct how these appropriations
shall be made.
Mr. HIGBY. It calls for an additional ap-
propriation ; but that can be made hereafter.
I trust that tbe gentleman -will propose his
amend ment to this bill. I withdraw myamend-
ment to tbe amendment.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I move to strike
out the word "eleven" and insert "ten," so
that the bill will provide for only ten superin-
tendents of Indian affairs instead of eleven; and
I give notice that in the next paragraph I shall
move to strike out "three" and insert "two,"
so as to provide for only two superintendents
for the tribes east of the Rocky mountains in-
stead of three. I understand that there are
three superintendentseastof the Rocky mount-
ains, one located at Omaha, Nebraska, one in
Kansas, and the other in tbe Indian territory.
As a matter of fact, ever since the commence-
ment of the Indian war the superintendent of
Indian affairs for the territory south of Kan-
sas has actually had his office and carried on-
his business in Kansas. I will say to the House
that I am familiar with the operations of these
Indian superintendents, and I see no reason
why two instead of three should not be able
successfully to perform all of tbe duties per-
formed at the present time by three superin-
tendents. I think I can say to the gentlemen
who have charge of the bill that by reducing
the number to two the headquarters of the
Indian superintendent can still be left in Kan-
sas, while at the same time tbe Government
will save the salary of one of these superin-
tendents of Indian affairs.
If I may be allowed to make a remark
further, I will say thatwhen we reach the third
page of the bill I will so move to amend the
proviso that it shall not only provide that the
President may dispense with Indian agencies
and require the same person to perform the
duties of two agencies for one salary, but that
he may, if he finds it necessary for the public
service, combiue the duties of two or more
superintendeneies in one.
Mr. ALLISON. I think if we are to have
a superintendent-for Montana and another for
Idaho we should leave the number as it is.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I withdraw my
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw my amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
Superintendents of Indian affairs:
Three superintendents for the tribes east of the
Rocky mountain?: one for Oregon, one for Washing-
ton Territory, one for the Territory of New Mexico,
one for the Territory of Utah, one for California, one
for Nevada, one for the Territory of Arizona, one for
Montana and Idaho.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I move to strike
out "three" and insert "two;" so it will read
" two superintendents."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend, in the eighteenth line, so as to make
it read "one for Montana and one for Idaho."
Mr. BURLEIGH. I move to amend the
amendment, so as to provide one also for
Dakota Territory. I understand by the pres-
ent arrangement that the Indians are all to be
located in Dakota, and if that be so, we ought
to have a superintendent there.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes six, noes not counted.
Mr. BURLEIGH demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Indian agents:
Three fq>- the tribes in Oregon: four for the tribes in
New Mexico; one adtlitionaifor Indians in New Mex-
ico: onafor the tiibesin Sew Mexico: one for the tribes
in Utah: one .additional for the Inili.insin Utah; one
for the tribes in the Territory of Utah; eleven for the
