1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
601
their constitutions, set aside their laws, and
make thetn obey our orders whether they want
to or not. I assert when we propose to do that
we are plainly, palpably establishing a con-
gressional despotism over the whole country.
It is sheer folly for gentlemen to stand up here
and think to hide their purposes from the coun-
try or the world by any such hollow pretenses as
are set up in the argument of the gentleman
from Massachusetts. The ostrich with his eyes
closed and his head stuck in the sand is about
as well concealed as the purposes of this bill
are by all the high-sounding declamation of
the gentleman. A centralized, consolidated
despotism will swallow up these great United
States.
I now propose to show that the fourteenth
amendment gives Congress no power over suf-
frage in the States, and that even the Repub-
lican part}7 never claimed that it did, but, on
the contrary, distinctly avowed in the most
solemn form that it did not, pledging them-
selves to the people of the country that they
would so maintain if they were again intrusted
with power and place. When General Grant
was nominated, the convention which met at
Chicago in May, 1868, after the whole mean-
ing and effect of the fourteenth amendment
was fully understood, laid before the country
a platform of principles which it pledged itself
to uphold and be governed by. Congress took
a recess, and its Republican members were
there en masse, doubtless its most active mem-
bers, and the following resolution was unani-
mously adopted, being the second in the series:
"Theguarantee by Congress of equal suffrage to all
loyal men at the South wasdemanded by every consid-
eration of public safety, of gratitude, and of justice,
nnd must be maintained, while the question of suf-
frage in all the loyal States properly belongs to the
people of the States themselves."
If that resolution was not intended to delude
and deceive the people whose confidence and
support they were seeking to obtain because
of the principles they were pledging themselves
to uphold and perpetuate, this bill cannotta*
supported by any man who did not publicly
disavow the published principles of his party.
If the question of suffrage in all the loyal States
rightfully and properly belongs to the people
of the States themselves Congress cannot le-
gally or properly interfere with it, and it would
not only be bad faith but gross usurpation so
to do.
But independent of that, it is evident, not
only from the debates in both Houses of Con-
gress at the time the fourteenth amendment
was proposed, but from the language of the
amendment itself when considered in reference
to the peculiar and anomalous condition of the
negro race, to which it more specifically, indeed
almost exclusively relates, that the first sec-
tion of the amendment, even if we leave out
of view the second, which, making clear the
meaning of the first, fully sustains the position
which I in common with the Republican con-
vention—and we agree but seldom—maintain,
that the question of suffrage was not thereby
interfered with, but was left where it properly
belongs, with the States themselves.
Prior to that amendment negroes were not
citizens of the United States. They possessed
none of the rights or privileges and were en-
titled to none of the immunities of citizens.
They could not sue in the courts of the United
States. Passports to travel in foreign coun-
tries could not be granted to them because the
United States could not protect any but her
citizens. A negro born abroad could not be
naturalized, that right being limited to free
white persons.
When the Constitution was
adopted they were not regarded in any of the
States as constituting any part of the people or
citizens thereof, and the only two clauses in
the Constitution pointing to the negro race
treat them as persons whom it was legally and
morally right to deal in as property and hold
as slaves. The then civilized world acted on
that idea in regard to them. Of course, no
State could, after the adoption of the Federal
Constitution, by any State legislation, make
either a foreigner or other description of per-
sons citizens of the United States, nor entitle
them to the rights or privileges secured to citi-
zens by that instrument; and while a State
might by its own laws place a negro or any
other person on a footing with its own citizens
as to all rights, privileges, and immunities en-
joyed by them within its own dominion, it
could not make him a citizen of the United
States so as to confer upon him any of the priv-
ileges or immunities of a citizen of any other
State. It was because of these well-settled
principles that Massachusetts was unable to af-
ford protection to negroes who were citizens of
that State when they were seized and punished
in South Carolina, which prohibited free ne-
groes from other States from landing on her
soil. It was because they were well established
that Dred Scott could not test his right to free-
dom in the courts of the United States.
By section two, article three, of the Constitu-
tion the judicial power of theUnited States so
far as it is controlled by the personal status of
the litigant is limited to controversies " be-
tween a State and citizens of another State,
between citizens of different States, between
citizens of the same State claiming lands under
grants from different States, and between a
State or the citizens thereof and foreign States,
citizens, or subjects," so that it was up to the
adoption of the fourteenth amendment impos-
sible for a negro resident in a State that refused
him the privileges of State citizenship to as-
sert any rights in the courts of the United
States ; and it was equally impossible for him
to obtain any of the benefits of section two,
article four, of the Constitution, which pro-
vides that—
" The citizens of each State shall be entitled to all
privileges and immunities of citizens 111 tbe several
States."
It was to give to the negro race, nine tenths
of which had been held in slavery until the
adoption of the thirteenth constitutional amend-
ment, the benefit of the protection which citi-
f zenship confers that the fourteenth amend-
ment was adopted, if it be adopted, which, for
the purposes of this argument only, I propose
to admit. Under it negroes, as wellas Indians,
Gipsies, Chinese, and all the Mongolian races
born in the United States, men and women,
young and old, can now sue and be sued in the
courts of the United States.
They can travel under the protection of the
Government in foreign countries ; they can
move from State to State, locate in any State,
acquire, hold, and enjoy property under the
protection of the laws of the State upon the
same terms as white citizens going therefrom
other States can ; they are entitled to the privi-
leges and immunities of citizens of the United
States, and those rights are not to be abridged
by State legislation when such citizen of the
Unifesd States comes within the local jurisdic-
tion of the State. But as it must be conceded
that being a citizen of the United States,
whether by birth or naturalization, never gave
any man the right against the will of the State
to go there and exorcise the right of suffrage,
the refusal of the State to grant U cannot in
any sense abridge his rights or privileges as a
citizen of the United Slates. It is impossible
for any privileges to be abridged that a man
neverpossessed. The very idea conveyed by the
term abiidge is that existing rights, privileges,
or immunities shall not be impaired, taken
from, diminished or made less beneficial, but
it conveys no idea of the acquisition of rights
or of the requirement now assumed thai; new
privileges shall be granted.
Whatever privilege he possesses by virtue
of being such citizen when he goes within the
local jurisdiction ot a State shall not be taken
away, impaired, or abridged. But no new
grant is either required or expected from the
State. She shall not interfere with his light
to sue in the courts of the United States, nor
withhold from him the equal protection of her
laws; to do so would abridge his privileges.
The first section has that extent no more.
States may allow persons to exercise the right
of suffrage who are not citizens of the united
States; most of the northwestern States have
done so ; some of them now do, or they may
refuse to allow it to citizens of the United
States, as Rhode Island now does, to those who
are naturalized. A grant of the right of suf-
frage in a republic is an investment of the
individual to whom it is granted with the high-
est rights of citizenship, yet it is by no means
an element necessary to establish unqualified
citizenship. All the native-born white females
in the United States, and all persons, male
and female, under twenty-one years of age, are
as much citizens of the United States and of
the States in which they reside, and are as
fully entitled to the protection of all the laws,
State and Federal, as those males to whom the
right of suffrage is intrusted. The paupers in
Massachusetts, and those who cannot read the
Constitution in the English language nor write
their names, all of whom are excluded from
the right of suffrage in that State by its consti-
tution, are citizens of the State as much as
those who vote. If the gentleman and his
friends had given the people of the southern
States the same constitution that the people
of Massachusetts in 1836 imposed upon them-
selves, ninety per cent, of the negroes there
would be excluded from the exercise of the
right of suffrage ; and while they are fastening
negro equality, social and political, upon that
people, Massachusetts, in her code of laws
passed in 1836, prohibited the marriage of any
white person with a negro or mulatto, declared
all such marriages null and void, and their
children bastards, punishing by a fine of fifty
pounds any person who should join them in
marriage. I think Massachusetts was right;
but with her high pretensions to justice she
ought to apply the same rule to others that she
does to herself.
Mr. Speaker, it seems like child's play to cite
authority to sustain a proposition so plain as
that the right of suffrage is by no means a
necessary incidentof citizenship. It may not be
amiss, however, to say that in the discussion
of the civil-rights bill, which makes all negroes
born in the United States citizens of the United
States, and gives them all the right that citizen-
ship g^n confer, as well as in the discussion of
the rights given to them hy the fourteenth
amendment, Senator Trumbull, chairman of
the Judiciary Committee of the Senate, and all
the Republican lawyers in both Houses whose
opinions were worth anything, admitted that
neither the act nor the amendment conferred,
or were expected or intended to conferon them
the right of suffrage. All agreed that each State
regulated that matter as each might consider
that extension or limitation of the right most
conducive to the welfare of the State. It was
in view of these well-known facts and admis-
sions that I asked the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, while making his speech, the follow-
ing questions, which, with his answer, I read
from the Globe:
" I desire to ask if by the first section of the four-
teenth amendment it was intended to prevent the
States from determining who should and who should
not rote, why, when it provides that 'no State shall
make or enforce any taw which shall abridge the
privileges or immunities of citizens of the_ United
States,' it did not add, nor makes discriminations
among the citizens of the State itself in the exercise
ot the right ot suffrage?
"Mr. Bodtwell. There was the plainest reason
intheworld. It was not necessary. The article pro-
vides, as it stands, that therecan be no discrimination
by the States among the citizens of the United fetates,
who are as well citizens of the several States and
entitled equally to the privileges of citizens."
The answer not only does not meet, but care-
fully avoids the question. All may be equally
entitled to the privileges of citizens without
impairing the absolute right and power of the
State to limit suffrage there as it pleases. The
women and children, as I have stated, are all
citizens of the State and of the United States.
The paupers and those who cannot read or
write in Massachusetts are all citizens, and
their rights, privileges, and immunities cannot
be constitutionally abridged; but that does not
make them voters in the State. It never en-
tered into the brain of any statesman till a ma-
jority of the Judiciary Committee of this Housa
