1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.
m
party to the people that the one plan or meas-
ure was the only one intended or upon which
the public would be called to pass its sanction.
Yet ever as each advance has been made, ac-
q uiescen ce secured, and the public led to believe
that all was well, some one more bold and
adventurous than his fellows, or some group
constituting the vanguard of the grand political
army, has always been ready to discover the
necessity of another advance, and on each oc-
casion the announcement has been ma$e that
the "life of the nation" was in peril and the
peril could only be averted by the sanction of
new and untried measures and adoption of
experiments often urged outside of the Con-
stitution.
The distinguished gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Boutwell,] ill his speech advo-
cating the pendingbillaud amendment, declares
with most commendable candor that " the Re-
publican party must move forward and consum-
mate the great work it has undertaken." What
that great work is he informs us in another
sentence, when he says;
" Sir, X doubt not that nine tenths of the Repub-
lican party of the country are in favor of manhood
suffrage. One tenth of the party are not in favor of
it, and they constitute the great obstacle in the way
of perfecting tills benign measure. For one, I am in
favor of taking the responsibility of the position
which we occupy. We are responsible for universal
suffrage asoneof the crowningmeasuresof an admin-
istration of eight years'duration, to be eontinuedfor
four years by the judgment of the people already pro-
nounced. The great ld...iority of the people—and in
this connection X will say thatby 4 the people'l mean
those who on the3d of November lastsupported Gen-
eral Grant for the Presidency—the great majority of
them expect of us tnc consummation of this plan."
Sir, according to this declaration the great
mass of the Republican party expect the pas-
sage of a law by Congress to carry negro suf-
frage into all the States North as well as South,
ft is not my province to answer for the Repub-
lican party, nor assume what it should expect,
but il it does expect what the gentleman from
Massachusetts has declared, it must be because
it has at "last learned to expect just what its
leaders promise to avoid. Why, Mr. Speaker,
only last May, when the party assembled by its
delegates in Chicago and nominated General
Grant, itannounced its political creed, the very
first article of which congratulates the country
on the assured success of the reconstruction
policy of Congress. Did the reconstruction
policy of Congress then demand an extension
of suffrage to negroes in Illinois and Ohio ;
and did that convention promise or propose to
assume new ground upon the subject? Let us
see if any one of their declarations in that
political creed gave room for the expectation
which "the people" are supposed to share on
this subject. In the second resolution the party
declared as follows :
" II. The guarantee by Congress of equal suffrage
to all loyal men at tho.South was demanded by every
consideration of public safety, of gratitude, and of
justice, and must be maintained; while the question
of suffrage in all the loyal States properly belongs to
the people of those States."
Sir, it is as I said a moment ago, apologiz-
ing for what the party had done, but promis-
ing forbearance in the future. That conven-
tion appealed to the gratitude and magnanimity
as well as the fears of thepeople to indorse what
had been done in giving the negroes unlimited
political power in the South, and in order to
avoid defection in the ranks and hold the
wavering in their party allegiance the conven-
tion further declared its policy as to the North
by adding the declaration that "the question
of suffrage in all the loyal States properly be-
longs to the people of those States." ,
Sir, if I remember aright the gentleman
from Massachusetts was content with that plat-
form. Upon it he went before the people ad-
vocating the election of the nominees of that
convention, and in voting for those candidates
he indorsed the declaration of his part}', that
the question which he now proposes to settle,
or rather to unsettle, by congressional act,
properly belonged to the several States, and
should only be decided by them, each acting
for itself. Sir, the nominees of that conven-
tion stand before the people of the United
States pledged to maintain the rights of each
State to regulate the question of suffrage for
itself, except in cases where the people had
by rebelliou forfeited all political rights ac-
cording to the theory of the party, .and only
" lived and moved and had their being" by
the merciful permission of the Congress of
the United States. When the distinguished
gentleman who for years has presided with
such signal ability over the deliberations of
this body accepted a nomination from that
convention for still higher honors than those
he has so worthily won in this Hall, he pledged
to his followers and supporters the influence
of his high position to prevent just such legis-
lation as is now proposed, by indorsing the
proposition that, except in rebellious States,
the question of suffrage properly belongs to
the States themselves.
But, Mr. Speaker, inasmuch as the distin-
guished gentleman who opened the discussion
in favor of this measure declares that "uni-
versal suffrage is one of the crowning meas-
ures of an administration of eight years' dura-
tion," thereby assuming its indorsement by
President Lincoln during his lifetime, it may
not be inappropriate to recur to some of his
expressions upon this subject. Among his
earliest utterances on this question were his
declarations in a joint discussion with Senator
Douglas at Charleston, Illinois, while they
were rival candidates for the United States
Seuate in 1858. In his speech on that occa-
sion, he says:
"I will say, then, tha,t I am not, nor ever have
been, in favor of bringing about in any way the
social and political equality of the white and black
races; that X am not nor ever have been in favor
of making votes or jurors of negroes, nor of qualify-
ing them to hold ottice, nor to intermarry with white
people; and I will sayin addition to this, that there
is a physical difference between the white and black
raccs which I believe will forever forbid the two
races living together on terms of social and political
equality. And inasmuch as they cannot so live while
they do remain together, there must be the position
of superior and interior, and I as much as any other
man am in favor of having the superior position
assigned to the white race."
Such were his views when by the unanimous
voice of his party in Illinois he was called to
dispute senatorial honors with one whom he
had designated as the " Napoleon of American
politics." But if it be assumed that his views
were modified or his sentiments changed by
the war or its incidents let me refer to a much
later declaration. On the 14th of August,
1862, a delegation of free men of color waited
upon President Lincoln, and an interview was
held, which is described in MePherson's His-
tory of the Rebellion as follows:
"Having all been seated, the President informed
them that a sum of money had been appropriated by
Congress and placed at his disposal lor the purpose
of aiding the colonization in some country of the
people, or a portion of them, of African descent,
thereby making it his duty, j<s it had a long Mnc
been his inclination, to favor that cause. 'And why,'
he asked,' should the people of your race bo colo-
onized, and where? Why should they leave this
country ? This is perhaps the first question for proper
consideration. You and we arc different races. We
have between us a broader difference than exists
between almost any other two races. Whether it is
right or wrong I need not discuss; but this physical
difference is a great disadvantage to us both, as I
think. Tour race suffer very greatly, many of them,
by living among us; while ours suffer from your pres-
ence. In a word, we suffer on each side. If this is
admitted it affords a reason at least why we should
be separated." * r * t "Itis better for
us both, therefore, to be separated."
Such were the last declarations of Mr. Lin-
coln on this subject. He declares a " broad dif-
ference" betweeu the races—'this bill assumes
equality. He favored a separation—this bill
proposes a perpetual union. He insisted that
both races suffered from contact—this bill an-
ticipates a joint exercise of political power by
whites and blacks throughout the Union, terms
such joint exercise the crowning measure of
reconstruction, and places the whole future of
our country in the partial control of an inferior
race.
But, sir, my opposition to this bill is based
not so much upon the fact that it vests full
political rights and privileges in an inferor
race as upon the more important fact that by
it Congress arrogates all power over what our
Constitution regards as the proper subject of
State action exclusively; and rising above the
views of individuals and the, pledges of party,
let us examine first the question, has Congress
the constitutional right to pass this bill? As-
suming that the argument of the gentleman,
from Massachusetts iu favor of this exercise
of power presents the subject in its strongest
light, I find him claiming to derive that power
from three several clauses in the Constitution,
each of which he claims embodies a grant of
power in the direction he proposes to act. Let
me very briefly examine each:
Article one, section four, reads as follows,
and is the clause first relied upon as a grant of
power to Congress:
"The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators and Representatives shall be pre-
scribed in each State bythe Legislature thereof; but
Congress may at anytime, by law, make or alter
such regulations except as to the places of choosing
Senators."
This clause undoubtedly gives to Congress
the right to make or to alter regulations in the
States as to the time and manner of electing
members of Congress—nothing more. The
whole article treats of the elections, returns and
qualifications of members of the two Houses
of Congress, and the mode of organizing those
Houses and conducting business. It provides
for two Senators from each State, and desig-
nates the number of Representatives to which
each State would be entitled until the 'next
enumeration of inhabitants. For the purpose,
as is claimed, of perpetuating the Government
and securing the continued existence of both
branches of Congress, the authority was given
to Congress to "make or alter" regulations
regarding the election of its own members ex-
cept as to the places of choosing Senators. But
from what portion of this section is it claimed
that Congress derives a right to prescribe the
qualifiation of voters in Illinois? We are told
that it results from or is connected with the
right to make or alter regulations as to the
"manner" of holding elections for Senators
and Representatives. The distinguished gen-
tleman from whom I have already quoted, in
commenting oil the "manner" of elections,
says:
"It includes, as I maintain, everything relating to
an election, from tho qualification of the elector to
the deposit of his ballot in the box."
If that view of the extended meaning and
significance of the word " manner" be correct,
then the whole sentence is liable to an objec-
tion never before urged against any part of our
Constitution. 1 have been taught to regard
that instrument as embodying the perfection of
human reason, as expressing in few words all
itintended and avoiding tautology and redund-
ancy iu language. But if "manner" in this
clause includes ' 'everything relating to an elec-
tion,' ' then manifestly it must include both the
time and place of that election, for both are
essential ideas in connection with the whole
subject. This rule of interpretation throws ridi-
cule upon the instrument itself, and is a reflec-
tion upon the wisdom of our fathers in framing
it. But it is asserted that debates in the several
State conventions on the question of ratifying
the Constitution afford means of interpretation
of given clauses of that instrument, and that such
debates show that the uniform opinion existed
that by this clause Congress would have the
right to prescribe the qualification of voters in
the several States as connected with the man-
ner of electing Senators and Representatives.
Let us nnderstant that at the time the sev-
eral States acted upon the Constitution the
public mind was divided on the question of
its adoption, and those opposed to its adop-
tion based their objections mainly on the alle-
gation that in the instrument the independence
and identity of the several States was not suffi-
ciently guarded. Fearing the exercise of dan-
gerous powers by Congress, and jealous of the
rights of the States as sovereigns, they pre-
dicted that under various clauses Congress
would exercise powers not really intended to
be granted; and their predictions that Con-
gress would claim the right to do certain things
