1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
699
in 1862 ? Will our fourteen Representatives
of the sovereign people of Illinois here to-day
violate their last authoritative instruction upon
this point under pretense that they are aiding
Massachusetts to save the life of the nation, or
will these fourteen Representatives unite as
one man in obedience to the almost unanimous
voice of Illinois, and assert in the language of
Douglas, " This is a white man's Government,
made by white men for white men and their
descendants forever," and indorse all that is
correct in the second plank of the Chicago
platform by declaring again that suffrage is a
question properly belonging to the States?
But to recur for a moment to the expression
used by the eloquent advocate who leads in
favor of this bill, [Mr. Boutwell,.] "preserv-
ing the life of the nation." It seems to me,
sir, he has confounded the nation with the
Radical party. I can readily understand that
this measure is needed to save the life of the
Radical party; if, indeed, even this can save
it; and I think that is really the meaning of
the gentleman himself, for in the eloquent pero-
ration of his speech, in appealing direetly to
his party to rally to the support of the bill, he
admonishes them that there is for the party
" power on one side and ruin on the other."
But, sir, it is urged with great confidence by
those advocating this bill that if Congress has
never possessed this doubted ordisputed power
until of late it certainly has a clear and ex-
press grant of that power in the so-called
fourteenth article of amendment. Before con-
sidering that article, however, let me remark
how passing strange it is that no considerable
number of our opponents agree as to the source
from which this disputed power is, if at all,
derived. If it oe in Congress it must be there
by virtue of an express grant on the one hand
or a clear prohibition of such power in the
States by the Consti ution on the other, for
by the tenth article of amendment it is asserted
that—
" The powers not delegated to the United States
by the Constitution nor prohibited by it to the
States, are reserved to the States respectively or to
the people."
Of those in the Republican party who claim
the power to have been granted in the Consti-
tution hardly two will agree as to which clause
grants it. One says one section, another a dif-
ferent section ; still another claims that it is
derived from the joint operation of several
clauses or sections combined, and not a small
proportion of these theorists, ambitious of re-
sults but reckless of means claim that the right
" exists in the nature of the case, and is based
on the right of a nation to save its own life."
Before this argument " outside of the Consti-
tution " can have force it must be found or
demonstrated, first, that the " life of the na-
tion " is imperiled by the refusal of Illinois,
Ohio, and oilier States lo give the ballot to the
negro; and second, that congressional inter-
vention in the atfairs of those Slates without
their consent, and in violation ol constitutional
limitations and party pledges alike, will save
the imperiled life of the nation, and that noth-
ing else will.
But, sir, this appeal to aid in saving the life
of the nation is only, as of old, a cry to rally
the party followers and bring the stragglers into
line. I myself believe the life'of the nation
to be imperiled, but its danger is from too
much legislation. The world is governed too
much. We have for years been trying to make
statutes supply the lack of brotherly love among
our people. Pains and penalties have been
the strong incentives to patriotism, and equality
with the negro has been the reward for that
patriotism when proved to exist. " Let us have
peace," says the President-elect. Every true
heart echoes the invocation. In a political
sense, what part of the Union is now in a con-
dition of peace? Only those portions where
negroes are denied the "ballot. Where is strife,
contention, discord, and anarchy? Radicalism
answers in every State of the South where
negroes are permitted to vote by law of Con-
gress.
If, then, Congress has by " regulating" ten
States produced or perpetuated strife in each
will the same experiment bring peace in ten
others I If one third of the Union be pros-
trated by a given system, is it not marvelous to
believe that that same system extended to all
will "save the life of the nation?" If those
who use this argument wish credit for both
sense and candor, let them modify the expres-
sion and talk of "saving the life of" the Rad-
ical party, by means of this unconstitutional
action, distasteful to every man who is not
ashamed of Anglo-Saxon origin. But, sir,
does not every gentleman know that the pe-
riod of unpunished infractions of the Consti-
tution has gone by? During the war the great
masses of the people of northern States were
so intent in conquering the rebellion that they
passed unheeded many warnings full of signifi-
cance, and tolerated many practices by those
in power which were equally dangerous to
popular rights and constitutional government
as was the rebellion itself. But now approaches
a day of reckoning, and let politicians beware
ofpoptilar condemnation when, by playing upon
party passion, they attempt to prompt an in-
vasion of reserved rights and a desecration of
those time-honored principles which passed
without challenge or cavil until touched by the
polluting finger of a faction that would blot
out all reserved rights of States, and over the
ruins and embers of dismantled, dishonored,
and destroyed States would erect the dazzling
throne of consolidated empire. Let the fol-
lowing earnest protest against the exercise of
forbidden or even doubtful powers by Con-
gress be heeded as uttering on that subject the
sentiment of every Democrat, and according
to the press a large majority of Republicans
in my own Illinois.
In November last Major General John M.
Palmer was elected Governor of our State.
On the 11th day of this month he was inaugu-
rated. No one suspects Governor Palmer of
having ever been too deeply tinctured with the
doctrine of State rights. During the war it
was by many thought that he ignored the exist-
ence of any right whatever in a State as an
independent organization. In his inaugural
message, referring to the pending attempt of
Congress to regulate or organize corporations
in the States, he uses very earnest language;
and in his protest against exercising the power,
even if its existence be admitted, he is crystal-
lizing, even in the Republican mind of his State,
a higher, nobler, more correct, and patriotic
view than prompted the introduction of this
bill and the attempt to exercise still more dan-
gerous powers for a still more objectionable
purpose than those condemned by Governor
Palmer in the following language:
"Xow that the war is ended and ali its proper
objects attained, the public wellare demands arecur-
renco to the true principles that underlie our system
of government, and one of the best established and
most distinctly recognized of these is that the Fed-
eral Government is one of enumerated powers."
4 "* * "Jt is essential to the usefulness
of the State governments that their just authority
should be respected by that of the nation. Already
the authority of the States is in a measure paralyzed
by a growing conviction that all their powers are in
some sense derivative and subordinate, and not ori-
ginal and independent. The State governments are
a part of the American system of government. They
fill a well-defined place, and their just authority must
be respeetcd by the Federal Government, if it is ex-
pected that their laws wiii be obeyed. 'A frequent
recurrence to the fundamental principles of govern-
ment is essential to civil liberty,' and in this view I
have thought it proper to invite your attention to
these subjects.
" It is the clear duty of the national Government,
to decline the exercise of all doubtful powers when
the neglect to do so would betobringitmtothefields
of legislation already occupied by the States, and
thereby raising embarrassing questions, and present-
ing asingularanddangerous instance of two jurisdic-
tions claiming the rigntto control the same class of
subjects, and creating rival corporations with diffcr-
ing'poweis. Arguments may be found for the exer-
cise of this class of powers by Congress, but they are
greatly overbalanced by the evils it would produce."
How full of meaning these sentences at this
particular time! How like "apples of gold
in pictures of silver" some of his declara-
tions ! " One of the best established and most
distinctly recognized " of the principles that
underlie our system of government is that the
"Federal Government is one of enumerated
powers." And again:
"The authority of' the States is paralyzed by a
growing eonviction that all their powers are in some
sense derivative and subordinate, and not original
and independent."
If, in Governor Palmer's view, there was
danger and mischief in the attempt to regulate
corporations in States by act of Congress, be-
cause of liability to a collision in jurisdiction,
how much more dear and positive would have
been the danger in his judgment where the in-
terests to be aff'ectcd are vital and involve the
very existence of the State, and where the
conflict in jurisdiction is not merely liable, but
absolutely certain and unavoidable? So far as
the exercise of this power is claimed under
the so-called fourteenth amendment, I have
little to say. When that article shall have
been pronounced by competent authority
part of our Constitution, its text may be of
importance. At present I have only to com-
pare text with text. The first section of that
article is as follows:
"Sec.1. All persons born or naturalized in th e Uni-
ted States and subject to thojurisdiction thereof a--o
citizens of the United States and of the States wb erein
tbey reside. No State shall make or enforce any law
which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of
citizens of the United States; nor shall any State
depiiveany person of life, liberty, or property with-
out due process of law, nor deny to any person within
its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws."
If this clause be operative at all it is simply
declaratory of the condition of certain classes
therein named. The prohibition against any
State making or enforcing laws which shall
abridge the privileges or immunities of citi-
zens ot the United States is of no moment
until it be shown that some State has proposed
or now proposes to do so. In this view the ques-
tion arises, does this section secure the elective
franchise to the negro in the several States?
Did any one of the advocates of that amend-
ment, while it was pending here, claim such a
construction? So far as I can ascertain they
did not. The public were informed by them,
and by speakers who advocated that amend-
ment on the stump, that its intention and effect
was to permit every State to do as it might
elect on that subject, with the understanding
that such States as refused suffrage to the
negro would bo curtailed in representation to
that extent. It was held that the whole article
affirmed the right of a State to act on suffrage,
and that because they would not all act alike
it was necessary to equalize representation.
To accomplish that equality the second section
was submitted, as follows :
"Sec. 2. Representatives shall be apportioned
among the several States according to their respect-
ive numbers, counting the whole number of persons
m each State, excluding Indians not taxed. Bat
when the right to vote at any election for the choice
of electors for President and Vice President of the
United States, Representatives 111 Congress, the exec-
utive and judicial officers of a State, or the members
of the Legislature thereof, is denied to any of the
male inhabitants of such State, being twenty-ono
years of age and citizens of the United States, or in
any way abridged, except for participation in rebel-
lion or other crime, the basis of representation
therein shall be reduced in the proportion which
the number of such male citizens shall bear to the
whole number of male citizens twenty-ono years of
ago in such State."
Suppose now these two sections be admitted
to be parts of the Constitution, may Congress
under any power derived from them, when
construed together, declare that negroes shall
vote in Pennsylvania? No! What, then ; is
the whole article void? By no means; but if
the article be valid Congress may, under the
two sections, say to a given State, "The negroes
constitute one half your population ; you have a
given number of Representatives in Congress;
that number is based on your whole population;
if jou see fit by State law to disfranchise one
half of your inhabitants, we, by virtue of the
power to apportion Representatives, will de-
crease your representation to one half of the
present number." That, and that only, is
the extent of power resulting from the clause
in question if there be any validity in the view
of those who hold that the General Government
