100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
is one of delegated and enumerated powers;
and if there be any vitality in the tenth article
of amendment, which declares that—
"The powers not delegated to the United States by
the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States,
are reserved to the States respectively, or to the
people."
Before Congress can. act on any subject it
must appear to be either, first, "delegated to
the United States by the Constitution," or
second, "prohibited by it to the States."
Having already considered the delegated pow-
ers, let me briefly refer to those which the States
are prohibited from exercising. With the ex-
ceptions already noticed the prohibitions on
States are all embraced in the tenth section of
the first article. There, in plain, bold, lan-
guage, requiringno interpretation, itisdeclared
that—
"No State shall enter into any treaty, &c., grant
letters of marque, and reprisal, coin money, emitbills
of credit, make anything hut gold and silver coin a
tender in payment of debts, pass any bill of attain-
der, ex poxt facto law, or law impairing the obliga-
tions of contracts, or grant any title of nobility."
Other prohibitions are embraced in the sec-
tion under consideration, and it is observable
that among all the inhibitions on State action
none in the body of the Constitution can be
even so tortured as to refer to the question of
suffrage within the States.
And now, having briefly as I eould given my
objections to the bill, I close without reference
to the proposed amendment, also pending.
Upon the last we can talk before the people.
I can but hope that we will be spared the
humility of seeing this bill pass, and protest in
the name of my people against Federal inter-
vention in the domestic affairs of the several
States.
Mr. Paine obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. KELLEY, who moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
ten o'clock and twenty minutes p. in.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, jstc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARNELL: The petition of C. B.
Davis, of Tennessee, for relief from political
disabilities.
By Mr. A XT ELL: The petition of J. G.
Morrison, Niel McSwain, and others, of Snel-
ling, California, praying for the establishment
of apost routeiromTuohiraneCity, Stanislaus
county, to Millerton, county seat of Fresno
county.
By Mr. BEAMAN: The petition of C. H.
Parshall and 31 others, citizens of .Detroit,
Michigan, praying for the passage of the civil
service bill, &c.
By Mr. FAiiN8V,'O RTH: The petition of
Charles A. Russell, of Texas, for removal of
disabilities.
By Mr. FERRISS: A petition of citizens
of New Y ork, that a bronze niedal c( mmemo-
rative of the preservation of the Union be
struck and distributed to the officers, soldiers,
sailors, and marines who were honorably dis-
charged from the Union Army, and to the
children of those who died in the service of
the Union.
By Mr. KERB: A statement in the case of
the application of the widow and children of
the late Captain John S. Davis, of Indiana,
for a pension.
By Mr. LAFLIN: The petition of M. R.
Carter, ot Annapolis, Maryland, in favor of in-
crease of pay of paymaster's clerk at Annapolis.
By Mr. LINCOLN : The petition of Eliza-
beth Knowles, for relief.
By Mr. LOAN: A petition of citizens of
Holt and Nodaway counties, in the State of
Missouri, for the establishment ot a post route.
By Mr. MBROUli: The petition of E. M.
Davis, of Philadelphia, asking that the law
making gold a legal tender be repealed, and
that a new money system be adopted by which,
to any one who can offer productive real estate
security, the nation shall loan, with proper
guards, in money similar to the '' greenbacks,''
one dollar for every six of security, and charge
for the same not exceeding four per cent, per
annum until the public debt is paid; that then
the interest shall be reduced to the cost of
producing the "greenbacks;" to conducting
the system and to guarantying losses on errors
in securities ; that the loans shall be payable at
any time by the borrowers, but never deuiand-
able by the Government so long as the interest
is paid punctually and the security does not
decrease-; that the borrowers shall fix the
denominations of the money within certain
limits, and that said money shall be a legal
tender and the only legal tender of the country.
Also, that Government notes be prepared hav-
ing twelve months to run (not a legal tender)
bearing three and sixty-five hundredths per
cent, interest, to be issued to anyone who may
wish to invest his money, thereby furnishing
an absorbent or sinking fund for any surplus
money on the market.
By Mr. MOORE: A petition of masters and
owners of vessels of Elizabethport, New Jer-
sey, praying the intervention of Congress to
protect all engaged in navigation from illegal
exactions by State and municipal corporations.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: _A petition
of owners and masters of vessels in the State
of Connecticut, praying the intervention of
Congress to protect those engaged in naviga-
tion from illegal taxes and exactions by State
and municipal corporations.
_ By Mr. WHITTEMORE : A petition of
citizens of Tennessee, president of the senate,
and members of the State Legislature, and
judges of the courts, asking that James Cox,
late a private of company C, first regiment of
East Tennessee cavalry, may be placed on the
pension-roll.
By Mr. WINDOM: The petition of Z. M.
Brown, Samuel E. Adams, and 80 others, citi-
zens of Monticello, Minnesota, asking for aid
in the construction of the Northern Pacific
railroad.
Also, the petition of Hiram H. G. Bradt,
Cyrus H. Reed, A. Seymour, and 20 others,
citizens of Walnut Grove, Minnesota, asking
for an amendment to the homestead law so as
to give Union soldiers the right to enter their
homesteads after an occupancy of one year.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 29, 18G9.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
executive communication*.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior, communicating an estimate of appro-
priation required for defraying the expenses
of negotiating the treaty of March 2,18G8, with
the Ute Indians; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
credentials.
The PRESIDENTjwoiempore presented the
credentials of Hon. Zaciuriah Chandler,
elected by the Legislature of Michigan a Sen-
ator from that State for the term commencing
March 4, 1869 ;' which were read, and ordered
to be filed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSKN. I present the
petition of Rev. Dr. McCosh, president of
Princeton College, and the other members of
the faculty, setting forth that a total eclipse of
the sun will take place on the 7th of August
next, and petitioning that a small appropriation
be made to the United States Naval Observ-
atory or to the National Academy of Sciences
for the purpose of taking observations of that
eclipse. They represent that these observa-
tions are not only very interesting to science,
but very useful in fixing exactly the latitudes
and longitudes, that the observations cannot
be made at the Observatory, as it is not within
the region in which the total eclipse will be
visible, and that the opportunities for making
such observations are very rare. I move the
reference of the petition to the Committee on
Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN also presented a
petition of citizens of New Jersey, praying that
suffrage may be extended to women on equal
terms with men in the District of Columbia
and the Territories ; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. W1LLEY presented the petition of Reu-
ben D. Hill, of Virginia, praying to be relieved
from political disabilities ; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Reuben F.
Watts, praying to be relieved from political
disabilities ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POOL presented a petition of citizens
of North Carolina, praying that Joseph D.
Davis, a resident of that State, may be relieved
from political disabilities; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Boston, praying that a reciprocity
treaty may be made with the Dominion of
Canada and,the British Provinces ; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
He also presented a petition of the Massa-
chusetts Horticultural Society, praying the
repeal of the duty on plants and seeds; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
New York, praying that the right of suffrage
may be extended to women equally with men
in the District of Columbia; which was referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
He also presented a petition of merchants
and other dealers in distilled spirits in Boston,
praying for certain amendments or modifica-
tions of the internal revenue law ; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present the petition
of George B. Upton, a merchant ot Boston, in
which he says that he has read what purports
to be a copy of a treaty between this Govern-
ment and Great Britain for the settlement of
claims, and among others for a settlement of
the so-called "Alabama" claims. Before
statine the subject of this petition I will say
that I have hesitated whether to present it in
open or in executive session ; but considering
that the subject has received publicity on the
other side of the water, that it has extensive
publicity on ours, and also considering the
gravity of the question, I have felt that upon
the whole I should present this petition in open
session.
He remonstrates against the ratification of
the treaty on account of the injustice which
would thereby be done to himself and other
claimants. He sets forth the character of that
injustice. He then says that he has higher
objections to its confirmation; "that the so-
called treaty proposes to put upon the same
footing claims by British subjects which have
arisen under a disagreement in regard to the
ordinary forms of neutrality and claims of our
own citizens upon the British Government for
piracies committed by British-built, British-
manned, and British-armed vessels ; by vessels
and armaments which left British ports under
the protection of the British flag and burned
American ships, and your memorialist's among
the number, upon the high seas without taking
them into port for condemnation, and without
any action being taken upon the part of the
British Government when these atrocities were
laid before it to prevent the same." I will
not read any further in this memorial. What
I have read presents its substance. I move
its reference to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present a petition
