1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
from the _ national executive committee of
colored citizens, praying for the passage of
House bill No. 267. The object of this petition
is to secure to colored people in the rebel States
a piece of land ; in other words, to secure the
operation of our homestead law to certain lands
rebel States. The Senator from Kansas,
[Mr. Pomeroy,] I believe, has had this subject
in hand. May I have his attention for one mo-
ment, for I wish to ask what should be the des-
tination of the petition relating to House bill
No. 267, which I understand the Senator has
reported ?
Mr. POMEROY. There are two bills on
that subject. The particular bill to which the
Senator refers is still in committee and not
reported.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I move the reference
of this petition to the Committee on Public
Lands, and I ask the earnest attention of my
friend to the petition.
The motion was agreed to.
ALPIIKUS C. GALLAHUE.
Mr. WILLEY. If there is nothing before
the Senate I ask the indulgence of the Senate
to take up a little private bill which will occupy
but a moment. 1 move to take up Senate bill
No. 781.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 781) for the relief of
AlpheusC. Gallahue. It provides that Alpheus
C. Gallahue shall have leave to make applica-
tion to the Commissioner of Patents for the
extension of the letters-patent granted to him
for an improvement in machines for pegging
boots and shoes on the 10th of August, 1853,
antedated 18th of February, 1853, for fourteen
years from the latter date, in the same manner
as if the petition for the extension had been
filed at least ninety days before the expiration
of the patent; and the Commissioner of Patents
is authorized to consider and determine the
application in the same manner as if it had
been filed ninety days prior to the expiration
of the patent, and with the same effect as if it
had been reguiarly filed and acted upon under
existing laws ; but any such extension of the
patent is not to affect the right to continue to
use the machine of aiy person who, since the
18th of February, 18L7, and prior to the ap-
proval of the act, may have procured and at
the time of such approval shall be using the
machine.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM M'GAltRAHAN.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the House of
Representatives, returning, in answer t.o the
request of the Senate, the bill (H. R. No. 05)
for the relief of William McGarrahan, with the
papers relating thereto.
Mr. MORTON. I move to refer the message,
with the bill and accompanying papers, to the
Committee on the Judiciary. \
Mr. FERRY. I do not understand the motive*
of this proposed reference to the Committee on
the Judiciary. I do not suppose that the Sen-
ator, from Indiana intends to cast a reflection
upon the Committee on Private Land Claims?
Mr. MORTON. Not at all.
Mr. FERRY. All that has been done with
regard to this case of Mr. McGarrahan is this:
it has been referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims; they have examined the case
and made a report; that report was acted upon
partially at the last session, butin such amanner
that the bill is now called back from the House
of Representatives, and we are told that Mr.
McGarrahan wishes to submit additional testi-
mony, believing himself to be injured by the
report, and that he has acquired additional tes-
timony since the last session. The proper place
evidently for a reference of the papers is to the
Committee on Private Land Claims; and it Cer-
tainly is a reflection upon that committee if
their report, immediately upon its being pre-
sented here in the Senate without any examina-
701
tion, is referred to another committee, as if they
were incompetent to examine the case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I certainly trust that
this matter will not be referred to the Judiciary
Committee after what has transpired in the
Senate. It is a matter appropriately belong-
ing to the Committee on Private La-nd Claims;
and after that committee has investigated the
-matter and made a report, which it is alleged
has been hastily acted upon and without con-
sideration, and that there is some, other testi-
mony to be submitted, to take it away from
the Committee on Private Land Claims and
refer it to another committee of this body—to
take it from the committee to which it appro-
priately belongs and refer it to a committee
to which it does not belong—would certainly
be a reflection upon the committee that has
had charge of the subject which I, for one,
would not be willing to make. One committee
certainly ought not to undertake to revise the
action of another committee ; and, as is sug-
gested by one of my associates upon the com-
mittee, [Mr. Fuemnqbtoysen,] it would involve
a labor to which the Judiciary Committee
should not be subjected. This subject has
been investigated by the members of the Com'
mittee on Private Land Claims, and if any
further investigation is to take place certainly
that committee is the proper one to make it.
I trust the Senate will recommit the matter to
the Committee on Private Land Claims and
let them hear such further explanations as are
to be made or receive such testimony as the
parties may offer.
Mr. MORTON. There is no disrespect
whatever intended to the Committee on Private
Land Claims. If they choose to make disre-
spect out of it it will be difficult to avoid it,
but there is no such intention. This bill came
from the Committee on the Judiciary in the
House of Representatives, and it ought to have
been referred, I should think, to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary in the Senate. It properly
belongs to that committee. It is not the case
of a person claiming land from the United
States ; it is not in the nature of a private land
claim from the Government of the United
States, to be referred to that committee; but
the questions involved are questions of law as
well as questions of fact, and it ought to go to
the Committee on the Judiciary. The Senator
from Connecticut insists that it will be disre-
spectful to him, as a member of the Committee
on Private Land Claims, if it should be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary. I should
rather suppose the Senator from Connecticut
would be glad to be discharged from the con-
sideration of it. He has committed himself on
this question ; and if it is to be reexamined it
ought at least tc*/fee reexamined by a commit-
tee the majority of which has not committed
itself againsfthe party who asks the reexamin-
ation. Erir my part, if I were on that com-
mittee Xfflhould be glad, as a matter of delicacy,
to ba/uischarged from the further considera-
tioq/of it.
r. FERRY. I do not know what theSen-
from Indiana means by saying that 1 have
already committed myself in reference to this
case. I united with the report of the commit-
tee, but in the discussion which has taken place
upon the questions presented now by the Sen-
ator from Indiana I have said not one word in
regard to the merits of the case. If, because
the members of the Committee on Private
Land Claims, upon the investigation of the
case on the evidence presented to them, found
that evidence insufficient its members are to
be considered as committed, then all that the
Senator is asking is that the action of one com-
mittee shall be revised by another committee,
and I cannot consider that as anything else
than a reflection upon the first-named commit-
tee, and if we must submit to it, so we must,
as the Senator seems to think there is nothing
for us to do but for the Senate and the com-
mittee both to submit to his dictation in this
matter.
Now, Mr. President, I cannot think that the
Senatorfrom Indiana properly understands this
case. It is simply a claim under a Mexican
grant of land—such a claim as the Committee
on Private Land-Claims have been called upon
to investigate more than- twenty times since I
have been on that committee. It involves sim-
ilar questions of law and similar questions of
fact to those which have arisen in other cases.
It is no more appropriate to the Judiciary Com-
mittee than any question which has ever been
referred to the Committee cm Private Land
Claims growing out of these ancient Mexican
land grants. It is an ordinary case, but a
strange feeling has been created in regard to it
apparently in the minds of some Senators. I
certainly am unconscious of entertaining any
feeling myself in regard to the case or the par-
ties or the questions involved; but I do not
like, after the matter has been referred to a com-
mittee of which I am a member, and the report
of that committee has not been discussed in
the Senate, and the case is brought back from
the House of Representatives solely because it
is said there is additional evidence to be of-
fered—I do not like to have the imputation
upon a committee of which I am a member that
they are not to be trusted with the examina-
tion of this additional evidence. The Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims has been changed
since the last session. A majority of the pres-
sent members of the Committee on Private
Land Claims were not on the committee at the
last session, and certainly it is impossible for
the Senate to adopt the motion of the Senator
from Indiana without creating at any rate some
unpleasant reflection in the breasts of those
who are members of that committee.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I have
always understood that the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims was organized for the pur-
poseofexamining questions between the United
States and citizens. Where the citizen claims
a right to a portion of what appear to be the
public lands, and that question is to be decided
between the Government and the citizen, the
case should be referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims. But if it be only a
controversy between two citizens as to which
citizen has the better right, that is a judicial
question. It is not a question of policy at all.
The Committee on Private Land Claims may
consider questions of policy between the citizen
and the Government; but when a question of
legal right between two citizens in regard to
lands the legal title to which is yet in the
United States arises, that question probably
belongs to the Committee on the Judiciary, as
I suppose.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish simply to inform
the Senator, so that he may understand it, that
this bill recognizes the title as in the United
States, and it is simply a controversy between
McGarrahan and the United States. The bill
does not claim that the title is in Mr. McGar-
rahan, but it provides that he may enter the
land at a land office of the United States as
though he was a settler upon the public land.
These other parties comein incidentally. There
is no controversy between Mr. McGarrahan
and those parties as far as Congress is con-
cerned. It is a question betweeen McGarra-
han and the United States so far as Congress
is concerned.
Mr. HENDRICKS. So far as the legal title
is concerned perhaps the Senator states it
aright, that the legal title is in the United
States. McGarrahan seeks that legal title,, but
which has the better right to this land, some
mining company, the name of which I do not
recollect, or McGarrahan, is a question that
ought to go to the Judiciary Committee. I
think there are other interests opposed to Mr.
McGarrahan. I have not read any report,
and I have not read the bill, but I understand
that it is really a controversy between a mining
company and Mr. McGarrahan. I understand
that to be the fact, and, I think, some of the
correspondence that has been referred to shows
that fact. I think the Commissioner of the
General Land Office was called upon to com-
plete the title of some mining company, or
some parties, at least, who claim in hostility
