702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
to McGarrahan. If it be a question, as I
■understand it is, which has the better claim to
this land, the mining company or McGarra-
han, that is a judicial or legal question which
ought to go to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. The distinction is a very broad and
plain one, not only in reason, but, as I under-
stand, in the practice of the Senate. This be-
longs to that class of cases which have gone to
the Judiciary Committee. I think 1 could
name some cases that have been referred to
the Judiciary Committee where the questions
were like this, between claimants to the same
piece of land.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, this is not
such a case as was stated by the Senator last
up. It is a case where the claimant now pre-
senting himself to the Senate, Mr. McGarra-
han, asserts that he is the rightful owner of a
grant made by the Mexican Government to one
Gomez, and that that grant covers a parcel of
ground which contains a valuable quicksilver
mine. Two questions are involved. The first
is, whether that grant was ever made by the
Mexican Government or not; and if it was,
and he is the rightful owner of it, the United
States have, by treaty with Mexico, bound
themselves to confirm it to its rightful owner.
The first question, then, is: was such a grant
ever made? The next is: if the grant was
made, does it cover the particular parcel of
laud in question? Both of these questions
belong to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Now, Mr. President, let me state a fact in
this connection. When the House bill now
before us for reference came to the Senate at
the last session of Congress Mr. McGarrahan
desired to have it referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims. He urged me to
support that reference. I believed it, for the
purposes of his investigation, the best and most
proper committee, because it had cognizance
of that class of cases always, and because its
members—I allude to the honorable Senator
from Oregon, [Mr. Williams,] my friend from
Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry,] and the honorable
Senator from Michigan, [xVIr. Howard]—were
of ihe foremost lawyers of this body, i appre-
hend their legal knowledge was not unfavor-
ably affected because they were not members
of tho Committee on the Judiciary.
The Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,]
impressed and convinced that the claimant's
claim was not a good one, wished it sent then
to the Committee on the Judiciary, of which
lie was a member. I opposed that. There
was a discussion, and it was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims, where it
received, as all these gentlemen tell us, and it
is undoubtedly a fact and will so appear, an
exhaustive examination.
But now the claimant comes forward and
makes application to my two honorable friends
from the State of Indiana that they may rise
here and see that justice shall be done him ;
and they rise accordingly, alleging that he has
discovered additional testimony which was not
submitted to that committee, and whereupon
they say that the case shall be submitted now
in propriety to the Judiciary Committee de
novo ; that they shall go over the entirety of
the investigation of this case which involves
piles of manuscripts and books almost incal-
culable. because he desires to submit additional
testimony upon what point? As stated by the
Senators when they undertook to reverse the
standing and unilorm rule of this body the
other day, testimony affecting his possession
of the land in question, not whether the grant
was made by the Mexican Government to Go-
mez under whom he claims; not whether the
land in question is the land upon which this
mine exists; but whether he was in posses-
sion or not. And now the Senators rise, and
for the purpose of taking it out of the hands
of this committee make it out to be a case
involving a question between two private per-
sons, citizens of the United States!
There are two Senators here, Mr. President,
representing to the best of their ability and
capacity the State of California. This claim
is located in that State. Its history is a part
of the history of questions that we have become
necessarily familiar with. The assumption
from the beginning of this controversy seems
to me to be that McGarrahan could not have
justice at our hands, and hence this advocacy
of bis claims out of that State. Well, Mr.
President, I do not think there is any citizen
of that State or of the United States who has
a claim to prefer which has justice for its basis,
or who, for the purpose of ascertaining whether
it has justice for its basis, cannot find advocates
in my colleague and me. Nor do I state this,
sir, for the purpose of confining Mr. McGarra-
han to our support or to our determination of
his case or to our advice. But the Senator
from Indiana last up, [Mr. Hendricks,] when
discussing this matter the other day, said some
things—1 have not the report now before me—
which implied very nearly that such justice as
Mr. McGarrahan was entitled to was not ob-
tainable from us. There was paraded here a
copy of a letter printed for Senators' conven-
ience by Mr. McGarrahan, which contained
my name among others, addressed to the land
department, upon this subject; and another
Senator, while that was before the Senate,
used the language that the "secret"—that was
the word, sir—the secret of the course pur-
sued on this subject might be found in that
paper.
Mr. President, there are no secrets connected
with my action on public affairs. He who
states it, and he who implies it, both imply
and state what is false—that is the word, sir.
Mr. McGarrahan might have had my letters
addressed to the Commissioner of the General
Land Office in his behalf, demanding all the
attention that ho could give him for the pur-
pose of his investigations, printed also and
spread before the Senate, but he did not.
Between these claimants I care not the weight
of the piece of paper that I throw from ray fin-
gers. But, Mr. President, it is a ease involving
a very important question to the people that I
in part represent here. When the American
population went to that State they went and fell
heir to a system of land disposition not pre-
viously known to any extent in our country,
namely, the perfect and imperfect and the sim-
ulated grants made and alleged to have been
made by the Mexican Government to various
parties ; and they had to be examined, investi-
gated, aud determined under laws made and
provided for that purpose. The existence of
these grants prevented settlement upon the
public lands in our State everywhere, and now,
sir, in the twentieth year of the location and
settlement of that State, these questions are
yet impoverishing our State aud harassing our
people. After the exhaustive report, which I
gave attention to if the Senators did not, made
by an able committee of this body, a.£ommittee
than which there is none abler, none iBore hon-
est or painstaking, when Mr. McGarrahan had
not stated to me—and he had access to me
every day and every moment—that he desired
to present additional testimony, was it any wdrM
der that I was in favor of finally disposing of
the case and settling the titles to that land, as I
had favored the settlement of these titles at all
times ?
This, Mr. President, is a case of consequence
to us. It affects us. It is one of hundreds
like it. Hundreds of these grants have been
confirmed and hundreds of simulated ones
have been rejected ; but pending the confirm-
ation and rejection the State has been torn,
disturbed, settlements prevented, industry
checked, investments prohibited; and it has
been our business and our duty—and we have
understood the questions, too, sir—to bring
these controversies to a close as soon as pos-
sible; and hence I joined in a letter asking
that a patent should issue in this case ; but it
was after I had demanded for this claimant
and in his behalf, both on the part of the land
department and the legislative department, all
the investigation that this subject was capable
of having.
So much, sir, for the parade of this letter
which was paraded in connection with disser-
tations upon parliamentary law, mutilated for
the special purposes of the Senate on that
occasion, and which gave the convenience to
Senators of being able to get all that was
known upon parliamentary law upon a single
sheet in place of turning to a volume for that
purpose!
Now, Mr. President, for the present I say,
in conclusion, that I care nothing to what
committee this goes. I will not vote to take
it away from a committee offensively whose
capacity in all respects to investigate is beyond
question. But if it shall go to the Judiciary
Committee of this body, in whom I have the
greatest confidence, I shall be satisfied with
the result of their investigation ; and I have
no doubt, whatever their report shall be, I
shall vote affirmatively for its adoption.
Mr. WILSON. I move 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to say a word
in reply to the Senator from California.
Mr. WILSON. Three or four mornings have
already been occupied with this matter, and we
have had no time to do other business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It would not be very
just if I should not be permitted to make an
explanation after what has been said by the
Senator from California.
Mr. President, the Senator from California
notified us a day or two ago that he was about
to demolish some of us—I could not under-
stand his threat in any other way—and it seems
the effort has been made this morning, I think,
however, without any very great success. I do
not understand myself the extraordinary ex-
citement that seems to prevail on the part of
some gentlemen at this motion. I wish to state
that all I know with regard to this matter is
contained within a very narrow compass. Mr.
McGarrahan—a person entirely unknown to
me—called with another gentleman, with whom
I was acquainted, at my room, and stated to
me the condition of this ease, and handed to me
the report made by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary in the House of Rep-
resentatives and requested that I should read
it. He also handed me a printed copy of the
letter from the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Howard,] and stated the fact that
on the last night of the session, without any
hearing whatever, a motion was made, contrary
to the intimation conveyed in that letter and
without his knowledge, to postpone the bill
indefinitely, and it was so acted upon. He
requested that I would read the report, and if
I thought he had a just cause to be heard before
the Senate that I would sustain the motion to
be made by the Senator from Indiana to give
him a hearing to bring the matter back.
Mr. CONNESS. Let me ask the Senatorat
this point what report he refers to—the House
report or the report of the Senate Committee?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The House report. He
stated also that a report had been made ad-
verse to his claim by the honorable Senator
..from Oregon, tlie chairman of the Committee
on Private Land Claims of the Senate. That
report, however, he did not hand me, and I
did not see it; but I have seen it since and
read it. It appeared to me that he had been
treated—it never occurred to me intentionally
treated—but that on the whole he had been
treated unfairly and had not had what he was
entitled to, a hearing before the Senate of the
United States ; that he had been unwittingly
induced to suppose that the matter would not
be acted upon at that session ; that he would
have an opportunity to obtain more testimony ;
and that without his knowledge this action had
been taken by the Senate, and the consequence
would be, as he stated, unless it was reversed
in some way, that he would lose all claim to
the laud.
Sir, when a man calls upon me from any
section of the country, the Pacific coast or any
other coast, a fellow-citizen, and asks me to
examine a claim of his before the Senate, if
it is in my power to do so I invariably do it.
Cases have occurred in which gentlemen have
