1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
asked me particularly to examine their claims,
and I have done so, and after that examin-
ation have come out and opposed their claims,
being satisfied that they were not well founded.
In this case I told Mr. McGarralian that I
thought he was concluded by the action of the
Senate on the subject. He stated, however,
in reply, that he was instructed otherwise, and
handed me a brief of the authorities which
have since been exhibited, which I examined,
and it seemed to iae that I was mistaken as to
the effect of it; and I told him therefore that
if I remained of that opinion I would support
the motion to be made by the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana, in order to give him a hear-
ing. I formed no opinion whatever upon his
case as to the exact merits of it. I knew noth-
ing about it, and drew no inferences with re-
gard to the action of anybody. I supposed it
had been done unwittingly, and believing that
that was the case, and that he was a fellow-
citizen entitled to redress, I told him that so
far as I was concerned he should have it. That
is my action, sir ; and I care not what gentle-
men choose to say about it on the one side of
this Chamber or the other. It commends it-
self to my judgment and my sense of right,
and I stand by it.
Now, sir, as to the matter of offense by the
honorable Senator from California, it never
occurred to me to cast an imputation upon him
or any other Senator in the transaction.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him whether he did not raise this
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yer, sir; and I am
about to explain how I did it and why.
Mr. CONNESS. And push it toward the
Senator from Oregon?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly I did, and
I had a perfect right to do it; and there was
nothing offensive in it and nothing at which
gentlemen should take offense, Or had a right
to take offense in any way whatever, and I
meant no offense toward anybody in doing it.
There was a letter on my table which was an
illustration of a statement that I made.
Now, let me read a little from that debate to
see what cause the honorable Senator has for
his heat, so far as I am concerned. The hon-
orable Senator from Oregon [Mr. Williams]
was arguing this matter, and what did he say V
I will read a few sentences :
"I havenothingto say about McGarralian or about
his claim at this time. If it ever becomes necessary
to discuss that I may have something to say on that
subject; but I consider it foreign to this discussion.
Under this invariable practice, and in view of the
tact that the bill is now in the possession of the House
ot Representatives that this vote of indefinite post-
ponement has been regarded as a rejection, and that
no motion to reconsider would be in order at this
time, even if the bill was before the Senate, it seems
to me extraordinary that an effort should be made
to subvert the settled practice of the Senate. Mr.
McGUrrahan can introduce another bill—there is no
objection to that—and have the question considered
in the Senate again."
I had understood that the Commissioner of
the Land Office would consider the final dispo-
sition of this question as authorizing him to
issue a patent to other parties, and that a new
bill would therefore do Mr. McGarrahan no
good at all. It was in relation to that that I
interrupted the Senator from Oregon. He had
stated that this particular proceeding was
"extraordinary," in his judgment,
"Mr. Fejssenden. Is there not this objection : it
is perfectly well understood that if this bill is finally
disposed of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office will then issue his patents to other parties,
and that will close the matter. Isnot that the whole
secret?"
What "secret?" The secret of this move-
ment to get this bill back again. No other
secret than that was alluded to in any shape or
form. The Senator from Oregon said that it
was an extrordinary proceeding, and that Mr.
McGarrahan might have another bill intro-
duced. I interposed, and said that that would
afford him no redress, because it was under-
stood that a patent would be issued, and that
was the secret of what seemed to be this ex-
traordinary proceeding. Is there any imputa-
tion on the Senator arising from that statement,
and from the fact that the word "secret" is
used in that connection? Not the slightest in
the world; and nothing but a very sensitive
state of mind could have induced the Senator,
if he had read the whole passage, to come to
any such conclusion. Then the Senator from
Oregon goes on :
"Mr. Williams. I do not know that that is the
case.
" Mr. Fessenden. I am so informed.
# Mr. Williams. I presume the Senator has much
information derived from Mr. McGarrahan that is
not in the possession of myself or others, but be that
as it may, I suppose that if a bill was introduced and
was pending here the Commissioner might be induced
to withhold any patent in reference to these lands
until the bill pending could be determined. I do
not know anything about the proceedings before the
Commissioner one way or the other.
" Mr. Fessenden. Here is a letter laid on the table
addressed fay Senators to the Commissioner, request-
ins patents to be issued. Has the Senatorseen it?
Mr. Williams. I havo not seen it, and kno w noth-
ing about it."
That is the whole of it. Now, sir, when in
support of the information that I had received,
that it was understood that the Commissioner
would, when this bill was disposed of, issue a
patent to the other parties, I produced as evi-
dence a paper lying before me which requested
the Commissioner to at once issue that patent,
was there any impropriety in that? I made no
imputation upon Senators. I had nothing to
do with their motives, nothing to do with their
views. I adduced it as a fact, and I had a
perfect right to do so without being accused of
any disrespect to any Senator. Is there any-
thing in the letter itself that is improper? Is
there anything in the fact that the Senators
made such a communication that is improper?
It did not occur to me that there was. If it
occurs to them that it was a great impropriety,
and that it is an insult to allude to it, that is
their concern, if they choose to put that con-
struction upon it, and not mine. Why Sena-
tors, with regard to a transaction so open, not
a secret, the mere fact that they claimed- that
a patent should be issued in this case, should
consider it an imputation on them that the fact
is adduced in evidence of the conclusion that
the Commissioner intends to or is called upon
to issue a patent in the case is to irie a mys-
tery. I do not understand it. I repeat that I
had no sort of intention of casting any reflec-
tion whatever upon those gentlemen who signed
that paper; but if they choose to take it so it
is their construction of it and not mine.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the discus-
sion this morning is among the surprises of
this whole proceeding. I intended no disre-
spect to the members of the Committee on
Private Land Claims. I have as much respect
for them as for the membersof any other com-
mittee ; and when a member of that committee
rises and in behalf of the committee claims
that the reference of this subject to another
committee would be a disrespect to them it
places me in an embarrassing position, and I
can have but little to say about it.
The Senator from California gives us to un-
derstand this morning that it is a proper sub-
ject for the Committee on Private Land Claims,
because it is a contest between the United
States and Mr. McGarrahan. Thatisanother
new thing. I bad supposed that the contest
was between a mining compauy and Mr. Mc-
Garrahan ; that the United States had no in-
terest in the matter one way or the other; for
it made no difference to the Government which
party it went to. Now, Mr. President, they
have a Committee on Private Land Claims
in the House of Representatives, but this bill
was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary in that body, and in my opinion it prop-
erly belongs to the Committee on the Judiciary
in.this body. I think it went improperly to
the other committee.
But the Senator from California drops an
intimation here that this matter ought to be
referred to the two Senators from California, as
it is a matter of public consideration there.
Mr. CONNESS. He did nothing of the
kind, Mr. President, and the Senator does not
find it in anything I said.
Mr. MORTON. If the Senator disclaims it
of course I retract it.
Mr. CONNESS. I am sure the Senator
does not intend to misrepresent what I said.
Mr. MOK.TON. No, sir; but I so under-
stood him when he referred to both the Sena-
tors from California. I do not understand that
the Senator from California on my left [Mr.
Cole] has taken any distinct ground on this
measure, or is concerned in it one way or the
other ; so his moral support cannot be brought
np on this question.
Now, one word in reply to the Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry.] I said that I
thought he was committed on this question.
Perhaps I ought not to have said that. 1 made
that remark, however, from a conversation I
had had with the Senator. But, sir, if the
Committee on Private Land Claims now say to
the Senate that this bill cannot be referred to
another committee without its being consid-
ered a personal disrespect to themselves, and
as I am the last one to offer personal disrespect
to any honorable committee of this body, I
have nothing further to say. It seemed to me
to be a matter of justice and propriety that it
should go to a new committee, a committee the
members of which were not enlisted by any
feeling or by any controversy or by any labor
upon the one side or the other of this question ;
but if the Committee on Private Land Claims
claim it as a legitimate part of their business
I have no further argument to make.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President, I have not
risen to discuss the question of reference. The
Senator from Connecticut has stated very em-
phatically that if this motion prevails it will
be a reflection on the Committee on Private
Land Ciaims. Now, if I follow the example
set by the honorable Senator from Connecticut
on a former occasion he cannot, blame me.
When the bill from the House of Represent-
atives transferring the Indian Bureau to the
War Department came before this body a
motion was made to refer it to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, where it properly belonged.
The honorable Senator voted against that mo-
tion, and said:
" Mr. Fkrry. I voted against the motion to refer
to the Committee on Indian Affairs because I believo
that if that motion were to prevail it would be fatal
to this bill. Favoiing the bill, I should prefer its
reference to the Committee on Military Affairs."
Now, if I follow the rule laid down by the
honorable Senator in that case I trust he will
not blame me. I have no belief about this
matter. 1 know nothing a.bout this bill, and I
know nothing about the feeling of the com-
mittee toward the bill ; but if I should be led
to believe that its reference to the Committee
on Private Land Claims would have the effect
to kill it or to bury it I might vote for its lefer-
ence to the Committee on the Judiciary under
the rule laid down by my honorable friend
from Connecticut. It seems that it makes a
dilference what committee it is which is to be
reflected upon when a proposed departure from
the rule is made.
Mr. CONNESS. One word, sir—I shall
detain the Senate but a moment—in regard to
the statement made by the Senator from Maine.
What I complain of and did complain of in
the Senator's treatment of this subject as affect-
ing me personally is this: that he exhibited
and used here a paper which was a part of a
garbled correspondence of mine on this whole
subject with the land department that was put
in his hands by an interested party, while I, as
a brother Senator, was near him, might have
been consulted, could have made him under-
stand it in a word, and was not so consulted.
This man who prefers this claim has letters of
mine on record in the land department as much
stronger than that, demanding all the investiga-
tion that his case required at their hands, os
one letter can be over another, and the letter
brought in here and printed by him and used
by the honorable Senator was specially selected
with a view of showing that I had a puipose
of foreclosing him in the case when it, was
written by me or signed by me after I believed
