T04
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
that the case bad been exhaustively considered.
That is all, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It seem8 that the Sen-
ator changes his ground a little; it is now a
want of courtesy.
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir; more than that;
it involves justice.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, I cannot under-
stand what may be in the mind of the Senator,
and I will not undertake to trace it. He must
-satisfy himself on that subject. All I can say
is, it was not put in my hands by Mr. McGar-
rahan. I found it on my desk, and I suppose
a similar paper was placed on the desk of every
Senator. I do not know that it was placed on
my desk for my benefit particularly or any-
body else's specially. I found it here, looked
at it, and in the course of the discussion, to
show what the real difficulty was in the case, I
alluded to it and pointed the attention of the
honorable Senator from Oregon to it. But I
will say that if I had had the slightest idea
that either of the Senators signing that paper
whose names were affixed to it considered it
a transaction improper to be referred to, aud
one that was iu any way tending to cast an
imputation upon them, I should certainly have
taken some other course in regard to it; but
looking at it as a mere fact in the case, 1 ex-
hibited it. I have no- .apology to make for
doing so, and I should do precisely the same
thing under similar circumstances-unless 1 was
led to suspect that there was an impropriety
about the thing itself. But as it did not occur
to me that the Senators had done anything
impro.per, of course I did not suppose I was
affecting them in any way.
Mr. STEWART. I justify it. I take all the
responsibility.
Mr. CONNESS. One word, and I dismiss
this matter so far as 1 am concerned. I did
not rise as a candidate for the approbation of
my friend from Maine. His affirmation of my
integrity here I did not seek at all. I said
what I thought I had a right to say because of
what I regarded as an oflense by him, and 1 am
willing to let it rest.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, the morn-
ing hour has expired.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour has expired, and the order of the day
is regularly before the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator from
Nevada will let us takeavote on thisquestion,
so that we may have an opportunity to do some-
thing else this session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no ob-
jection be made the question will be put on the
reference of the bill.
Mr. CONNESS. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. CORBETT. T merely wish to say that
as the Senate decided in the former case re-
ferred to by my frifcnd from Nebraska to refer
that bill to the appropriate committee—the
Committee on Indian Affairs—when another
committee sought to take jurisdiction, I think
it is due to the Committee on Private Land
Claims that this case should be referred to that
committee, which I believo is the proper and
appropriate committee for its consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion i.s on the motion to refer the bill and ac-
companying papers to the Committee on the
Judiciary, upon which question the yeas and
nays are called for.
Mr. CONNESS. I withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to refer the bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the motion to refer the bill to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. MORTON. In view of the ground it
has been put upon this morning by the Sena-
tor from Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry,] I with-
draw any further application to refer the case
to the Committee on the Judiciary. He puts
it on a ground that, I cannot answer.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion for reference to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the regular
order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to make
a report.
Mr. POMEROY. I have some petitions to
present.
Mr. STEWART. I will give way for morn-
ing business merely if that be the sense of the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair,
if there be no objection, will receive petitions
and reports and other morning business.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of cit-
izens of Maine, a petition of citizens of Massa-
chusetts, a petition of citizens of New York,
a petition of citizens of Pennsylvania, a peti-
tion of citizens of Ohio, a petition of citizens
of Michigan, a petition of citizens of Illinois,
a petition of citizens of Iowa, and a petition
of citizens of Missouri, praying that the right
of suffrage be extended to women; which
were referred to the Committee on the J udi-
ciary.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Minnesota, praying the establishment
of a mail route from Hutchinson, via Cedar
Mills, to Grauite Falls; a petition of citizens
of Minnesota, praying the establishment of a
mail route from Lynde, in Minnesota, to Sioux
City, Dakota; and a petition of citizens of
Minnesota, praying the establishment of a mail
route from Ottertail City to the White Earth
reservation in that State ; which were referred
to the Committee oil Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. VICKERS presented a petition of citi-
zens of Maryland, praying the establishment of
a light-house at Lone Point and for the deep-
ening of the harbor at Queenstown, near the
mouth of Chester river; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HARLAN presented the memorial of
the representatives of the religious society of
Friends, praying that measures be taken to
establish permanent relations of peace and
good-will with the Indians ; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of James
W. Long, brevet major United States Army,
praying to be reimbursed for moneys paid out
by him while engaged in the recruiting ser-
vice; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented the memorial
of the Legislature of Wisconsinin, relation to
the improvement of the navigation of the Fox
and Wisconsin rivers; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. FOWLER,
Ordered, That Charles C. Neai havo leave to with-
draw his petition and papers from the files of the
Senate.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Committee
on Appropriations, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 1570) making appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic expenses of
the Government for the year ending June 30,
1870, and for other purposes, have instructed
me to report it back with amendments. While
I am up I desire to say that to-morrow at one
o'clock I shall ask the Senate to allow me to
proceed to the consideration of certain appro-
priation bills which have been reported by the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. MORTON. The Committee on Rep-
resentative Reform, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 209) proposing an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, have directed me to report it back with-
out amendment. I will state that the report
is unanimous.
Mr. CHANDLER. I gave notice yesterday
that I should try to bring up the river and bar-
bor bill to-day. I ask now if a motion to post-
pone the pending order of business for the
purpose of proceeding to the consideration of
that bill would be in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in
order to move to postpone the order of the day
for the purpose of taking up other business.
Mr. ST JO WART. I hope that will not be
done.
Mr. MORTON. I have another report to
submit yet.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive the report.
Mr. MORTON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 661)for the relief of Lieutenant Col-
onel John W. Davidson, of the United States
Army, reported it without amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. In reference to the report
just made, I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to pass that little bill, which is
simply refunding to an officer of the Army
$218 25 stolen from him in 1847 in California.
The money was stolen by soldiers, and he made
it good to the Treasury, and this bill is simply
to refund it to him. The committee report in
favor of it.
Mr. STEW1ART. The Senator from Con-
necticut [Mr. Dixon] is entitled to the floor
on the order of the day, and he objects to my
yielding it. He is not willing to yield the floor
for anything except etieh morning business as
has not yet been received. He is willing to
yield to allow reports of committees to be
made and bills to be introduced, but no further.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
of the day is regularly before the Senate. It
has not been postponed, and nothing else is
in order unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator from Con-
necticut declines to yield the floor to a motion.
He is willing to allow morning business to be
received, and the moment that is through with
he desires to take the floor at once. It is
merely by his courtesy that this morning busi-
ness is now being allowed to be received.
Mr. DRAKE. I withdraw the request.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. G97) granting lands to the States of
Wisconsin and Michigan to aid in the construc-
tion of the Wisconsin and Lake Superior rail-
road and its branch, reported in favor of the
indefinite postponement of the bill; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. R. No. 707) to regu-
late the disposition of lands that may be here-
after granted to aid in the construction of
railways, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 717) to amend an
act entitled " An act to aid in the construction
of certain railroads in the State of Wiscon-
sin," approved Mayo, 1864, reported adversely
thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 796) making a
grant of land to the State of Minnesota to aid
in securing the navigation of the Mississippi
riverimmediately above the fallsof St. Anthony,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 748) to amend an act entitled " An act
to restrict the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims,
and (brother purposes," approved July4,1864,
reported adversely thereon, and moved its in-
definite postponement; whi.ch was agreed to.
He also, irom the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 813) to extend the
jurisdiction of the Court of Claims, reported
adversely thereon, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1439) authoriz-
ing the remission of penalties in certain cases,
reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 724) to declare
the meaning of the first section of an act en-
