706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
/
country in their present condition of mind are
ready to relinquish the power in the States of
regulating their own laws with regard to suf-
frage ; and if it should so prove, and the result
should show that your own Slate (Ohio) and
my State, (Connecticut,) having once or twice
voted against extending the right of suffrage
to the negro race, shouid now consent that a
ceniral power should regulate that question,
and should do this voluntarily and freely, never-
theless they would by that action lose their
character as republican governments. And,
sir, that is the reason why it was that in the
formation of the Constitution of the United
States there was an entire neglect to iuteifere
in the slightest degree with the question of suf-
frage in the several States. Look through the
Constitution as it was formed, arid you find no
allusion whatever to the question of suffrage,
except by reference to existing laws and quali-
fications in the then existing States. And why
was that? We are not left in the dark upon
that question. Was it because suffrage was not
considered an important question ? Was it not
deemed of sufficient importance for the con-
vention to consider and consult upon? We
find, sir, that there were many propositions in
the Convention which framed the Constitution
of the United States to interfere with suffrage
in the States. In the first place it was proposed
to apply a variety of restrictions, among others
a freehold qualification. I will barely refer,
without tiring the Senate with a long reference
upon that question, to what was said by Mr.
Ellsworth, of Connecticut, on that subject:
" Mr. Ellsworth thought the qualifications of tho
doctors stood on tho most proper looting."
That is, without being interfered with by the
Constitution.
"Tho right of suffrago was a tender point, and
strongly guarded by most of tho State constitutions.
Tht' people will not readily subscribe tb tho national
Constitution if it should subject them to bo disfran-
chised."
And added:
" The States are fho best judgos of the circum-
stances and temper of their own people."
Thus, sir, Mr. Ellsworth was of opinion that
the Slates being sovereign republics should be
left to control and regulate that matter accord-
ing to their own discretion.
We find that the question of suffrage and the
interference of the General Government there-
with in the States was fully discussed in the Fed-
eralist by iMr. Madison and Mr. Hamilton. Mr.
Madison, in No. 52 of the Federalist, writes as
follows:
" The first view to bo taken of this part of tho Gov-
ernment relates to the aualiflcations of the electors
and tho elected.
" Those of the former are to be the samewifh those
of the electors of the must numerous branch of tho
State Legislatures. Tho definition of Ihe right of
suffrage is very justly regarded as a fundamental
article of republican government. It was ineum-
bent on the Convention therefore to define and' stab-
lish this right in the Constitution. To havo left it
opon for the occasional regulation of tho Congress
would have been improper for the roason just men-
tioned. To havo submiitcd it to the legislative dis-
cretion of the States would have been improper for
the same reason ; and for tho additional roason that
It would have rendered too dependent on the State
governments that branch of the Federal Government
which ought to be dependent on the people alone,
lo havo reductd the different qualifications in the
different States to one uniform rule would probably
have been as dissatisfactory to some of the States as it
would, have been difficult to the Convention. The
provision uiade by tho Convention appears, there-
lore, to bu tho best that lay within their option. It
must ho satisfactory to every State, beeauseit is con-
lonnable tothestandard already established.orwhich
may bu established by the State itself."
I read this from page 226 of the edition of
the Federalist 1 hold in my hand, that of 1831.
On page 236, in N,o. 54, Mr. Madison says
further:
"It is a fundamental principle of the proposed
constitution that as the aggregate number of Repre-
sentatives allotted to tho several States is to be de-
termined byaBVderal rule, founded on the aggre",ite
number of inhabitants, so the right of choosing"t'his
allotted number in each Stato is to bo exercised by
such part of the inhabitants as the State itself may
designate. The qualifications on which the right of
Suffrage depend are not perhaps the same in any two
States: In some of tho States the difference is very
material."
So far Mr. Madison. In No. 59, written by
Alexander Hamilton, at page 255 of the same
volume, I find the following words:
"Suppose an article had been introduced into the
Constitution empowering the United States to regu-
late the elections for the particular States, would
any man have hesitated to condemn it both as an
unwarrantable transposition of power, and as a
premediated engine for the destruction of the State
governments?"
That was the objection taken by Alexander
Hamilton to the interference of the General
Government in State elections except so far
as was necessary to protect the very existence
of the national Government, which required
that the national Government should have
power to interfere in the choice of Represent-
atives and Senators as to the time, place, and
manner of choosing them, leaving the question
of the qualifications of the electors wholly to
the States. He says :
"The violation of principle in this case required
no comment."
What was the principle that would have been
violated ? It was the principle that an inde-
pendent republic must necessarily control the
question of suffrage in its own elections. This
lies at the very foundation of all government,
and it is therefore wholly impossible for any
State to be an independentrepublicoran inde-
pendent government in which the right of suf-
frage is controlled by an external power,
whether by the consent of that State or against
its consent. For that reason when it is pro-
posed to amend the Constitution of the United
Slates in this respect it is very questionable
whether it is not an amendment which subverts
the whole foundation and principle of the Gov-
ernment. Suppose an amendment were offered
here to-day proposing that this Government,
instead of being a Republic, should be a mon-
archy ; suppose it were proposed to strike out
the clause of the Constitution guarantying a
republican form of government to each State,
and instead of that to insert a guarantee of a
monatchy to each State. I do not know that
this amendment would not be within the power
of Congress to propose. The Constitution pro-
vides that Congress may propose such amend-
ments as in its own judgment it shall think best
and proper. If a proposition of that kind were
made it is very true it might be objected "this
goes to the foundation of your Government;
this is not amendment; it is revolution, it is
subversion." Can that not be said in this
instance? Is the proposed amendment any
more a fair carrying oat of the intendment of
the Constitution when it provides for its own
amendment than it would be if it proposed
directly to subvert the form of government, if
it be true that the right of exercising and con-
trolling the power of suffrage must necessarily
exist, in a State or it ceases to be a Republic?
Sir, when we view the question in this light
it must be acknowledged that it rises far above
the question of any mere detail as to suffrage;
far higher in importance than the question
even of abolishing slavery in the States ; far
higher than any proposition which has ever
been made with regatd to the amendment of
the Constitution, because it is in its truest
sense radical and revolutionary. It strikes at
the very root and foundation of the Govern-
ment ; It removes its coiner stone, and changes
the entire character of f lie State governments.
Nor does it relieve this difficulty at all to
say that the interference is not by this amend-
ment perfect and complete; that some shadow
of liberty is left to the States to control their
own suffrage laws. The pioposition submitted
by the Committee on the Judiciary provides
that no restriction on the right of suffrage
shall be made by a State on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude. It
may be said that in all other respects the State
is left free to prescribe its own restrictions.
The first answer to that is that when you once
begin to interfere with the right of a State to
regulate for itself independently the question
of what shall be the qualifications of the voter,
you abandon the whole principle, it is not
necessary to utterly subvert the power of the
I State in this respect and make it wholly de-
pendent upon a foreign—and when I nse the
word "foreign," I mean merely external—■
power outside of itself. But, sir, in this case
it so happens that the verv question upon which
the public mind has mainly been agitated is
the question of the extension of the right of
suffrage in respect to race and color—1 should
say, perhaps, mainly with respect to race. I
do not acknowledge that in the State of Con-
necticut any man is disfranchised merely on
account of his color, although the word "white"
is used in the Constitution. It is precisely as
if it had been said, " none shall vote hut those
of the white race." That this is so shown by
the fact that it excludes negroes and Indians.
Certainly the Indian patriarch who once lived
in the neighborhood of Norwich had as good a
natural right to vote as any imported African,
but in the State of Connecticut the right has
always been claimed and exercised entirely to
control the Indian race ; to keep them in a state
of tutelage ; to refuse them even the power of
making a contract, much more the power
of governing the State. It was a question of
race; it was not merely a question of color.
Although it may be said that in this caso the
intention is not entirely to deprive the various
States of the right to control their own suffrage
laws, it so happens that in some of* those States
most interested, as, for example, the State of
Ohio and the State of Connecticut, this is the
very question. It is therefore a subterfuge and
an evasion to say, " We do not interfere in any
other respect," when there is no other respect
in which it is possible to interfere, or in regard
to which anybody ever proposed to interfere.
Having, as I think, shown the importance
of this question, and that it is not merely a
question of the qualification of voters, that it
is in no sense a mere party question, that it is
a question to which a statesman may well apply
the best powers of his mind, I think 1 am sate
in saying that a question of that importance,
one so vital to the life and actual being and
existence of the State governments, ought to
be submitted to the people themselves for their
action and decision.
It has been said that the proposition is to
deprive the people of the respective States
of this power of controlling the right of suf-
frage within their own limits by their own
consent, and that therefore their rights are
not interfered with. How by their consent?
Technically or in fact? I admit that tech-
nically this question is proposed to be sub-
mitted to the people of this country, but is
it in point of fact? Is there any real sub-
mission? I beg leave, Mr. President, with all
respect, to take your own State as an example,
for it so happens that in consequence of the
peculiar political character of that State at this
moment, the present Legislature of Ohio, if
this question were submitted to them, would
not perhaps agree with your own sentiment on
the subject or with that of a majority of the
Congress of the United States. Would it be
fair to submit a question of this character to
the present Legislature of the State of Ohio?
You would not think so if every Legislature
had the same sentiments and had been elected
a year and a half ago, and was still in exist-
ence. I ask any Senator whether it could be
said that a Legislature with those sentiments
thus elected upon other issues was a fair tribunal
to express the sentiments of the people of that
State upon a question of this character? It so
happens that m other States the members of
the Legislature entertain different views. They
also were chosen without direct reference to
this question. It may even be said that the
Legislature of the State of Ohio was chosen
with more reference to this question than the
Legislatures of other States, because when that
Legislature was chosen the question of colored
suffrage was pending before the people of the
State, and the people actually voted down the
proposition by a majority of nearly fifty thou-
sand votes. But notwithstanding thut fact,
which shows that the subject was under con-
sideration, I still say that 1 cannot as a Sena-
tor declare that I believe it would be fair to
