720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
ute indians.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, submitting to Congress an estimate
of the appropriation required to defray ex-
penses incurred in negotiating a treaty with
the Ute Indians; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
MAUJ1EE BAY SHIP-CANAL.
The SPEAKER ako laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in compliance with the resolu-
tion of the House of the 6th instant, the report
of General Cram, of the engineer corps, upon
the proposed ship-canal through Maurnee bay
to Lake Brie.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move that this
communication be referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
ltBCUSANX WITNESS HENRY JOHNSON,
The House resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, pending at the close of
the afternoon session of yesterday:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms of tbisllouse
bo, and the same is hereby, directed to arrest and
bring before this House Henry Johnson, to answer
as for a contempt in refusing to appear before the
committee of this House appointed to investigate
alleged frauds in the late election m the State of
New York in pursuance of a subpena duly issued and
served on said Johnson on the 13th of January, re-
quiring him to appearand testify before said com-
miuoe on that day ; and that a warrant bo issued by
thjrSpeaker of this House to the Sergeant-at Arms,
commanding him or his special messenger to arrest
/lid Johnson and bring him before this House ac-
cordingly, and to abide the Older and judgment of
' this House.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
upon seconding the call for tue previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not know who this
Johnson is. I wish the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Lawrexce] would state to the House
some reasons for this resolution.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I hold in my
hand the original subpena which was served
upon Henry Johnson on the 13th of January,
1809, requiring him to appear before the com-
mittee charged with the investigation ofalleged
election frauds in the State and city of New
York, at the rooms where they were sitting at
the time in the city of New York. He failed
and refused to attend. I am advised that he is
a material witness ; so material that the com-
mittee have deemed it proper to direct me to
report this resolution, and in order that he may
be brought before the House to answer for con-
tempt in refusing to appear and testify before
that committee.
Mr. BROOKS. Is the gentleman from Ohio
sure that there is such a person as Henry
Johnson?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Yes, sir. The
Sergeant-at-Arms has made a return that he
served the subpena upon that person.
Mr. BROOKS, There are so many " tricks
upon travelers" perpetrated in New York that
sometimes persons assume names to which
they are not. entitled.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Thewitnessis
well known in New York. He is not a myth
oroneof the political friends of the gentleman
■who vote under assumed names.
Mr. WOOD. I think the House ought to
adopt this resolution unanimously, and grant
the request of the committee.
Mr. ROSS. I would inquire of the gentle-
man why we should select this particular indi-
vidual out of the great number who neglected
to respond to the process of the committee?
There were I think fifteen or twenty witnesses
Rubpenaed upon my motion who didnot attend,
and among them was a telegraph operator by
whom 1 proposed to show that Colonel Wood
had sent word to a man named Noble, living
at Elmira, to come down and work up the ease
for the committee. But I was not able to pro-
cure the attendance of those witnesses, and I
should be glad if the chairman would I'nrnish
us will) some process by which we may be able
to prove these frauds which were perpetrated
and attempted to be perpetrated by the Repub-
lican party upon the elective franchise in the
State oi New York.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The inquiry of
my colleague on the committee [Mr. Ross] is
perfectly proper. There were quite a number
of witnesses who refused to obe-y the process
issued requiring their attendance before the
committee; and the House of course under-
stands very well that the committee, as such,
had no power to compel their attendance. We
have selected this case and one or two others
because the witnesses are deemed very mate-
rial ; and we propose that they shall be brought
to the bar- of the House not only that they may
answer for their contempt, but that we may pro-
cure their testimony.
As to the particular case alluded to by my
colleague on the committee, he ought, I think,
in fairness to state that when this subject was
before'the committee I said to him, as did other
members of the committee, that if he desired
that the telegraph operator to whom he has
referred should be brought before the House
to answer for contempt the committee would
make an order directing a resolution to be pre-
sented for that purpose. This operator who
was served with process did not come before
the committee, but made an answer that it was
impossible for him to furnish the testimony de-
sired by the gentleman from Illinois. We issued
process for his attendance, and that was all the
committee could do. If the gentleman from
Illinois will say now that heregardstbat witness
as material I will call the committee together,
and I think I can assure him and the House
that the committee will agree to report a res-
olution requiring that this witness shall be
brought before the House. But the gentleman
did not ask that any such resolution should be
reported in that particular case, and the com-
mittee have selected for the action now pro-
posed the cases of those witnesses only whom
they deem the most material, because it would
not be practicable during the brief period left
for this Congress to deal with all the refractory
witnesses—all the witnesses who refused to
appear before the committee in answer to sub-
penas sent out for them.
Mr. ROSS. I should be very glad if the
chairman of the committee would insert in this
resolution the name of that telegraph operator,
and require him to produce the telegram from
Colonel Wood to Mr. Noble, of Elmira. ask-
ing him to come down and engage in working
up the ease.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I have no
authority to agree to any amendment, because
this resolution comes from the committee ; but
I say to the gentleman now that I will call the
committee together at any time he desires to
take into consideration the case of any refrac-
tory witnesses whom he may wish to bring
before us.
I ought, perhaps, to make a single additional
remark. The gentleman has said, as I under-
stood him, that he desired to take some proof
as to -Republican frauds in the city of New
York. I am not surprised that he desires such
proof. No such proof has yet been made
before the committee. If there have been
frauds of that character I should be glad to
have them proved, because this committee was
charged with the dutytif investigating frauds
irrespective of party; and the amplest oppor-
tunity has been given to the minority of the
committee and to all interested to present
proof of frauds of every description.
Mr. ROSS. 1 did not suppose ray colleague
on the committee would give a statement of
all the testimony that we have had before us.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. No, sir; I
state nothing as to the testimony before the
committee.
Mr. ROSS. So far from it being the fact
that no Republican frauds have been proved,
my recollection is that such frauds have been
proved very largely, and that there were twenty
or thirty witnesses waiting to prove that they
had "repeated" for the Republican party m
New_ York, when the committee decided to
receive no more of that class of testimony.
Mr. LAWRENCE, o( Ohio, i yield to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerb.]
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I think it my
duty, after the remarks of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence,] my colleague on the
committee, to say to the House that according
to my recollection, in wiiieh I am as clear as
it is possible for a man to be, the statement
which he has just made in reference to there
being no proof ot fraud practiced in the late
election in New York by the Republican party
or any of their agents or friends is not true.
The very contrary is true, most emphatically
true. I am surprised, Mr. Speaker, to have
heard such a statement from colleague ; and I
submit further that it was uncalled for by any-
thing which has transpired in connection with
his resolution.
I make no objection to that resolution, pro-
vided only that it has for its object the eliciting
of some evidence which is material to the in-
vestigation intrusted to the committee. But
if it is intended, as I believe it is, to develop
some cumulative testimony on points upon which
this committee have already spent weeks of
investigation, but which will add no new mate-
rial fact to anything already developed, then I
do submit, Mr. Speaker, that it is uncalled for
now; that it is unnecessary; that it is-ouly
creating additional expense by prolonging the
examination ; and that the House ought not
to make this order. I understand—I believe
1 violate no rule of propriety when 1 say it—
that it is the desire of the majority of the com-
mittee to send for this particular witness to
testify on the subject of repeating at the late
election. If I am wrong in that 1 jbope my
colleague will correct me.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The gentleman
is wrong.
Mr. KERR. Then I have to withdraw what
I have said on that point. I must say, then, I
think it becomes the duty of the chairman of
the committee to state to the House on what
inateiial part of this investigation it is that this
witness is expected to testify, in order that we
may know whether it is our duty to consent to
the adoption of this resolution or not. I ask
my colleague whether the testimony expected
to be elicited from this witness relates to the
irregularities in the business of naturalization,
or what is called repeating, in connection with
this investigation.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I will say to
my colleague on the committee that this wit-
ness was not summoned to prove anything in
relation to repeating at all. He was summoned,
as I understand it, to prove that two Demo-
cratic poll clerks put upon a poll-list a large
number of names as voters who never appeared
and voted at all This testimony therefore is
not cumulative, but it is independent. It is to
furnish evidence of a new species of fraud
entirely.
I wish to say further that the remark which
I made in relation to frauds by the Republican
party was made in reply to my colleague on'
the committee, [Mr. Ross.] Whether 1 am
correct or my colleague from Indiana [Mr.
Kerr] is correct is a matter that will be ascer-
tained from the proof when it is printed. I do
not desire now to go into a discussion of that
subject.
Mr. KERR. I desire to say just one word
in reply to what my colleague has said. I
heartily concur in his last remark, that that
matter should be properly submitted to the
House after all the evidence is reported. It
is not a proper subject of wrangling between
us now.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Not at all.
Mr. KERR. But I want to say this : that
the gentleman should do me the justice now
to say that he has never hitherto stated to the
minority of the committee why he desired to
call this witness here at all, although on sev-
eral occasions I asked him this very question in
the committee-room. But now, since he has
stated the reason why he wants to call the
