THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
laws, because that would abridge the right of
suffrage to whoever was deprived of his vote
by non-registration.
The SPE AKER. The gentleman's five min-
utes have expired.
Mr. BOUTWELL, I yield three minutes
more to my colleague.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
what I desire to call to the attention of the
House. If the meaning of the amendment is
to confer the equal exercise of the right of
suffrage to all men beyond the power of the
States to make equal prohibition upon that
right, that is, one applying to all men, then they
may not put on a registry qualification applica-
ble to all men, but denying the right to the men
registered or any educational tests. If the
amendment does mean that there shall be an
equal prohibition under any form, then they
cannot adopt any registry law. There is the
difficulty. Suppose, for instance, a State should
say that no man who does not reside in the
town six months shall vote, or in the country
for one year, or in the ward five months, or
anything that would operate to restrain some
man from voting, that would be to put on an
equal restriction. So when it is provided that
no man shall vote who is not registered, is not
that prohibiting men from voting who are free
and twenty-one years of age, and would not a
registry law under this amendment be uncon-
stitutional?
Now, Mr. Speaker, I think we had better
stand by the proposition of the committee, and
apply the amendment precisely where the great
trouble and the great disgrace of the country
is at present; and that is, that we shall remove
the disfranchisement of every man who is
deprived of his right because he has not a skin
of the color of our own. Let us take away that
power of disfranchisement by the States by
constitutional amendment; and when every
man, white or black, all the country shall have
and exercise the full privilege of expressing
any sentiment he pleases, and acting as he
pleases, when within the bounds of propriety :
when we shall have that peace, security, and
safety, I shall be ready to relbve everybody
from all disabilities because of rebellion, but
not until then.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I now yield for five
minutes to the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. PILE. I had intended, sir, to say
something in reference to the bill before the
House, and mainly to argue this proposition,
namely : that primarily, as stated by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, it was intended by
the framers of the Constitution to leave with
the States the right to control the question of
suffrage and fix the time and manner of hold-
ing election ; but theyalso intended, andthought
that they did, at the same time reserve to the
Congress of the United States the right to
exercise a supervisory power over the whole
of this question. That is to say, that so long
as in the judgment of Congress the States pre-
scribed just and equal limitations, restrictions,
and regulations upon suffrage within their sev-
eral territories there was no necessity for the
intervention of the General Government; but
that whenever in the judgment and conscience
of Congress any State imposed any unequal,
unjust, tyrannical, or oppressive conditions or
limitations it was the right and duty of Con-
gress to intervene and apply the corrective.
But, sir, I have not the time to enter at any
length into an argument on that position.
I desire to say a word in regard to the pro-
posed constitutional amendment, and first in
reference to its form. It is difficult by any
language to provide against every imaginary
wrong or evil which may arise in the adminis-
tration of the law of suffrage in the several
States. What we desire to reach substantially,
as I understand it, is first to countervene and
deny the principle that the States have the right
absolutelv to control the question of suffrage ;
and secondly to insure by constitutional enact-
ment, embodied in the fundamental law of the
land, the right of suffrage to that race of people
who have suffered so many wrongs at our hands,
and to whom we owe a debt of gratitude for their
fidelity in our hour of strife and^difficulty.
Whatever secures substantially this result is
satisfactory to me. The proposition 'of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] differs
from all the others, in that it proposes to re-
stpre suffrage to those disfranchised for parti-
cipation in the rebellion.
Now, sir, while I would hesitate to support
such--a measure if it applied only to my own
State, and while I have some doubt as to
whether the time has come for the enfranchise-
ment of all the rebels, yet it is well to remember
that this condition of things canfcot be per-
petual. The disfranchisement of any class of
men must lead to friction and agitation, must
keep up strife and contention.
It is well to bear in mind also that the large
mass of those who were engaged in the rebel-
lion have been enfranchised in the States of
the South, and that only a small number, some
thirty or forty thousand, have been disfran-
chised under our reconstruction laws. I do not
think there is the danger apprehended by many
in restoring this thirty or forty thousand to suf-
frage when the million and more who waged
war against the Government already vote. I
believe that we will secure th^t political rest
and quiet and peace and restoration to busi-
ness so much desired only when we shall have
given the ballot to the emancipated slave and
to the subdued and conquered rebel. It may
be wisest to give it to the negro first. It may
be that we cannot now extend it to all rebels,
but to that we must come at last, and every
consideration of interest and enlightened
statesmanship prompt us to reach that result as
speedily as we can with safety. And, sir, I am
not certain but it would be wise to let the dis-
franchisement of slavery and treason sleep in
one common grave, and that justice to the
colored man and mercy to the remaining dis-
franchised rebels would not be now the safest
and speediest road to absolute peace.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. Van Hobs, of Missouri, and Mr. Ham-
ilton, by unanimous consent, were granted
leave to print their remarks as part of the
debate. [See Appendix.]
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, this debate
"has demonstrated two facts : one is, there is a
very general agreement that it is desirable to
submit an amendment to the Constitution, and
the other is, that there is a very great differ-
ence of opinion as to the details of the amend-
ment.
I have promised my friend from Pennsyl-
vania to yield to him, and I now do so.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, whether
the five million colored population of the
United States should lie excluded from all par-
ticipation in the elective franchise is not, in
my opinion, an open question. It has been
debated in these halls and before the country
for four or five years. In different ways, di-
rectly or indirectly, it has been carried into
all the recent elections, and the " white man's
Government'' dogma has always been rejected.
The time of enfranchisement and the man-
ner of enfranchisement, I will admit, are un-
settled questions, but the underlying principle
of universal suffrage has been approved oyer
and over again. How stands the question
practically to-day? Why, colored men vote
in twenty-two States of the Union, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and in all the Territories.
In Nebraska, Iowa, Minnesota, Wisconsin, in
five of the New England States, and in all the
late confederate States, eleven in number,
there is no restriction. In New York they
vote upon a property qualification, and in
Ohio, by the decision of a Democratic court,
upon admixture of blood. _
Mr. MUNGBN. I want to say that this is
not a Democratic decision.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I understand the decision
was originally made by a Democratic bench.
There are now left only fifteen States where
the ballot is still withheld from men of color.
It is not withheld there, because a majority of
the people condemn the principle, bttt becanse
they did not consider that the opportune time
for action had arrived, or because they had not
yet agreed upon the extent and mode of en-
fran chisement. Enfranchisement has been com-
ing along piecemeal very much as emancipation
came. Slavery was first abolished in the District,
then in portions of the insurrectionary States,
bif Mr. Lincoln's proclamation, thenin Missouri,
West Virginia, Maryland, and Tennessee, and
finally, by the thirteenth amendment of the
Constitution, the institution itself, with all its
cruelties, crimes, and blood, was buried out
of sight of the Christian world forever. En-
franchisement has followed slowly but steadily.
State after State, as time and opportunity and
public sentiment would admit, has given its
assent to the doctrine of universal suffrage,
until, as I said, in twenty States, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and all the Territories, there
is 110 exclusion 011 account of color. We pro-
pose now to give the people an opportunity
to consider whether the time has not at last
arrived when it is safe to put the great words
of the Declaration of Independence in the
Constitution itself. We are told that some of
the States are not yet reedy; that Connec-
ticut, Ohio, Michigan, Missouri, and Kansas
have so declared. That is not conclusive;
Connecticut acted several years ago, and the
majority was not large. The State would not
have given its consent to emancipation a few
years prior to that. In Ohio the question was
coupled with the disfranchisement of deserters,
and could not be decided upon its own merits.
In Michigan it was buried beneath the weight
of an unpopular constitution, of which it was
only a single section. In Kansas it was sub-
mitted with another question not yet ripe for
action. It was voted down in all of these
States, not, as I believe, because the people
condemned it in the abstract, but because they
thought it premature, or because they found it
allied with some other undesirable measure.
I believe they would all approve it next year
in the form we propose to present it; at least
they could not take offense because they arc
asked for "the sober second thought."
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
proposes to attach to this proposition which
has been debated and considered, and as I be-
lieve substantially approved by the people, an
undeserved and almost unsolicited act of grace
to the cruel men, who for four years drenched
the land with blood, and whose implacable hate
still pursues the unforgiven Unionist with per-
secution, banishment, and murder. If we can-
not send out for the people's consideration this
little boon, I should rather say this act of jus-
tice, too long withheld for the faithful but
humble friends of the Union, without again put-
ting the elective power of the country in the
hands of men who so lately foreswore and be-
trayed it, we had better not act at all. Both
propositio ns would thus be defeated. If the
gentleman thinks his proposition is so popular,
let him try it by itself. There is no gentleman
in the House to whom I listen with more pleas-
ure than to my valued friend. He illustrates ,
whatever he discusses. But even ho cannot
persuade the peojjle to again confide in men
who broke both fealty and oath in order to
betray and destroy the country. Their for-
feited lives and estates have been restored.
Let them enjoy them. I shall not trouble my-
self to give back to tliem their old mastery.at
the polls.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I wish to state to.'i e
House the condition of the question and what
I propose to submit to the House in the way
of changing the amendment as reported by the
committee. The discussion in the House on
the amendment submitted by the two gentle-
men from Ohio [Mr. Bingham and Mr.-tjhel-
labarger] has led me to suppose that some
amendment to the report of the committee may
be expedient, and I will state the amendment
that I shall submit for the action of the House
when the time arrives.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
