130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
. He also presented the petition of .Charles E.
Pate, of Georgia, praying that protection may
be extended to the Union men of that State ;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary-
Mr. SHERMAN presented the memorial
of the Chamber of Commerce of Cincinnati,
Ohio, remonstrating against the proposed ex-
tension of the fifty per cent, provision of the
bankrupt law; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
the District of Columbia, praying the passage
of the bill to incorporate the Industrial Home
School Association of the Distriet; which was
referred to the Committee on tie District of
Columbia.
Mr. HOWE. I desire to present a memorial
from the Legislature of Wisconsin, in aid of
another memorial which has already been pre-
sented from the convention held at Prairie du
Chien, in Wisconsin, in aid of the improve-
ment of the Wisconsin river. I move that
this memorial he printed, together with the
memorial of that convention, and that these
memorials be referred to the Committee on
Commerce. -
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
so referred and the order to print will be en-
tered, if there be no objection.
Mr. DRAKE presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Missouri, in favor of a continu-
ance of the aid originally granted for the con-
struction of the central branch of the Union
Pacific railroad; which were referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of citi-
zens and merchants of Boston, praying that a
reciprocity treaty may be made between the
U riited States and the Dominion of Canada and
the BritishProvincesin North America; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the proceedings
of the Republican executive committee of Fred-
ericksburg, Virginia, being in the nature of a
petition addressed to Congress, in which they
represent that the Union people of that city,
county, and State look with great alarm upon
the efforts of the rebel element of the State of
Virginia to induce Congrsss to strike out the
disfranchising clause in the proposed consti-
tution of the State to remove the disabilities of
the present State, city, and county officers; and
they proceed to assign their reasons against
any such action, and protest against it. I move
the reference of this petition to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. I have been requested to
present resolutions of the Chamber of Com-
merce of the State of New York, on the sub-
ject of the national finances, in which they
resolve—
" That the following pi an be recommended to Con-
gress as a basis of action for the permanent settle-
ment of our national finances:
"1. Declare that when the debt is paid it shall be
paid m oom.
"2. Legalize gold contracts.
"3. Introduce the strictest economy .in every de-
partment of the Government.
"4, Il<.'fusc all subsidies and unnecessary appro-
priations.
"5. See that the revenues are economically, ener-
getically, and honestly collected.
"6. Use all the surplus revenue in reducing the
debt.
,," m Take away all the power of the Secretary of
t as:u! y money plentiful or scarce.
8. Let the people understand that while they need
not lear rapid contraction, it will be dangerous to
rely upon indefinite suspension.
"9. Contract tho currency moderately the first
year; next year determine whether the country will
bear a more rapid contraction.
" 10. Reduce the taxes so as to leave only surplus
revenue sufficient to pay off annually a reasonable
amount of the debt.
"11. Resume spccie payments as soon as a rigid
adherence to tho above policymakesitsafetodoso."
I move the reference of these resolutions to
the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN also presented the petition
of Matthew Callaghan, praying for compensa-
tion for special services rendered the Poet
Office Departmentwhich was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask leave to present
several petitions which I have received from
citizens of the State of Maine, earnestly re-
questing that in any change or amendment of
the Constitution that may be proposed to ex-
tend or regulate suffrage there maybe no dis-
tinction between citizens of the United States
whether male or female.
I also present several other petitions from
Wisconsin; Waynecounty, New York; Massa-
chusetts; Illinois; Grand Rapids, Michigan,
all in the same language, or nearly so ; cer-
tainly of the same import. I move that they
all lie on the table, as this question is now be-
fore the Senate. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary having reported. I see no reason why
they should be referred.
The petitions were ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. COLE. I am charged with a petition
signed by Joel N. Turner, mayor of the city
of Los Angeles, California, and many other
influential citizens of that portion of the State,
asking for the reorganization of the southern
district court for that.State, which, it will be
remembered, was abolished a few years ago
on the occasion of the death of the judge of
that court. They set forth that the adminis-
tration of the laws is very much impeded by
the difficulty they find in reaching the place
where the United States court is now held, to
wit, San Francisco, and they earnestly appeal
to Congress for the reorganization of that court.
I move that the petition bereferred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS presented a memorial of cit-
izens of the District of Columbia, remonstrat-
ing against the passage of the bill conferring
additional powers on the Metropolitan Police
Board relative to the granting or refusing of
licenses; which was referred to the Committee
on the Distriet of Columbia.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented the petition of
John L. Andrews, of Virginia, praying to be
relieved from political disabilities; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CRAGIN. I wish to call up a motion
I entered some time ago to reconsider the vote
by which the House concurrent resolution giv-
ing the use of portions of the Capitol for the
inauguration reception was rejected.
Mr. CONKLING. Has the Senator any
objection to letting us finish the morning busi-
Mr. CRAGIN. Not at all.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to present
a petition.
ThePRESIDENTjprotempore. Thepetition
will be received.
Mr. CONKLING. I present a memorial of
the New York and Antwerp Mail Steamship
Company, which recites the organization of
the company under the laws of the United
States to ply with ocean steamships between
the port of New York and the port of Antwerp,
in the kingdom of Belgium; recites that they
have mail contracts with Belgium and an equip-
ment and appointment which will enable them
to carry the ocean mail3 of the United States
for simply the postage, without guarantee or
inducement for doing it, and praying that they
may be permitted to take the ocean-going let-
ters and mail matter of the United States,
receiving simply the postage for carrying the
same. The memorial is carefully drawn, set-
ting forth in a logical and intelligible way the
facts, and praying for the contract which I
have stated, and other matters of legislation
provided for in a bill which I desire to introduce.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. HENDERSON. I present concurrent
resolutions of the Legislature of Missouri, in-
structing the Senators and requesting the Rep-
resentatives of that State in Congress to vote
for a grant of aid to the central branch of the
Union Pacific railroad. I will state that pre-
vious to the reception of these resolutions I had
voted against the bill to grant the aid referred
to. It is due to the members of the Legislature
that I should say that I had taken my action on
the subject before I was aware of those resolu-
tions. I move that they lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
ItKPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. CONNESS. The Committee on Mines
and Mining, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. *770) to incorporate the National Gold
and Silver Mining Company of Washington,
District of Columbia, have instructed me to
report it back and asl; to be discharged from
the further consideration of the bill. The bill
proposes, I will state in brief, to establish a
corporation by a congressional act for the
purposes of mining in the Territory of Montana,
which Territory has an act of general incorpo-
ration of its own, under which companies for
those purposes may be organized; and the com-
mittee deem it, therefore, improper to recom-
mend the passage of an act for that purpose by
Congress.
The committee were discharged from the
further consideration of the bill.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 284) for the relief of N. A. Shuttleworth,
of Harrison county, West Virginia, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. VICKERS, from the Committee on
Railroads in the States, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 849) to incorporate the Na-
tional Railway Loan and Trust Company, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia ; which was agreed to.
GEORGE W. LANE.
Mr. DAVIS. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 219) for the relief of George W. Lane,
superintendent of the branch mint at Denver,
Colorado, and Assistant Treasurer of the Uni-
ted States, havehaditundereonsiderationand
directed me to report it back with a recom-
mendation that it pass; and as it is a bill of
very great and strong justice I should like to
have it considered now. It will take but a few
moments, I think.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
the unanimous consent of the Senate to con-
sider the joint resolution at this time.
Mr. DAVIS. Allow me to say a word in
explanation of the joint resolution. The peti-
tioner was the Assistant Treasurer and superin-
tendent of the mint at Colorado. His princi-
pal clerk stole something over thirty six thou-
sand dollars from the safe of the mint. Mr.
Lane went in pursuit of him to New Mexico,
and made a most remarkable, energetic, and
successful pursuit. He overtook him and
reclaimed, of the $36,000 over thirty-two thou-
sand dollars, and had the culprit brought back,
tried, convicted, and sentenced to the peniten-
tiary. He now asks that he be exonerated from
the payment of so much of the money as was
not reclaimed—$4,419 90. A special agent
was sent by the Treasury Department to exam-
ine into the matter, and he recommends the
passage of the joint resolution.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It proposes to au-
thorize the Secretary of the Treasury to credit
and allow to George W. Lane, superintendent
of the United States branch mint at Denver,
Colorado Territory, in the settlement of his
accounts, the sum of $-1,419 90, public money,
which was stolen from the mint without fault
or neglect his part, and which has not been
recovered.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, and read the third time.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is there a report in con-
nection with that joint resolution?
The PRESlDENTpm tempore. There is no
report.
Mr. DAVIS. The facts are all as I have
theua. It is a very strong and obvi-
