1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
ously just case, as strong a case as I have ever
heard of.
The bill was
IlEV. D. IIILIHOUSB BUEL.
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 760) for
the relief of Rev. D. Hillhouse Buel, have
directed me to report it back without amend-
ment, with a recommendation that it pass.
Mr. EDMUNDS, lask the unanimous con-
gent of the Senate to take up and pass that
bill now. It is to relieve, for some lost regis-
tered bonds, a poor clergyman in the State of
New York. The case on the evidence is made
perfectly plain, and all he had in the world, a
few thousand dollars, is tied up. I ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to put it on
its passage.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to cause to be issued to Rev.
D. Hillhouse Buel, of Cooperstown, New
York, proper certificates of the registered
stock of the United States of the consolidated
debt under the act of March 3, 1865, to the
amount of $7,000, in lieu and stead of certifi-
cates of the debt Nos. 10,331 and 16,332 for
$1,000 each, and certificate No. 4,987 for
$5,000, belonging to him and lost while pass-
ing through the mails; but he is to give bond
with surety to the satisfaction of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, conditioned to indemnify
the United States against all claim upon or in
respect to the first-mentioned certificates.
The bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 should like to have some
explanation of the bill.
Mr. EDMUN DS. I can explain it, as I pre-
sented the 'papers and knew this gentleman,
and know from the affidavits and evidence all
the facts. This gentleman is a clergyman of
the Episcopalian persuasion at Copperstown,
New York, whose character is above all re-
proach.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Were these registered
bonds.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then what is the dif-
ficulty?
Mr. EDMUNDS. None, except that the
Treasury say that without an act of Congress
they will not issue them. That is the only dif-
ficulty. I think, as the law is, they may do it;
but they say they will not. He exchanged
$7,000 in coupon bonds for $7,000 of regis-
tered stock, which was entered up to him in
the Treasury books, and sent to the cashier of
his bank in Troy to be forwarded to him.
The cashier forwarded it to him by mail, and
it has never been heard of since._ That was at
a time when the mails were being somewhat
interfered with in that-region. The truth un-
doubtedly is that somebody stole these and
other bonds out of the mail, and the thieves
(as they always do with registered bonds)
destroyed them, because they would not be
of any use to them without an indorsement.
This bill provides that duplicates shall be
issued to this clergyman upon his givii% secu-
rity with sureties satisfactory to the Secretary
of the Treasury to indemnify against these
bonds. The only possible danger is tbat this
clergyman may have fraudulently indorsed
them to somebody who does not bring them
forward, and if he should he would not be
entitled to have new certificates. It seems to
mc there can be no danger in it.
Mr. FE3SENDBN. I do not know that I
shall object to this particular proceeding; bat
I wish to suggest to the Senate that this niat-
ter of giving bonds to secure and indemnify
the Government in cases where long bonds are
issued, registered or coupon, amounts to noth-
ing at all by way of security. The Senate will
observe that these registered or coupon bonds
run for quite a long series of years. ae"
curity that is given to indemnity the Govern-
ment may be good at the time it is given ; but
we all know "that so many years may elapse
before the missing bonds turn up, if they
should ever turn up, that the security may in
the meantime become good for nothing. In
considering this matter 1 have come to the con-
clusion that although it has been the habit to:
require that security should be given in the
way of a bond to. make good any loss, this
formal proceeding amounts to nothing at all;
and that, therefore, it is extremely dangerous
for Congress to order the issue of duplicates
unless in a case where it has been proved to
their entire satisfaction that the original bonds
are destroyed, or that there is no chance, so to
speak, of their again coming up. Otherwise
there are securities out in the hands of other
persons issued by the Government, and it must
meet both, and the bond of indemnity in all
probability is good for nothing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That would be p&rfectly
true in the case of coupon bonds ; but, as my
friend knows, by the course of business at the
Treasury, on every transfer of a registered bond
the registered bond is immediately returned to
the Treasury an d a new certifiate, as it is called—
what we call a bond—issued. These certificates
being payable to order and transferable only
on the books of the Treasury, they stand almost
exactly in the same position as stock in an
incorporated company. The consequence is
that it always happens when there is any diffi-
culty between the indorser and iridorsee as to
the fact of indorsement, or if there is a loss of
the bond and it is brought forward by anybody
whose name does not appear in the books, the
Treasury say, " We do not accept the bond
which you bring here as indorsee without your
proving the genuineness of the indorsement."
That is to say, the course of commercial busi-
ness which binds the Government, just as it does
other parties in such matters, requires that
registered stock shall be brought forward and
transferred on the books of the Treasury.
Mr. FESSENDEN. At no specific time?
Mr. EDMUNDS. At no specific time, but
within a reasonable time, of course; and we all
know that in commercial transactions a rea-
sonable time is really a very short one. There-
fore, in the case of stock of this kind that
requires to be transferred on the books of the
Treasury and to be indorsed, if the stock was
not brought forward, supposing that this cler-
gyman had fraudulently indorsed it and then
had stolen it out of the mail—if it were not
brought forward within a few months the Treas-
ury would be under no obligation, legal or
equitable, to pay the holder because he did not
use due diligence. I hope, therefore, as this
has been done very frequently when occasion
has required, the danger, whatever there is,
may not be visited upon this clergyman.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I stated that I did not
know that I should object in this particular
case. It is very true, as my friend says, that
the danger is comparatively slight in the case
of registered bonds. What I rose to say was
that the Senate, in my judgment, must be very
careful in issuing duplicates on the strength of
any security given by the parties to make good
any loss to the Government. I should vote for
this bill just as readily without the last clause
that security shall be given, as with it, because
I cannot sgc any benefit that that clause will be
as a matter of practice.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to inquire how
long it is since these bonds were lost ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. More than a year now.
The affidavits of this gentleman and of the
cashier of the bank show the precise date. I
have forgotten it, but I believe it is something
more than a year. _
Mr. HOWE. They were lost in November,
18Mr. CORBETT. I understand that if these
bonds had been lost, or if they were not lost,
but had been indorsed to any one, the pet-son
to whom they were indorsed could not draw
the interest upon .them unless he presented
them to the Treasury and had them registered
in his own name, and new certificates issued.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is it exactly.
Mr. CORBETT. That is the position of
affairs-, and therefore-there is'a :safety in this
case which there is hot in the case of .coupon
bonds.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third1- time, and
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous ^
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 856) to promote the building of steamships
in the United States and to provide for the
transportation of the United States maits be-
tween New York and Europe by steamships
built in the United States; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 857) to enable the people of Montana to
form a constitution and State government; and
for the admission of said State into the Union
on an equal footing with the original States ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Territories, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 211) for setting apart a
portion of the Fort Snelling military reserva-
tion for a permanent military post, and the
settlement of all claims in relation thereto ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S.' R. No. 212) relating to home-
steads for soldiers; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands and ordered to be printed.
LAND GRANTS FOR iJlPROVKMENTS.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
requested to inform the Senate the quantity of pub-
lic lands certified and patented to States and Terri-
tories and corporations to aid in the construction of
railroads, wagon-roads, and canals, and the improve-
ment of rivers and harbors, indicating the quantity
thus certified and conveyed within the limits of each
State and Territory, naming the corporations to be
benefited thereby and the quantity ot land received
by each of such corporations.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think that will ap-
pear in the report of the Commissioner. The
Senator will find that a summary of all that
usually accompanies the annual report.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
RECOMMITTAL OF A BILL.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the bill (S.
No. 697) granting lands to the States of Wis-
consin and Michigan to aid in the construction
of the Wisconsin and Lake Superior railroad
and its branch be recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands. ^ I make this motion with
the assent of the chairman of that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
DOCKS AT PENSAC0LA.
Mr. OSBORN submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be di-
rected to communicate to tins House whether the
docks at the Pensacola navy-yard are sufficient for
the accommodation and necessities of the JMyiii
the Gulf of Mexico, and whether iurther legislation
is rcquisito beforo the docks can bo made sufficient;
and if so, what legislation is necessary.
PACIFIC BRANCH OF SOLDIEIIS' HOME.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be.directed to
report to the Senate a plan for the establishment ot
a branch of the Soldiers' Home on the Pacific eoast.
inauguration ball.
Mr. CRAGIN. Some time ago I made a
motion to reconsider the vote by which the
