m
THE OOuYGKESSIOtfAL GLOBE.
January 30,
Senate rejected the concurrent resolution from
tie House of Representatives granting to the
committee of control to conduct the inaugural
proceedings other than official of the President
and Vice President certain portions of the Cap-
itol. I naw'mdve to take up that motion, and
I will state that I have here a letter from the
committee in which they say that they have
voted to dispense entirely with dancing, and
ask that they may have the use of the parts of
the Capitol named in the House resolution for
a reception simply. I hope the Senate will at
least act upon the question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion' is on taking up the motion to reconsider.
The motion to take up was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on reconsidering the vote rejecting
th« resolution.
Mr. CRAGIN. I send to the desk a letter
which I have received. I ask that it be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Washington, D. C„ January, 27,1869.
Dear Sir : At a meeting of the general committee
on unofficial inaugural ceremonies, held this day,
the following resolution was adopted:
Resolved, That Senator CBAOIX be requested to ask
a reconsideration of the vote on House concurrent
resolution, and that he be authorized to inform the
Senate that in deference to the expressed views of
several of its members this committee has decided
to withdraw dancing from the programme of the
proposed inauguration reception if the use of the
Capitol is granted.
Respectiully, THOMAS I. TULLOCK,
Secretary.
lion. Aarox H. Csaoix, United States Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have the yeas
and nays on the reconsideration, and settle it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CRAGIN. I ask leave simply to say
a word. I am informed that unless this privi-
lege is granted it is almost certain that there
will be some sort of an inauguration ball in
this city under influences which will not be
agreeable to a majority of the Senate. If this
is done it will accommodate the great mass
of the people that come here, especially the
soldiers, and give them an opportunity to come
here in the evening to see General Grant and
go away satisfied. For that reason and for
others I hope this reconsideration may take
place.
Mr. CONKLING. Under what auspices
will the ball take place? Will not the same
committee have charge of it?
Mr. CRAG1N. Not at all.
Mr. CONKLING. Who will have charge?
Mr. CRAG IN. A committee of citizens of
the city of Washington.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was in hopes this
matter would not again be brought to the atten-
tion of the Senate; that we were through with
it. 1 see by the morning papers that an inaug-
uration ball is to be given somewhere else,"in
some other part of the city; and it seems to
me that for Congress to undertake to enter into
an arrangement with some committee, unoffi-
cial it seems—I do not know who the commit-
tee are—that there shall be an inauguration
ceremony in the Capitol, is out of place. I
trust the vote of the Senate will not be recon-
sidered, and that we shall be done with this
thing. I will take no time about it.
Mr. WARNER.^ I understand the proposi-
tion, as modified, is simply to provide that the
President-elect may hold a reception in the
Rotunda of the Capitol. That seems to be all
that is left of the proposition. If that be so
he may certainly do that without any action of
Mr. CONKLING. I hope we are not to vote
upon this question as if it stood precisely as put
by the honorable Senator -tfho has just taken
his seat, whether the President-elect should be
permitted to hold a reception in the Capitol.
The President-elect does not seem to pant for
any such opportunity as that, and I think it
would be assuming a good deal for us to take
jurisdiction of any such question. If the Presi-
dent-elect felt the need of occupying this build-
ing and we had knowledge of that it would
present a question so unlike the one before us
that it could hardly be raised by reconsidering
this resolution.
I believe it is a matter of public history—I
think I saw in some newspaper a letter convey-
ing that information—that the President-elect
has what I will call the good sense to wish very
much to bow himself out of this whole proceed-
ing. He has said that in very explicit terms,
and therefore the question is still as it was be-
fore, whether somebody who has not yet been
elected President of the United States and will
not be for at least four years—whether some-
body other than the President-elect, who has
conceived the idea of occupying this building
for a ball or a reception or an exercise of that
kind of some name or description, shall be per-
mitted by the Senate to do it.
That is the question, and the only question.
I saw, -as the honorable Senator from Illinois
did, inthepaper this morniBg—and, on inquiry,
I understand it is true—that an arrangement
has been made to obtain the occupation of a
large and newly-finished room in the Treasury
building, which contains no furniture and no
picturesjind no appointments to be injured.
That is a matter with which we have nothing
to do, and therefore there is no need of our
taking any jurisdiction; so that it turns out
that those who wish a parade of that sort are
in a fair way to have it. They have secured a
room which, as described in the newspapers
this morning, must be a room abundant in its
height and depth and dimensions and gran-
deur for anybody who proposes to receive or be
received on that occasion.
It seems to me there are all the reasons there
were before, and some reasons in addition,
why we should leave this subject alone. Let it
stand where it is; and if the President-eleet, in
spite of his expressed wish, can be dragooned
into going and submitting to the ordeal of a
ball or a reception, or whatever it is to be
called, so be it. That is a question for him.
I have no doubt that he is abundantly able to
take care of himself. But why we should re-
verse our action I cannot see, when we know
that in the meantime another place and a fitter
place has been obtained, and also that the gen-
tleman in whose honor professedly this is con-
ceived has pointedly disclaimed any wish to
become the recipient of that honor.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, I do not
know what the wish of General Grant is in
this matter. I do not propose to intimate it.
In the letter which he wrote to the secretary
of this committee he intimated that it would be
agreeable to him if the inauguration ball should
be dispensed with. As now arranged, it is
proposed to dispense with it. The only ques-
tion is whether the Senate will concur with
the House in granting the use, not of the Sen-
ate Chamber, not of the Hall of the House of
Representatives, not of any of the committee-
rooms of this Capitol, not of any of the rooms
where there is furniture, but simply the corri-
dors, the Rotunda, and the old Hall of the
House of Representatives, where the people
who come here to attend this inauguration
ceremony may meet and pass around and see
their friends, and see General Grant if he
chooses to come. There is no danger of any
injury to any part of the building.
The Senator from New York alludes to the
fact that a ball is to take place at another
place. I say to him that if it takes place there
it will be under the direction of a different
committee and under diiferent auspices from
the one which is seeking the use of this Capi-
tol, or a portion of it, for the purpose of a
reception or social gathering, whatever it may
be. I have nothing more to say.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I am opposed
to the reconsideration of this resolution, but if
it shall come up there is a proposition which I
wish to make with regard to it which I will
mention now, and that is that no lady shall be
admitted into the Rotunda in party dress.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. NYE. 1 should like to have the Senator
explain what that means. [Laughter.)
Mr, DRAKE. It is a very considerable
undress, if the gentleman can understand it,
[Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the Sen-
ator from Missouri if he will not also accept an
amendment from me that all ladies shall be
admitted without regard to color? [Laughter.]
Mr. DRAKE. Certainly; anything of that
kind that will accommodate my friend from
Vermont I will agree to with great pleasure.
[Laughter.]
But, Mr. President, here is a trap for the
injury of the health and perhaps the destruc-
tion of the lives of numbers of ladies. You
cannot heat that Rotunda on the 4th of March
in such a way that if ladies attend there inordi-
nary party dress multitudes of them may not
take serious colds, and perhaps lives be lost in
consequence of it. It is impossible, sir : you
cannot do it. If you were to put stoves in there
by the dozen you could not do it, because the
height of the Dome is so great that the heated
air ascends immediately and passes out through
the windows and crannies and crevices there.
The consequence is that those on the floor are
in the coldest atmosphere that can be in a
room at all. I am against this proposition in
any form in which it can be put, but most
especially against it when the ladies who are to
attend therein the ordinary party dress, which
is, as I said before, a very considerable undress,
are to suffer such exceeding injury as they will
if they go there.
Mr. CONKLING. I desire to make one
remark only in reply to the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire. I do not like, because
I do not approve this resolution, to be set
down as wishing churlishly to exclude anybody
from the Capitol. For some reason, or by
some accident, this has been several times put
as if it was a question between the Senate and
the public or the citizens of this country who
might wish to see and to occupy the inside of
the Capitol. I 0'iject to that, Mr. President.
On inauguration day and every other day it is
not the privilege but the right of all the citi-
zens of this country, without regard to sex or
age, to visit the Rotunda of the Caoitol to look
at the pictures, and to do everything that an
opportunity can be afforded anybody to do by
way of inspection and occupation; and when
they do it, unless the Senate should pass this
resolution, they will not have to pay to any
committee ten dollars or any other admission
fee for the privilege of visiting that Rotunda.
I have only to say, in answer to the honorable
Senator, that I propose to allow all the people
of the country to visit the Rotunda on that day
and on every other without authorizing a com-
mittee to place janissaries at the door to exact
a fee of ten dollars for that privilege.
One other suggestion, and I have done.
The honorable Senator says that this resolu-
tion applies to a part of the building in which
there is no furniture. I beg to remind him
that in the Rotunda are pictures, all of which,
perhaps, are not very precious, but some of
which are very valuable ; and if there be any-
thing which could well be placed as furniture
or appointment in an apartment likely to suffer
detriment on such an occasion, 1 think pictures
hanging as low as those would fall within that
description of appointment. That is all 1
meant by my reference to that.
Now, I hope we shall say that everybody
will be permitted on that day and on that
night, like every other day and every other
night, to go without let or hinderauce all over
the open and unoccupied parts of the Capitol.
Mr. WARNER, i desire to say that the
Senator from New York expresses my views
in reference to this matter, and that any action
necessary to accomplish what he states I am
ready to take.
Mr. CRAGIN. One remark in reply to
the Senator from New York. He says that on
inauguration day every person who comes here
and wishes to go into the Rotunda has the-rigbt
to do so, aad can do so. He must he aware, 1
presume, that on that day the doors of t he Cap-
itol are closed against the great public, and only
those are admitted in here who have tickets ;
