THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
V
td ropairingflf
January 30,
neetion with this. There are several gentlemen
who wish to speak, and their speeches will be
made in any event whenever the question is
taken up. If we postpone it, it will cause more
speeches to be made. I shall regard it as a
loss*of the measure if it is now laid aside. The
appropriation bills will go through anyhow, but
if this amendment is laid over now it will be
postponed so late that I fear it will be impos-
sible to pass it at this session. 1 shall insist
.upon the yeas and nays. I want to take the
sense of the Senate.
Mr. MORLilLL, of Maine. Oh, no.; you
had better let it go over informally.
Mr. STEWART. No; I insist upon the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Maine
to postpone the unfinished business of yester-
day and all prior orders for the purpose of pro-
ceeding to the consideration of the bill named
by him, and upon this question the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 23 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckaiew, Cole,
Corbett, Davis, Doolittle, Fessenden, Fowler,Grimes,
Hendricks, Hewo, Kollogir, McCreery, Morgan, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Sherman,
Sprague, Sumner, Truuibull, Van Winkle, Vickers,
Vhyte, Willey, Williams, and Wilton—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Conklmg, Conness, Dixon,
Drake, Sdmimds, Ferry, Frehoghuysen, Harlan,
ilanis, Henderson, Nye, Osborn, Ponleroy. Pool,
Barnscy, Rice, Ross, Stewart, Thayer, Wade, W arner,
and Welch—23.
ABSENT — Messrs. Cameron, Cattel], Chandler,
Cragin, Howard. McDonald, Morton, Norton, Rob-
ertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, spencer, Tipton, and
Yates—14.
So the motion was agreed to.
PENSION APPROPRIATION BILL.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The spe-
cial order is postponed, and the question now
is on taking up the bill indicated by the Sena-
tor from Maine.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill
(H. R. No. 1564) making appropriations for
the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the united States for the year euditig Jane 30,
1870, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
Two amendments were reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. The first was in
line seven to strike out "ten" before ''million"
and insert "nineso as to make the clause
read ''for invalid pensions under various acts,
$9,000,000."
Mr. MORRTLL, of Maine. I will state
briefly to the Senate what this bill is, and the
ameodrneats that are proposed. The bill, as
it came from the House of Representatives,
appropiiated $10,000,000 for invalid pensions
and $13,000,000 for pensions to widows, chil-
dren, mothers, fathers, brothers, and sisters
of soldiers. The bill, as reported by our com-
mittee, appropriates $9,000,000 for invalid
pensions and §10,000,000 for'the other class;
and these two sums are considered by the com-
mittee to be ample. I will make a statement
in regard to the number of pensioners to show
that we are not mistaken.
The number of persons actually on the rolls
as invalid pensioners on the 30th of June, 1868,
was seventy four thousand seven hundred
and eighty-two, requiring an expenditure of
$6,828,000. Thenumberon the rollsontheSOth ;
of June, 1867, was seventy thousand, and the j
estimated increase for that year was ten thou- i
sand, while as matter of fact the increase was j
only four thousand seven hundred and eighty- '
two. Making a proportionate estimate for this !
year, ihecommittee are satisfied that$9,000,000 |
will be abundant to meet all the expenditures I
that may be r< quired for that purpose, and !
accordingly we reduced the appropriation from
$10,000,000 to $9,000,000.
The same may be said of the other item of
the bill for pensions to widows, children, &c.
There were on the rolls on the 30th of June,
1867, eighty-eight thousand of that class of
pensioners, and the estimated increase for the
year ending June 80, 1868, was twenty thou-
sand, but as matter of fact only four thousand
were added. Making the same estimate for
the present year, we are satisfied that the ap-
propriation of the House is at least $3,000,000
more than is absolutely necessary. For these
reasons the committee have reported these
amendments.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-
three to strike out ''thirteen" before "mil-
lion" and insert "ten."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendments be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time and passed.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 1596.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1596J making appropriations for the
support of the Military Academy for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1870, was considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in line fifteen after the
word "expenses" to strike out "$57,000"
anu insert "$61,930;" so that the clause will
read, "for current and ordinary expenses,
$61,930."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment wa3 in line thirty-five
to strike out "for addition to soldiers' ho3
pital, $2,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. it was ordered that the amendments be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move now
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of House bill No. 1599.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1599) making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending 30th June,
1870, was considered aa in Committee of the
Whole.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Appropiiations was on page 2, line twenty-
sever., to strike out "$100,000" and insert
"§50,000;" so that the clause will read:
Navy-yard at Boston:
For repairs of buildings and repairs of all kinds,
*50,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ihirty-four,
to strikeout " $80,000 " and insert" $50,000;"
so as to read :
Navy-yard at Washington:
For repairs of all kinds, $CO,< OD.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines forty-eight
and forty-nine to strike out:
Naval Asylum at Key West:
For necessary repairs of wharves and buildings,
$2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line sixtj'-
one to insert:
Provided, That this appropriation, and all amounts
hereafter appropriated for the support of the Naval
Asylum at Philadelphia, the beneficiaries therein,
the pay of officers, repairs, contingent and other
expenses shall be charged to and paid from the in-
come of the naval pension fund.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
one hundred and one and one hundred and two
in the following words :
For compass stations, and for repairs and care of
same, .Si,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page C to strike
out " $6,000 " and insert " §3,000; " so as to
read:
For bunting and other material for flags', and for
making and repairing flags of all kinds for the Navy.
$3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and forty-three to strike out " $10,000"
and insert $8.000;" so as to read :
For freightandtransportationof navigation mate-
rials, instruments, books, and stores, postage on
public letters, telegraphing on public businos. ad-
vertising lor proposals, packing-boxes and material,
blank books, forms, and stationery at navigation
offices, $8,(X)0.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
one hundred and forty-eight to one hundred
and sixty-four inclusive, as follows :
For one professor of the French language, 51,800;
for five assistant professors of the French language,
$7 000; one professorof theSpamsh language, $1,800;
two assistant professors of the Spanish language,
$2,800; one professor ofdrawingand draughting,SI,800;
three assistant professors of drawing ana draughting.
$4,200; one sword master, SI,200; two assistant sword
masters, $1,600; one boxing master and gymnast.
$1,200; making in all $23,400; and all professors,
assistant professors, and others on duty or employed
in the Naval Academy, excepting those herewith
designated, shall be detailed from the officers, petty
officers, and men of the Navy, and shall reeeive no
pay or allowances exeept their pay as such officers
or men.
And in lieu thereof to insert the following:
For pay of professors and others, $60,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and sixty-nine to reduce the appropria-
tion "for contingent expenses of the Naval
Academy from $63,450 to $61,450."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and seventy-one to strikeout " $10,000"
and insert "$8,680;" so as to read: "for
necessary repairs of quarters, &c., $8,680,"
[at the Naval Academy.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to strike
out the words "and so forth."
The PRESIDENTprotempore. Thatamend-
ment will be considered as agreed to unless
objected to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to strike out line one hun-
dred and eighty-three under the head of" Naval
Observatory," as follows:
For salary of three aids, $4,000,
And in lieu thereof to insert:
For salary of first assistant astronomer, SI.800.
For salary of sccond assistant astronomer, $1,600.
For salary of third assistant astronomer, $1,390.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out in
line one hundred and ninety-one "$20,500"
and insert " $16,200;" so as to read:
For preparing for publication the American Nau-
tical Almanac, namely, for pay of computers and
clerk, $16,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line one
hundred and ninety three, to insert:
For erecting suitable frame building and mount-
ing transit circle in it, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and fourteen,'to strike out "S2,000,000;"
and insert "83,000,000;" so that, the clause
will read:
Bureau of Construction and Repairs:
For preservation of wood and iron vessels arid ships
inordinary, and for those that arc on die stock-; vessels
for theNaval Academy ; for purchase of mater, &1 and
stores of all kinds; labor in navy-yard; transportation
of material, repair ot vessels, and maintenance of
the Navy afloat, $3,000,00y.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
j dred and forty-five, after the word "work" to
insert the word "and," uud in line two hun-
dred and forty-six after the word " furniture "
to strike out the words " and so forthso that
the clause will rpad:
Bureau of Medicine and Surecry:
Fur neecfiiiary rapHirs ami improvements of hospi-
tals and JippcndaKt'f!, itieluLdiriif roiid.s. wharves,
walls, outhouse*, sidewalks, ^nce.*, gardens, farms,
pumting, glazing, blacksmiths*, plumbers', and ma-
sons' work, ami for furniture, 130,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
