1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOME.
735
The next amendment was to'strike out the
third section of the bill in the following words:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That no account-
ing otlicor of the Ireasury shall pass or allow any
aecuufit for payment whatever in excess or beyond
the appropriation herein made for or during the
fiscal year.
Mr. BUCK ALE W. There is some question
made about this. It is obvious that although
the object may be proper the effect of tiissec-
tion of the bill would work very improperly
and produce no reform. There is no reason
for rejecting at the Treasury items of expend-
iture that have been lawfully incurred. You
cannot get reform in that manner. You must
strike at a higher point than the point of pay-
ment. You muststrike at theauthority to make
expenditures in some way and curb and limit
that. Where you have outstanding laws author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury or any offi-
cer under him to incur an obligation the Gov-
ernment must meet it. Merely stopping payment
at the Treasury would produce no reform at all.
It seems a very absurd provision, and therefore
I agree with the members of the committee to
strike it out. It will only produce the necessity
of appropriating money hereafter.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire simply to say that
if this is enacted into a law the Navy Depart-
ment or any other Department cannot be run
thirty days after the end of the present fiscal
year.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That there ought to be
a correction in this direction is beyond all ques-
tion. I think that the cheek ought to be upon
Congress rather than the executive officers.
With a full knowledge last year that the appro-
priations would not supply the demands of the
public service as those demands were provided
for by existing laws, Congress deliberately, with
a view to a coming election, made appropria-
tions knowing that they were not sufficient to
carry on the Government. Now, the question
simply was at the Departments whether they
should stop the machinery of the Government
so far as it was not provided for.
If the purpose of this amendment is to im-
pose upon Congress the necessity of making
the appropriations exactly according to the
requirements of law, then it will do some good,
perhaps, and I am in favor of the provision.
I do not quite agree with the Senator from
Iowa, who thinks the Navy Department can-
not be carried on two months. I think liis
statement amounts to just this: that here is
an appropriation bill under pretense of sup-
plying the Department, as that Department is
now organized under the law, and there is not
an appropriation sufficient to carry it on for
two months. That is the statement of the dis-
tinguished chairman of the Naval Committee.
Then here, under pretense of providing for the
service, as the law requires the service to be
carried on, you do not provide except for one
sixth of the year; and what is the policy, then,
with that statement plainly made? The policy
is that the tack, that which is not provided for
now, shall be provided for in a deficiency bill.
1 think deficiency bills have grown to be a great
evil. They used tobecomplainedof when they
were but for a few thousand dollars; now that
they have gone up to very many millions of dol-
lars we become accustomed to them. I think
they should bestopped. Therefore I think this
provision ought to be left in the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Indiana
entirely misapprehended what I said. I am not
objecting to the fact that some of these appro-
priations are below what I think they ought
to be; but if he will notice the phraseology of
this section he will observe that it reads thus:
" No accounting officer of the Treasury shall
pass or allow any account for payment." They
are not only not authorized to pay, but they are
not authorized to allow or adjust for payment.
Here is an appropriation perhaps of several
hundred thousand dollars that has not yet
lapsed, which was made last year to carry out
some specific purpose. We have made the
appropriations in this bill with the knowledge
on the part of the Appropriation Committee
that there is such an amount still standing to
the credit of that particular appropriation or
that particular bureau, and yet the auditing
officers are not to be allowed to andit and ad-
just an account to be paid out of that balance
which exceeds the specific sum appropriated
in this bill to that purpose.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not know that I
understand the Senator. Does he mean that
the appropriations already made, which do not
go back into the Treasury again for two years
from the date of their enactment, cannot, be
used if this section passes?
Mr. GRIMES. I understand so.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think that will
be the construction put upon it. I think that
is a forced construction. I want the officers
who disburse th  public moneys to know that
if they pay out money without authority of
law their accounts cannot be settled. Then
you will stop the evil and strike at the root,
as I think.
Mr. GRIMES. The provision is that no
accounting officer of the Treasury shall pass
or allow"—not that he shall not pay, but that
he shall not pass or allow—•' any account of a
payment whatever in excess or beyond the
appropriation herein made." Take a ease;
there may be $100,000 lying over in the bands
of the Treasury to the credit of the Bureau of
Equipment and Recruiting, made for the pur-
pose of purchasing coal, which was not all
expended last year. We know that there is
that amount of money in the Treasury to the
credit of that fund, and therefore we do not
appropriate in this bill as much to that fund
for the next fiscal year as we should appro-
priate if we did not know that there was that
amount to the credit of the fund. Under this
provision the officer having the disbursement
of that fund would not be permitted to have
his accounts audited and adjusted if it became
necessary to use that $100,000 still lying to
his credit in the Treasury in excess of the
amount we herein appropriate for that specific
purpose.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That trouble is easily
remedied by striking out in the fourth line the
words "herein made for or during the fiscal
year" and "insert "authorizing such pay-
ment." I move that amendment so as to make
the section read:
That no accounting officer of the Treasury shall
pass or allow any account for payment whatever in
excess or beyond the appropriation authorizing such
payment.
Mr. BU'CKALEW. The Senator will get
exactly to where the law is now. Of course,
as far as any beneficial object is concerned, at
worst the Treasury cannot make payment after
an appropriation is exhausted, nor can they
make any payment where the object is not
covered by some existing appropriation. Now,
observe, the absurdity of this section is this,
that it does not interpose any difficulty in the
way of a claimant as to receiving his money ;
it is striking merely at the settlement of an
account, at the ascertainment of a demand on
the Treasury. It can therefore produce no
reform. My objection to the section is not
that it may tend to decrease the expenses of
the Government, but that it_ strikes at a point
where it can by no possibility produce any
reform whatever.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the amendment
that I desire will be secured by simply striking
out the words heretofore mentioned in the
fourth line and inserting merely the word
" therefor," so as to make the section read:
That no accounting officer of the Treasury shall
pass or allow any account for payment whatever in
excess or beyond the appropriation therefor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana will find it very
difficult to tell precisely what the effect of this
proposition would be upon the general service,
if it were passed. It will be remembered that
last year, on a similar bill, an attempt was
made to regulate this niatter, and the commit-
tee were rather of opinion that, so far as they
could see, it was properly arranged last year.
We could not tell precisely the effect of such
a proposition as this upon this branch of the
service, and it was for that reason rather than
any otherthat the committee came to the con-
clusion that it was safer on the whole to strike
it out-; because it is not our particular func-
tion to ascertain precisely the effect of general
legislation .on the service, but rather to pro-
vide the means necessary to carry it on. If
we could know precisely what the effect of this
would be, I might be quite willing,to let it go
on this bill. But it was the uncertainty of its
effect which led the committee to propose to
strike it off. If the House of Representatives
do not agree to striking out the proposition,
and have better light on the subject than we
have, a committee of conference can make an
arrangement, and we may agree perhaps upon
a proposition which will be safe. I suggest,
therefore, to the Senator from Indiana, whether
he had not better, oil the whole, allow the
Senate to concur in the amendment of the
committee to strike out the section, and let us
act in some way, under some circumstances,
when we can know what the effect will be on
the public service. I am not clear that the
amendment which he proposes would obviate
the difficulty.
Mr. SHERMAN. My attention is just called
to this third section, and I think the Senator
from Indiana, on a moment's reflection, must
perceive that it will be utterly impracticable.
The provision is that "no accounting officer
of the Treasury shall pass or allow any account
for payment whatever in excess or beyond the
appropriation herein made for or during the
fiscal year." The accounting officers of the
Treasury have nothing to do with the appro-
priations. The money goes into the hands of
the disbursing officers, and the only question
with the accounting officers is whether it has
been paid out in pursuance of Jaw for a pur-
pose provided by law. The accounting and
disbursing officers are different sets of officers
entirely. The Treasurer of the United States
pays no money ; he dare pay no money except
in pursuance of an appropriation. If he does
he violates the Constitution. But the account-
ing officers are officers of entirely distinct func-
tions. The Third Auditor passes upon the
accounts of the paymasters. The Third Au-
ditor does not know where the paymaster gets
his money, who paid itto him, outofwhat fund
iteomes, or anything about it. He only re-
quires the paymaster to account for the money
in his hands by proper vouchers made out
according to law and in pursuance of law. It
seems to me, then, that if the House of Rep-
resentatives intended to correct any abuses by
this section they do not accomplish it. In my
judgment, the section which the Senate passed
at the last session of Congress woald accom-
plish it and prevent money being paid out of
the Treasury except in pursuance of an appro-
priation, because we forbade the transfer of
appropriations except in particular cases. That
is the only way in which we can prevent it.
Mr. GRIMES. This will accomplish a great
deal; it will tie up all tile accounts of the Navy
Department without being audited.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly; but this will
not accomplish the purpose the House of Rep-
resentatives evidently designed.
Mr. GRIMES. Certainly not.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will simply embarrass
the accounting officers. When they are looking
over a paymaster's accounts they will have to
stop and see whether the money has been
appropropriated. Now, they have nothing in
the world to do with that. Many paymasters'
accounts are yet to be settled. The accounts
of a paymaster who paid out money a year ago
may be settled, while those of one who paid
out money three years ago may not yet be set-
tled. It strikes me that this section is clearly
wrong, and whatever may have been the inten-
tion of it it will not accomplish the purpose
the House designed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not have sufficient
knowledge of the complicated machinery of
the Treasury Department to answer the sug-
gestions of the Senator from Ohio; bat I
had supposed that when an accounting officer
