1869.
fHfit iCGN GKESSfGJf AL«GLOBE.
-787
understands that to be the fact, that the Gov-
ernment has taken formal possession of it and
there is no adverse claim.
Mr. NYE. None whatever, as the papers
show.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then I suggest
to the Senate and to the honorable Senator that
it is not customary to make.appropriations for
the improvement of rivers and harbors upon
an estimate previously made. As this com-
munication suggests that it is impossible even
to make* an approximate estimate of the ex-
penditures necessary to make the contemplated
improvement,-I submit whether it is not advis-
able upon the whole to have a preliminary sur-
vey antecedent to the appropriation, whether
it is safe to make this appropriation of $50,000
with any other view at least than to require
such preliminary survey. It may turn out on
a survey and examination by experts that it is
not advisable to make any appropriation at all.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I regret very much
that the documents upon which this appropri-
ation is asked have not returned from the
printer. They are full of interest, and to me
were very instructive.
This island was discovered by Captain
Brooks, and the discovery being made known
to the Government the Navy Department at
once ordered one or two men of war to go and
ascertain the whereabouts and the exact posi-
tion of things at that island. The Lackawanna
was one of the ships sent on that expedition.
There is in the papers a full description of the
surveys they made. I have lying before me the
maps that show their exact locality and exhibit
at once the attitude which these islands pre-
sent—that preliminary survey which thehonora-
ble Senator suggests has been made, but not with
that particularity upon which ah exact estimate
could be made of the cost of the work. The
officers who made the soundings, however,
report that they find that the mouth of this har-
bor is of a broken coral intermixed with sand,
which can easily be removed by a dredging-ma-
chine. The papers to which I have referred
give the cost of the dredging-maehine, the cost
of operating it per day, and the probable cost
of getting it there. The officers ask for an
appropriation of $100,000; but the committee
deemed it prndent to recommend an appropri-
ation of $50,000, to be expended under the
direction of the Navy Department, or so much
thereof as may be necessary to remove the
obstacles, or if that is not done, to ascertain
exactly what it will cost.
The importance of immediate action upon
this subject perhaps cannot be overestimated.
It is a long, weary passage of six thousand
miles and more from the Pacific coast to China
and Japan. Heretofore, upon that long and
somewhat dangerous passage, where the ty-
phoons play the mischief with shipping, there
has not been a resting-place nor a harbor of
refuge in the whole distance. A crippled ship
must remain crippled, perfectly at the mercy
of winds and waves, for that long distance,
unless she can reach Honolulu—twelvehundred
miles southeast of this, I think—or she must
wait the chances of being picked up.
It is perhaps proper for me to say that the
pathway of these ocean steamers is entirely out
of the direction in which most of the sailing
crafts go. They go that way when they are
going down from the north to winter at Hono-
lulu. Our whalemen, who are now whaling in
the northern seas of the Pacific, have to go to
Honolulu every year to winter. But it this
improvement is made they can winter at these
islands, where there is plenty of fresh water,
and save some twenty-four hundred miles ot
somewhat dangerous navigation.
1 remarked to the honorable Senator that
this was the first island that had ever been
taken possesion of by this Government. Right
here under our very noses, within two hun-
dred miles of our coast, is a series of islands
wlueh have co.^t this tuition, more than it would
have done to purchase them, by furnishing
harbors to piratical crafts and the depreda-
10th C'OVH. :5P N<">. -t".
tione they were enabled to commit upon us
daring the late struggle.
I desire also to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to the fact that the Paeifie ocean is fast
becoming the great commercial thoroughfare
of the world. It is growing in importance
every day; and these islands seem to have been
providentially thrown up in the mid-ocean and
the coral reefs formed on purpose to give a
resting place for the wearied sailor in distress.
It will be remembered by the Senate that the
rebel steamer Florida found her way into the
Pacific ocean and committed a series of dep-
redations entirely destructive to the great whal-
ing interests of the Bast and of the West—a
series of depredations that were seriously offens-
ive in every way. If the harbor at one of
these islands, taken possession of as they have
been by the- United States can be made avail-
able, as all the reports from scientific naval
men say that it can, then we have the key to
the navigation of the Pacific, and no marauders
can find rest there. If we go twelve hundred
miles south to Honolulu we are there under a
flag that is unable to protect us, and we are
prohibited by law from protecting ourselves
within certain limits of its territory. I think,
therefore, it will be the sense of the Senate that
this is an opportune discovery, and that this is
an opportune moment for us to do so much, at
least, as to show that we are going to make
there a harbor not only for our own but for
the shipping of other nations. To me it seems
very important to th.e whole commercial world.
One other suggestion and I will close what I
have to say on this subject. The steamers on
these long voyages of six thousand miles have
to take a very large proportion of their carry-
ing capacity to carry fuel. It will be remem-
bered by the Senate that these ships are in the
habit of doing their business in this way : they
take coal, for instance, by sailing vessels to
their depot, from Panama to Acapulco ; there
they have a coaling station between Panama
and San Francisco, where the coal is taken by
sailing vessels; and there the steamers always
have a large and ample supply of coal. By
that process they are enabled to carry a much
larger amount of freight. The Senate will see
that for a voyage of six thousand miles, where
they burn seventy tons of coal a day and the
passage takes twenty-two days, it requires a
ship of enormous size to carry large ctuantities
of freight aside from this coal.
There will be another advantage incident to
this improvement, and I speak of it now in a
governmental sense, aside from the merchant
marine. I say it is a necessity in a time of
war and a necessity in time of peace. It will
not be forgotten by the Senate that we are
sending every year a fleet of ships to the east-
ern coast, to China and Japan, from the
Pacific coast. They go there and cruise and
then are ordered back every two or three
years, and other ships ordered to take their
places. If this improvement is made those
ships will not be obliged to load themselves
down with coal at San Francisco or at Panama,
or Acapulco, but they can run off to these
Midway Islands, and there supply themselves.
In time of peace this will be very useful; in
time of war it will be indispensable. I there-
fore ask the favorable consideration of the
Senate, in a national point of view, to this
small expenditure for the improvement of this
almost accidental island that seems to have
sprung up just in the right time to give our
growing commerce a resti ng place between the
Pacific coast and the Indies.
Mr. COLE. I can add but little to what has
been said bv the Senator from Nevada upon
this subjectbut it strikes me that this is one
,, of the most becoming applications for an appro-
i! priation that can be considered by the Senate.
|! We have now a line of steamers plying between
our Pacific coast and the coast of China and
:j Japan, which need precisely the aceommoda-
11 tion which this habor on the Midway islands will
ij afford them if the harbor is made available by
being improved in the way suggested by the
Senator from Nevada. It appears to me th.it
this appropriation is asked for with propriety
upon the ground of economy and revenue. It
is- well understood that the steamships that
traverse the Pacific are required in order to
make the complete voyage to take a very large
amount of fuel, and in fact small steamships
cannot make the trip across the Pacific at all.
If a coal depot can be established midway on
this passage they will be enabled to make the
passage across the Pacific ocean with a mnch
less amount of fuel, half the amount perhaps,
and the rest of the capacity of the ship may be
devoted to freight and passengers.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
should like to ask the Senator the size of this
island—the number of acres it contains ? .
Mr. DRAKE. Thirteen miles.
Mr. COLE. It is several miles in circum-
ference—not thirteen miles, I take itr in length,
but in circumference—and is in the form of a
crater of a volcano, which probably it may
have been at some time in the history of the
world, geologically speaking. The commerce
that is carried on across the Pacific in these
steamships must, of course, be greatly increased
if this depot is established midway on the pas-
sage, and in that way it must be an advantage
to the Government of the United States to an
amount severalfold greater than the amount
that is now asked in the form of an appropri-
ation, and this benefit will be yielded each
year. I hope, therefore, that this appropri-
ation will be granted at this time, for the- rea-
son that, if it is put off from year to year the
commerce of the Pacific will only be retarded
in a greater degree by the delay.
Mr. CONKL1NG. Mr. President, this prop-
osition is not only a new one, but a peculiar
one. I do not know why the amendment per-
tains to this bill necessarily rather than to the
miscellaneous appropriation bill. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations had no knowledge
of this amendment. They have had no oppor-
tunity of knowing about it; for although
doubtless the rule was satisfied in the ordinary
way by proposing the amendment in writing,
it must have been done after the bill was re-
ported to the Senate, so that no consideration
of this amendment has been had.
Mr. NYE. After what bill was reported ?
Mr. CONKLING. This bill. The appio-
priation bill.
Mr. NYE. I beg your pardon ; it was re-
ported before.
Mr. CONKLING. When was this amend-
ment introduced ?
Mr. NYE. Some days ago ; I gave notice
of it to the Chair.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to inquire
of the honorable chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, the Senator from Maine,
how it was that this amendment never reached
that committee? The Senator from Nevada
thinks it was introduced before the bill was
reported.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No. My recol-
lection is that it did not reach the committee
until after the bill was reported; but the rule
does not require that it should.
Mr. CONKLING. No, Mr. President, Idid
not mean to intimate, I was careful, indeed,
not to say that the rule required it should reach
the committee before; but of course the spirit
of the rule requiring notice to be given of an
amendment is, that the committee having
charge of the bill to which it is proposed may
consider it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
will allow me, I find that the amendment was
referred vesterday.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I was right in my
Statement. Not only was it referred after the
bill was reported, but it was not referred until
yesterdav, as the chairman of the committee
now states. Mr. President, the obvious pur-
pose of the rule is to add to the security of the
general consideration of these amendments
the consideration of the committee responsible
for the bid. In this case, in fact. o( course I
