m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
I know, and was still an officer and captain in
the ordnance corps. Now, with an increase
of the Army of about three hundred per cent.,
I believe, the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] passed a bill here yesterday creating
ten permanent judge advocates, beginning with
a brigadier general, and I do not know how
many colonels, but I will guaranty with not au
officer below the rank of major.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I believe the
amendment is divisible, and I move to strike
out the first clause of the proposition.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask for the reading
of that clause.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the amendment so that it will read:
Three thousand dollars are hereby appropriated
for the salary of the Solicitor and Naval Judge Advo-
cate General.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now read the
part t,o be stricken out.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out the following words:
That the office of Solicitor and Naval Judge Advo-
cate General be, and the same is hereby, continued
and established.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on striking out the first clause of the
amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. HENDRICKS. At the last session it
■was determined to discontinue this office unless
Congress continued it. That was the language
used at the last session. We are just as ready
to discontinue it now as we shall be a year
from this time; and if it is continued by a
yearly appropriation it simply brings the ques-
tion up next year again. 1 do not believe the
office is needed, and therefore I feel it to be
my duty to oppose the amendment. '
Mr. CRAGIN. I really hope thatthis amend-
ment will be adopted. There is no doubt in
my mind, and the Secretary of the Navy, in
a letter which I have before me, expresses the
same opinion, that it is economy to continue for
the present, at least, this office. I trust the
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As this question is
really to decide whether this office is to be con-
tinued or not I think we might as well decide
it upon the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. Before the yeas and nays
are called I wish to give notice that I shall be
compelled to rise to a privileged question unless
we can dispose of this bill at once. I have
been waiting for half an hour in the hope that
we should get through with this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think we can
dispose of it now.
Mr. CAMERON. If we can get through
with it after this vote I will waive the privileged
question—the announcement of the death of
one of my colleagues in the House of Repre-
sentatives ; if not, I shall be compelled to an-
nounce it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think we can
dispose of the bill in a few moments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, as amended.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 1'2, nays 26; as follows:
YEAri—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, (Vitrei 1, Cragin,
Drake, Kellogg, jNiorrill of Vermont, Nyc, Gsboin,
Patterson of Now Hampshire, Sumner, and Wil-
son—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cameron, Conkling-,
Conncss, Davis. Dixon, Doolittle, Ferry, Fowler,
Hendricks, McOreery, Morgan, Morrill of Maine,
Patterson of Tennessee, Ramsey, Kice, Robertson,
Itoss, Sherman, Trumbull, Viekers, Wade, Warner,
Whyto. Wiiley, and Williams—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard. ChaDdler, Cole, Oor-
fceti, Edmnnds, Fessenden, i'relinghuysen, Grimes,
Harlan, Harris, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Jle-
3ionaM, Morton, Norton, Poraeroy, Pool, Saulsbury,
Sawyer, Spencer, Spragitc, Stewart, Thayer, Tmton,
Van Winkle, Welch, and Yates—28.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill wax reported to the Senate as amend-
ed; and theahiendnienta were concurred in.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to say a few
words before this bill passes, as I was a mem-
ber of ,the committee which reported it, and
shall vote for it.
I think in some way the expenditures of the
Navy Department should be largely reduced.
If I remember correctly, the amount expended
by that Department for the last fiscal year was
$25,000,000, and for the year previous to that
$31,000,000. We have at the end of this bill
as it was sent from the House of Representa-
tives a very singular feature, a sort of speech
on the subject of naval expenditures. We are
informed by a note at the end of the bill that
the total sum appropriated by the bill is
$15,280,466 ; and we are further informed that
this is $2,810,781 less than was required for
the same service for the previous year.
Two facts are to be taken into account when
we consider these appropriation bills, for they
do not represent the whole amount of money
to be expended for the year for which they
are appropriated. Unexpended appropriations
from former years are to be taken into account,
and then we are to consider thafrunder the prac-
tice of the Government—and particularly its
rccent practice—we are ordinarily to expect
deficiency bills. It follows, therefore, that the
aggregate amount of this naval appropriation
bill will not indicate the total amount of ex-
penditure for the year ending June 30, 1870.
Before the war I believe the highest expend-
iture in any one year for the Navy Department
was §13,000,000, and that under what were
alleged to be very exceptional circumstances;
and yet we find that three years after the con-
clusion of the war the expenditures of that
Department were $25,000,000 per annum.
That is the last year for which we have any
official and certain data, any fall information.
We do not know how much the amount will
be for the fiscal year ending on the 30th of
June next. According to the representation
at the end of this bill from the House the
ordinary appropriations are some two or three
million dollars less than they were last year;
but I have no information which leads me to
believe that the expenses of the Navy Depart-
ment will be very greatly reduced. And in
voting this money as we are obliged to do iu
the form in which we have this bill before us,
I, for one, desire to protest against the rate of
expenditure in that Department, and to insist
that at an early day Congress shall interpose
with a stern hand and curb and reduce them
to a moderate level, such as is suited to a time
of peace, when there are no national exigen-
cies either at home or abroad demanding large
expenditures for that Department.
1 do not believe that it is necessary that we
should have large numbers of vessels in foreign
waters or in commission in our own; that a
large force of officers should be kept in com-
mission and_a large body of men in the service
either at home or abroad with reference to any
immediate necessities of the Government or any
prospective necessities for the exertion of pub-
lic authority upon the ocean. Nor do I think
that it is necessary to keep up a large number
of vessels for the purpose of national display,
whether they are to go upon a cruise dancing
up the Mediterranean, or looking into obscure
ports in the xlsiatic seas, or to be stationed in
some of the southern ports in the New World,
where the necessity for theirpresence has never
manifested itself to me, although I have been in
that quarter and know somewhat of the organ-
ization of Governments there and of the degree
of necessity that exists for our being repre-
sented in that part of the world.
Now, sir, take the case of the southern fleet
ordinarily stationed at Rio ; a force of steam-
ers now, formerly of sailing vessels. The
United States minister to Brazil, in a letier of
his recently published, informs us that within
three years past our Government has expended
for the support of our fleet in the waters of
Brazil the sum of $5)000,000. That is the
expenditure upon that one fleet, according to
General Webb, being ,.u; amount exceeding
$1,600,000 per annum. The Dumber of vessels
kept there is unnecessarily large. He proceeds
to inform us what has been the amount of ser-
vice we have obtained from that fleet, incur-
ring, as we do for it, according to his state-
ment, an amount exceeding $1,500,000 per
annum. What has that fleet done for us?
What service have we obtained from it? In
the first place, one of the smaller steamers was
sent in charge of one of the lowest officers, a
lieuteuant, to the harbor of Bahia to greet the
Brazilian flag in that port as an act of national
reparation, which was arranged by diplomacy
after the difficulty in regard to our consul at that
port. The commander in charge of our fleet
sent oijeof hissmaller vessels, I repeat, in charge
of a lieutenant to make national amends in the
harbor of Bahia. What else? A steamer was
sent up the La Plata and the Parana rivers to
Paraguay to conduct the American minister
there upon one occasion, and then last year
another vessel, after a considerable expenditure
of diplomatic correspondence, was sent to bring
him away again. The salutation of the Brazil-
ian flag in the port of Bahia, and the trans-
portation of the American minister to Paraguay,
and his retransportation from Paraguay, con-
stitute the sum total of the service performed
by that fleet, which, according to the American
minister at Rio Janeiro, has cost us the sum of
$5,000,000 during the last three years. Un-
questionably the fleet that we have kept there
is unnecessarily large. A single steamer upon
that eastern coast would be adequate, and it
might make occasional visits to the African
coast, no doubt, if there was any emergency that
called for one of our vessels in that quarter.
I speak of this particular object of outlay by
the Navy Department because it is now freshly
brought to our notice by one of our own minis-
ters abroad, a man of unquestioned ability and
intelligence, however gentlemen may differ with
regard to the prudence of his conduct in some
leading passages of his life; and this sample of
outlay may convey to us a hint of the reason
why in the third year after peace the expendi-
tures of our Navy Department were as high as
§25,000,000 per annum.
Of course the Committee on Appropriations
cannot effectually reach this evil. We are to
vote the money for expenditures authorized
by existing laws. We are to provide the
means by which the obligations of the Gov-
ernment shall be met. It will be for Naval
Committees and for committees devoted to re-
trenchment and reform to reach behind the
question of appropriation to the sources of
outlay and limit and retrench them. I shall
hope that they and the two Houses of Con-
gress, at this session and at the next session,
will see to it that the expenditures of the
Navy Department are brought down to a sum
below $15,000,000 per annum, which I be-
lieve will be entirely adequate for any neces-
sities of the public service. Such reduction
will be approved, nay, I believe it is demanded,
by the public sentiment of the country.
I have said this much, Mr. President, as I
consider myself responsible in a certain sense
for this bill, having voted to report it in com-
mittee, and now intending to vote for it as a
member of the Senate.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
message prom tiib house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheksox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bill
and joint resolution in, which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1812) to allow deputy col-
lectors and assistant assessors of internal reve-
nue acting as collectors or assessors the pay of
collectors or assessors ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 402) proposing
an amendment to the Constitution of the tinned
States.
The message also announced the death of
Hon. Dauwix A. Finney, late a member of the
House from the Stale of Pennsylvania, and
