18(59.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
741
communicated the proceedings of the House
of R«presentatives thereon.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Senator
yield to me for a moment?
Mr. CAMERON. I would yield but for the
fact that the Senator on my right [Mr. Ferry]
will make another motion, and we shall have a
discussion as to what shall be taken up.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Do I understand
the Senator to object to what I am about to
propose?
Mr. CAMERON. I do.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will Jay before the Senate for reference the bills
received from the House of Representatives.
house bills reeekred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1812) to allow deputy
collectors and assistant assessors of internal
revenue acting as collectors or assessors the
pay of collectors or assessors was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 402) pro-
posing an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
death of hon. d a. finney.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the message of the House of Rep-
resentatives, communicating intelligence of
the death of Hon. Darwin A. Finney, late a
member of the House from the State of Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I desire
to formally announce to the Senate the death
of Hon. Darwin A. Finney, a member of the
House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
He died in Brussels, Belgium,* whither he had
traveled in pursuit of health, on the 20th of
August last.
Mr. Finney was born in Vermont in 1814.
He came to Pennsylvania, as I learn, in 1838,
receiving that welcome which all meet from
that hospitable population. He entered Alle-
ghany College, Meadville, and'graduated there,
and choosing the law as a profession was ad-
mitted to the bar in 1842. His professional
attainments I cannot speak of from personal
knowledge, but this much may be justly said
of him, that his failure to reach the highest
rank at the bar of western Pennsylvania did
not prove his want of ability by any means.
One might be an excellent lawyer, and yet fail
to place himself by the side of such men as
Thomas Williams, George P. Hamilton, John
Scott, and Wilson McCandless, and Mr. Fin-
ney probably suffered from a comparison
which few men could successfully encounter.
He was elected to the senate of Pennsyl-
vania in 1854, and served six years in that
body. His friends claimed for him that he was
a good debater, an intelligent legislator, and
a complete master of vituperative eloquence.
The last claim has never been called in ques-
tion. Harshness toward those who differed
from him is not too strong a term to employ
in describing his legislative career.
Very soon after Mr. Finney took his seat in
Congress his sadly failing health forced him
to leave his home for a foreign land, to return
no more alive ; and I now announce his death
to the Senate, and move the adoption of the
customary resolutions of condolence and re-
spect :
Resolved, That the Senate has received with deep
sensibility the announcement of the death of Hon.
Darwin A. Fxnxey. late a member of the House of
Hoj)vt>?ent:itives from the State of Pennsylvania.
Jic-olvaf, That as a mark of respect lor the mem-
ory of Uon. DauwinA. Finnky thoScnate will wear
the usual bad so of mourning tor thirty days.
Jicfolvcd, That as a further market' respect for
the memory of the deceased, the benate do now
adjourn.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I knew
Mr. Finney at one time very well, having
served with him four sessions in the senate of
Pennsylvania. But he resided at the opposite
f*xtreruitv of the State from me, and I have
little information of Jiis career before he be-
came a State senator or since he retired from
that position. I can, however, speak with cer-
tainty regarding hirn so far as he manifested
himself in public service in our State and in
social intercourse at the same time.
He was a man of considerable intelligence.
He was also a man very remarkable for inde-
pendence of mind and of temper. He formed
his own opinions, and he acted an independent
part. Mr. Finney was a respectable lawyer
also, and while he was a member of our senate
he contributed valuable service in the transac-
tion of public business in that body.
I may add that in private association with
him I found him to be a pleasant companion,
and generally he was a man of honorable con-
duct and of upright purpose.
When he was elected to the lower House of
Congress I anticipated with great pleasure a
renewal of our former association. He came
on to Washington, but he remained here only
a short time, when, as has been already stated,
he went abroad with a design of reestablishing
his health and of afterward resuming his place
in Congress. He was accompanied by his wife,
an estimable lady, but his expectations from
his journey abroad were not realized. He sank
under the insidious action of disease and died
in a foreign country. Recently his remains
were brought to New York, and then, under
conduct of a committee of the senate of Penn-
sylvania, to the city of Philadelphia for inter-
ment. The Legislature and people of our State
have manifested due sensibility as well as sin-
cere respect both for his public services and
For his memory.
If I had anticipated that this subject would
come up to-day 1 should have prepared some
remarks giving, so far as I could, an analysis
of his character, public and private. I should
have endeavored to do greater justice than I
am now able to do to my former colleague and
friend. I could not, however, permit this occa-
sion to pass, although the subject comes upon
me unexpectedly, without submitting these few
remarks. They are unstudied but sincere. I
heartily add my voice of respect and regret to
those of others in the two Houses who have
spoken of Mr. Finney's services and character
and recalled the events of his life.
The resolutions were agreed to ncm. con.;
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 30, 1809.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by Rev. Nomas McLeod, of Denver City.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
ordeil or business.
The SPEAKER. This being Saturday, pri-
vate bill day, the first business in order, unless
it should be set aside by the House, is the call-
ing of committees for reports of a private na-
ture, commencing with the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move that the morn-
ing hour of to day be dispensed with, and that
the House now proceed to the consideration
of the joint resolution proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States.
The SPEAKER. That is a privileged mo-
tion.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope that will not be
done.
Mr. ROBINSON. 1 rise to a point oforder.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. ROBINSON. The Speaker has just
announced that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. BoutiYEI.l] has submitted a priv-
ileged motion.
The SPEAKER. He has.
Mr. ROBINSON. I rise to submit this idea
as a point of order : the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Boctwbldu] some days since
submitted a motion to reconsider the votes by
which the House recommitted to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary the joint resolution and
the bill relating to suffrage. That motion to
reconsider, and that motion alone, was a priv-
ileged motion. The motion to reconsider
having been disposed of, the privilege cover-
ing all this business has been exhausted, and
this question now stands naked and unpriv-
ileged before the House. Therefore the regular
order comes up in preference to it, which I now
demand, should the Speaker rule in mv favor.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
one hundred and twenty-eighth rule.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Friday and Saturday in every week shall be set
apart for the consideration of private bills and pri-
vate business in preference to any other, unless
otherwise determined by a majority of the House."
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order made by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Robinson.] The House hav-
ing adjourned while the motion for the pre-
vious question and the motion to lay on the
table the resolution proposing a constitutional
amendment, were pending, that subject would
come up immediately after the reading of the
Journal this morning as unfinished business
pending at the adjournment but for the one
hundred and twenty-eighth rule, which gives
private business on Friday and Saturday pri-
ority, unless a majority of the House should
otherwise determine. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] moves to dis-
pense with private business on this day.
Mr. ROBINSON. I would like to say 
The SPEAKER. The point of order raised
by the gentleman from New York has been
decided. The gentleman is out of order, un-
less he takes an appeal from the decision.
Mr. ROBINSON. I believe, then, I must
take an appeal. I desire to explain that I do
not deny that private bills take precedence to-
day, but I contend that this other subject is
not privileged in its present position, and that
the regular order, whatever it is, has the prefer-
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rule on page 18G of the Digest.
The Clerk read as follows :
14 The consideration of the unfinished business in
which the House may be engaged at an adjournment
shall be resumed as soon as the Journal oi the next
day is read, and at tlie same time each day thereafter
until disposed of: and if from any cause other busi-
ness shall interveneitsha.il lie resumed as soon as
such other business is disposed of."
The SPEAKER. The Chair, under this
rule, decides that the constitutional amend-
ment, pending at the adjournment last evening,
would come up immediately after the reading
of the Journal unless other business having
priority to it should interfoie. Rule 128, pre-
viously read by the Clerk, provides that on Fri-
day and Saturday private business shall have
priority unless a majority of the House other-
wise determine. The gentleman from New
YTork [Mr. Robinson] appeals from this decis-
ion of the Chair. The question is. Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the House?
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of -Illinois. I move
that the appeal be laid on the table.
Mr. ROBINSON. Being anxious not to
consume time, I withdraw the appeal.
deputy revenue collectors, etc.
Mr. SCITENCK. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Boctwell] to yield to me
that I may ask the attention of the House to
a matter which will not occupy more than five
minutes.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I yield to the gentleman
on condition that his business shall not occupy
more than five minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Ccftamittee of Ways and
Means a bill to allow deputy collectors and
assistant assessors of internal revenue acting
as collectors and assessors the pay of collect-
ors and assessors.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read,
after which there will bo an opportunity for
objection.
The bill, which was read, provides that any
deputy collector of internal revenue or assistant
