742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
assessor of internal revenue who has performed
or may hereafter perform, under authority or
requirement of law, the duties of collector of
internal revenue or assessor of internal reve-
nue, in consequence of any vacancy in the office
of such collector or assessor, or on account, of
the suspension from duty or temporary dis-
ability from sickness or other cause of such
collector or assessor, shall be entitled to and
receive the same pay and compensation as is
provided for such collector or assessor in their
districts respectively ; but no such payment is
to be made in any case when the collector or
assessor has received or may be paid compen-
sation for services rendered during the same
period of time.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] who it is that
appoints these assistant collectors and assistant
assessors?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] will please sus-
pend. The Chair must first ask whether there
is objection to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Scbexck] occupying five minutes m explana-
tion of this bill?
There was no objection.
Mr. fjCHENCK. I will say, in reply to the
inquiry of tlie gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Randall,] that the assistant assessors
are appointed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury upon the recommendation of the assess-
ors. The deputy collectors are appointed by
the collectors, who are responsible upon their
bonds for themselves and their deputies also.
Mr. Speaker, my only reason for asking to be
heard even for live minutes upon a bill which 1
know must commend itself to everyone, and
the passage of which has been asked for on all
sides of the House, is that 1 wish to make some
defense of the House of Representatives and
of Congress against a systematic attempt to
slander and decry and misrepresent those who
constitute the legislative body of the United
States. Gentlemen will recollect that iu the
general bill condensing all the internal revenue
laws, which has been pending in this House
since last summer, and is now in the Committee
of the Whole, there is a provision for the pay
of these assistant assessors and deputy collect-
ors who perform the duties of their principals.
That, however, does not go back to past cases.
It was thought not unlikely that when the bill
should come up for final action the Committee
ot Ways and Means might recommend the giv-
ing ot' this relief, even in that general bill, to
those who had thus served in the past. But it
seems now that this general bill is not likely to
be acted on at this session. 1 hope it will be,
but perhaps it may not be. Under these cir-
cumstances the committee conclude to report
a special bill for the purpose of paying these
officers, to meet these meritorious cases in the
past and for the future, it has long been known
by many persons outside of the committee that
this was the determination of the committee.
Now, acting upon this knowledge, certain claim
agents have sent circulars over the country say-
ing they have influence with Congress andean
get such a bill passed, and desiring those inter-
ested m such bill shall agree to pay fifty per
cont. of the amount they will get under the bill
to those agents. Let me read one of these
circulars:
Washington. D.C.. December I. 18SS.
Sir: Certain influential parties, with myself, will
uii.lei take at the coming session of Congress to ob-
tain the passage of a law securing lor you the pay-
ment of the salary and fees you are properly entitkd
to for the time during which yon aoted as collector
for the eighth district of Kentueky, namely, from the
4th day of March, 1867, to the 27th day of March,
1867. vice Mr. E. L. Cockrill, but which the Treasury
Depaitment has now no tyithorityin law to pay you.
Wo shall require as our compensation fifty per cent,
oi the amount duo you, and wilt thank you to state
to mo as soon ar may bo whether you are willing to
allow it to us. We desn;e to preserve this matter as
much as possible from notoriety, as otherwise it
misrht hinder onr etforts.
Very respectfully,yours.
Mr. VASHBURNE, o{ Illinois. What is
the name?
Mr. SCHENCK. I shall not disclose the
name, because we sent for the gentleman, had
him before the committee, interrogated him,
found that be had acted, as he admitted him-
self, very wrongly ; that he was penitent for it,
and was willing and volunteered to write lo
every one to whom he had addressed this cir-
cular confessing this wrong; and we found that
and he had been in other respect^agood oitienz
deserved much from the Government—indeed
had received a medal of honor for his services
all through the war, showing what his loyalty
was. We therefore concluded on the whole to
suppress the name; but 1 give the form of the
circular, remarking when I do so that this is
an old game. It is not infrequently the case
that claim agents, attorneys, lobbyists, and
prowlers around Congress find out what is likely
to be done by a committee or by Congress, and
then speculate upon it under pretense that it
is through their influence it is obtained to be
done, and thus rob of their just dues those
claimants against the Government.
Iu this case there was a call made to get the
names of all persons who, iu sums from five
to ten dollars up to several hundred, would be
entitled to compensation under a bill of this
kind; and taking advantage of that document
such circulais were addressed by one or more
persons to every one of these men, and we
have ascertained that some twenty have already
agreed to give one half of what Congress would^,
give to them under a bill of this kind for the '*•
meritorious and influential services of those
geni^etnen who were getting Congress to pass
the bill, it being known all the time that the
Committee of Ways and Means, upon the mere
ground of simple justice, had virtually reported
such a l?il!. intending to make it a matter upon
which they would ask special action of Con-
gress. I say that it is an old game. I have
personal knowledge, in a former Congress, in
one instance where a man levied upon a claim-
ant the large sum of $10,000, and actually
received it for influencing a member of a com-
mittee to obtain a particularly favorable report,
when that member of Congress never knew he
had heard of the rascal before in his life.
The SPEAKER. The time of the gentle-
man has expired.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope I may be permit-
ted to have one minute more.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection? The
Chair hears none.
Mr. SCHENCK. Now. sir, Ido notassume
for members of Congress that we are any bet-
ter than the rest of the world, and I hope I
ought not to confess that we are any worse
than the same number of respectable gentle-
men in public or in private life anywhere. But
there is a systematic, fashionable abuse all
through the country, stimulated by letter wri-
ters, occasion being given to it by these prowl-
ing agents around us. to bring Congress into
discredit, and I thought it my duty in behalf
not only of my committee, but of members of
Congress, to ventilate a case of this kind.
Having done it, I want to add to the remarks
I have already made a warning to all assistant
assessors and deputy collectors who may be
entitled to receive anything under this bill, if
it should pass, that they are not indebted one
cent to any claim agent or lobbyist whatever,
but that Congress gives to them what is justly
their due, and they should give a kick to any
such man who comes to them rather than pence.
Theie being no objection, the bill (H. R. No.
1812) to allow deputy collectors and assistant
assessors of internal revenue acting as col-
lectors or assessors the pay of collectors and
assessors, was read a first and second time.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsid'er be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order. of business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [M.r Boutwell] inovi-s to dispense
with the rule by which there shall be a morn-
ing hour to-day for private business, and lhat
the House shall proceed wiih the business
pending at the adjournment, last evening
Mr. VVASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 hope lie
will enlarge the motion, so as to dispense widi
the morning hour."
The SPEAKER. The motion, as it stands,
will effect that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. And per-
mit me to make the remark that the Committee
on Appropriations have disposed of every bill
before them, so that they have nothing before
them now; and, if we intend to get through the
appropriation bills it is necessary that my col-
league [Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts] should
be able to get up the Indian appropriation bill
to-day and finish it.
The SPEAKER. If private business should
be dispensed with to-day it will be dispensing
with the morning hour altogether; so that as
soon as the pending business is disposed of it
will be in order to go into Committee of the
Whole on the appropriation bills.
The question being taken on dispensing with
the rule, it was agreed to—-dyes 80, noes 40.
SUFFRAGE.
The SPEAKER. The House now resumes
the consideration of the unfinished bu.Muess
pending at the adjournment yesterday, being
the joint resolution (LI. It. No. 402) propos-
ing an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, the pending question being on
themotiou of the ge-.tlemau lrom Illinois, [Mr.
Buiui,] to lay the constitutional amendment
with the pending amendments oil the table, on
which the yeas and nays have been demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 41, nays 131, not voting
50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Axtell, Beck, Boyden, Boyer,
Brooks.Burr, Oary.Chanler, Coburn, Eldi idgc, Fox,
Getz. Golladay, Grover,Haight,Hawkins.Hoichkiss,
Humphrey, Jenckes, johnson. Xsioin.is L. Jones,
Kerr, Knott, Marshall. McCoruiick, Mungen, Nib-
lack, .Nicholson, Phelps, Polslcy, Pruyu. Randall,
Robinson. Ross,Sitgreaves, Xaber.'iitt, Van Aukcn,
Van Trump, John T. Wiison, and Young—41.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison. Arneil, Dclos K. Ashley,
James II. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Banks,
Beaman, Beatty, Benton, Bingham, Blame, Biair,
Boles, Bontwell, Bi'omvvell, Broosn.ill, Bueklaid,
Buckley, Benjamin F.Butler', Cake, Caliis, i-hurch-
ill, Sidney Clarke, Ciilt, Cobb, Oo\ode. Cullom,
Dawes,Delano. Deiveece. Dockery, Dodge, Donnelly,
Driggs, Ecktey.lsdwards.Eggleston. ThoiuasD. Eliot,
JauiesT. Elliott, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields,French, Gar-
field.Goss, Gove. Gravely,Griswold. Hamilton, Hard -
inft, lieaton, Iligby, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D.
Hubbard, ilulburd. Hunter. Alexander II. Jones.
Judd, Julian, Kelley. Kellogsr, Kolaey, iietchatu,
Koontz, Lash, William Lawrence, Loan. Logan,
Lougbndge, Lynch, Marvin.Maynard, McK.ee, Mer-
cur. Miller, Moore. Mooraead, Morrell. Muliitis,
Myers, Neweoinb. Norris, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Perham. Peters, Pierce, Pike, Pile, Plants,
Prieo, Prince, Raum, Robertson, Roots, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scofield, Shanks, Shellabarger, Smith,
Spalding, Starkweather, Stokes, Stover, Sypher,
TatTe, Taylor, John Trimble, Trowbi idge, Twichell,
Upson, Van Aernain. Bart Van Horn, Robert T.
Van tlorn, Van Wyck, Ward.Cadwaiader C. u ash-
burn, Henry D. Washbuin, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Wiiliam \V iliia.iiis, James F._ Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson. Windotn, and Woodbridge—131.
SOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson,
Archer, Barnes, Barnurn, Benjamin, Blackburn,
Bo wen. Hod ci lek K. Butler, R. jador W. Clarke, Cook,
Coney. Cornell, Dickey. Dixon, Ela, Ku nswoi til,
Glossbrenner, Jl.ilsey, Ilaughey, Hill, liolinan,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Ilictiard D. Bubbaid, In-
gersoll, Kitchen. Lallin, George V. Lawienee, Lin-
coln, Mallor.y, McCarthy, McCullough, Morrissey,
Newsham, Pettis. Poland, Potncroy, Selyo, Stevens.
Stewart, Stone. Thomas,Lawrence 3.Trimble,Vidal,
Elihu B. Washburne, Wluttemore, Thomas "Wil-
liams, Wood, and Woodward—50.
So the House refused to iay the joint reso-
j ltition on the table.
j During the roll-call,
; Mr. N1BLACK said : I desire to say that my
j colleague, Mr. Holmax, has been called home
j by the sickness of a member of bis family. If
I he were herehe would vote "ay,'" beingopposed
i to this whole proposition in ail its forms.
1 Mr. ROBINSON said: I am requested by
< my colleague, Mr. Babuls, who is absent by
