1809.
VthX
lrorl AT>.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
743
leave of the House, to saythathe is paired off
with Mr. Ames on this subject. If he were
here he would vote in the affirmative.
Mr. WE LEER said: My colleague, Mr.
Clarke, is detained at his room by sickness.
If he were here he would vote "no."
Mr. SCOEIELD stated that Mr. Vidal was
confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. MARVIN stated that Mr. Cornell was
absentonaceountofiilness. If present he would
vote ''no."
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER stated that on this
and on all other questions upon which parties
are divided he was paired until Monday next,
including the sessions of that day, with his
colleague from the Mercer district, Mr. Pet-
tis.] He [Mr. Glossbrexxer] would vote
against the proposed amendment to the Con-
stitution in whatever form it might be pre-
sented, and Mr. Pettis would sustain sub-
stantially the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
The result of the vote having been an-
nounced as above recorded, the question re-
curred upon seconding the demand for the
previous question on the pending amendments
made by Mr. Boutwell last evening.
Leave was granted to Mr. Broomall, Mr.
Blackburn, Mr. Arxell, and Mr. Welker to
print speeches on the pending measure. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I withdraw the
modifications of amendment which I offered
yesterday, so as to leave the amendment as it
was originally printed, and I ask that it may
be read.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
No State shall make or enforoc any [aw which shall
deny or abridge to any male citizen of the United
States of the age of twenty-one years or over, and
who is of sound mind, an equal vote at all elections
in the State in which he shall have such actual resi-
dence sus shall be prescribed by law, except to such
as have engaged or may hereafter engage in insur-
rection or rebellion against theUnited States, and to
such as shall be duly convicted of treason, felony,or
other infamous crime.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would ask the gentle-
man from Ohio if he is not willing to strike
out from his amendment that exception in
regard to persons convicted of crime or con-
viction of any other thing which may be con-
sidered or made to be crime, so that the bill
or joint resolution shall only be prospective in
its effect?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I do not know
that I exactly understand the point of the
inquiry. If the gentleman means to inquire
whether I would not consent to strike out the
exception of that class who must be convicted
before they could be disfranchised, I reply that
I would not.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman will
allow me, I will state what I desire.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] yield for that
purpose?
Mr. BOUTWELL. As I understand the
proposition as modified by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] it is now precisely
the proposition which he originally submitted
to the House and which was printed, he having
withdrawn the modifications which he sug-
gested yesterday.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. That is right.
Mr. BOUTWELL. On the other hand, the
proposition reported by the committee stands
without any alteration whatsoever, except that
the definite article •'the" before the word
race " has been stricken out. Therefore the
debate which took place yesterday was appro-
priate to these two propositions precisely as
they stand. If we open the subject to-day for
debate, I do not know how, if the matter is to
be left to me, I can regulate" it consistently
with the business of the House or with the
appeals that are made to me on both sides of
the House. I suggest, therefore, that it is bet-
ter that we should come to a vote upon these
propositions, which are jprobably now under-
stood.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not wish to make
a speech or an argument on the subject. I
only wish to suggest to the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] a modification of
his amendment which I would desire.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish now that
we may have it distinctly understood how these
propositions stand. Am I right in supposing
that the proposition of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Boctwell,] or rather of
the Committee on the Judiciary, stands now
just as it was reported, with the exception of
the change by striking out the word " the"
before the word '' race ?''
Mr. BOUTWELL. There has been no other
change.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. And the provis-
ions suggested yesterday in relation to qualifi-
cations grounded on intelligence, &c., are now
out of the case?
Mr. BOUTWELL. They were voted down
yesterday by the House two to one.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to make a sug-
gestion.
Mr. BOUTWELL. If I yield it will open
the matter to debate.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not desire to debate,
hut to suggest to the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Shellabarger] a modification of the
amendment he has proposed.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Very well ; let the sug-
gestion be made without debate.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to say that every
feeling and sentiment of my nature is against
ex postfac.tr> laws and the conviction by act
of Congress of any person for a crime which
he may have committed heretofore. I desire,
therefore, that the gentleman from Ohio shall
so modify his amendment as to make it apply
to future offenses, to crimes hereafter to be
committed only, that we shall not by act of
Congress convict men of crime and inflict
penalties not provided for when the act was
committed.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I must insist upon my
demand for the previous question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does that apply to thrf
joint resolution as well as to the amendments
which have been offered, so that the House
will be brought to a vote upon all the pending
propositions?
The SPEAKER. It does..
Mr. ELDRIDGE. And we shall be obliged
to vote upon the amendments which have
already been offered, and then upon the joint
resolution itself, without opportunity to move
further amendments?
The SPEAKER. That will be the effect of
the previous question, as moved by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell,]
if the House shall sustain the call and order
the main question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I appeal to the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] to allow
me to make some verbal changes m mv amend-
ment before the previous question is ordered.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Certainly.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
right under the rules of the House to modify
his amendment before the previous question is
seconded.
Mr. BINGHAM. The changes I have made
in my amendment are merely verbal, not in any
manner changing the substance of the proposi-
tion which I presented on yesterday. 1 ask the
Clerk to read it as modified.
The Clerk read as follows:
No State shall makeor enforce any law which shall
abridge or deny to any male citizen of the United
States of sound mind and twonty-one years of age or
upward the exercise of the elective franchise at ail
elections in the State wherein he shall have actually
resided for a period of one year next preceding such
election, (subject to such registration laws and laws
prescribing local residence as the State may enact,J
except such of said citizens as shall engage m re°®':
lion or insurrection, or who may have been, or shall
except such of said citizens as
lion or insurrection, or who nt,   
be, J u;y convieted of treasonor other lniamouscnine.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman allow
me to make an inquiry?
Mr. BOUTWELL. Very well.
Mr SCHENCK. I understand the propo-
sition of the Committee on the Judiciary to be
the same now as it was originally reported,
excepting the article "the'! before the word
" race," has been stricken out.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Yes.
Mr. SCHENCK. And the proposition now
offered by my colleague [Mr. Shellabarger]
on behalf of a number of members from Ohio,
including myself, is the same as it was first
offered. The interlineations and modifications
made in the proposition yesterday by my col-
league was upon the suggestion of a great num-
ber of persons. Upon consultation, however,
we have concluded that the proposition had
better be restored to its original form ; and I
wanted four or five minutes in which to express
the reasons why I have advised that the modifi-
cations proposed yesterday be taken out as being
unnecessary. I will confine myself to that simple
question.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I think I must, under
the circumstances, yield to the gentleman for
five minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. Knowing how many of us
are represented by my colleague [Mr. Shel-
labarger] in the substitute he has offered, I
need not say I approve the form, that it shall
he in the shape of an inhibition to the States.
Yesterday, when the proposition was pending,
many gentlemen, among them the gentlemau
from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] and' his
colleague, [Mr. Bdtlee,] objected that unless
there was something saving to the States the
power to regulate the exercise of the elective
franchise this noted proposition would virtu-
ally repeal or be repugnant to the passage of
any registry law. Now, I conceive there is
nothing in that objection. At first it seemed
to be plausible, and yielding to that plausibility
my colleague, [Mr. Shellabarger,] with the
consent of others, agreed to modify the prop-
osition. He now withdraws the modification.
I think it necessary to have the modification
withdrawn, because if there be anything in the
argument presented by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutweli.,] that it inter-
feres with the possibility of having registry
laws, then upon the same argument we could
have no registration laws now.
Look, for instance, at the constitution of
Massachusetts. What does it provide? It
provides in absolute terms that every male citi-
zen who has attained the age of twenty-one
years, who has resided in the Commonwealth
one year, and within the district six months,
and who has paid certain taxes, shall be per-
mitted to vote; and to this is added by the
twentieth article of the amendments an educa-
tional requirement. Now, a man in Massachu-
setts goes to the polls and offers to vote. He
shows that he is twenty-one years of age ; that
he has always resided within the State ; that he
is a citizen ; that he can read the Constitution
in the English language and write his name,
yet objection is made to the reception of bis
vote. Why? Because he has not registered.
He points to the Constitution and says, "By
the Constitution it is provided that every man
having these qualifications, which 1 possess,
shall have the right to vote." The reply is,
"That Constitution implies the necessity of
prescribing by law regulations under which the
votes shall be cast." If this were not so, the
registry law now in force in Massachusetts
would beunconstitutional. But does any gentle-
man here pretend to say that it is so? A man
possessing all the qualifications which by the
express terms of the Constitution are requisite
to make him an elector, presents himself at the
polls, and is told, ''Stand back, because you
are not registered." This goes to show that
these provisions as to the qualifications of elec-
tors do not, in the slightest degree, inteifere
with the power of the Legislature of the State
to adopt proper regulations under which the
votes shall be cast. Hence, any exception of
the kind proposed here for the purpose of sav-
ing that right to the States is unnecessary.
Besides, sir, the language of this amendment is
still stronger, because it contains flm word
