7-44
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE,/
,j£l   
January 30,
u equal; " it provides for securing to citizens
ao u equalright to vote.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask my
colleague [Mr. Boutwell] to yield to me for a
moment.
Mr- BOUTWELL. I think I had better
bring the debate to a close; and I may as well
make an example in the case of my colleague
by refusing to yield to him.
Mr. Speaker, I only wish to say that the dis-
tinctions and differences of opinion which
have been evolved by the debate in regard to
the effect of the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Ohio afford to my mind con-
clusive evidence that if we submit the amend-
ment in that form to the country we shall
introduce in every State confusion, discord,
and contention as to what the effect of the pro-
vision will be. But the amendment reported
by the Judiciary Committee is directed against
tho.se distinctions which have been brought
prominently before the country, and on which
substantially public opinion, as entertained by
the Republican party, has been expressed. We
are safe if we stand upon the resolution re-
ported by the committee ; and, in my judgment,
we are unsafe if we accept what we ourselves
confessedly arte unable to understand in such
a way as to come to an agreement upon it.
I now demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded ; there
being—ayes 114, noes 35.
The main question was ordered: which was
first upon Mr. Siiellabarger's amendment to
the amendment of Mr. Bingham.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Strike out in the amendment of Mr. Bingham the
provision proposed to be inserted in lieu of section
one of the proposed new article of the Constitution,
and insert iu lieu thereof the following:
ISo State shall make or enforce any law which
shall deny or abridge to any male citizen of the
United State? of the ;ige of twenty-one years or over,
and who is of sound mind, an equal vote at all elec-
tions in the State in which hcshall have such actual
residence as sbail bo prescribed by law, except to
such as have engaged or may hereafter engage in
insurrection or rebellion against the United States,
and to such as shall be duly convicted of treason,
felony, or other infamous crime.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish to inquire whether
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. SiiELLABAiiGKii,J as now modified, con-
tains in the fifth and sixth lines this language :
^Sucli actual residence as shall be prescribed
by law, except to such as have engaged,1' &c. ?
The SPEAKER. The amendment, as it
now stands, has been printed, and is printer's
No. (573.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a point of order.
I submit that no gentleman, not even the gen-
tleman from Ohio, has the right to ingraft
upon the instrument framed by Washington,
Madison, Hamilton, Franklin, and their com-
peers such bad English as that contained in
the clause I have just read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. It is not the province of the
Chair to decide upon points of grammar, or
questions as to what is 11 bad English.'1 Such
questions must be determined by the judgment
of the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to suggest to the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabargeb]
that the phrase ''of sound mind'5 which he has
inserted in his amendment will exclude a very
large portion of the Republic n party. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. MULLTNS. It would exclude all of
the party of the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Eldkidoe.]
Tne SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The House is acting under the operation of
the previous question.
Mr. GARFIELD. I call for the yeas and
nays on agreeing to this amendment.
The yeas and na}Tswere ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 63, nays 126, not voting
35; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. DelosR. Ashley, Bald win,Beaman,
Beatty. Benton, Boles, Bowen, Broomall, Buckland,
Cake, CUffc, Cobb, Coburn. Cullom, Dawes, Delano,
Eckley, Bgglestoa, Ela, James T. Elliott, French,
Gravely, Hamilton. Hawkins, Hooper. Chester T>.
Hubbard, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, George V.
Lawrence. William Lawrence, Loan, Logan. May-
nard, Muliins, Newsham, Norris, Orth, Pame, Plants,
Polsley, Price, Prince. Sawyer, Schenck. Scofield,
Shanks, Shellabarger. Starkweathor, Stokes, Sypher,
Twichell, Robert. T. Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Henry D. Washburn, William B.
Washburn. Welker. Whittemore, and William Wil-
liams—61.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Archer, Arnell, James M.
Ashley, Axtell, Bailey, Baker. Banks, Barnum, Beck,
Benjamin, Bingham,Blaine,Blair,Boutwell, Boyden,
Boyer, Bromwell, Brooks, Burr, Benjamin 1?. Butler,
CalKs.Cary, Chanler, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cook,
Corley, Covode, Deweese, Dockery, Bodge, Donnelly,
Driggs, Edwards, Eldndge, Thomas D.Eliot, Ferriss,
Ferry, Fields, Fox, Garfield, Getz, Golladay, Goss,
Gove. Griswold, Grover, Haight, Halsey, Harding,
Haughey, Heaton, Higby, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Hul-
burd, Humphrey, Hunter, Jenckes, Johnson, Alex-
ander H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Keteham,
Knott, Koontz, Laflin, Lash, Lincoln, Loughridge,
Marshall, Marvin, McCormiek, McCullough, McKee,
Mercur, Miller, Moore, Morrell, Mungcn, Myers,
Newcomb, Niblack, Nicholson, Nunn, O'Neill, Per-
ham, Peters, Phelps, Pierce, Pike, Pile, Poland,
Pruyn, Randall, Raum, Robertson, Robinson, Roots,
Ross, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding, Stewart, Stone,
Stover, Tahcr, TafFe, Taylor, Thomas, Tift, John
Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Van
Auken, Burt Van Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyck,
John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wmdom, Wood-
bridge, Woodward, and Young—126.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson,
Barnes, Blackburn, Buckley, Roderick R. Butler,
Reader W. Clarke, Cornell, Dickey, Dixon, Farns-
worth, Glossbrenner, Hill, Molman, AsahelW. Hub-
bard, Richard D. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Kellogg,
Kitchen, Lynch, Mallory, McCarthy, Moorhead, Mor-
rissey, Pettis, Pomeroy. Selye, Stevens, Lawrence S.
Trimble, Vidal,EJihu B. Washburne, Thomas Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, and Wood—35.
So Mr. Shellabarger's amendment to the
amendment of Mr. Bixgham was not agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr, SCHENCK stated that his colleague,
Mr. Clarke, was detained from the House
by illness, and if present would have voted for
the amendment.
Mr. BOUT WELL said: As between the
amendments I should be for that of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabarger;] but
as I am against all amendments, I shall vote no.
Mr. MAYNARD said: I am so much op-
posed to the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Biagham] that I do not wish
to be put in the attitude of seeming to indorse
it, ana shall theiefore vote ay.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to redbnsider the
vote by which the amendment was rejected ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Bixg-
ham's amendment, as follows:
Strike out all of article one and insert as follows :
Section J. No State shall make or enfmee any ia.w
which shall deny or abridge to any male citizen of
the United States of sound mind and twenty-one
years of age or upward the equal excrciso of the
elective franchise at all elections in the State wherein
he shall have actually resided for a period of one
year next preceding such election, subject to such
registration laws and laws prescribing local residence
as the State may enact, except such of said citizens
as shall engage in rebellion or insurrection, or who
may have been, or shall be, duly convicted of treason
or other infamous crime.
Mr. WARD demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; aud it was decided
in the negative—yeas 21, nays 100, not voting
38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Axtell, Baker, Bingham. Brooks,
Deweese, Dockery, Eldndge, Garfield, Haight, Hea-
ton, Hotchkiss, Alexander II. Jones, McCullough,
Phelps, Plants, Robinson, Ross, Spalding, Stew-
art, Stone, Tift, John T. Wilson, Woodward, and
Young—24.
NAYS—Messis. Allison, Arnell, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley. Bailey. Banks, Beaman, Beatty,
Beck, Benjamin, Benton, Blaine, Blair, Boles, Bout-
well, Bowen, Boyden, Boyor, Bromwell, Broomall,
Buckland, Buckley, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake,
Callis, Gary, Chanlcr, Chuichill, Sidney Clarke, Clilt,
Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Corley, Covode, Cullom, Dawes,
Graveiv, Griswold, Grover, Halsey, Hamilton, Har-
ding, Hawkins, Higby, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Hunter, Jenckes,
Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley,
Kellogg, Kelsey. Kerr, Keteham, Koontz, Laflin,
Lash, George V.Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lin-
coln, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory, Mar-
shall, Marvin, Mayuard, McCormiek. McKee, Mor-
cur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Muliins
Mungen, Myers, Newcomb, Newsham, Niblack*
Norris, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters'
Pierce, Pike. Poland, Polsley, Price, Prince, Pruyn*
Randall, Raum, Robertson, Hoots, Sawyer, Schenck,'
Scofield, Selye, Shanks, Shellabargcr, Sitgreaves'
Smith. Starkweather, Stokes, Stover, Sypher, Taber
Taffc, Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge, TwicheJl, Upson*
Van Aernam, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Robert
T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Ward, Cad-
walader C.Washburn, HenryD.Washburn, William
B. Washburn, Welker, Whittemore, Thomas Wil-
liams, William Williams. Stephen F. Wilson, Win-
dom, and Woodbridge—160.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson,
Archer,Baldwin, Barnes, Barnum, Blackburn, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Reader W. Clarke, Cornell, Dickey,
Dixon, Dodge, Edwards, Farnsworth, Glossbrenner,
Haughey, Hill, Holman, Asahcl W,'Hubbard, Rich-
ard D. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Kitchen, Knott, McCar-
thy, Morrissey, Nicholson, Pettis, Pile, Pomeroy, Ste-
vens, John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble, Vidal,
ElihuB.Washburne, JamesF. Wilson, and Wood—38.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred on ordering the
joint resolution to be engrossed.
Mr. WOODWARD demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. BROOKS. I demand a division of the
question.
The SPEAKER. There can be no division
of a bill or a joint resolution, although there
may be of a single resolution. Internal im-
provement bills are specially excepted by the
rules, and there may be a division on the
engrossment of each item.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield to me to have a vote on my
amendment for the enfranchisement of women
and children over twelve years of age?
Mr. BOUTWELL. The gentleman is not
serious in that inquiry.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 144, nays 45, not vot-
ing 33; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Allison, Arnell, DelosR, Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman,
Beatty.Benjamin,Benton. Blaine, Blair, Boles,Bout-
well, Bowen, Boyden, Bromwell, Broomall, Buck-
land, Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake, Cailis,
Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Ciift, Cobb, Coburn. Cor-
ley, Covode, Cullom, Dawes. Delano, Deweese,Dock-
ery, Dodge. Driggs, Eckley, Edwards, Eggleston, Ela,
TttomasD. Eliot, Jam e&T. Ell iott.Farnswoxth.Feiiiss,
Ferry, Fields, French, Garfield, Goss, Gove. Gravely,
Griswold, Hamilton,Harding, Heaton, Higby, Hoop-
er, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter,
Jenckes, Alexander II. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley,
Kellogg. Kelsey. Keteham, Koontz, Lailin. Lash,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lincoln,
Loan, Logan, Louehridge, Lynch, Marvin, Mnynard,
McKee, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell,
Muliins, Myers, Newcomb, Newsham, Norris, Nunn,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pierce, Pike,
Pile,Plants, Poland,Price, Piince, Raum,Robeitson,
Roots. Sawyer, Scofield, Selye, Shanks. Shellabarger,
Smith,Starkweather,Stewart, Stokes, Stover,Sypher,
Taffe, Taylor, Thomas John Tumble, Trowbridge,
Twichell, TJpson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Robcit T. Van Horn, Van Wyck. Ward. Cadwala-
der C. Washburn, Henry D. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Welker, Whittemore, Thomas Williams,
William Williams, James F. WiUon, Stephen F.
Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—H*.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Baker, Barnum,
Beck. Bingham,Boyer,Brooks, Burr, Gary, Chanler,
Eldridge, Fox, Getz, Golladay, Grover, Haight,
Hawkins, Hotchkiss, Humphrey, Johnson, Thomas
L. Jones, Kerr, Knott, Marshall, McCormick, Mun-
gen, Niblack, Nicholson, Phelps, Polsley, Pruyn,
Randall.Robinson. Ross, Sitgreaves. Spalding, Stone,
Taber. Tift, Van Auken, Van Trump, John T. Wil-
son. Woodward, and Young—45.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson,
Barnes. Blackburn, Roderick R. Butler, Reader W.
Clarke, Cook, Cornell, Dickey, Dixon, Donnelly.
Glossbreruier, Halsey, Haughey, Hill, Holmaii, Asa-
hel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Ingersoll,
Kitchen, Mallory, McCarthy, McCullough, Morris-
sey. Pcttif. Pomeroy, Schenck, Stevens, Lawrence S.
Trimble, Vidal, ElihuB.Washburne, and Wood—33.
So the joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
During the roll-call,
Mr. BLAINE said ; At the icquest of the
gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Wasiiburxe, I
desire to say that he was compelled to leave
the House by ill health, but if presenthe would
have voted for the resolution of the committee.
Mr. BENTON. I am requested on behalf
of my colleague, Mr. Stevens, to say that he
is absent in consequence of sickness. If here
he would no doubt vote "ay."
Mr. NIBLACK. I am authorized to say in
behalf of my colleague. Mr. IIolmax, that if
presenthe would vote against the resolution.
