1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
gentleman from Massachusetts could have seen
an elm iree in Kensington, Philadelphia, under
which l ite only treaty was made which was made
without an oath and without an armed force,
and winch was not violated. That treaty was
made by William Penn with the Indians, and
was observed religiously in all of its provisions.
I am sorry that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts is ignorant of that example of Wiliiam
Penn.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I agree
that was religiously observed. One of the pro-
visions of that treaty was that he should have
as much land as a man could walk over in one
day, and a Quaker was found who walked over
four hundred miles in one day. [Laughter.]
Mr. Woodward rose.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must
move an amendment to the amendment, as dis-
cussion is exhausted on the amendment.
Mr. WOODWARD. I move to strike out
the last word. William Penn ia his intercourse
with the Indian tribes treated them with entire
integrity. Whatheboughthepaidfor. Various
metes and bounds were used to designate the
interior country; which was but little known,
and if any mistake was made it was corrected as
soon as detected. Wherever laud was purchased
it was paid for to the entire satisfaction of the
Indians. They received all that he agreed to
give them, and the Indians never found better
friends or men in whom they had more confi-
dence than the governers he sent out.
Mr. Chairman, the Commonwealth of Penn-
svlvania was founded on the policy of peace
with the Indians, and if the nation had been
wise enough to take the hint we would not have
had miserable Indian wars on onr borders.
Mr. BURLEIGH. What did the Indians in
Pennsvlvania get but blankets and beads ?
Mr. "WOODWARD. Penn'? family never
made anything out of Pennsylvania. After the
Revolution the estate was turned over to the
Stale. I withdraw my amendment to the
amendment.
The question being put on the amendment of
Mr. C.waxauoh, there were—ayes 8, noes 34 ;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wood-
ward, and Bctler of Massachusetts, were ap-
pointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 27. noes 54.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I withdraw the amend-
ment. I will ask a vote on it in the Honse.
The Cleric resumed the reading of the bill.
Mr. WOODWABD. I move that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
state to the committee that at four o'clock I
will move to lay aside this bill for the purpose
of allowing the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Woodward] to address the House. _
Mr. WOODWARD. The House is very thin
now: it is half past three o'clock Saturday
afternoon. I am obliged to beaway during
the first part of next week, and I would like
verv much to be able to address the House
half an hour now.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
move, then, that the bill be laid aside, and
that the committee proceed to the considera-
tion of the President's message of 186/.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Does the gen-
tleman intend t.o resume the consideration of
this bill to dav? ,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 do not.
The motion was agreed to; and the commit-
tee accordingly proceeded to the consideration
of the President's annual message ot lbb7.
civil service bii.l.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Chairman, when
I observed with what favor the civil service bill
of thehonorablegentleman from Rhode Island
[Mr. Jexckes] was received by the public, bow
it was commended by leading newspapeis,
reviews, and magazines, and what numerous
and emphatic indorsements he had obtaine
for it by interrogatories addressed to the whole
corps of officials, I supposed its passage in this
House was a matter of course. I confess, too, I
feared the Republican party would adoptit as a
policy, for it was quite apparent that it could be
so worked as to exclude everybody from the
civil service except the devotees of that party.
Besides, the occasion seemed to demand legis-
lation, and thehemorablegentleman had spared
no pains or labor to adapt bis bill to the de-
mands of the occasion. In view of all these
circumstances, I feared the passage of the bill
was a foregone conclusion, and hence the
manly and heavy blows directed against it by
tbe honorable gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] surprised and gratified me. It was
impossible that it was to become a party meas-
ure, else so strict a partisan as the gentleman
from Illinois would not oppose it; and though
he was the only man wh# made a full speech
against it when it was last up, yet enough
transpired to show that very many Repub-
licans sympathized in his opposition. Indeed,
from all indications it is almost certain that the
bill cannot command a considerable vote in
the House, and perhaps all that ought to be
done further in respect of it would be to give it
decent burial. Still, the powerful influences
which the gentleman from Rhode Island has
shown he can wield in behalf of his bill may
reanimate it, and, at any rate, the occasion
invites, as naturally as any one that is likely
to occur, an expression of opinion upon several
topics suggested by the bill.
In expressing myself freely in opposition to
tbe bill I wish to do full justice to the honor-
able mover. The industry and zeal he has
manifested 111 its behalf are worthy of all com-
mendation. It would be well for the people
if all great measures were as carefully scrutin-
ized and considered before they are rushed
through the forms of legislation. If the vul-
nerable points of his measure are easily dis-
cerned, it is because of the flood of light the
houorable gentleman has himself poured over
the whole subject.
The bill assumes that great abuses exist m
the civil service by appointing incompetent
and dishonest men to office and retaining them
in place, and that these abuses are to be rem-
edied by subjecting every applicant for office
to a competitive examination to be conducted
by a board of five officers, of whom the Vice
President is to be the chairman. The country
is to be divided into districts by this board, and
either by themselves or by such assistants as
they have power to appoint, without limit, each
applicant is to be examined, lists are to, be
made out, probations are to be prescribed, the
order of merit is to be fixed, and all appoint-
ments to civil offices, excepting only postmas-
ters and such officers as are by law required to
be appointed with the advice and consent of
the Senate, " shall be made from those who
have passed the required examinations and pro-
bations" in a certain prescribed order, (bee
section four of the bill.)
The board are to establish rules for exam-
inations and rulesforthe advancement, oneoi
more points, of any persons^ exhibiting par-,
ticular merit in any branch ot the civil service,
and one fourth of promotions may be made
Oil account of merit irrespective of seniority
in service. The board shall also prescribe by
general rules what misconduct or inefficiency
shall be sufficient for the removal or suspension
of all officers who come within the act, and
they are to hear and determine any case of
alleged misconduct or inefficiency, and the
head of the Department is to suspend or dis-
miss according to the finding of the hoard.
/Any officer in the civil service at the date
k this act other than those m the excepted
classes may be required by the head of his
Department to appear before the boa^a°°
if found not qualified shall^be reported for
dismissal and be dismissed. Finally, thePresi
dent and Senate may require any person ap-
plying for office which requires
by the Senate to appear before said boaid and
bo examined as to his qualifications before or
after being commissioned, and the result of
such examination shall be reported to the
President and Senate. This twelfth section
will draw all the excepted classes of the second
section within the jurisdiction of the board,
and thus practically the board will become the
appointing power throughout the civil service.
The board of commissioners is made a de-
partment of the Government, the head of which
shall be the Vice President of the U nited States,
or, in ease of a vacancy in said office, the Presi-
dent of the Senate for the time being. I share
the doubts intimated by the honorable gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] as to the
constitutionality of this "department." The
Constitution manifestly contemplated govern-
mental Departments, which the acts of the First
Congress under the Constitution in 1789 and
subsequent statutes have supplied as the busi-
ness of the Government demanded. To the
State Department the foreign relations of the
country have been committed; financial affairs
to the Treasury Department; everything per-
taining to the Army to the War Department;
naval affairs to the Navy ; postal affairs to the
Post Office Department; lands, Indians, pen-
sions, patents and the like to the Department
of the Interior, and law to the Attorney Gen-
eral, who is made the legal adviser of the Pres-
ident and of all the heads of Departments.
These are all Executive Departments, de-
signed to assist the President in execution of
his constitutional duty to see that the laws are
faithfully executed. Subordinates and clerks
wereneeessary incidents of these Departments,
as clerks of courts were necessarily incident to
the judiciary department; and hence the Con-
stitution, while vesting tbe whole executive
power in the President, provided that Con-
gress may vest the appointment of "inferior
officers" in the President alone, in the courts,
or in the heads of Departments. These in-
ferior officers evidently include the numerous
clerks which the Departments were certain to
require, and who constitute a very large part
of the civil service intended to be regulated by
this bill.
Now, sir, to raise up another department,
not to do any of the business of the Govern-
ment, but to control executive appointments,
strikes me as plainly in conflict with the plan
of the Constitution. Appointments to office
are executive duties. The Constitution vests
the whole executive power in the President, and
though the selection of inferior officers may be
given to the Departments or the courts thty are
given as incidents of each separate Department.
The Constitution never meant that the Depart-
ment of State, for instance, was to select officers
for the Treasury Department, nor}vice versa.
Courts were to select officers incidental to them
but not for other Departments. A department
to select officers for another department, js a
scheme that has no root in the Constitution.
But it is said the board provided tor by this bill
is not to make appointments. _ True, but it 18
to designate from whom appointments are to
be made. It is to run a line through the mass
of citizens and set off the favored classes from
whom alone the executive power may select
Governmental agents. Is this according to the
theory of the Constitution ? I think not. The
Constitution established popular government,
and in vesting the executive power in the Pres-
ident it expected him to represent the whole
people, to look with a paternal eye upon all his
fellow-citizens as equally entitled to share m the
honors and emoluments of office. It never
meant that he should be shut up to choose from
a select few whom a board of politicians had
segregated from the mass of citizens and
anointed for sucession to place and power. It
selection of officeholders be a separate func-
tion it belongs to the President as the irame-
diate representative of the whole people, and
therefore your civil service department is a
palpable violation of the Constitution.
Again, the Constitution makes the Vice I res-
ident part of the Senate. (Section three, arti-
cle one.) And section six declares that no
person 'holding any office under the United
States shall be a member of either House
