1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS
powers within lim jurisdiction that are conferred
upon the clnef Commissioner ntWoshington, though
subordinate to him. The clerical force of his office
would not be more costly than the atlowance for
clerk hire to the district assessors now is There
should be one inspector or police agent for each State,
subordinate to the deputy commissioner, and one
United statesi uscistant treasurer under his control
and orders. W itli this system adopted there would
need to be but one collector in each county in the
btate paid by salary, (or the county treasurer might
be authorized to receive United States taxes,) and
but one assessor for each county where the total
internal revenue taxes would not exceed $100,000 per
year, (the number proportionally increased in coun-
ties where larger assessments would be made,) to be
paid by commissions not to exceed $2,000 each per
year.''
Bat the most remarkable witness the commit-
tee has found is the North American Review,
reprinted, I suppose, at Government expense
expressly for the benefit of this bill.
Sir. WELKER. I would be glad to know
what the gentleman alludes to when he speaks
of that pamphlet as being published at tie
expense of the Government.
Mr. WOODWARD. I say I found this in
one of the committee-rooms of the Capitol,
where there was a quantity of them. It is an
extract from the North American Review. I
suppose it was reprinted for the use of the
House.
Mr. WELKER. I make the inquiry because
I have the honor of being a member of the
Committee on Retrenchment, and so far as I
have any knowledge of the action of that com-
mittee they have not, as a committee, taken any
hjean s by which any such d ocument as that shall
be circulated in the country in favor of this bill
or any other articles that may have appeared
in the newspapers of the country.
Mr. WOODWARD. I allege nothing in
regard to it. I am not informed about it. I
simply stated the inference I drew from find-
ing it among other public documents designed
for the use of members.
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman is aware
that his insinuation may have some weight; I
wish, therefore, to state to the House that there
is no evidence whatever to warrant the insinu-
ation.
Jlr. WOODWARD. I found this pamphlet
in the room of the Committee on Patents, of
which I believe the gentleman is chairman,
among public documents printed apparently
for the use of the House, one copy of which
1 took because I wanted to refer to it. I sup-
posed, from that circumstance, it had been re-
printed from the North American Review for
the use of the House; and now I would thank
the gentleman to say if that was not the fact?
Mr. JENCKES. Not at all.
Mr. WOODWARD. At whose expense was
it reprinted?
Mr. JENCKES. It was purchased at the
expense of the gentleman who now addresses
the House, and if the copy which the gentle-
man holds in his hand was received under my
frank it was sent to bim as a free gift.
Mr. WOODWARD. I accept the gentle-
man's statement, but the copy I hold in my
hand was not received under the gentleman's
frank, but was obtained in the room of the
Committee on Patents. T read from the article
as follows :
"The very air of New England and New York and
the Wi«t is big with tacit rebukes agjiDsisluggish- (
ness; but there arc no such admonishing voices in >
Washington. A lazy list!e=sness pervades the very I
aspect of tho thinly populated streets. IXenco, the j
Departments have became in many respects mental j
dormUoiies, .mil, in order to makeup at least by the t
routine and force of discipline for what they lack m !
intellectual vitality, it has become necessary to estao- ,
lioh Keiai-sohoolhouse, semi-penitentiary regulations j
iclath e to the discipline of the various offices. |
Now. if I understand this writer, men bred j
iu the invigorating air of New England are ;
aloue fit for the civil service. New York or
the West arc thrown in as mere make-weights.
It cannot be possible that the reviewer would
take anybody from such an infected district as
the city of New York, and as to the old Key-
stone Staie, she has no air like that of New
England which is big with tacit rebukes
agai nst sluggishness"—no mountains or vallies
to breed men who can staud the "competitive
749
examination.' ' When the war bugle awoke the
echo oi her hills and summoned her sons to
arms they were foremost in the fray, and proved
themselves quite equal to the competitions of
the battle-field, but before the ii civil-service
examination board" they will have to give
place to the literary quacks "whom the won-
derful air of Kew England has invigorated.
Considering how bad a place Washington is,
according to this reviewer3 it is strange he
should wish to cramp the genius of New Elng-
land by the u semi-schoolhouse, semi-peni-
tentiary regulations" of the Departments.
.Receiving its tone from the South/' says the
reviewer, a society at Washington possessed
no intellectual activity, and afforded no stim-
ulus to exertion. It held out no encourage-
ment to cultivated minds; and its moral stand-
ard was as low as its intellectual. Only the
most vigorous natures escaped from its bane-
ful influence." -
Abuse of the South is the staple of almost all
New England literature, and ail the sins or
vices of this city? past and present, are of course
of southern origin. But the New England re-
formers have infused "intellectual activity"
and afforded stimuli to exertion and encour-
agement to cultivated minds, and improved
the "tone" of society at Washington by de-
livering it over to ignorant and lazy negroes,
while they have set up a '< moral standard"
by their legislation-that has become so abom-
niable as to make the honorable gentleman
from Rhode Island cry out for reform. The
more vigorous natures and the cultivated minds
of New England will find plenty of congenial
elements in the modern regime, and as to
moral standards the king of Dahomey will
supply them.
The great argument which this reviewer
urges in favor of the bill, the clincher which
is to silence all gainsayers, is on page 6:
"In the early days of the Republic, public officers
were generally selected from well-known families.
This was not only the ease with the President and
the Cabinet, but also to a great extent with sub-
ordinate officers. At the present day all this is
changed, owing to various circumstances,and chiefly
to the vast extent of country from which public offi-
cers are recruited. Indeed it may be safely asserted
that the ignorance of the community regarding the
moral and mental qualifications of the highestofficers
of the State finds only a parallel in the ignorance of
these officers in regard to their subordinates. With
the adoption of the principle of competitive examin-
ation as a test of qualification, the community will
not be any longer ignorant in regard to the compe-
tency of publicofficers: and though Mr. Jexckes's
bill regards as specially only the officers appointed
without advice or consent of the Senate, it empowers
thatbodyto refer any appointee whose nomination
requires confirmation, to the examination commis-
sioners previous to the vote on hisnomination. Few
will deny that if such a principle had been in force
for several years past, the country might have been
saved from the consequences of the nomination of
Mr. Andrew Johnson to the Vice Presidency of the
United States; for such is the comprehensive char-
acter of Mr. Jenckes's bill, that although it deals
primarily with subordinate officers only, it3 moral
effect will be to give to the principle of qualification
an all-pervading popular prestige and sanction, so
that the character of candidates will bo submitted to
the most stringent scrutiny. If such a scrutiny had
been applied to Mr. Johnson's case it would not have
required a profound psychological knowledge to ar-
rive at the conclusion that a man may rise from the
tailor-shop to the alderman's gown,and from thence
to the senatorial ermineand the gubernatorial chair,
and yet be morally and intellectually incapable 01
presiding with dignity,# justice, and ability over the
destinies of a great nation."
If an intellect not bred in New England air
can comprehend the meaning of these drivel-
ing puerilities, it is that the moral effect of
Mr. .iBNCKEs'sbill in its "all-pervadingpopular
prestige" would have saved the Republican
party from the great mistake of putting Mr.
Hamlin off and Mr. Johnson on for Vice Pres-
ident. But the reviewer should remember that
while the bill might have averted that catas-
trophe, the effect of not putting Johnson on in
place of Hamlin would have been the election
of MeClellan and Pendleton ; and this would
have been more deplorable still. Does he not
know that the Republican doctors took John-
son to save Lincoln? There was a very serious
competitive examination at Baltimore which
resulted in throwing the New England Jonah
overboard, and with al! deference to the review-
er's better judgment, I think it was a shrewd
and cunning swap—one that New England
Ought to be proud of and grateful for, because
it has brought her large profits.
1 wonder whether General Grant could have
stood a competitive examination any better
than President Johnson? If Johnson was a
tailor, Grant was a tanner; and when this bill
shall become a law and the psychological
knowledge of the people everywhere shall be
what it is in New England, let no tailor or
tanner presume to rise, provided always lie be
a white man. Then the board of competitive
examiners will see to it that the "tone" of
Washington^ society be not corrupted by the
South, that intellectual activity be stimulated,
that cultivated minds be encouraged, and that
moral standards be set_ up that the lowest
negroes can reach; for then officers will be
selected, as the reviewer tells us they were iu
the early days of the Republic, "from well-
known families." I have no doubt that under
the operation of this bill, if it ever becomes a
law, the families that furnish the officeholders
will be "well known." Like grocers' pack-
ages, they will be carefully selected and
assorted.
This is a specimen, sir, of most of the lit-
erary supports which the gentleman's bill has
attracted. I have heard thsj,t something else
than the merits of the bill was the magnet that
operated on the sensitive natures ofthc journals
and magazines ; but having no certain knowl-
edge on the subject, I am bound to presume that
they have been brought to piping on a common
key by the force of reason and evidence, and
this is what makes their arguments worth
weighing. Placed in the opposite scale to the
common-sense utterances of Mr. Connel and
some of the other witnesses, theseliterary com-
mendations of the bill kick thebeam. Indeed,
they are lighter than the small dust of the bal-
ance.
So with the examples which the honorable
gentleman has drawn from despotic and mon-
archical governments, they never can or ought
to become a rule for our free Republic. A
landed aristocracy founded on primogeniture
can afford to leave the Church, the Army, and
the civil service open to younger sons, and the
competitive examination may be well enough
in selecting among them. But all such sys-
tems of government are founded on privileged
classes and aristocratic ranks. There is no
sympathy with the common masses in them.
The Church, the Army, and the civil service
become as aristocratic as the landed nobility,
while with us government is founded on a basis
that is truly popular. Every native-bom citi-
zen has an equal right to rise to the highest
office in the Government, and as to all other
offices our Constitution rejects even this dis-
tinction between native and foreign-born citi-
zens. It starts all the people even in the race
of life, and recognizes no distinctions except
such as they create themselves. It is one of
the great vices of this bill that it is not built
upon the American ideas of government, but
upon those of the Old World.
While I freely acknowledge the indebted-
ness of the House to the honorable gentle-
man for much of the matter in his report, I
must express my regret that he should have
thought it worth while to introduce such copi-
ous extracts from the ill-natured libels on Gen-
eral Jackson in Parton's life of that great
and good man. The purpose of the honor-
able gentleman was to discredit the maxim for
which, according to my recollection, Senator
Marcy, and not General Jackson, was respons-
ible, that "to the victors belong the spoils."
But why should the honorable gentleman wish
to discredit that maxim ? Has not his party
acted upon it with an idolatrous devotion ? Do
they not boast, ad nauseam, that, they are vic-
tors, and have they not appropriated the spoils
with all a miser's greed? I am told by those
who know more than I do that about ninety-five
per cent, of the officeholders now are Repub-
licans. There never was a time under Demo-
cratic administrations, not even during Gen-
