7S0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
eral Jackson's, when mucli more than five per
cent, of opponents were not in office.
Judge Marcy's maxim was never so ruth-
lessly applied as by the Lincoln administration.
Not only were men turned out of office, but
Union Leagues and other conspiracies were
formed to blast their reputations as enemies of
the Government, disloyal copperheads, and
sympathizers with rebellion, and every oppro-
brious epithet which a hireling press could
invent was profusely bestowed. If General
Jackson-removed men from office he left their
business and reputations to them and their fam-
ilies; but since the party of great moral ideas
has been at the helm, it has become fashionable
to strip character and business as well as office
from men as true to their country as the needle
to the pole, and whose only offense consisted
in believing in the Constitution instead of
Lincoln.
Why, then, at this late day should the Repub-
lican party repudiate Judge Marcy's maxim?
From what I have heard I do not believe the
party is inclined to repudiate it now on the
eve of an incoming administration, when the
five per cent, of copperheads are expected to
be cleaned out. But why should the honorable
gentleman from Rhode Island, who is a bright
and shining light of that party, repudiate a
maxim that is so favorite a policy of his party ?
Why should he go out of his way to defame
General Jackson? Let me tell him that we
have never had a more pure or able adminis-
tration than that of the old hero. He came in
after a long, violent, and bitter struggle, and
the money power, intrenched then in only one
bank, instead of seventeen hundred as now,
warred on him from the start, but the people
sustained him in his removals and appoint-
ments as in all his policy, and he went down
to his grave amid the plaudits of his united
and prosperous countrymen.
But the honorable gentleman from Rhode
Island, shocked by the unparalleled corruption
that has crept into our civil service in the last
eight years, exclaims, "What is to be done?"
Like an honest man and true patriot he looks
at the ghastly condition of public affairs, and
cries out in agony of soul, " Who shall deliver
us from ihe bodyof this death?" He has told
us on this floor, what he said in his New York
lecture, that one hundred millions of the peo-
ple's revenues are annually diverted into the
pockets of fraudulent officers and their confed-
erates. Think of it, one hundred millions a
year! If this were collected it would pay the
national debt within the time in which it is pay-
able. And the people who are thus robbed
pay over thirty millions a year to support sixty
thousand otficeholders, among whom the rob-
bers are to be looked for. What proportion
of the thirty millions goes to the robbers and
how much of it to honest and faithful officers
1 have 110 means of determining, and the hon-
orable gentleman has not found out. Bat the
case is bad enough as presented. As the gen-
tleman has said, the payments to the civil ser-
vice are not niggardly. They are larger than
those paid in France or Germany, or, except
in the higher offices, in England.
The case made out, then, is that the people
who pay their civil service agents reasonably
well are robbed by them of three times the
amount the whole civil service costs. Dis-
graceful, alarming, and humiliating as the fact
is, I believe it is truly stated. Nay, I fear the
whole truth would make it still worse. But let
us never forget that justice is discriminating.
It was a notion of the heathen mythology that
Justice is a blind deity. It belongs not to our
Christian civilization. With us the maxim is,
"Let justice be done though the heavens fall."
Now, sir, I believe it is simple justice to say
that the heads of Departments and of the
bureaus are faithful, honest, and competent
men. Considering how rapidly our country
has grown, and how multifarious the duties
thrown upon the Departments and the bureaus,
it is wondeiful with what order and precision
the public business is transacted. Defalca-
tions, peculations, and frauds are rare, and I
see no great occasion, so far as this class of
civil officers are concerned, for any change in
the mode of selecting and appointing them. _
Then, as to the clerical force employed in
the respective Departments and throughout the
country I have heard but little complaint. No
great blunders or frauds have been perpetrated
by the clerks. There may be too many em-
ployed, and none of them are perhaps fully
worked, but speaking of them in the general
I believe they are honest servants of the pub-
lic, and for the most part attentive, obliging,
and competent. In my judgment their num-
bers ought to be reduced and their salaries
increased. If one third were discharged and
the aggregate of salaries were divided among
the remaining two thirds the public service
would be benefited, individual suffering allevi-
ated, and the cost to the Government not
increased a dollar.
These heads of Departments and clerks have
been selected for their respective places with
that power of discrimination which the Con-
stitution and laws have vested in the President
and heads of Departments, and if we'are to
judge the tree by its fruits this system re-
quires no legislative tinkering. We can afford
to let well enough alone, remembering always
that perfection is not to be looked for in hu-
man affairs, and trusting to time and experi-
ence to correct the errors and abuses of the
past.
Where, then, do the great abuses exist? Un-
doubtedly in the collection of the revenues of
the Government. These revenues are derived
principally from duties upon foreign imports
and from excise duties upon domestic pro-
duction and labor. Now the question is,
whether the competitive examination is likely
to furnish us with more honest officers for the
collection of these revenues ?
Observe, the gentleman from Rhode Island
cannot complain of a want of skill in these
officials, but only of a lack of honesty. While
there are many conscientious men among them,
there are dexterous rogues, generally exces-
sively loyal, who could pass any competitive
examination you will be likely to institute,
but who are destitute of that common hon-
esty which it is no credit to possess but a
great disgrace to lack. Will your competitive
examination keep such fellows out of the civil
service? Will your board descend into the
hearts of the competitors and so try the reins
of men as to decide who can and who cannot
resist the fascinations of the whisky ring?
What the gentleman from Rhode Island is
after is an honest man. This was the search
of old Diogenes when he went about the streets
of Athens at mid-day with a lantern, but though
1 think he chose his means of discovery more
wisely than the gentleman from Rhode Island—
that is, the lantern is better than the compet-
itive examination—yet he miserably failed, for
he declared he had found children in Sparta
and women in Athens but men nowhere. To
be honest, as this world goes, is to be one man
picked out of ten thousand, says Hamlet.
Sir, if I believed the gentleman's bill would
take out of the civil service the Joseph Sur-
faces, the sleek hypocrites whose mouths are
ever full of glozing speeches and moral senti-
ments and ftothy professions of loyalty, and in
their stead would introduce men of the hardy,
homely honesty of the olden time, I would sup-
port itwith all my might. Ay, I would go with
him who would go the furthest to effect such
a reform. For, questionless, the great want
of our time i3 honest men. Merchants and
bankers, manufacturers and corporations, can
find plenty of competent clerks without an
expensive board of examiners. So can the
Government. But hone3t men, men who arc
in the secret recesses of the official closet
just what they appear to bo in public, men
who unconsciously exalt their manhood by
cultivating reverence and humility, who habit-
ually render unto Cassar the things that are
Ca;sar's and unto God the things that are
God's—men who would feel a stain more
keenly than a wound—men of this stamp and
type—alas, alas, how rare they are! If we had
an Aristides " the just" in our revenue service
I fear we should imitate the Athenians and
banish him. The noble Theban, Epaminondas,
lived a life of purity in the midst.of temptations,
and it is said never told a lie even in jest. All
down the track of time such occasional instances
of inflexible honesty are to be seen, like light-
houses along a barren and dreary coast, and
our own history is resplendent with names that
were not born to die. But in the times upon
which we are fallen virtuous examples com-
mand no respect. We are a fast people. We
boast of progress. Nothing but steam and
lightning can serve us. The almighty dollaris
the god of our idolatry, and though we set up
as many lesser deities as were ever found in
the Pantheon, the supremest devotion of too
many officeholders is to that wonder-working
deity who can make a moderate official salary
issue in a few years into a princely fortune. And
as a token of our extreme degradation it is
worth noticing that we no longer fashion our
idol out of gold and silver, but form him out
of nasty rags; and whoever heard lately the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
and the gentleman from Ohio [Jlr. Cart] will
bear me witness there are not wanting priests
on this floor to raise the shameful cry, " These
be our gods."
Now, sir, fully admitting the deplorable state
of official morals alleged by the honorable
gentleman from Rhode Island, I beg him to
notice that he has not adapted his remedy to
the disease. His diagnosis is better than his
therapeutics. Instead of a hoard of examiners
who can do no more than find out mental ac-
quirements and capacities for political chi-
canery, I would suggest that the evils com-
plained of spring from a huge public debt and
a depreciated paper currency, and the true
remedy will consist in reducing that debt and
improving that currency.
Why, sir, in Democratictimes, when the Gov-
ernrnentcollectedand disbursed only from sixty
to ninety millions of revenue, we had no such
scandalous exhibitions of official corruption as
the honorable gentleman has now pressed upon
our attention. Occasional delinquencies un-
doubtedly occurred, and are always to be looked
for in widely extended operations where great
numbers of agents are necessarily employed,
but they were not so frequent or gross as ma-
terially to affect the revenues or our general
character. But with the accession of the Re-
publican party came disunion and war and debt
and a redundant paper currency, and with these
"all our woes."
The war is ended—passed and gone. I hope,
forever. The Union would have been restored
heartily and prosperously had it not been for
the evil genius of reconstruction. The debt
is unprovided for. No comprehensive system
of finance is suggested from controlling quar-
ters ; no reduction of military expenses, no
systematic retrenchment, no lightening of
taxes. On the contrary, the debt increases,
the lobby clamors for subsidies, and the peo-
ple must bow their patient backs while we
pile on more taxes. The Special Commis-
sioner of the Revenue, who is set to watch the
operation of causes and effects, tells us that the
immediate cause of our presentanomalous con-
dition of affairs is the increased cost of nearly
all forms of labor and commodities as com-
pared with the price of the same that prevailed
in the decade immediately preceding the war,
and this increased cost has resulted from three
agencies, which he specifies as " irredeemable
paper currency, unequal and heavy taxation,
and a limited supply of skilled labor."
Here is the fountain of our bitter waters, the
poisoned spring into which I would that the
gentleman from Rhode Island could fling a
sweet bough from the tree whose leaves are for
the healing of the nations. Let us begin by
repealing that most odious statute that made a
lying promise to pay, a legal tender. One year
ago, (in this floor, I proposed a gradual repeal
of that enactment, and others have suggested
various schemes for a resumption of specie
