1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
751
payments ; but so far from progressing in that
direction, the tendency is to perpetuate the
reign of paper money. Unless the Supreme
Court gives back to tbe people their constitu-
tional currency this stupendous fraud of the
money power will continue to verify the con-
clusion of Commissioner Wells, that the rich
are to become richer and the poor poorer.
To be more specific—when the Government
issues promises to pay money which it does not
mean to pay, how can it expect its citizens to
be any more honest and sincere than itself?
When the Government wastes in railroad sub-
sidies, Army supplies, and Freedmen's Bu-
reaus millions of the people's money, how
natural that di honestoSicersshould say, ''This
money which is to be wasted if it reach the
Treasury may as well be kept by us as to be
given to jobbers and favorites." And when the
manufacturers of whisky and tobacco see the
Government singling out their occupations for
excessive taxation, thereby charging an undue
share of the public debt upon them, what is
more natural than that they should buy up
your inspectors and cheat your detectives if
they can? Protective duties tempt to smug-
gling. false invoices, and all manner of frauds.
Excessive taxes unequally imposed provoke
retaliation. Prodigal squandering of our rev-
enue upon pet schemes of legislation instead
of a faithful application of them to our na-
tional debt invite and encourage malversation
and peculation.
And thus it comes to pass that our own
legislation makes rogues to cheat us out of
SI,000,000 a year. Let not honorable gentle-
men lay the flattering unction to their souls that
the competitive examination of applicants for
office will remedy this evil. It is two deep-
seated for any such nostrum to reach. ^ It has
struck down to the roots of our social life. In
destroying the standard of values we have
unsettled the foundations of public morals.
If we would reform abuses let us reform our
legislation. Let us get back to the one only
standard of values the world knows. Let us
make our paper promises mean what they say.
Let us impose taxes by some rule of uniform-
ity, instea3 ef punishing fellow-citizens who
choose one branch of industry instead of
another. Let us have a revenue tariff with
incidental protection, instead of a tariff for the
protection of select classes at the expense of
all consumers. Let us stop subsidies, retrench
expenses, and begin to pay our debts. Let us
do these things, sir, and you shall see the tone
of public morals instantly improved. _ You
shall see that honest men can then be founu,
even with our present modes of selection, to
collect our revenues and execute our laws.
ilr. Ela obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. MeKEE, who moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr.wilson, of Iowa,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the bill (H. R. No. 1738) making
appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, .and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes for the year ending 30th June, 18T0, and
had come to no conclusion thereon ; also, that
the committee had had under consideration
the President's annual message for 1807, and
had come to no conclusion thereon.
printing or an amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] wishes to have orinted an
amendment wKich he proposes to oner in torn-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
to the Indian appropriation bill. If there is
no objection it will be ordered to be printed.
There was no objection; and the order to
print was made.
s. m. st0ckslao1si!.
Mr. KBRRi by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1814) for the relief
of S. M. Stockslager; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military 'Affairs.
land titles in nebraska.
Mr. TAFFE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table
the bill (S. No. 730) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to confirm the title to certain
lands in the State of Nebraska." The bill is
purely local in its application, and there can
be no objection to it.
The bill was read for information. It pro-
poses to extend the provisions and benefits
under the act entitled "An act to confirm the
title to certain lands in Nebraska," approved
July 2o, 1868, to the east half of the northwest
quarter of the southeast quarter of section
nine, township fifteen, range thirteen east,
sixth principal«meridian, in Douglas county,
Nebraska, and to confirm the title to the same
to the parties holding by deed from the
patentee.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, received its several
readings, and was passed.
Mr. TAFFE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
jonathan nutt.
Mr. WOODWARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. R. No. 1815) granting a
pension to Jonathan Nutt, a soldierof the war
of 1812; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions and of the War of 1812.
claim of owen thorn, et als.
Mr. MUNGEN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of Stat* be, and he is
hereby, requested to transmit to this House copies of
the papers filed in the Department of State October
9 1866, relative to the claim of Owen Ihorn and
others, for indemnity for losses sustained by the de-
structfon of the steamer Congress by the Canadian
authorities.
Mr. McKEE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
union pacific railroad.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to furnish to this House a copy of there-
port of the president of the Union Pacific railroad,
of December, 1868, relative to the report of the
special commission, of which General G. K. an en
was presidents
heald and wright.
Mr. MUNGEN. I desire to make a brief
explanation in regard to an amendment offered
in Committee of the Whole to-day by the
gentleman from Kansas [Mr. Clarke] to the
Indian appropriation bill, m relation to pay-
ing the claim of Mr. Heald and Mr. W right out
of the funds of the Choctaw nation. I know the
gentleman was instructed by four members of
the Committee on Indian Affairs—a majority
of those present—to report a bill for their re-
lief. But I never saw the bill, and was not
prepared to consider the matter when it was
brought forward so unexpectedly to-day. 1
hold in my hand a minority report on tkt
claim, signed by three members of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, which I ask may now
be received and ordered to be printed for the
use of the House.
No objection was made ; and the report was
accordingly received, and ordered tobe printed.
blanton dcncan.
Mr WILSON, of Iowa. I ask unanimous
consent of the House that leave be granted1 to
Blanton Duncan, a bill for whose relief was
laid on the table yesterday, to withdraw fiom
the files of the House the papers in his case.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Leaving copies on file.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Very well.
No objection was made'; and leave was
granted accordingly.
naturalization laws.
Mr. ROSS. I ask unanimous consent to sub-
mit the following resolution for consideration
at this time:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire into the expediency ol so amend-
ing the naturalization laws as to enaole foreigners
coming to this country with the intention ofmakiiiK
a permanent residence therein to become natural-
ized and enjoy all the rights and privileges of citi-
zens of the United States in one year atter arriving
in theUnited States; andthat said committee report
by bill or otherwise.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would inform the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ross] that that
subject has been referred to the Committee on
Revision of Laws of the United States, and is
not now before the Committe on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the resolution will be referred to the Commit-
tee on Revision of Laws of the United States.
No objection was made; and the resolution
was referred accordingly.
Mr. ROBINSON. I ask to have entered
upon the Journal a motion-I now make to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution of
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ross,] in
relation to naturalization, was referred to the
Committee on Revision of Laws of the United
States.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. ROBINSON. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. MeKEE. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. EGGLESTON: A resolution of the
Chamber of Commerce of Cincinnati,_ protest-
ing against the extension of the provisions of
the bankrupt law.
By Mr. HALSEY: The petition of Jacob
L. Briggs and Nabor B. Ford, asking Con-
giess to remove their disabilities.
By Mr. HUNTER; The petition of M. R.
Edmonds, sixty-seventh Indiana volunteers,
for pay as second lieutenant while acting as
such but not mustered.
By Mr. JUDD: The petition of Arnold
Damer, asking that an organ built for the
Church of the Holy Name be admitted free of
duty.
By Mr. KOONTZ: The petition of Mrs.
A. M. Criswell and 71 others, of Franklin
county, Pennsylvania, asking for an amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States
so as to acknowledge Almighty God as the
source of all authority and power in civil gov-
ernment, &c. .
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania :
The petition of Mrs. Matilda Carney, of
Beaver county, Pennsylvania, for a pension.
By Mr. MOORE: The petition of William
H. Howard, of Accomack county, Virginia,
praying the intervention of Congress for pro-
tection from illegal oyster tonnage tax by the
authorities of Virginia.
Also, the petition of B. H. Newcomb, of
Willfleet, Cape Cod, Massachusetts, praying
protection by Congress from illegal taxes on
the oyster trade by the authorities of Virginia.
By Mr. MORRELL: The petition of Hon.
George Taylor and 40 others, citizens of the
seventeenth congressional district of Penn-
sylvania, praying that an appropriation be
made in aid of the national homestead at
Gettysburg for the orphans of soldiers and
sailors of the United States. _
Bv Mr. PATNE: The petition of Harold
Thoreson and others, citizens of Northfield,
