
ordered to halt until our position would be assigned to us. It was very hot; the place where my regiment had stacked arms was without shade, and the men suffered severely from the heat. At 4 p. m. the assembly was sounded, the men fell in, and before the forward signal could be given we heard the clattering sound of heavy musketry in our front. We were hurried forward in double-quick into position. My regiment had been about thirty minutes in the second lien when several men were wounded by stray shots, when I received orders to relieve the Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, of the First Brigade. I marched the regiment in double-quick forward, arrived at Colonel Selfridge's regiment, and relieved him under a heavy fire, losing several men on the road. I brought the regiment into position and gave the enemy, who was only from thirty to thirty-five yards from us, a full volley, which did considerable execution. I kept up a brisk and rapid fire for over three hours, the rebels replying with great obstinacy. I had to draw fresh supplies of ammunition twice during the fight, and every man fired from 135 to 140 rounds. After dark I threw out my vedettes and ordered them to move forward cautiously. They did so and soon reported that the rebel picket-line was about 600 yards from or front. Lieutenant Bechstein and 9 men killed and 37 wounded our of my little regiment this day was a severe loss, but every man was in good spirits, and even the wounded did not heed their pains, for a great victory had been won and the men were eager to press froward and defeat the enemy again. Officers and me of my command behaved with the greatest courage and determination. In the night we built breast-works, which we occupied the next day, and night also. On the morning of the 22nd of July we resumed our march toward Atlanta, the enemy having fallen back behind his works around that city. About two miles from Atlanta our skirmishers struck the rebel pickets, and a little skirmish ensued, supported by a few pieces of artillery from both sides. At about 3 p. m. we were ordered forward, and our position assigned to us about one and a half miles from the city, in plain view of the first houses of Atlanta and of the enemy's works. We immediately commenced to build our breast-works, while the rebels shelled us from several batteries with much vigor, and while their sharpshooters tried too pick off every man they could see; they succeeded in killing 1 man and wounding another of my regiment. Although many of their shells exploded right among the men while they were working, we had our works finished before dark, and made them stronger during the night. Our pickets were thrown out and skirmishing commenced as usual. We lay behind our works until the 25th of August, the daily monotony of picket and artillery firing only interrupted by an occasional demonstration or feint on our or the enemy's side. Sharpshooters kept on doing their annoying work. While in the trenches before Atlanta, I lost 2 killed and 5 wounded. Before dawn on the 18th of August we were aroused by the enemy's shells exploding over our tents, and the regiment immediately fell in, anticipating an attack. The rebels shelled our lines with vigor for about three hours, but doing no damage to my works or troops. The next day our batteries shelled the enemy's works with greater vehemence than they had been shelling us the previous day. During the whole time of the siege, my officers and men were in good spirits, they having become so accustomed to the bullets, shells, and solid shot that constantly whizzed and howled by their ears, that they no longer paid any atten-

