
tion to them. On the 25th, at 1 a.m. I received orders to march at daybreak to the Chattahoochee railroad bridge, there to erect works for our brigade, which was to follow the next day with the other brigades of our division. I struck camp accordingly at 3 a.m., and arrived at the river at 6 o'clock, went to work, and before night had constructed strong rifle-pits, sufficient for our whole brigade. The brigade having arrived, the next morning we went into camp, our front well lined with artillery, and in such a position that the men were confident of being able to resist any attack which might be made on our lines. The men constructed their camp in a neat and comfortable manner, expecting to remain in our position for some time, when, on the 2nd day of September, the gladful tidings that Atlanta was occupied by troops of our division, including two regiments of our brigade which had gone out on a reconnaissance, was received. Our lines having been weakened by sending all the troops, with the exception of the rest of our brigade and a few batteries, to Atlanta, it became necessary to locate the different regiments near the forts and batteries. I was ordered to put up my camp near the heavy battery stationed in a fort on the right of the railroad, where we remained until the 4th of September, when we marched with our brigade to Atlanta. To the great gratification of the soldiers we marched through the conquered city, with colors flying and bands playing and occupied the works erected by our enemies, and from behind which they had sent so many deadly missiles into our ranks.

Before I conclude my report, I take great pleasure in saying that both officers and men encountered all the hardships and dangers of this eventful campaign with the most unflinching energy and zeal, fully determined to spare no exertions in assisting to bring the campaign to a glorious end.*

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

EDW. S. SALOMON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Eighty-second Illinois Infantry.

Colonel HORACE BOUGHTON,

Commanding Third Brigadier, First Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 198.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John B. Le Sage, One hundred and first Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. 101ST ILLINOIS VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Atlanta, Ga., September 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and first Illinois Volunteers in the operations of the campaign that has just been so successfully terminated:

On the 2nd day of May we broke up our camp near Bridgeport, Ala., and began our march toward the enemy's position about Dalton, Ga., and on the evening of the 5th encamped in Pleasant Valley. On the morning of the 7th we crossed Taylor's Ridge, and encamped at Anderson Post-Office. At midnight of the 9th we

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties accompanying this report shows 1 officer and 15 men killed, 2 officers and 95 men wounded; total 113.

---------------

