
marched for Snake Creek ap, where we arrived at noon next day and encamped. On the afternoon of the 11th we were engaged in preparing a road through the gap. On the 12th we moved forward through the gap and encamped about noon. On the 13th moved out under orders to be ready for action. In the afternoon we moved forward and took position as part of the reserve. On the 14th we were in reserve again until about 3 p.m., when we were hurried to the left, where, about dark, we charged a hill, and took up a position near the left, from which our brigade had previously driven back the enemy, who were charging the Fifth Indiana Battery. About noon of the 15th we were moved forward to a position on the left of the line, and while there were charged by the enemy, but succeeded in defeating him, although we lost 1 killed and 46 wounded, 6 of them mortally. On the morning of the 16th, the enemy having evacuated, we started in pursuit, and on the 19th came up with him at Cassville, Ga. We were formed in line and pushed vigorously forward to within a short distance of the enemy, when darkness having come upon us, we halted and built breast-works of rails, only to find them rendered useless next day by the evacuation during the night of the enemy. Resting for two days, on the 23rd we again started and pushed forward to Euharlee, on the Etowah River, crossing the stream and pushing forward next day to Burnt Hickory, and thence, moving forward on the 25th, toward Dallas, Ga. We were ordered to move across the country to the assistance of the Second Division, which had been attacked just after crossing the Pumpkin Vine Creek. We arrived at the position of the Second Division about 3 p.m., and there we were formed in line, supported by two other lines formed of the other brigades of our division, and we were then ordered to push forward until we met the enemy. We soon encountered the enemy's skirmishers, and drove them before us for about a mile, when we were relieved by the other brigades going in front. They soon encountered the enemy, intrenched in a strong position, and engaged him for nearly two hours, when we relieved the front line, and engaged the enemy for about an hour, until relieved by other troops, who continued the engagement, while we passed to the rear and passed the night, but less than when we went into the engagement by 12 killed and 63 wounded. During the 26th and 27th we were in reserve. On the 28th, 29th, 30th, and 31st we were engaged in marching to and from Kingston, Ga, guarding an ammunition train. June 1, we moved to the left, where we took a position on the left of the Fourteenth Corps. June 2, we moved forward, and after various attempts finally got settled and built breast-works. On the 5th we were relieved by the Second Division, of the Fourteenth Corps, and moved away toward the left. The enemy having changed his position, we, on the 6th, moved forward and built breast-works to the north of Pine Knob. Next day we were shifted to the left flank of the brigade. On the 11th we again changed position, moving to the left and being thrown into the reserve line. On the 14th, during the night, the enemy had evacuated Pine Knob; hence, on the 15th, the Second Division advanced, our division supporting, and took and held a position (after a sharp contest between the enemy and the Second Division) within a short distance of the rebel works. During the night we built breast-works, and remained in them until nearly noon next day, when we changed our position, having lost during the time 1 killed and 2 wounded. During the night of the 16th the enemy again fell back about a mile. We again

