
followed, built breast-works, and skirmished, losing 1 man wounded. During the night of the 18th the enemy again fell back. We again followed, and took position in the reserve lines. Relieved next day by the Fourth Corps; we moved to the right and took a position next to the Twenty-third Corps. On the 20th we built breast-works. On the 22nd we advanced our lines, and built a new line of breast-works, where we remained until the enemy gave way on the night of the 2nd of July, having lost during the time 1 lieutenant killed and another wounded. On the 3rd we followed them about five or six miles. Coming up with them strongly intrenched about six miles south of Marietta we halted, and next day took position, but the enemy being outflanked, gave way during the night; and on the 5th we followed them until we arrived on Chattahoochee Heights. Here we rested over night, and next day moved a short distance to the left, and, building breast-works, formed a camp, in which we rested until the 17th, when, the enemy having all retired across the river, we crossed the Chattahoochee, and on the 18th, 19th, and 20th, advanced forward toward his lines. On the 20th the enemy endeavored to break our lines, but was repulsed. Here, for the first time in the campaign, the regiment was detached from the brigade, and was sent to relieve the Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers on the right of the First Brigade. Here we remained engaged until night, losing 5 killed and 30 wounded. During the night we built works, and held them during the next day. On the following night the enemy fell back to his inner around Atlanta. We followed and established our line within half a mile of a rebel fort near the railroad, and built heavy works under a severe shelling from the enemy. Here we remained (losing at intervals 5 men wounded by sharpshooters) until August 26, when we fell back to the Chattahoochee River and built works on the south bank.

On the 2nd of September the regiment, with the One hundred and seventh and One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers, was ordered out on a reconnaissance, and found on the way that Atlanta was evacuated. We pushed forward, skirmishing a little with the enemy's cavalry, on the east of the city,and took a position in the rebel works. Next day we were relieved and moved farther to the left, where the regiment now remains, the remainder of the brigade having come up on the 4th of September.

In closing this report, already, perhaps, too long drawn out, I cannot refrain from bearing testimony to the soldierly conduct, ready obedience to orders, and gallantry in action of the officers and soldiers of the regiment during the campaign, and to their cheerful endurance of all hardships and sufferings, never complaining but ever struggling onward, determined to do their share toward the suppression of rebellion and the restoration of our glorious Union.*

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. LE SAGE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 101st Illinois Volunteers.

Captain A. E. LEE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties accompanying this report shows 2 officers and 17 men killed and 6 officers and 149 men wounded; total, 174.

---------------

