
Numbers 199.

Report of Colonel Horace Boughton, One hundred and forty-third New York Infantry, of operations May 1-July 24.
HEADQUARTERS 143rd NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Near Atlanta, Ga., July 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In pursuance of the order requiring a report of the operations during the campaign of Atlanta, I have the honor to respectfully submit the following as the part performed by my regiment, the One hundred and forty-third New York Volunteers:

At 7 a.m. of the 2nd of May, 1864, my regiment broke camp and marched from its winter quarters opposite Bridgeport, Ala. It formed a part of the Third Brigade, of the First Division, Twentieth Army Corps, and numbered 341 men for duty. On May 5 we arrived at Taylor's Ridge and encamped about three miles from Ringgold, Ga., where we remained until the 7th, during which time we reduced our baggage and sent the surplus to the rear, allowing only a single change of clothing for each officer. On the 7th we marched through Nickajack Gap and encamped at Trickum Post-Office, about one and a half miles from Buzzard Roost. Here we heard considerable skirmishing in our front. On the night of the 10th and 11th, about midnight, we were assembled and marched to Snake Creek Gap, reaching its entrance at 10 a.m., where we remained until the morning of the 12th, when we passed through the gap and bivouacked on the opposite side of the mountain. On the 13th we marched about three miles toward Resaca, making but slow progress, as the enemy appeared to be obstructing our advance. At 4 p.m. of the 14th General Williams' division was ordered to the support of the Fourth Army Corps, which was in position on the left, and at that time heavily engaged. Upon arriving at the designated place, our brigade was placed in position on a high wooded ridge and formed in two lines, my regiment in the front line and connected on the right with the Eighty-second Illinois and on the left with the Forty-fifth New York Volunteers. My position overlooked a valley to which the ascent was very precipitous. The Fifth Indiana Battery, from the Fourth Corps, was in position in the valley directly in my front, covering the Resaca road. Our arrival proved opportune, for we were hardly in position when Stanley's division, of the Fourth Corps, unable to resist the impetuous charge made by the enemy, was broken and came back in the greatest confusion, not even stopping to protect their own battery. The men were closely pursued by the enemy,whose object seemed to be the capture of the battery. We were immediately ordered to its support and moved rapidly down the steep ridge, at the same time, wheeling to the right, charged over the barricades and met the advancing rebels, opening heavily upon them. They were surprised at this unexpected resistance and fled in great confusion. The battery was fought splendidly and Captain Simonson, its commander, awarded us the credit of having saved it, and personally complimented myself and regiment for the part we took in its defense. This was the first time on this campaign that the command had been under fire, and I was gratified with the conduct of both my officers and men. On May 15 we advanced about one mile toward Resaca, and came in contact with the enemy. General Knipe's brigade, which was on the right of the division, was

