
heavily engaged with the rebels, who were behind intrenchments, and it being discovered that the enemy was making an attempt to turn our left, our brigade was placed in position with a view to its protection. My regiment was placed in column by divisions on the extreme left and in the front line, soon after which the enemy made his appearance in our front and opened a brisk fire upon us. I immediately deployed and received orders to advance to the open field, which was in front of the woods in which my regiment was at the time. Upon reaching the position desired, I discovered the rebels in large force on the opposite side of the field, at a distance of 500 or 600 yards. They were moving toward our left. I immediately opened fire upon them with such effect as to check their movement. They then took shelter behind fences, trees, &amp;c.,and maintained a fire for upward of an hour, when, unable to withstand the heavy musketry that was poured upon them, they fled, leaving the dead and wounded upon the field. My loss in this action was 1 killed and 14 wounded. On the morning of the 16th, the enemy having evacuated his position at Resaca, we followed in pursuit and encamped on the Coosa River to allow a bridge to be built, on which we were to cross. On the following morning the crossing commenced, and Geary's division, which was in advance of us, had not finished when the brigade showing signs of weakness, General Williams found that it would fail entirely and ordered me to build another. My regiment and the several pioneer corps of the division were assigned to me for that purpose, and in five hours a substantial trestle bridge was finished, which was 200 feet in length and over water which was from four to six feet deep. On the 19th instant we advanced toward Cassville in line of battle, the enemy slowly retiring before us and skirmishing as he went. The advance was very was very difficult, as it was made through dense woods and over a very rough country. It becoming dark as we neared Cassville, and finding the enemy in position behind strong works, we halted for the night and constructed rifle-pits. The enemy left during the night and we did not follow until the morning of the 23d. On the 25th we had arrived within two miles of Dallas, when we were ordered to about face and march to the relief of General Geary's division, which had met the enemy in large force. We crossed Pumpkin Vine Creek, passed Geary's division, and formed line in its front. As soon as we were fairly in position we received notice that we were to charge the enemy, and at the sound of the bugle moved rapidly forward, driving the enemy for about one and a half miles. Our advance was opposed by a brisk fire of shell, canister, and bullets, which, however, did not check our movement in the least until the enemy had been driven behind his barricade. We were then relieved by Ruger's brigade and retired a few hundred yards to the rear, where we remained as a reserve until it was reported that the front line was out of ammunition, when we were again ordered up. During this time the firing from both sides was very heavy, which was kept up until dark. My left wing exhausted all of its ammunition and was, to quite an extent, supplied from the right, which was in such a position that its fire could be of but little effect, and was accordingly withheld. Shortly after dark we were relieved and retired to the rear, when we bivouacked for the night. The loss in my regiment was 1 man killed and 1 officer and 13 men wounded. The 26th and 27th passed without any casualties or any occurrence worthy of note. The time

