
from the 28th to the 31st, inclusive, was consumed by the brigade in making a trip to and from Kingston as an escort for an ammunition train. On June 1 the Twentieth Corps moved to the left of the Fourteenth Corps, and in this new position we constructed rifle-pits. On the following day my regiment was sent to occupy a hill in advance of the Fourteenth Corps, where it was decided to place a battery. During the night we threw up works, but were considerably annoyed by the enemy's fire. The next day I was relieved by a regiment of Davis' division, of the Fourteenth Corps, and returned to my position in the brigade. During the night of the 4th the enemy withdrew from our front. On the following morning we followed in pursuit, and on the 6th we again came up with him at Kemp's Mill, near Lost Mountain, where we stopped and fortified. Nothing worthy of note occurred until the 15th, when General Geary met the enemy in force, and we were ordered to his support, and after marching nearly to his lines we were faced about and retired a short distance, taking a more commanding position, which we fortified. On the following night the enemy evacuated, and the morning of the 17th found us again in pursuit. Although several changes of position were made, nothing unusual marked the history of the regiment until the 22d, when, as we were nearing Kenesaw Mountain the enemy was discovered to be massing in our front, and soon made a desperate effort to drive us back. In this he was handsomely repulsed by our artillery before fairly reaching the range of our muskets. During this time General Knipe's brigade, which was on our right, was heavily engaged. After the withdrawal of the enemy from our immediate front we constructed strong field-works, which we occupied without interruption until the morning of July 3, when it was discovered that the enemy had abandoned his strong position at Kenesaw Mountain during the preceding night, leaving Marietta in our possession. After following in pursuit about four miles he was discovered to be engaged in fortifying. No attack, however, was made, and we went into position for the night. On July 4 we moved about two miles to the right. During the night the rebels again fell back, and on the following day we again marched four or five miles and went into position about two miles from the Chattahoochee River, on a ridge from which Atlanta could be distinctly seen. We remained in this position until the enemy had abandoned the north side of the river. At 3 p.m. on the 17th we marched to Pace's Ferry, on the Chattahoochee, where we crossed, and after marching four miles farther we bivouacked for the night. On the 18th we moved to near Buck Head, and on the 19th to Peach Tree Creek. Soon after sunrise on the 20th we crossed the creek with but little opposition and halted about one mile from our place of crossing, where we remained without going into position until about 3 p.m., when suddenly a terrific fire of musketry was opened very near and to our left. We were immediately ordered into position, and my regiment, being in the advance of the brigade, moved in the direction of the firing on the double-quick. The line was formed by each regiment going on right by file into line, which threw my regiment on the extreme left of the division. While forming the enemy opened fire upon us heavily, but the movement was not in the least checked. In pursuance of orders, I immediately moved my regiment forward with a view to connect with the Second Division, which was on my left and in advance. Before this connection was formed the enemy had succeeded in forcing the right of Colonel Ireland's brigade, of the

