
Numbers 200.

Report of Major John Higgins, One hundred and forty-third New York Infantry, of operations July 24-September 8.
HDQRS. 143rd REGIMENT NEW YORK VOL. INFTY.,Atlanta, Ga., September 15, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward the following report of operations of this regiment from July 24, 1864, to the occupation of Atlanta, Ga.:

On the 24th of July, 1864, Horace Boughton, colonel commanding One hundred and forty-third Regiment New York Volunteer Infantry, having been relieved of the command of the regiment and placed in command of the Third Brigade, First Division, Twentieth Army Corps, the command of the regiment devolved upon Lieutenant Colonel Hezekiah Watkins, who is at present absent sick. On the 25th of July we were in field-works on the left of the Marietta road, one and a half miles from Atlanta. Nothing of more importance occurred than the usual operations of a siege, until the night of August 25, when we received marching orders and fell back to the Chattahoochee River. Here we constructed a strong line of field-works and remained inactive until September 1, when we were ordered to report to Brigadier-General Williams, commanding First Division, Twentieth Army Corps, at 7 a.m., in light marching order, and were sent on a reconnaissance with other regiments of the division. We proceeded to within one-fourth of a mile of the works we formerly occupied near Atlanta, and met the enemy in force, and having accomplished the object of the reconnaissance returned to camp. On September 3 we received marching orders; marched through the city of Atlanta, Ga., and went into camp northeast of the city.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN HIGGINS,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain A. E. LEE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 201.

Report of Captain John Garrett, Sixty-first Ohio Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTY-FIRST OHIO VOLUNTEERS,Atlanta, Ga., September 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Sixty-first Ohio Veteran Volunteers during the campaign that ended in the capture of Atlanta:

Returned from veteran furlough and joined the brigade at Trickum Post-Office, a., May 7. May 10, marched to Snake Creek Gap. May 13, in engagement near Resaca. In reserve till near night, when the enemy made an attempt to flank our position, when we went into action with the remainder of the brigade, repulsed the enemy and drove him back in confusion to his works. May 15, occupied a position near the left of our line and not far from the railroad. In the afternoon assisted in repulsing a heavy attack made by the enemy on our left

