
[Inclosure.]

Report of casualties in Sixty-first Regiment Ohio Volunteers, during the campaign ending in the capture of Atlanta.

Killed. Wounded. Missing.

 Offi	 Men	 Off	 Men	 Offi	 Men.

 cers	 	 ice	 	 cers

Action.	 	 	 rs	 	 .

Resaca	 -	 1	 1	 2	 -	 -

Dallas	 -	 6	 1	 23	 1	 -

Lost Mountain	 -	 1	 -	 3	 -	 -

Kenesaw Mountain	 1	 -	 1	 6	 -	 -

Kenesaw Mountain (skirmish	 -	 2	 -	 3	 -	 -

line)

Peach Tree Creek	 -	 20	 5	 52	 -	 2

Peach Tree Creek (skirmish	 1	 1	 -	 5	 -	 -

line)

Total	 2	 31	 8	 94	 1	 2

JOHN GARRETT,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Numbers 202.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel David Thomson, Eighty-second Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-SECOND Regiment OHIO VET. VOL. INFTY.,Atlanta, Ga., September 10, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with your order, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Eighty-second Regiment of Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry during the campaign which has just ended with the capture of Atlanta:

On the 2nd day of May, 1864, the regiment, then encamped near Bridgeport, Ala., broke camp and marched to Lookout Valley, Tenn., where it joined the Twentieth Corps, or that portion encamped at that place. The regiment afterward marched to Resaca and took part in the engagement near that place. Here Captain William J. Dickson, of Company B, who was at the time acting as major, was killed; my command met with no other loss. On the 25th day of May the regiment participated in the battle of Dallas, and met with a very severe loss; 11 enlisted men were killed and 53 wounded. On the 28th the Third Brigade, of which the Eighty-second forms a part, was sent as an escort to the ordnance train of the Twentieth Corps to Kingston, Ga. The train, after being loaded with ammunition, returned to the front escorted by the Third Brigade, where it arrived on the 1st day of June. From this date until the 22nd day of June the regiment was constantly skirmishing with the enemy; 1 enlisted man was killed by a shell near Pine Mountain on the 16th day of June. On the 22nd day of June the Twentieth Corps advanced to near Kenesaw Mountain. Here the First Division was attacked by the enemy before it had taken up a position. The enemy were, however, handsomely repulsed. My command lost 1 man killed and 3 wounded. The enemy having retreated from Kenesaw Mountain, the Twentieth Corps again advanced on the 3rd day of July. Constant skirmishing was kept up with the enemy, who was still retreating slowly. On the 19th of July

