
my command, together with the Thirteenth New Jersey, was sent to find and make connection with the right of the Fourth Corps. Both regiments were under the command of Colonel Carman, of the Thirteenth New Jersey. We found the right of the Fourth Corps and rendered material assistance to the skirmishers of General Wood's division of said corps in driving back a strong force of the enemy. The next day, the 20th, my command was again in the front and hotly engaged with the enemy, who had attacked the Twentieth Corps in large force. My loss was heavy; 1 officer, Lieutenant Asa H. Gary, was killed; 11 enlisted men were killed and 45 wounded; 5 enlisted [men] were missing and it is thought were taken prisoners.

On 21st my command moved to in front of Atlanta, where it built strong earth-works under the constant fire of the enemy's guns. On the 28th day of August, the Twentieth Corps having remained before Atlanta until that date, the corps fell back to the Chattahoochee River, while the remainder of the army moved to the right and engaged the enemy near Jonesborough. The regiment remained at this point until the 2nd day of September. The enemy having evacuated the city, the Eighty-second was sent, together with the One hundred and first Illinois Volunteers and General Knipe's brigade, to occupy and hold the place. A portion of the Third Division, Twentieth Corps, occupied the city the same day.

During the campaign the regiment lost 2 officers killed, and also 30 enlisted men killed; 98 enlisted men were wounded, of whom 9 have since died of their wounds. The officers and men of my regiment deserve my thanks for the ready obedience they have at all times yielded me. With a very few exceptions they have at all times discharged their duty bravely and manfully. They have borne the long marched and many fatigues and privations of the campaign without a murmur.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

D. THOMSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain A. E. LEE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 203.

Report of Colonel Francis H. West, Thirty-first Wisconsin Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-FIRST WISCONSIN VOLUNTEERS,Atlanta, Ga., September 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 155, from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to transmit the following report of the operations of my regiment from May 1, 1864, to the occupation of Atlanta:

May 1, 1864, the regiment was not brigaded, but attached to the Fourth Division, Twentieth Army Corps, and was stationed at the various stations on the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, between and including the station of Normandy and the city of Murfreesborough, with headquarters at Christiana, Tenn. May 13, 1864, headquarters of the regiment with five companies were stationed at Duck River bridge, Tenn. At this time, in addition to guarding railroad bridges and doing picket duty, it patrolled the railroad

