
from near Tullahoma to Murfreesborough. June 6, 1864, under orders from Brigadier-General Van Cleve, commanding Railroad Defenses, regiment marched toward Murfreesborough, at which place it arrived on the 8th of June, and where orders were received from General Rousseau, commanding division, to proceed at once to Nashville. Regiment arrived at Nashville June 10, and was assigned to post command, to perform city provost-guard duty. On July 16, orders having been received from Major-General Thomas, commanding Department of the Cumberland, transferring the regiment from the Fourth Division, Twentieth Corps, to the Third Brigade, First Division, Twentieth Corps, and ordering the regiment to proceed at once to the front, the regiment proceeded via Chattanooga to Marietta, Ga., by rail, from which place it marched to the army at the front on the south side of the Chattahoochee River, where it arrived and reported to Colonel Robinson, commanding brigade, on the morning of July 21, 1864. On this march the regiment lost by railroad accident, when near Adairsville, Ga., 1 killed and 12 wounded, including 2 commissioned officers. The effective force of the regiment at this date was 650; aggregate, 872. July 22, the regiment marched to enemy's defenses around Atlanta. While under the works of Atlanta the regiment lost 6 killed and 20 wounded, 2 of whom have since died of their wounds. August 25, the regiment marched to Chattahoochee River. September 4, regiment marched back and encamped in Atlanta.

Whole loss by death or discharge since May 1 is 31; by desertion, 5; whole number wounded, 32. Although the regiment was not engaged in any of the severe battles of the campaign, yet I feel that I cannot award too much praise to both the officers and men for their cool, determined courage and patient endurance during the immediate operations against Atlanta, subject as they were to the almost constant fire of the enemy day and night for thirty-five days, during which we were operating against the enemy's works in front of the city.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. H. WEST,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain A. E. LEE,

A. A. A. G., 3rd Brigadier, 1st div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 204.

Reports of Brigadier General John W. Geary, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Atlanta, Ga., September 15, 1864.

COLONEL; In pursuance of orders, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command during the campaign just terminated by the capture of Atlanta:

The consolidation of the Eleventh and Twelfth Army Corps having been ordered, the three brigades composing the Second Division of the corps were, with the exception of the One hundred and ninth Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, which remained as the nucleus of a new Second Brigade, consolidated into two-the First

