
and Third. The First Brigade consisted of the Twenty-eighth and One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, and the Fifth, Seventh, Twenty-ninth, and Sixty-sixth Regiments of Ohio Volunteers, composing an effective force of 2,846 officers and men, commanded by Colonel Charles Candy. The Second Brigade was composed of the Twenty-seventh, Seventy-third, and One hundred and ninth Regiments Pennsylvania Volunteers, of the One hundred and nineteenth, One hundred and thirty-fourth, and One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers, and of the Thirty-third Regiment New Jersey Volunteers, containing an effective force of 1,762 officers and men, commanded by Colonel Adolph Buschbeck. With the exception of the One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, all the regiments comprising this brigade were formerly connected with the Eleventh Corps. The Third Brigade consisted of the Twenty-ninth and One hundred and eleventh Regiments of Pennsylvania Volunteers, and of the Sixtieth, Seventy-eighth, One hundred and second, One hundred and thirty-seventh, and One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers, containing an effective force of 2,643 officers and men, commanded by Colonel David Ireland. The artillery attached to the division comprised Independent Pennsylvania Battery E, commonly known as Knap's Pennsylvania Battery, and the Thirteenth New York Battery, both commanded by Captain William Wheeler, as chief of the division artillery, which numbered 256 officers and men effective for the field. The total effective force of the division, including officers and men at the headquarters of the division, was 7,043, the aggregate of officers and men of all conditions present in the division being 7,607. At the date of the reception of marching orders, as for some time previously, the First Brigade garrisoned the post of Bridgeport, Ala., and vicinity. The Third Brigade occupied Stevenson and the railroad westward to Anderson. The Second Brigade, lying near the base of Lookout Mountain, formed part of the guard for the valley. On the 1st of May orders were received directing me to convene my division at Bridgeport, at which place Ireland's brigade joined me on the evening of the 2d. On the morning of the 2nd I received a dispatch from Major-General Hooker directing me to hold my command in readiness to move, and during the day, from the same source, an order to move on the morning of the 3rd toward Chattanooga Valley.

May 3, 1864, at 9 a.m. the First and Third Brigades set forward and after marching until 2 p.m. I halted them at Shellmound in order that my wagon train might reach me without overtaking the mules, many of which had never before been harnessed. A few days previously, under orders from Major-General Thomas, I had detached Colonel Pardee, One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, with 400 men of the First Brigade, to take charge of and man one of the gun-boats recently built at Bridgeport for the purpose of patrolling the Tennessee River westward. The duties required of this detachment were performed, and, having taken up the pontoon bridge at Larkinsville, it was brought safely to Bridgeport, where the gun-boat was turned over to Captain Edwards, assistant quartermaster, and on the evening of the 3rd Colonel Pardee joined me at Shellmound. Another detachment of my division joined me at the same place, being a party of mechanics whom I had detailed to construct, under my personal supervision, a roadway for wagons on the railroad bridge across the Tennessee at Bridgeport. May 4, the weather being sultry I marched at early

8 R R-VOL XXXVIII PT II

