
by again charging the crest in their front as soon as cheers from the Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers should indicate their success on the enemy's flank. The order was promptly executed, but it was found impossible by the Thirty-third New Jersey to gain the palisades at the point aimed at on account of their high, precipitous formation, and they were obliged to oblique a little to the left. There finding a few narrow apertures they rushed through, where but two or three could climb abreast, and the first of them reaching the crest their loud cheers were re-echoed along the lines. At this signal the other regiments rushed again to the assault, and portions of the Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers and One hundred and thirty-fourth and One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers again reached the summit, but it was impossible to hold it. So few at a time could clamber through the narrow clefts that the enemy overwhelmed them and forced them off the cliffs. During the several assaults to the right of the pass the Twenty-ninth Ohio Veteran Volunteers had fought heroically on the left of it, and having lost very heavily the Fifth and Sixty-sixth Ohio Volunteers had been brought up to its support. It was now dusk, and official information was brought me from Colonel Ireland, commanding my Third Brigade, that the movement on Snake Creek Gap was successful, and it was in full possession of the Army of the Tennessee. The object of my attack having been fully accomplished by securing the attention of the enemy while General McPherson's movement was made on Snake Creek Gap, I deemed further continuance of the action unnecessary and decided to withdraw to the foot of the mountain. Two sections of McGill's battery were brought across Mill Creek at Hall's Mill, and from a position at the foot of the ridge and on the left of the road they kept up a continuous fire on the enemy. The Fifth, Seventh, and Sixty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, which had not been seriously engaged, were so deployed as to cover the movement. Our dead and wounded were all removed to the field hospital, and my entire command was withdrawn and encamped around and near Babb's house, such disposition being made of the troops as to hold the position against attack from any direction. During the night breast-works were constructed encircling our encampment in an almost continuous line. Ireland's brigade, having marched from Snake Creek Gap, rejoined me about 10 p.m. The work assigned to this brigade had been successfully performed. In conjunction with General Kilpatrick's cavalry, it had marched from Gordon's Springs to Villanow, and from thence to Snake Creek Gap, which it held until General McPherson arrived there, thus covering the movements of the Army of the Tennessee in that vicinity from the observation of the enemy.

For the particulars of this expedition I respectfully refer to the official reports of the operations of Colonel Ireland's brigade. I learned from prisoners and deserters that the troops opposed to us in this action comprised a brigade of Arkansas infantry, two regiments of Kentucky cavalry, and Cleburne's division, which was brought up as support, during the pending of the battle; also, that the enemy lost in killed 69, which exceeded the number killed in my command, indicating that their casualties at least equaled mine. To Colonel Charles Candy, commanding First Brigade, I am indebted for his promptness and efficiency in handling his troops under persistent and galling fire. Captain Wheeler, my chief of artillery, proved himself a master hand in this his first action under my com-

