
mand. I must mention with special commendation Captains Davis, Veale, and Lamber, of my staff, who exhibited more than ordinary gallantry, forming the troops, and assisting personally in the heroic assaults made to the very summit of the ridge. Lieutenant-Colonel Flynn and Major Fitzpatrick, of the Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Colonel Fitch and Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes, of the Twenty-ninth Ohio Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Jackson, of the One hundred and thirty-fourth, and Lieutenant-Colonel Allen, of the One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Fourat, of the Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, and Major Cresson, Seventy-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, also deserve special mention. They with their regiments sustained the burden of the conflict and performed their duty in the most trying positions. Captain H. C. Bartlett, Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, an officer of great bravery and merit, was killed at the head of his company after he had reached the crest of the palisades. The loss in the Twenty-ninth Ohio Volunteers was particularly severe. Colonel Fitch and Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes, two of my best field officers, both received wounds that will probably disable them for further service in the field. The adjutant of that regiment was mortally and several of the line officers were severely wounded. Major Fizpatrick, Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, a most gallant officer, was wounded by three bullets passing through both legs.

Casualties in battle of Mill Creek Gap, May 8, 1864.

 Killed.	 Wounded	 Missing	 Aggregate

Commissioned officers	 3	 12	 --	 15

Enlisted men	 46	 245	 51	 342

Total	 49	 257	 51	 357

May 9,10, and 11, the division remained encamped near the foot of the mountain, guarding the approaches to and from it for a distance of five miles. In compliance with orders from Major-General Hooker, early on the morning of the 11th I sent one regiment of my division, the Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, to the trace on my left, where it relieved two of Butterfield's regiments. May 12, my whole command was relieved by the cavalry division under Colonel Edward McCook, and I marched to and through Snake Creek Gap, encamping a short distance beyond its eastward opening. May 13, marched to a farm near Isaac King's house, two and a half miles from Resaca, and at 3.45 p.m. formed in columns of battalions across a narrow road leading into the main road from Dalton to Calhoun, Butterfield's division being in our immediate front, and Williams' in our front and left. At 7 p.m. formed line of division front, occupying Williams' position, covering the main road from Dalton to Rome, and throwing up a line of works. The First Brigade, resting its left upon the road, was deployed up the hill on the right, the Third and Second Brigades occupying the works upon the left.

BATTLE OF RESACA.

May 14, at 4 p.m., in accordance with orders, I moved with my First and Third Brigades, following the First Division past the rear of the army to the extreme left on the Dalton and Resaca main road,

