
the battery nearly together, the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, of Ireland's brigade, under Colonel George A. Cobham, leading and forcing its way through the jaws of death, till they had their hands upon the guns and their colors on the earth-works, from which part of the gunners had been driven and the rest killed or captured. This work was a sunken one at the crest of the hill, and open toward its rear. Twenty yards in rear was a line of strong breast-works, from which a deadly shower of bullets poured around and into the battery, rendering it impossible for men to live there. Cobham, with that cool and accurate judgment which never forsook him, formed his line, now augmented by other portions of the brigade, within fifteen yards of the guns, where by the formation of the ground his troops were less exposed to the terrible fire, while at the same time his own muskets covered the battery from the front. During the advance of Ireland's brigade a body of troops from another division, sweeping through the brigade, had severed it, and by my orders all of it, excepting three regiments, were posted in reserve, and Colonel Cobham was directed to take command of the three regiments, which had now silenced and held under command of their guns the battery. Three regiments of Buschbeck's brigade, which had advanced gallantly, driving the enemy from two hills on the left of Cobham, were not far from him. With these three regiments Colonel Lockman was now ordered to report to Colonel Cobham, which he did promptly. Between 3 and 4 p.m. I received orders from Major-General Hooker, commanding the corps, to relieve whatever of General Butterfield's division was then holding position in the front line. Half of my Second and Third Brigades were then with Cobham. From the remainder of my command the order was at once complied with, and all of General Butterfield's troops were relieved, and by the direct order of Major-General Hooker, as well as my own, Colonel Cobham was directed to make every effort to secure and bring off the battery in his front. To this end I sent him as re-enforcements the Fifth Ohio Volunteers from Candy's brigade and other regiments from the Second and Third Brigades, numbering in all ten regiments, and invested him with full command of all the troops at that isolated point. I had now sent him one half of my entire division. Our lines were now strengthened and established in readiness for further operations, General Williams' division being formed entirely on my left, and General Butterfield's division being wholly withdrawn and posted in reserve. Musketry firing was kept up during the afternoon and night, and strong works were thrown up on the hills occupied by our main lines.

In the isolated position held by Cobham it was impossible to erect even a slight barricade without receiving a terrible fire from the enemy fifty yards distant. In front of my left and Williams' right was a long, cleared field occupying two hills and a narrow ravine, and extending to a wooded hill on which was the enemy's main line. In front of my right was a field occupying a long, wide ravine, extending from the right of my line to a cleared hill on which was also the enemy's main line. Through this ravine ran the road previously referred to. Across the ravine to my right were lines of intrenchments held by the Fourth Corps and facing nearly eastward at right angles to my front. In front of the center of my main line a series of timbered spurs and knobs extended half a mile toward the enemy's mainlines to the detached position held by Cobham. The troops

