
ordinary amount of skill and heroism. Colonel Lockman and Lieutenant-Colonels Randall, Kilpatrick, Lloyd, and Fourat, with the troops under their command, rendered good service in their execution of all orders, the execution of which was intrusted to Colonel Cobham. Colonels Candy and Ireland, and Captain Wheeler, my chief of artillery, performed their important shares in the work bravely, skillfully, and efficiently. Lieutenant Colonel E. F. Lloyd, One hundred and nineteenth New York Volunteers, fell mortally wounded at the head of his regiment while charging the enemy's battery. In the same charge, Captain Charles Woeltge, One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, lost his life, being shot while his hand was on the cannon.

Casualties in battle of Resaca, Ga.

 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.	 Aggrega

 	 	 	 te

Commissioned officers	 2	 5	 --	 7

Enlisted men	 21	 210	 28	 259

Total	 23	 215	 28	 266

May 16, shortly before daylight (in the morning) it was discovered that the enemy had evacuated which was immediately communicated to General Hooker. The Sixtieth New York Volunteers was sent to reconnoiter in the direction of Resaca. With my entire command in advance of the corps, I followed closely to within a mile of Resaca, where I turned to the left, and after waiting for orders upwards of an hour at the crossing of the Newtown road, and ascertaining that the ferry at Newtown could not be crossed, I proceeded eastward to Fite's Ferry, which was reached about 9 a.m. Here I crossed half of my command in a ferry-boat, which was brought from the opposite shore, the other half, with the artillery, crossing a quarter of a mile below, the water at the ford being about three feet in depth. Passing through the cavalry command of General Stoneman, I pressed on to McClure's Ferry, on the Coosawattee (a beautiful stream 100 yards in width), on the southern banks of which I found the enemy's scouts. Posting a section of artillery on a prominent knoll commanding the opposite bank, to protect the passage, I crossed my infantry on two old ferry-boats, upon which I subsequently constructed a bridge, over which the artillery and wagons of my own and other divisions of the corps were crossed during the night and on the following morning encamped about a mile south of the ferry. May 17, at 1 p.m. marched out the Resaca and Adairsville road, camping near the junction of the Adairsville and Calhoun road, about four miles from Calhoun. May 18, broke camp at 8.30 a.m. and made a forced march of about fifteen miles to the foot of Gravelly Plateau, on the Cassville road, eight miles from Kingston, where I encamped, Butterfield in my front, Williams in my rear. May 19, being ordered to send one regiment on a reconnaissance toward Kingston, and to be ready to support it with the entire division, I sent out the Fifth Ohio Volunteers, and soon after, under further orders, followed with the whole command, marching across Gravelly Plateau in a southerly direction, through unbroken forests, over deep ravines, moving my artillery with great difficulty. I connected with the Fourteenth Corps at 10.30 a.m. I moved until in sight of the railroad at Kingston, then moving east-

