
ward, and at 3 p.m. connected with Butterfield at Price's house, on the Cassville and Kingston road. Here I found Butterfield in line of battle, shelling the enemy in the woods beyond. By a reconnaissance sent out toward the railroad, I connected with Newton's division, of the Fourth Corps, and then moved forward (crossing Two-Run Creek) south of the main road to Cassville, pressing the rear guard of the retreating enemy and capturing a number of prisoners. Formed line, with the Fourth Corps on my right, Butterfield and Williams on my left. Artillery and musketry firing upon the evacuating foe continued until long after dark, when my command went into camp half a mile west of Cassville, near Pendegrast's house.

May 20,21, and 22, remained in camp, inspected my command, and prepared in every way for the further prosecution of the campaign. On the 20th received orders to be in readiness to march on the 23d, with twenty days' rations, and to send all sick and wounded to the rear. May 23, the term of service of the Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers (Colonel A. Buschbeck) having expired, it returned home. By the departure of Colonel Buschbeck, Colonel J. T. Lockman, One hundred and nineteenth New York Volunteers, being senior officer present, was placed in command of the Second Brigade; marched at 6 a.m., following Butterfield, and crossed the Etowah on pontoon bridge near Milam's Bridge, encamping on high ground one and a half miles south of the river, Williams on my right and Butterfield on my left. May 24, under orders from General Hooker to push the enemy across Raccoon Creek toward Allatoona, I broke camp at daylight and pushed rapidly to the creek, resting a line of skirmishers on it to hold the Alabama road. In this position, covering the movement of Williams and Butterfield toward Burnt Hickory, I remained until noon, when I was relieved by the Twenty-third Corps. I then moved to the right, through fields and woods, in two parallel columns, with skirmishers moving by the flank along the creek, which I crossed about noon, passing through a deep ravine and up the sides of a spur of the Allatoona range. Reaching the summit, I halted the column, and going in person to the creek, about 200 yards above the point where my troops had passed, found the artillery and entire transportation of the corps detained on account of the miserable condition of the road. After bridging the creek (at this point almost impassable) and cutting a road along the mountain side, up which the trains had to pass, I remained until the artillery and wagons had all crossed, and then moving on through dense woods, giving the road to the artillery and transportation, took the road to Burnt Hickory, a short distance beyond which I encamped, on the extreme right, Williams on my left.

NEW HOPE CHURCH.

May 25, at 7 a.m. I marched with my command, taking the road to Dallas via bridge across Pumpkin Vine Creek at Owen's Mill. Williams' and Butterfield's divisions, moving, respectively, by roads on my right and left, were to cross the creek by other bridges. The point of concentration ordered was to be Dallas (see order of march for May 25, dated May 24, headquarters Department of the Cumberland). The major-general commanding corps and myself, with our staff,s and escort preceded the troops to the bridge at Owen's Mill, which we found burning, having just been fired.

