
While engaged in extinguishing the flames and repairing the bridge we were fired upon from the hill opposite, proving that the enemy were here in our front. A portion of Major-General Hooker's cavalry escort fording the creek, deployed and advanced on the opposite side through the woods, driving before them a short distance what proved to be an outpost of twenty-five cavalrymen. My infantry soon came up, and the repairs to the bridge being finished by the pioneer corps, the entire division crossed; the Seventh Ohio Volunteers preceding, deployed as skirmishers, advanced rapidly in the direction of New Hope Church, Candy's brigade leading. Near Hawkins' house, one and a half miles from the bridge, our skirmishers became heavily engaged with those of the enemy, and almost immediately a furious charge was made upon us. Our skirmishers resisted. Candy's brigade was deployed into line on the double-quick, and after a sharp engagement the charge was repulsed. The skirmish line was now re-enforced, and extended to the length of a mile by the Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers. The remaining four regiments of Candy's brigade were deployed in line of battle, and, supported by my other two brigades, moved forward, attacking and driving steadily for half a mile a heavy force of Hood's corps, which opposed us. From prisoners captured we learned that Hood's entire corps was in our front, and Hardee's not far off, in the direction of Dallas. My division was isolated, at least five miles from the nearest supporting troops, and had been sustaining a sharp conflict with the enemy for four hours. Close in my front was an overwhelming force. My command was, by order of the major-general commanding the corps (who was with me), halted and formed on a ridge in the woods, advantageous for defense, and a slight barricade of logs hastily thrown up. My skirmish lines were deployed to a still greater extent than before, and ordered to keep up an aggressive fire, the object being to deceive the enemy as to our weakness by a show of strength. During this halt a charge made by a brigade of the enemy in column upon that part of my skirmish line occupied by the Seventh Ohio Volunteers was handsomely repulsed. The skirmish line there formed nearly a right angle toward the enemy, who charged upon the center line, not seeing that upon their flank. When the three regiments neared the angle they were met by a sharp fire in front and a heavy enfilading fire from their left flank, and retreated in hasty disorder and with considerable loss. Orders had been sent, as soon as the enemy was found in force in my front, by the major-general commanding corps, to Generals Butterfield and Williams to march their divisions to the point where mine was engaged. By 5 p.m. both had come up and massed, Williams on my right and Butterfield on my left and rear. each division was quickly formed for attack in columns by brigades, Williams leading, Butterfield next, my division as a reserve, and the corps advanced upon the enemy. In the advance Butterfield's brigades moved toward the flanks, leaving me in support of Williams, who had been heavily engaged, driving the enemy some distance. I received orders to push forward and relieve his troops. This was between 6 and 7 p.m. The movement ordered for my division was made with great rapidity, through a dense woods, swept by a very heavy artillery and musketry fire. The discharges of canister and shell from the enemy were heavier than in any other battle of the campaign in which my command were engaged. The troops of General Williams' division were relieved by this movement, and Cob-

