
our throwing up works, but in every case they were driven back with severe loss. Their artillery was rendered almost entirely inefficient by the constant watchfulness of our sharpshooters, and our works progressed rapidly. After dusk, Cobham's brigade, being relieved by Ward's, of Butterfield's division, took the place held in line by Coburn, thus bringing my entire command into a connected line.

My losses during yesterday and to-day were 376 killed, wounded, and missing. A full statement of them will be found hereto appended. I have to enumerate among the dead, fallen in the battle of New Hope Church, Colonel John H. Patrick, Fifth Ohio Volunteers, a brave officer, who had served with his regiment since April, 1861, and here fell mortally wounded by a canister-shot, and Lieutenant Joseph W. Hitt, of Colonel Candy's staff, a promising young officer. My three brigade commanders, Colonels Candy, Lockman, and Cobham, all displayed personal gallantry and performed their whole duty in the most efficient manner. The behavior of the officers and men under their command was excellent throughout. For twenty-four hours they were actively engaged with the enemy without opportunity to cook a single meal or make a cup of coffee. I sustained a personal loss in the capture of Captain L. R. Davis, of the Seventh Ohio Volunteers, who had served as aide-de-camp on my staff for two years and had earned a wide-spread reputation for his extreme gallantry and personal daring.

May 27, lively skirmishing all day, our sharpshooters preventing the enemy from free use of their guns (artillery). The enemy made occasional attempts to drive in our skirmishers, but were each time driven back to their intrenchments with heavy loss. My artillery kept up a destructive fire, enfilading portions of the enemy's works. In this constant, watchful war between skirmishers, kept up night and day, here as elsewhere in similar positions during this campaign, my troops thoroughly proved their superiority over the enemy as sharpshooters, invariably driving them from their post. During the 28th, 29th, 30th, and 31st days of May our position and general daily routine of artillery practice and sharpshooting were unchanged. Small out-works for the protection of skirmishers were thrown up at every available point, thus diminishing my daily returns of casualties. From the 25th of May until the 1st of June my entire division was under fire, without an hour of relief. Owing to the proximity of the lines, and the nature of the ground, no one, whether in front or rear, could rest quietly with any assurance of safety. No opportunity being afforded for proper shelter, rest, and diet, the necessary result of this series of operations was a large increase of sickness.

Casualties in battle at New Hope Church, Ga.

 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing	 Aggregate

Commissioned officers	 3	 17	 1	 21

Enlisted men	 49	 422	 17	 488

Total	 52	 439	 18	 509

June 1, being relieved by Harrow's division, of the Fifteenth Corps, I withdrew my command from the works and, forming, in the Dallas road, marched to the rear of the left of Johnson's division, of the

