
Fourteenth Corps, where the division encamped, with Butterfield on the right and Williams on the left. June 2, moved still farther to the left in the direction of Allatoona Church, within about two and a half miles of which I placed my command in position on a thickly wooded ridge in rear and in support of the Twenty-third Corps. During the day heavy storms of rain and hail prevailed, making the ground heavy, and swelling the creeks so as to render them almost impassable. Active artillery and musketry fire in the front, during which many shots passed through my camp, in which also several shells exploded. June 3, 4, and 5, remained in same position. On the 3rd of Third Brigade was detached and at 4 p.m. proceeded to the bridge on the Acworth road over Allatoona Creek, with orders to hold the bridge and the ford. It found the bridge in a shattered condition, but placed it in good order, remaining at this point during the 4th and 5th. June 6, the enemy having evacuated the works in the immediate front of the army, the division marched to the Marietta road, encamping on Hull's farm, near the junction of the roads leading to Big Shanty and to Lost Mountain, Butterfield and Williams on the right, the Fourth Corps upon the left. June 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, and 12, remained in same position, having thrown up breast-works to cover the roads approaching my front, advancing my skirmishers and feeling the enemy, who were found fortifying the ridges connecting Lost Mountain, and Pine Hill. On the 7th Colonel P. H. Jones, One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers, having reported for duty, and being the senior officer, was assigned to the command of the Second Brigade. On the 10th orders were received to move on the Marietta road toward Kenesaw Station, but the Fourth and Fourteenth Corps, occupying the road with troops and trains, prevented any movement on the part of my command. On the 11th, the term of service of the Seventh Ohio Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel McClelland, having expired, the regiment departed for the North. During its long connection with my division, this regiment, by gallant service upon many fields, on which it lost heavily, earned for itself a reputation of which Ohio may well be proud. June 13, by direction of the major-general commanding corps, I moved at noon with my three brigades and two batteries of artillery to the right of the Marietta road, passed through the intrenched lines of Williams' division, and formed on a wooded spur projecting at right angles from his line of works. My left here connected with the right of Stanley's division, of the Fourth Corps, near Williams' left. The general front of the Fourth and Twentieth Corps was southward; my troops in the new position taken faced nearly east. My right rested near one of the principal branches of Allatoona Creek, on the north bank of which were my pickets, on the other those of the enemy, between whom skirmishing was maintained. From this position to the summit of Pine Hill was about 1,200 yards in direct line of fire. The enemy, reaching from Kenesaw Mountain on the right to Lost Mountain on the left, held this summit as an advanced post in front of their center, their main line curving around in rear of it.

Pine Hill is very steep, conical in form, and by far the highest between Kenesaw and Lost Mountain. On its summit were batteries strongly intrenched, and around the hill, a short distance below the summit, were circumvallating works held in force. A signal station was also in full operation on this eminence, which commanded a view of the position and movements of our army. Now com-

