
troops erected a temporary breast-work of logs. About the same time Knipe's brigade, of Williams' division, formed on Ireland's refused right and Ruger's brigade on Candy's refused left. Knipe's brigade was withdrawn from that position in the night after my skirmishers had connected with Butterfield's. The nature of the ground on which the battle of Pine Hill was fought prevented the use of artillery on my part. During the night works with embrasures were constructed on the left of my line with the purpose of using them the next day. My thanks are due to Brigadier-General Williams, commanding First Division of this corps, for his courtesy in tendering me the services of Colonel Robinson's brigade; also, to Colonel Robinson for his promptness in responding to my wishes. His brigade, although not brought into action, was placed in a position in reserve, where in case of attack by the enemy it would have rendered efficient service. Colonels Candy, Jones, and Ireland deserve the highest commendation for the manner in which their respective brigades were maneuvered. Colonels Cobham and Pardee and Lieutenant-Colonel Jackson, in command of a very extended skirmish line, conducted their advance with skill and gallantry. Indeed it is difficult to select names for special mention in this battle where every officer and man acted with heroic determination. The members of my staff rendered me quick, intelligent, and unwearied service. The proportion of casualties among officers in my command was unusually great; among them Captain Veale, assistant commissary of musters, who, acting as aide-de-camp, was severely wounded through the lungs in the early part of the action. Among field officers wounded were Major Cresson, Seventy-third Pennsylvania Volunteers; Captain Gimber, commanding One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Colonel Rickards, Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Major Stegman, One hundred and second New York Volunteers, all of whom were in command of their respective regiments.

Casualties in battle of Pine Hill, Ga.

 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing	 Aggregate

Commissioned officers	 1	 25	 -	 26

Enlisted men	 81	 407	 5	 493

Total	 82	 432	 5	 519

June 16, early this forenoon Butterfield's division connected with my right. Both of my batteries were placed in position near my right and left and opened on the enemy, enfilading portions of their works. The enemy's artillery replied as much as they could, while closely watched by our sharpshooters. The casualties during the day on the skirmish line, especially in the Second Brigade, were severe. The enemy made several ineffectual sorties upon us during the day, our close proximity being very harassing to them. June 17, before 1 a.m., Major Symmes, Fifth Ohio Volunteers, division officer of the day, sent me word that the enemy had evacuated and the skirmishers under his command had entered their works. I immediately communicated this information to the major-general commanding corps, and without awaiting his orders, occupied the evacuated works with my entire division, and advanced a line of

9 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT II

