
The works of the enemy gave abundant indications of the splendid execution of my artillery; many of the embrasures were shattered. The woods in front, cut and torn, showed how truly the artillery was aided and what execution had been accomplished.

NOYES' CREEK.

At 7 o'clock I advanced my whole command on the Dallas and Marietta road, having previously rebuilt the bridge over Muddy Creek, which had been carried away by the swollen current, crossed the creek, and reached Noyes' Creek, where I was detained a short time to repair the bridge crossing it. After considerable difficulty, the bridge being swept away while crossing by the furious stream, which was still swelling rapidly, I succeeded in passing my entire command. Moving on over the miserable road, I encountered the enemy's skirmishers three-quarters of a mile beyond the creek, and pressing them, found the enemy intrenched a short distance beyond. I speedily formed line, placed the Third Brigade on the right of the road, the First on the left, connecting with Williams, holding the Second in reserve; both batteries were placed in position and opened upon the enemy. My skirmish line advancing drove the enemy's sharpshooters behind their rail defenses, within short distance of their main line. Toward evening Butterfield came up and formed on my right, a small branch of Noyes' Creek intervening. Rain continued heavily during day and night, rendering the roads very bad and the creeks almost impassable. Skirmishing continued steadily throughout day and night. June 20, in the morning I relieved the Third Brigade by the Second, the Third retiring to the rear on my right. My artillery continued to play with considerable effect upon the rebel lines during the day. At dark my First and Third Brigades were relieved by a brigade of Wood's division, Fourth Corps. Leaving my Second Brigade in position on the left of Butterfield, I moved Candy and Ireland and the artillery to the right, across the creek, Candy's brigade going upon the right of the Third Division, Ireland and the artillery bivouacking in rear of Butterfield's right. June 21, the Second Brigade being relieved joined me early in the morning, when I moved out the Second and Third Brigades to the right of the First, forming a continuous line along the road, and connecting on the right with Williams' division, which had been moved on the previous evening. This position I intrenched strongly, placing all my artillery in the line. In the morning I sent out the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers and One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, under command of Colonel Cobham, on a reconnaissance toward Marietta and Powder Springs road, similar reconnaissance having been sent out at the same time by the other divisions of the corps. Cobham developed a strong line of rebel skirmishers about three-quarters of a mile in front of my breast-works, where he maintained an active contest all day, crowding the rebel line back from our line upwards of a quarter of a mile. The reconnoitering parties of the First and Third Divisions were withdrawn during the night. Hoping to secure the object sought, I directed mine to remain.

KOLB'S FARM.

June 22, at 3 o'clock in the morning Cobham's party drove the rebels from a high hill one mile in front of the main line of the division. Early in the morning I moved the command forward

