
KENESAW.

June 27, early in the morning I massed my command in rear of the center of my line, Second Brigade in front, First next, and Third Brigade in rear. At about 7 o'clock the Second Brigade, of Williams' division, moved to the works on my left in readiness to occupy the line vacated by my movement. At 8 o'clock I moved over my works, advancing rapidly under a well-directed fire from three of the enemy's batteries and under an effective fire from a heavy picket-line, across the cleared ground in front, through a belt of woods beyond, halting at its outer edge. So rapidly and well executed was the movement that many of the enemy were captured in their pits, and their line fell back speedily, not without severe loss. McGill's battery in position upon the hill from which my infantry had moved, maintained a steady fire upon the main rebel in beyond the woods. The Second Brigade having halted on gaining the edge of the woods, and the Fourteenth Corps now being heavily engaged on a high hill, on my left, I formed line, placing the First Brigade on the left, and the Third upon the right; the Second Brigade, holding the center, was well advanced. The brigades, right and left, retired almost at right angels; this formation being necessitated by the Fourteenth Corps having been repulsed in its attack on my left and the First Division not yet having advanced upon my right. At the time of the advance of the Fourteenth Corps my skirmish line, consisting the Fifth Ohio Volunteers, under Major Symmes, went forward on the double-quick across the open ground between the left of my main line and the right of the Fourteenth Corps, driving the enemy's skirmishers before them, and capturing a small house upon the immediate right of the hill on which the enemy was strongly intrenched, the position thus seized being one from which the enemy's left could be enfiladed with artillery. I determined to hold it, and accordingly sent forward re-enforcements with intrenching tools to throw up works; I also sent forward the Thirteenth New York Battery to open upon the enemy's works. The battery had just reached its new position and was preparing to open fire, when the lines of the Fourteenth Corps withdrew, and the enemy opened upon our artillery. To hold the position without support was impossible, and I accordingly withdrew the artillery to a knoll in rear of the left of my line, from which I opened a steady fire upon the enemy in my immediate front. The skirmishers held the position they had gained, despite every effort to dislodge them. The skirmish line being so far advanced, it became dangerous to fire from the battery on the hill I had left in the morning. I therefore moved McGill's battery forward to the knoll immediately in rear of my new line. From this point the battery renewed its fire, continuing throughout the day. My main line, now well intrenched, extended through the belt of woods to the open fields on the left, and on the right to a swampy marsh impassable for troops. About 3 o'clock a brigade of Williams' division came up on my right on the opposite side of the marsh. Skirmishing continued briskly through the day, and heavy artillery firing by the enemy. June 28 and 29, remained in same position, skirmishing lively, with artillery firing during the day. June 30, after dark was relieved by Baird's division, of the Fourteenth Corps, and moved to the right about two and a half miles, where I relieved Hascall's division, of the Twenty-third Corps, in works just beyond the Powder Springs road, my whole division in line before daylight.

