
Casualties in actions of Muddy Creek, Nancy's Creek, Kolb's Farm, and Kenesaw Mountain.

 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing	 Aggregate

Commissioned officers	 2	 11	 -	 13

Enlisted men	 26	 229	 2	 257

Total	 28	 240	 2	 270

July 1 and 2, there being no troops on my right other than a picket-line from Cox's division, of the Twenty-third Corps, which extended half a mile beyond the flank of my division, I strengthened and changed the direction of the line of works so as to protect well my right flank, placing one regiment on a post of observation well intrenched half a mile in advance of the main line of works.

MARIETTA.

July 3, the enemy having evacuated his line in our front during the night, I moved in pursuit at daylight, pushing across a thickly wooded broken country toward Neal Station, the Third Division on my left along the Powder Springs road. Passing through the enemy's abandoned works, very lively skirmishing ensued with their rear guard, consisting of cavalry and infantry. Pressing on rapidly, I reached Maloney's Church, near which the enemy made a stand on the opposite side of the railroad. The enemy was behind the railroad embankment and hastily constructed works, from which he opened with musketry and artillery upon my advance. My troops now being at hand, I immediately placed a section of McGill's battery in position and opened upon them, whilst my skirmishers, charging forward, drove them from the railroad and the works. On the ground from which the rebels were driven we found the bodies of a colonel and 7 privates, besides 7 dead horses. At this point I made connection with the Fourteenth Corps upon my left. Changing direction and moving to the south about two miles, I found the enemy strongly posted on a commanding ridge. Here I formed line upon the extreme right of the corps. During the day took 170 prisoners. The night passed with the usual picket-firing. July 4, skirmishing in my front; the enemy busily engaged in strengthening their works and slashing timbers. During the day Butterfield and Williams moved to my right, and I extended my line to the left across the gap thus made to connect with Davis' division, of the Fourteenth Corps. July 5, the enemy evacuated during the previous night, and at daylight with my command I started in pursuit, passing through his works, elaborate and strong; marched south by east over a succession of rough and densely wooded ridges without regular roads, crossing Nickajack Creek near Ruff and Daniel's Mill. I then moved toward Turner's Ferry, the Fourteenth Corps still upon my left, the Army of the Tennessee upon my right, Williams and Butterfield following me. During the morning my skirmishers became slightly engaged with the enemy's cavalry, who retired before my advance. At 3 p.m. found the enemy occupying a strong line of works on hills skirting the north side of the Chattahoochee. Posting a strong picket-line along the Nickajack, closely fronting the enemy's works, I massed the division in the woods near the old factory road and on Dodd's farm, my right connected by pickets with the Army of the Tennessee, no connection upon my left with the Fourteenth Corps, which was across Nickajack Creek. From my camp we could plainly discern the steeples and chimneys of Atlanta.

