
ence to the heavy battle of July 20, needs accurate description. The ridge occupied by Candy and Jones was heavily timbered, as was the country in their rear and to their right. The surrounding country presented broken ridges, with deep ravines and thickets, while here and there were isolated hills and spurs. In front and to the right of my First Brigade the country was densely timbered for two miles. Directly in front of Candy and to his left it was cleared. The cleared space in his front was about 600 yards wide; that to his left opened out into the valley of Peach Tree Creek; about eight yards to his left ran a swampy stream, a tributary of that creek. Beyond this stream rose the broad hill held by Ward's skirmishers, while his division lay in line on the lower slope of that hill, in Peach Tree Valley. Thus it will be seen that my main line occupied a position equally advanced with the skirmishers of both the other divisions. My skirmishers had advanced across a swampy rivulet about 300 yards in front of my main line, their left in the open field, and their right on a high, narrow, timbered hill in front of my right. Deeming that hill an important outpost, I directed Colonel Jones to send a regiment to occupy it. The Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers was immediately sent, and I went to the hill to reconnoiter, directing another regiment from Colonel Jones' brigade to follow the Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers. On reaching the hill I found my skirmishers on the crest and the Thirty-third New Jersey just arriving. On my way I met 3 prisoners, sent in from the skirmish line. They were quite communicative, saying that there were no large bodies of their troops within two miles. The Thirty-third New Jersey formed in line on the hill, and I directed a portion of the skirmish line to advance a short distance along the slope of the ridge to develop the intentions of the enemy, who were keeping perfectly quiet. Not a man of theirs was to be seen or heard in any direction. These skirmishers had advanced but a few rods when the enemy poured in a continuous fire upon us from our front and right, and were found to be advancing in very heavy force on all sides, being already within seventy-five yards, their heaviest attack being on my right. The Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, together with my skirmish line, was quickly forced back to my main line with considerable loss. Scarcely had they joined the main body when the enemy, in immense force, rapidly and fiercely burst upon the right flank of Candy's and Jones' brigades and passed their flanks to their rear, at the same time charging on Candy's front, right, and rear. It was necessary to change front with a portion of my command to meet the impending danger. The One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, holding that part of the front line in which my artillery was posted, remained to fight the enemy in that direction; the Sixtieth New York Volunteers, of Ireland's brigade, and the One hundred and nineteenth New York Volunteers and Seventy-third and One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, of Jones' brigade, assisted in support of the artillery-these five regiments, with the aid of my batteries, fighting on all sides and holding the hill, while with the rest of my command I quickly changed front and formed in the midst of the battle, connecting with General Williams' division. This was done by changing front to the right will all of Candy's brigade, except the One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, and deploying Ireland's and Jones' brigades in one line, connecting Ireland's left with Candy's and Jones' right with General Williams' left. The following diagram will show the position:

