
bravery of my officers and men were driven back. I cannot refrain from special mentioning Major Reynolds, chief of artillery of the corps, who, with Captain Aleshire, my own chief, was present on my line and rendered distinguished services throughout the severest portion of the battle.

Colonel Ario Pardee, of the One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, deserves special mention for the determination, discipline, and personal gallantry displayed in holding his position in support of the artillery under a terrible fire from his flank and rear. My loss in valuable officers was particularly severe. Captain Thomas H. Elliott, assistant adjutant-general on my staff, was killed instantly in the thickest of the battle. His death was a severe loss to me personally, as well as to my division. He had served with me as assistant adjutant-general for nearly three years and was distinguished for his ability and gallantry. Colonel George A. Cobham, One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, a model gentleman and commander, fell mortally wounded. For one year previous to the organization of the Twentieth Corps, by the consolidation of the Eleventh and Twelfth, he commanded the Second Brigade of my division, and led it with great credit through the battles at Gettysburg, Wauhatchie, Lookout Mountain, Mission Ridge, and Ringgold. He participated with his regiment in all the battles and movements of our present campaign, and during the absence of Colonel Ireland commanded my Third Brigade in the battles of Resaca and New Hope Church. His loss is deeply felt and deplored throughout the division. Lieutenant-Colonel Randall, One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers, a brave and excellent officer, was killed while fighting gallantly in command of his regiment.

Casualties in the battle of Peach Tree Creek, Ga.

 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing	 Aggregate

Commissioned officers	 4	 24	 9

Enlisted men	 78	 205	 156	 439

Total	 82	 229	 165	 476

Four hundred and nine of the enemy's dead were buried by fatigue parties from my division in my front, and I had information, deemed reliable, that about 200 were carried back and buried by them from the same portion of the field. From these statements, and from the terrible punishment inflicted upon the enemy, crowded together in dense masses, I can safely estimate their losses in my front at the least at 2,500 men. July 21, early this morning my skirmishers were advanced about 400 yards, and found the enemy's pickets beyond. The day passed quietly, my details being occupied in burying my own and the enemy's dead. July 22, at 5 a.m. I advanced my skirmishers and found that the enemy had withdrawn. A general advance of the corps being ordered at 6 a.m., I moved with my division through the woods across a very rough, broken country in the direction of Atlanta, my Second and Third Brigades moving in parallel columns, First Brigade following. After marching about one mile we crossed the fortifications evacuated by the enemy the night previous. These works were very strong, and were the outer line of the defenses of Atlanta. Turning here to the

