
right in a few minutes I reached the broad road running from Howell's Mill to Atlanta. On this road the Fourteenth Corps and General Williams' division were advancing. With my Third and First Brigades I followed until near its junction with the Marietta road, where my skirmishers (connected on their right with those of General Williams' division) engaged the enemy's pickets, driving them into the main fortification of Atlanta. My Second Brigade, which had moved through the woods nearly a mile farther to the left, joined me at this point. The enemy opened upon us with artillery from a fort in our front on Marietta street. AT 10 a.m., by direction of the major-general commanding corps, I took position on a cleared ridge half a mile east of Howell's Mill road, and deployed my entire division, excepting two regiments, in front line, facing south and confronting the forts on Marietta street, about 1,000 yards distant. Ward's division connected with my left, and Williams' with my right. Here within two hours my troops erected strong breast-works, and my artillery took position on commanding points in the line. My skirmishers advanced close to the enemy's fortifications, and there constructed outpost defenses. From my location here to the center of Atlanta was two miles. Sharp skirmishing and artillery dueling continued during the day and late into the night, shells from our guns being thrown far into the city. At 7 p.m. the enemy made a strong dash on our pickets, but were quickly driven back. My intrenchments were completed during the afternoon and abatis constructed along my front. July 23, artillery dueling and skirmishing continued. At noon the enemy made another unsuccessful attempt to drive back my pickets; continued to strengthen my intrenchments and abatis. July 24, my command was employed constructing an advanced parallel about 600 yards in front of the first line. At 9 p.m., in pursuance of orders from major-general commanding department, a strong demonstration was made by Williams' division, arousing the enemy along our entire front and eliciting from them a sharp fire. My troops, keeping well under cover, suffered very few casualties. July 26, my new line of works, elaborately and strongly constructed, was finished and occupied by my troops at night. This parallel shortened the line of the corps so much that Ward's division was entirely relieved by a portion of mine, and the fortifications of the corps were occupied by the First and Second Divisions, the Third withdrawing behind our center in reserve. July 27, at 6 a.m., in pursuance of orders transmitted from Major-General Sherman, I sent out front my division 200 men under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Walker, One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, to make a demonstration against the enemy. This force drove in the pickets and established our outposts where those of the enemy had been. The Army of the Tennessee passed my rear all day, moving from the left to the right of the army. The order relieving, at his own request, Major-General Hooker from command of the corps was received to-day and caused expressions of profound regret throughout the command. Brigadier-General Williams was, by the same order, assigned to temporary command of the corps. July 28, the forenoon passed in comparative quiet, the enemy throwing occasional 64-pound shells, of the James projectile pattern, in our direction from heavy guns recently mounted in a fort near the railroad and close to Mrs. Ponder's house. About 1 p.m. the sounds of heavy battle came from the direction of the Army of the Ten-

