
nessee, several miles distant to our right, and lasted until 3 p.m., at which time the enemy opened heavily on my own lines with artillery, continuing their fire until dark, but causing very few casualties among our troops. July 29, in pursuance of orders, my pickets felt of the enemy frequently during the night, and again strongly at daylight, but discovered no sings of their giving way; considerable artillery, firing from both sides along my front to-day. By orders of the brigadier-general commanding corps, I sent out the Sixtieth New York Volunteers, under Colonel Godard, in the forenoon to make a strong demonstration on the enemy's line. The duty was performed in fine style, driving in their pickets with the loss on our side of but 1 man slightly wounded. July 30 and 31, nothing of interest to record.

August 1 and 2, picket-firing, throughout the day, which became heavy at night; artillery firing on both sides, sharp firing at intervals throughout. August 3, at 5 p.m. the pickets made a demonstration in their front, exciting a lively artilery fire from the rebel works, our artillery replying occasionally. August 4, received orders to have the whole command vigilant at its post. At 1 p.m. the sound of heavy fighting was heard on the extreme right, which ceased shortly after 3 p.m.; all remaining quiet until about 8.30 p.m., when heavy artillery and musketry firing was again heard from the same direction. The firing lasted only about twenty minutes, after which fitful firing occurred along the lines. August 5,6,7, and 8, usual picket and artillery firing; 5 deserters came into my lines. August 9, a detail from the command was engaged in constructing six embrasures for siege artillery in the works of the One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers, on my left. By order of General Sherman all the artillery opened upon the city, firing about fifty rounds per gun. The enemy responded feebly in my front, firing from but one fort. The enemy could be seen constructing bomb-proofs in their works; 3 deserters came in. August 10, the embrasures were finished and three 4 1/2-inch guns were placed in position, opening fire upon Atlanta at 4 p.m., which was maintained throughout the night; 2 deserters came in. August 11 and 12, ordinary firing from pickets and artillery. August 13, by order of Major-General Sherman, all the artillery bearing upon the city was directed to open and continue a regular fire upon it during the afternoon and night. About 11 p.m. a large fire broke out in the center of the city; bells and cries of "fire" were plainly audible. The fire became larger and continued until daylight. August 14, artillery still playing at intervals upon the city. Deserters coming into my lines agree in representing great dissatisfaction existing in Hood's army. Shortly after dark another large fire broke out in the city, lasting about three hours. August 15 and 16, picket and artillery firing as usual. Verbal orders received to withdraw my command from the works on the night of the 18th and move quietly and quickly to Pace's Ferry, on the Chattahoochee, there to hold the bridge and guard the approaches to the railroad. August 17, received written orders suspending the proposed movement until further notice. August 18, at 4 a.m. the enemy opened heavily with artillery along his entire line, inflicting but little damage; batteries on our line promptly and actively replied. The cannonade lasted heavily until 7 a.m. August 19, at 4 a.m. the artillery along our entire line opened furiously upon the enemy, firing twelve rounds per gun. August 20,21,22, and 23, ordinary firing of pickets

