
and artillery. August 24, the movement previously ordered, and which had been suspended on the 17th, was again ordered, and all the trains of the command crossed the Chattahoochee. August 25, at 7 a.m. received orders from corps headquarters directing me to withdraw during the night to Pace's Ferry, the hour of withdrawal to be designated at a later period of the day. At daylight sent one regiment and the pioneer corps from each brigade to Pace's Ferry to construct defensive works on the east side of the river. At 8 o'clock I proceeded in person to the ferry, superintended laying out tetes-de-pont and surveying grounds in vicinity with special reference to forming a line of works. At 4 o'clock in the afternoon, in consulation with General Williams, decided upon the details for the movements during the night-the troops to withdraw at 9 o'clock to the second ridge in rear of the works, and there await the movement of the Fourth Corps past my rear; the command to move to its position on the river as soon as the Fourth Corps had passed, Bundy's battery to accompany my division, the pickets to remain until the movement was completed, and then to follow the main body to the river. At 9 p.m. my troops withdrew from the works and massed at the point indicated. The Fourth Corps was to have moved at 9 p.m., but from some cause unknown to me failed to do so. By midnight only two brigades of the Fourth Corps had passed my position. I decided not to await the passage of the remainder of the corps, as to do this would delay me until after daylight, and the road being clear I moved my division out (without interrupting in the slightest degree the march of the Fourth Corps_ to the main road, over a new one through the woods which I had cut during the day, and moved rapidly on and reached Pace's Ferry about 4 a.m. on the morning of the 26th. The command was immediately posted-Third Brigade on the left, extending across the Buck Head road, covering the bridge at the ferry; the Second Brigade in the center, joining the Third; the First Brigade on the right, joining the Second, and connecting with Williams' division on the north side of Peach Tree Creek; Bundy's battery placed in the works of the Third Brigade. My pickets from the works before Atlanta joined my command at 6 a.m. The withdrawal from my works before the city, and the march of nine miles to the ferry, were all accomplished without the loss of a man or of any material.

Casualties in front of Atlanta from July 23 to August 25.

 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing	 Aggregate

Commissioned officers	 1	 3	 -	 4

Enlisted men	 14	 108	 4	 126

Total	 15	 111	 4	 130

About noon the enemy's cavalry appeared in my front and slight skirmishing commenced between them and my pickets. At 3 o'clock a body of cavalry, dismounted, charged upon the picket-line, but were driven back with a loss of 8 killed (left on the field), some 25 wounded, and 3 prisoners, with no casualties in my command. Skirmishing continued throughout the afternoon. The artillery firing a few shells into the cavalry caused them to disperse rapidly. The enemy was busily engaged in feeling my lines. At 8 p.m. Colonel Minty, commanding a brigade in General Garrard's cavalry division, reported to me that the Seventh Pennsylvania Cav-

