
learned that Ferguson's rebel cavalry brigade, which had been encamped there, had moved a few hours previously toward Atlanta. The bridge over Peach Tree Creek at this place had been destroyed. Little delay, however, was experienced the infantry crossing on a large log, the cavalry, preceded his infantry and entered the outskirts of the city, where he met Colonel Coburn, commanding the reconnaissance of the Third Division, who had also preceded his troops. Discovering that, with the exception of Ferguson's brigade, there were no troops in the city, it was agreed that their commands should enter at the same time, which was done, the enemy's cavalry retiring before them. Lieutenant-Colonel Walker's command was the first to reach the City Hall, upon which the colors of the Sixtieth New York and One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers were immediately hoisted. To these two regiments, representing my division, belongs the immortal honor of placing upon the rebel stronghold the First Union flags, and to give the first practical announcement that the long campaign had ended in glorious victory-that the Gate City of the South was ours. Receiving the intelligence of the evacuation of the city, I immediately ordered forward the Second and Third Brigades and Bundy's battery, preceding them in person, thus leaving the entire line of works at the ferry to be held by the First Brigade, under command of Colonel Ario Pardee. The troops arrived during the evening and were massed on McDonough and White Hall streets. September 3, early in the morning my two brigades were placed in position in the fortifications, the Third Brigade in southwestern portion of the line from the East Point railroad to the McDonough road, the Second Brigade on the left of the McDonough road and south of the city. September 4, the First Brigade being ordered from the Chattahoochee, arrived in the city at 3 o'clock and was placed in position in the works on the right of the Third Brigade, west of the city. The Second Brigade was relieved toward evening by the Third Brigade, Third Division, and moved to the right of the McDonough road, the line of the Third Brigade, having been shortened. The One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers was to-day detached for provost duty, and reported to Colonel Cogswell, commanding post. Orders were received from Major-General Sherman announcing the accomplishment by the army of its undertaking in the complete reduction and occupation of Atlanta, and indicating that the spring campaign was closed. The casualties in the battles and intervening marches described in the preceding report amount to an aggregate as follows:

 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing	 Aggregate

Commissioned officers	 16	 97	 10	 123

Enlisted men	 315	 1,826	 263	 2,404

Total	 331	 1,923	 273	 2,527

The loss of field officers during the campaign has been unusually heavy. All the regiments save three and all the brigades changed commanders at least once during the campaign. These frequent changes have caused great difficulty in procuring the proper reports, and in consequence prevented me from submitting my report at an earlier period. In addition to these losses, I have since the

