
close of the campaign been deprived of the services of a gallant officer and efficient brigade commander by the death from disease, on the 10th instant, of Colonel Davis Ireland, One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, and captain in the Fifteenth U. S. Infantry. Colonel Ireland had commanded the Third Brigade of my division for upward of ten months, and greatly distinguished himself by his gallantry in all the engagements in which his command has participated. In his death I lose a valued personal friend, the country one of its noblest defenders. My staff suffered severely, Captain Elliott, my assistant adjutant-general and Captain Wheeler, chief of artillery, having been killed; Captain Voale, assistant commissary of musters, severely, and Captain Wilbur, aide-de-camp, slightly, wounded, and Captain Davis, aide-de-camp, captured. I cannot close this report without special reference to the officers composing my personal and departmental staff. To Captain William T. Forbes, for a time acting assistant inspector-general, and acting assistant adjutant-general after the death of the lamented Elliott; Captain R. H. Wilbur, aide-de-camp, and assistant commissary of musters after the brave Captain Veale was wounded; Captain William H. Lambert, aide-de-camp, and acting assistant inspector-general after the promotion of Captain Forbes, and to Captain J. J. Cantine and Lieutenants Sherwood and Armor, I tender my warmest and special thanks for the hearty accord and energetic support they at all times gave to every movement that seemed to be for the interest and success of our cause. To Captain Ira B. Seymour, provost-marshal, Captain Schilling, topographical engineer, and Lieutenant Chapman, chief of ambulance, I return my thanks for their faithfulness and readiness to perform their respective duties, no matter what was to be done, or what risk to be encountered. Captain Parker, assistant quartermaster, Captain Gillette, commissary of subsistence, and Captain Wilson, ordnance officer, are deserving of the highest commendation for the successful manner in which their several departments were conducted. To my surgeon in chief, H. E. Goodman, myself and my entire command are under the deepest obligations for the manner in which, under his own personal supervision, the sick and wounded of my division have been attended.

Thus triumphantly has ended this campaign, unequaled in the present was for glorious victory over almost insurmountable difficulties, and unsurpassed in modern history. Thus has ended a campaign which shall stand forever a monument of the valor, the endurance, the patriotism of the American soldier. Four months of hard, constant labor under the hot sun of a southern summer; four months, scarce a day of which has been passed out of the sound of the crash of musketry and the roar of artillery; 200 miles traveled through a country in every mile of which nature and art seemed leagued for defense-mountains, rivers, lines of works; a campaign in which every march was a fight, in which battles follow in such quick succession are so intimately connected by a constant series of skirmishes that the whole campaign seems but one grand battle which, crowned with grander victory, attests the skill and patience of the hero who matured its plans and directed their execution.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, 20th Army Corps.

