
ADDENDA.

GENERAL ORDERS,] HDQRS. 2nd DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,

Mill Creek, Ga., May 9, 1864.

The general commanding division takes pleasure in announcing his appreciation of the gallant conduct of the troops of this command in their assault upon Rocky Face Ridge yesterday, in execution of peremptory orders to attempt to take the gap leading through it. The troops of the division, by their exhibition of valor in assaulting the almost impregnable position of the enemy, sustained its proud prestige. Night approaching, and the mountain offering no shelter for the troops, and our engagement of the enemy having diverted his attention from General McPherson's advance and enabled him to pass through Snake [Creek] Gap south of us, you were withdrawn to encamp. You have accomplished an object of great bearing upon the success of the present movements. Officers will, without delay, get their commands in complete condition for further progress of the campaign, in prospect of which there exists the conviction in the minds of all that the soldiers of this division will, as heretofore, individualize it in deeds of prowess.

By command of Brigadier General John W. Geary:

THOS. H. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 205.

Report of Surg. H. Earnest Goodman, U. S. Army, Surgeon in Chief.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Atlanta, Ga., September 22, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to forward the following report of operations of the medical department of Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, for the campaign beginning the 3rd day of May, at Chattanooga Valley, Tenn., and ending 3rd day of September, 1864;

Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, under command of Brigadier General John W. Geary (Alfred Ball, surgeon in chief), left Chattanooga Valley, Tenn., on the 3rd day of May, 1864, numbering, officers, 330; enlisted men, 6,713; total, 7,043. The command was in excellent condition, well equipped, with no prevailing disease except scurvy. The sick were left at Chattanooga to the amount of 250 cases, mostly of a scorbutus nature. Vegetables were issued freely during three weeks before starting, but none during the winter. Marched to Taylor's Ridge, Ga., engaged the enemy at Mill Creek Gap, May 8, and fought the battle of Mill Creek (or Dug) Gap. Condition of command: Exhausted by long marches, day and night; roads made heavy by rain. Strength of command: Two brigades-officers, 330; enlisted men, 4,363; only a part of which became engaged. Engagement lasted six hours. Made four charges up the ridge over large rocks and stones; enemy intrenched. Condition of supplies: Stimulants and surgical appliances in abundance, but only reached us two hours after engagement began; tents in the rear; dressings at first obtained from the numerous panniers. Field hospital established half a mile from foot of Taylor's Ridge and one mile from the enemy. Operations: Amputations (circular),11; resections, 7. Water excellent and very abundant food obtained from supply in ambulances; cattle captured and killed. Mode of re-

