
his left connecting with Geary. This was the position of the corps at 2 o'clock. Soon after Hascall's division, of the Twenty-third Corps, came up on the Powder Springs road, and as it was yet early an effort was made to push the right still farther forward on the last-named road, as it was thought some advantage would be gained by establishing ourselves on some high ground beyond. General Knipe threw forward a force on the road, and also skirmishers on the left, while Major-General Schofield a similar column from the twenty-third Corps on the right. Before advancing far they encountered the enemy in force, and in order to gain time to establish our lines and batteries the advanced troops were instructed to make a resolute defense, and only abandon their position when overcome by superior numbers. About 4.30 p. m. the enemy had deployed his lines and commenced throwing his masses forward with great violence on our right and center, which was madly persisted in until after sundown. As often as he made his assaults he was spiritedly repulsed, sometimes with his columns hopelessly broken and demoralized. Our artillery did splendid execution among them. At this hour I have no means of estimating his loss or my own. The enemy's must be severe; our inconsiderable for the number of men engaged and the heavy blow they have to the enemy. After his troops were routed it was my desire to pursue, but the smallness of my force available for the service would not justify the movements. The conduct of the troops throughout the day was sublime.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff.

ADDENDA.

Itinerary of the Twentieth Army Corps, May 3-September 8.*

The corps, heretofore stationed along the line of communications from Chattanooga to Nashville, was about May 3 concentrated (except the Fourth Division, which remained on the railroad) in the vicinity of Chattanooga, and has taken an active part in the campaign of the Army of the Cumberland.

May 8.- The Second Division was engaged at Mill Creek, Gap, near dalton.

May 14.- The First Division engaged on the extreme left of the army, near Resaca.

May 15.- The whole corps engaged, assaulting the enemy's works on their extreme left at Resaca; captured the works and four pieces of artillery. During the night the enemy withdrew, burning the bridges.

May 16.- Pursuit commenced.

May 25.- came up with the enemy near Dallas. An attack was made, in which the whole corps was engaged.

May 26 to 31, inclusive.- Held a line in front of the enemy's works near dallas; skirmish firing constant and heavy, with many casualties.

---------------

* From monthly returns. Major General Joseph Hooker commanded the corps to July 27, 1864; Brigadier General Alpheus S. Williams to August 27, 1864, and Major General Henry W. Slocum the remainder of the campaign.

---------------

