
tered. Field hospital on Pumpkin Vine Creek, about half a mile from line of attack. Lines advanced about two miles late at night, and hospital was removed next day from Pumpkin Vine Creek to one and a half miles of battle line. Operations: Amputations (circular), 39; exsections, 19. Water good, but not in abundance. Food abundant. Wounded well fed and sheltered. Supplies obtained from department purveyor on field and Sanitary Commission at Kingston. Mode of removal of wounded: By stretchers and blankets to field medical officers; from there to hospital in ambulances. Character of fire: First day, musketry, artillery, continuous, and at 500 to 50 yards range, lasting nine hours. Made two continuous charges. For the other six days of battle, musketry continuous and desultory; artillery with grape and canister at intervals. Subsequent disposition of wounded: All slight cases were sent to Kingston in army wagons. Severe cases were removed in ambulances, under charge of Surgeon Kendall, One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers. No preparation was made at Kingston, and Assistant Surgeons Applegate, One hundred and second New York Volunteers, and Burbeck, Sixtieth New York Volunteers, remained there in charge of them. Those having mortal, wounds were transferred to the Fourth Corps hospital. Two days' ration were cooked for them before starting; the wounded fed while in transit; fed on march three times daily by attendants detailed for that purpose and ambulance helps. I was not aware of any deaths while in transmit, as mortal cases were left in the field. Anaesthetic: Chloroform in all cases; no bad results. Casualties: Wounded, 315; deaths, 18. Division commander's official report: Killed-officers, 3; enlisted men, 49. Wounded-officers, 17; enlisted men, 422. The discrepancies are probably owing to some of the wounded getting into other hospitals, and because slight cases remained on duty with their regiments. Many of these wounded were very severe. Twelve cases of penetrating wounds of abdomen and 11 deaths reported.

BATTLE OF PINE HILL, JUNE 15, 1864.

Condition of command: Worn out and exhausted by continual marching, building breast-works, and under one continuous fire from May 25. Roads heavy from rain for ten days. Battle begun 2 p.m.; continued six hours. Strength of command: Officers, 275; enlisted men, 4,752; total, 5,027; greater part engaged. Condition of supplies: Stimulants and surgical appliances rather scanty; difficult to obtain, because of the very bad roads and worn out mules. Tents at hand all up, and wounded all sheltered. One continual rain after this battle. No suffering for want of appliances, but not as abundant as on other occasions. The scarcity was partly owing to one brigade supply of tents and medicines being detached, forming a corps hospital at Acworth. Field hospital about two miles from line of attack; water abundant; food plenty. More suffering among wounded because of the continual rain and being worn out by reason of previous hardship. Operations: Amputation and resection, number unknown. Mode of removal of wounded: On stretchers and blankets to field surgeons; from there to ambulances; brought to hospital during whole night. Character of fire: Musketry and artillery; continuous; range from 100 to 25 yards; enemy strongly intrenched; one continued charge; enemy's works rendered useless, but not carried; slaughter of Federals severe. Subsequent disposition of wounded: Wounded sent to Acworth in

