
3,751. Condition of supplies: Abundant. Tents on hand and up. Supplies obtained from medical purveyor, Sanitary Commission, and by purchase on hospital fund. Field hospital about two and a half miles from line of attack; so far in the rear because of the large number of sick on hand. One section of division hospital within half a mile from line of attack, and the greater number of severer cases were received in this hospital. Six operating tables were kept going in these two hospitals until 1 a. m. July 211. All operations performed before next day. Operations: Amputations (circular) 31; exsections, 6. Water and food abundant. Mode of removal of wounded; On stretchers an blankets by ambulance attendants and musicians. Character of fire: Enemy charged several times in very heavy force. Fire, musketry and artillery; artillery at long range; musketry from 500 to 25 yards. Duration of engagement; Five hours. Division had to change front several times; fire exceedingly severe. Subsequent disposition of wounded; Removed to department hospital, Vining's Station, a distance of three miles; food prepared before starting; medical an other attendants detailed from division hospital. Anesthetics: Chloroform in all cases; no bad results. Casualties; Wounded, 237; deaths, 15. Division commander's official report; Killed- officers, 4; enlisted men, 78. Wounded- officers, 24; enlisted men, 205. The difference in number wounded is owing to those in other commands being included in the report of division hospital. Total number of casualties for month of July, including Peach Tree Creek, in division hospital were; Wounded- officers, 24, enlisted men, 271. Deaths- officers, 4; enlisted men, 12. Sick- officers, 24; enlisted men, 379. Deaths, enlisted men, 1.

After the battle of Peach Tree Creek the command moved upon Atlanta and came again upon the enemy about one and a half miles from Atlanta, Ga., with very little skirmishing. The command intrenched and the siege or battle of Atlanta, Ga., began July 22 and ended 25th of August. As there was no regular battle I will give a resume of operations for whole mont or to the ending of the campaign, September 3, 1864. Condition of command: Much exhausted from marching, continual skirmishing, and building breast- works. Strength of command: Unknown- about 3,000 to 3,500. Condition of supplies for month of August; Abundant. Tents on hand. Field hospital three- quarters of a mile from line of attack, within shelling distance but out of range; placed in a ravine sheltered by hills. Water good and abundant. Food abundant; obtained from commissary and Sanitary Commission. Operations; obtained from commissary and Sanitary Commission. Operations; Amputations(circular), 4; resections, none. Mode of removal of wounded: By stretchers and ambulances. Character of the fire: Musketry and artillery at from 100 to 600 yards range; desultory. Firing continued for over one month, Sometimes artillery firing very sever, although very few accidents resulting. Command well protected by breast- works. No charges made. Subsequent disposition of wounded; Removed to Vining's Station and turned over to Surgeon Woodworth, U. S. Volunteers, in charge. The transfer was made from time to time by order of the medical director Twentieth Army Corps. Medical officers and attendants detailed from division. Anesthetics; Chloroform in all cases; no bad results. Casualties for mont of August during siege of Aslant; Wounded- officers, 1; enlisted men, 41. Deaths- enlisted men, 6. Division commander's official report: Killed- officers, 1; enlisted men, 14.

