
Wounded- officers, 3; enlisted men, 108. Cannot account for the discrepancy. Number taken sick and admitted to hospital, 434. Division commander's official report of campaign, beginning May 3 and ending September 3, 1864; Killed- officers, 16; enlisted men, 315. Wounded- officers, 97; enlisted men, 1,826, making a total loss, in killed and wounded, 2,254. Strength of command September 2, 1864- officers, 181; enlisted men, 2,662.

No account of sick has been taken in this report, as there is no record of them except for the months of July and August. At least 1,000 men were sent to the rear sick during the campaign, making a total loss of strength to command of over 3,254, 50 per cent. of the effective force. Scurvy has been the great cause of sickness, and from my observation at least two- thirds of all sick sickness, and from my observation at least two- thirds of all sick sent to the rear suffered from scorbutic affections. One hundred and fifty marked cases came into division hospital during months of July and August. Condition of command, fair. Number on sick report September 1, 387.

This report has many imperfections, owing to the want of the proper data, caused by the frequent changes of medical officers in charge of division.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. EARNEST GOODMAN,

Surgeon, U. S. Vols., Chief Second Div., 20th Army Corps.

Surg. JOHN W. FOYE, U. S. Volunteers,

Medical Director, Twentieth Corps.

No. 206.

Reports of Colonel Charles Candy, Sixty- sixth Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations May 2- August 1.

HADQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS.

Mill Creek Gap, Ga., May 11, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of this brigade, in compliance with instructions, dated headquarters, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, Mill Creek Gap, Ga., May 11, 1864.

Received marching orders on the night of May 2. May 3, marched from Bridgeport, Ala, to Shellmound; distance, six miles. May 4, marched from Shellmound to eastern foot of Lookout Mountain; distance,nineteen miles. may 5, marched from eastern foot of Lookout Mountain to Post Oak Church; distance, twenty miles. May 6, marched from Post Oak Church to Pea Vine Church; distance, five miles. May 7, marched from Pea Vine Church to Nuckles' house, Whitfield County, Ga., distance, twenty miles. May 8, broke camp at Nuckles' house about 9 a. m. and marched for this point (Mill Creek Gap), arriving about 2 p.m. was ordered to form line in rear of Second Brigade, and to support them in the taking of the gap. On arriving at the foot of Chattoogata Mountain(opposite Mill Creek Gap), the Seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteers was held in reserve by the general commanding division, the Twenty- ninth Ohio Volunteers, with the Twenty- eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, was ordered forward to assist the Second Brigade in the assault on the gap; the Fifth and Sixty- sixth Ohio Volunteers, with the One hundred and forty- seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, was held as a support to the artillery and to prevent any flank or rear attack of

