
the enemy on it. The orders given to the Twenty- ninth Ohio and Twenty- eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers were to take the gap, and on reaching the summit to halt. The regiments went at the work bravely, and ascended the mountain to within thirty yards of its summit, but to arriving at that point found it so naturally defended, in addition to obstructions placed by the enemy, as t be an impossibility to proceed any farther. They held their ground bravely, losing heavily in both officers and men (recapitulation of casualties is herewith annexed), until recalled by the general, it being nearly dark. Before being recalled the Fifth, Seventh, and Sixty- sixth Ohio Volunteers were ordered to form in rear of the advance to protect the withdrawal of the advance regiments, with ordered, as soon as all had passed, for them to fall back slowly and prevent the enemy from following. The assault of the Twenty- ninth Ohio and Twenty- eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers on the gap, led by their gallant officers, was spirited and with a determination to take it, if possible, but from its natural defenses it was found impossible. Both regiments lost heavily in officers and men, especially the Twenty- ninth Ohio. The gallantry and bravery of Colonel William T. Fitch, Lieutenant Colonel Edward Hayes, and Adjt. James Fitzpatrick, Twenty- eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, cannot be passed over without especial mention. They all received severe wounds while leading their gallant and brave men forward. In addition to the foregoing, thanks are due to the commander of the Twenty- eight Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel John Flynn, and to his officers for the prompt manner all orders were executed, and for the spirited manner his regiment was handled. In addition to the foregoing I take pleasure in thanking the officers of my staff for these efficient aid rendered during the assault. The medical department nobly preformed their duties in the care of the wounded,rendering every assistance in their power. Herewith you will find inclosed the official reports of the regimental commanders.

I am, captain, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

CHAS. CANDY,

Colonel Sixty- sixth Ohio Vols., Commanding Brigade.

Captain THOMAS H. ELLIOTT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Twentieth Corps.

[Inclosure.]

Report of casualties in the battle of Mill Creek Gap. Ga., May 8, 1864.

Casualties.

Killed. Severely wounded.

Regiments.	 Officers	 Men.	 Offices.	 Men.

5th Ohio Volunteers	 .....	 .....	 ....	 ...

29th Ohio Volunteers	 1	 19	 4	 49

28th Pennsylvania	 ...	 3	 1	 27

Volunteers

Total	 1	 22	 5	 76

Slightly wounded. Missing.

Regiments.	 Officer	 Men.	 Office	 Men.	 Aggreg

 s.	 	 rs.	 	 ate.

5th Ohio Volunteers	 ...	 1	 ...	 4	 5

29th Ohio Volunteers	 1	 21	 ...	 2	 97

28th Pennsylvania	 ....	 11	 ...	 1	 43

Volunteers

Total	 1	 33	 ...	 7	 145

CHAS. CANDY,

Colonel Sixty- sixth Ohio Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

