HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,Near Cassville, Ga., May 22, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions, I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements, &amp;c., of this brigade since May 8, 1864.

On the night of the 9th instant, about 9 p. m., received instructions to form the brigade on the rising ground and build intrenchments, which was done, occupying the entire night. Remained in that position until the 12th instant. May 12, marched from Mill Creek Gap, Ga., to east end of Snake Creek Gap, distance about ten miles. May 13, marched from east end of Snake Creek Gap (about six miles) toward Resaca; massed as a reserve; about 5 p. m. ordered to form the brigade in two lines on right side of the Dalton and Calhoun road, and at right angles to it, and throw up intrenchments, which was done. May 14, 4.30 p. m., ordered to the support of a division of the Fourth Corps; took a position on the left of the Firs Division, Twentieth Army Corps, and extreme left of the army. May 15, moved with the remainder of the division about 10 a. m. a short distance and massed in column of battalions in rear of Second and Third Brigades, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps. Several of the regiments of this brigade were ordered to different points. Your attention is especially called to reports of regimental commanders, particularly the Fifth Ohio Volunteers. May 16, marched to McClure's Ford, n the Coosawattee River, crossed and encamped on the south side. May 17, marched to forks off Calhoun and Adairsville road. May 18, marched to the foot of the Gravelly Plateau, four miles south of Calhoun. May 19, marched at 6 a. m. on main road toward Cassvile, Ga., about one mile. Took a blind road to the right leading toward Kingston, on the left of the Fourth Army Corps and on the right of the Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps; arrived at the road leading to Cassville; moved toward Cassville, and massed on the left of Fourth Corps and right of Third Division, Twentieth Corps, where we still remain, within a mile of Cassville, Ga.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. CANDY,

Colonel Sixty- sixth Ohio Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain THOMAS H. ELLIOTT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Twentieth Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,Camp near Atlanta, Ga., August 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions, I have the honor to report the part taken by this brigade during that part of the campaign since my last official report of the 28th of May, 1864, dated near Dallas, Ga., to August 1, 1864. May 23, marched to south side of the Etowah River and encamped. May 24, marched to Burnt Hickory, Ga., and encamped. May 25, marched at 6 a. m., this brigade in advance of division, and moved to Pumpkin Vine Creek, where the advance met the enemy's cavalry pickets. Skirmishers wee thrown across the stream (the Seventh Ohio performing this duty), when we

