
advanced about three miles, where we met the advance of the enemy in force, composed of infantry and cavalry. The brigade was formed in line of battle. The Twenty- eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers was ordered to advance as skirmishers to assist the Seventh Ohio, who were warmly engaged with the enemy, and who were making a stubborn resistance. After the Twenty- eighth Pennsylvania Volunteer skirmishers were in position the order was given to move forward cautiously and press the enemy to develop his force. The enemy's skirmishers were compelled to fall back to their main line, one and a half miles. Prisoners arriving, information was received that General Hood's entire corps was in my front. This fact was immediately reported to the general commanding division. The enemy advanced and poured a heavy and galling fie in the entire line. It fell most heavily on the Fifth Ohio Volunteers, who lost 7 killed and 51 wounded. The regiment wavered, but immediately recovered from the shock, and held its position gallantly. Great credit is due the officers and men for their steady nerve during this trying hour. In the mean time temporary protection was thrown up. We remained in this position until about 5 p. m., when the other decisions (First and Third) arriving, the corps was forced in column by brigade and ordered to charge, the First Division in advance, followed by the Third, and the Third by the Second. This brigade was in rear of the division. After moving forward the enemy was found behind intrenchments with artillery. We took position within very short distance of the enemy and threw up intrenchments (the night being very dark and rainy). During this last advance the Fifth Ohio Volunteers, lost its gallant commander, Colonel John H. Patrick, who fell mortally wounded from grape- shot. When the brigade met the enemy first after crossing the creek (Pumpkin Vine), Lieutenant Joseph W. Hitt, Sixty- sixth Ohio Volunteers, acting as aide- de- camp on my staff, was killed while carrying orders to the right of my line. Lieutenant Hitt was beloved by all. Although young in years (being but nineteen) he was a gallant and brave officer. Remained in this position until June 1, 1864, skirmishing heavily day and night. Attention is particularly called to reports of regimental commanders of operations, on the 25th of May especially.

June 1, was relieved by a division of the Fifteenth Corps, and moved to the left and bivouacked for the night in rear of Twenty- third Corps. June 2, moved forward in support of Twenty- third Corps on a road running toward Acworth, and remained in position, June 6, marched to the Acworth and Big Shanty cross- roads; went into camp, throwing up intrenchments. June 14, marched to near Pine Hill; massed in rear of Third Brigade of this division. June 15, the enemy having fallen back some distance and evacuated his position of Pine Hill, this brigade was ordered forward on a reconnaissance to ascertain where the enemy was; advanced about a mile; encountered the enemy's pickets; compelled them to fall back a short distance. The brigade was formed in line of battle to await the remainder of the division. At 5 p. m. the brigade was formed in two lines- Twenty-eighth Pensylvania and Twenty- ninth Ohio Volunteers in first line, the Fifth and Sixty- sixth Ohio Volunteers in the second line; the one hundred and forty- seventh pennsylvania Volunteers was on the right and in front of the other brigades; it was relieved at this time, but did not come up immediately. The order was received to charge the enemy's works. Their skirmishers were driven in precipitately. Their works were found to be

