
very strong and garrisoned with infantry and artillery. Not being in sufficient force, their works could not be carried. My first line (consisting of the Twenty- eighth Pennsylvania and Twenty- ninth Ohio Volunteers) succeeded in getting within thirty yards of their works and maintained their position, the enemy being unable to dislodge them. The remainder of the brigade(Fifth and Sixty- sixth Ohio and One hundred and forty- seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers) immediately threw up breast- works under a galling fire from the enemy's sharpshooters. Many casualties occurred, but the position was maintained. During the night temporary works were thrown up and the enemy was harassed constantly from the fire of our sharpshooters, who kept the enemy from working their artillery to a considerable extent. Remained in this position until 2 a. m. of the morning of June 17, when it was discovered that the enemy had abandoned his works and left our immediate front. Their works were occupied by the advance regiments and skirmishers thrown rapidly forward, capturing a few of their rear guard. Information was immediately sent to the general commanding division, and everything prepared to follow the enemy. Moved forward 4th about 10 a. m. 17th instant two miles and held as a reserve for the remainder of the division. June 19, the enemy had fallen back during the night about one and a half miles and taken up anew position; formed line on the left of the Third Brigade of this division and threw up intrenchments; nothing but heavy skirmishing along the line of this brigade. Relieved by a brigade of the Fourth Corps on the evening of June 20; moved to the right of Third Division, Twentieth Corps. June 21, joined by the remainder of the division, left of brigade joining Third Division,, Twentieth Corps, threw up intrenchments. June 22, two regiments were thrown forward to take position on a range of hills in our immediate front, on which were posted the enemy's skirmishers; drove them off, and the rest of the brigade moved forward to occupy the hill and intrench, which was done. June 27, the brigade was ordered to form as a reserve to the Second and Third Brigades to take and occupy a piece of woods immediately in our front and protect the right flank of the Fourth Corps, who were about to assault a position in its immediate front, and intrench ourselves if successful. We were successful, and remained in this position until June 29, when the division was relieved by a division of the Fourteenth Corps and moved to the right to relieve a division of the Twenty- third Corps on the right of the Powder Springs and Marietta road, which was accomplished by daylight of the 30th of June. July 3, it was discovered that the enemy had left our front; soon with enemy fell back three or four miles, where he was found intrenched and intrenching. The division was formed in line, this brigade in reserve. July 4, received orders to be ready to occupy the lines vacated by the First Division, Twentieth Corps, immediately on the left of our Second Division. July 5, the enemy it was discovered had fallen back again. This brigade, with the Second and Third, immediately followed them in the direction of Turner's Ferry, Chattahoochee River, where they were found occupying a ridge on the north side of the river above mentioned and strongly intrenched; went into camp for the night. July 6, moved about three miles to our position of the 5th instant and bivouacked for

