
the night. July 7, moved to the right of the Third Division, Twentieth Corps; took position, right of brigade resting on Nickajack Creek and connecting with Fifteenth Corps, left of brigade connecting with the Third Brigade of this division. Remained in this position until July 17. Broke camp and marched across the Chattahoochee River, and bivouacked for the night near Johnson's house. July 18, marched to near the forks of the Atlanta and Buck Head roads and formed line of battle on south side of Buck Head and Pace's Ferry road and parallel to it; threw up intrenchments and remained in position for the night. July 19, moved forward and crossed Peach Tree Creek; was again formed in line of battle and threw up intrenchments on right of Second Brigade of this division, my right resting on Peach Tree Creek. July 20, moved forward about half a mile to a hill in front of Third Brigade of this division, from which the enemy's skirmishers had just been driven. The brigade was formed in two lines of battle, the first line, One hundred and forty- seventh Pennsylvania, with the Fifth Ohio Volunteers on their right and well refused, to the rear to protect my flank; second line, Twenty- ninth Ohio, with the Twenty- eighth having a great portion of their regiment on the skirmish line, was held as a reserve. The front line received orders to throw up temporary breast- works, which was done. About 1 p. m. received orders from the general commanding division in person to deploy protection against infantry along the ridge, and that the First Division, Twentieth Corps, would connect with my right, as they had received orders to do so immediately. These orders were carried into effect by me, but the First Division did not join my right, as was discovered afterward, nor did they afford any protection to my line, thus leaving my flank and rear of this brigade was enveloped by the enemy in solid column, pouring their murderous fire in the rear of Twenty- eighth Pennsylvania, and Twenty- ninth Ohio Volunteers were compelled to fall back. The Fifth Ohio and One hundred and forty- seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers held their ground nobly, their men falling rapidly, especially the Fifth Ohio, who were most exposed. Enveloped on three sides, it required desperate fighting to hold the ground, and if the artillery had not rendered the assistance it did the entire brigade would have been compelled to fall back and change front. The Second and Third Brigades coming to the rescue, we were soon enabled to breathe freer and maintain our ground, and punish the enemy for his audacity, which was done with great slaughter. Great credit is due Lieutenant Bundy, Thirteenth New York Battery, and his brave men, for maintaining the position and rendering such noble assistance with their guns, especially the two pieces on his right, which were changed to the right, and delivered with such telling effect, grape and canister that the enemy was compelled to halt and change his course. The enemy was driven back and the position was maintained. I cannot close this day's report without returning my sincere thanks to both officers and men for their gallant defense of the position, and their country may well be proud of them in sustaining their ground against such odds. Among the regimental commanders I must thank Colonel Ario

