
Pardee. jr., commanding One hundred and forty- seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, particularly, for services rendered that day and during those trying hours. Night coming on, the enemy retired, leaving many of his dead and wounded. The latter were removed under cover of the darkness by him. July 22, it was found that the enemy had fallen back from our immediate front. We moved forward to within one and a half miles of the city of Atlanta, formed line, when it was discovered that the enemy had taken up his petition in his main works around that city. We advanced and formed line of battle within one mile of the enemy's works and threw up a strong line of breast- works. July 25, advanced the works about 300 yards nearer the enemy, which works the brigade now hold. The enemy is now using and firing from his main line of rifle- pits.

Great credit is due both officers and men for the cheerful manner they have preformed the arduous duties, which this report covers, under an almost constant fire, either skirmishing or in line of battle, exposed to the inclemency of the weather and the almost unbearable heat of a southern climate. To the noble dead, their names will be handed down to posterity as heroes who sacrificed their lives for their country and flag, and to sustain one of the noblest Governments under the canopy of heave.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. CANDY,

Colonel Sixty- sixth Ohio Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain W. T. FORBES,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Division, 20th Army Corps.

No 207.

Report of Colonel Ario Pardee, jr., One hundred and forty- seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations August 4- September 8.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 20TH CORPS,Atlanta, Ga., September 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: *

In accordance with orders from the general commanding division, I assumed command of this brigade on the 4th day of August, 1864, and it is but just to state that the preceding portion of this report is taken verbatim from the official reports of Colonel Charles Candy, commanding brigade, now on file at these headquarters. August 5, nothing of any moment transpired, except that the picket firing in our front was heavier than usual, owing to a demonstrate made by the pickets of the First Division, Twentieth Army Corps. August 6, with the exception of a demonstration of the artillery of the corps, the day passed in comparative quiet. August 7 and 8, the usual quiet prevailed. August 9, a demonstration by the artilery was again made to cover an attack to be made by the Fourteenth nd Twenty- third Corps on the extreme right. The enemy as usual did not reply. Until the 18th, when the enemy opened with their batteries on the line of the division at 3 a. m., all had been comparatively quiet. Although the time of the enemy's demonsta-

---------------

*For portion here omitted see Candy's reports, ante.

---------------

