
June 1.- Relieved from the position the corps assumed in front of the enemy's works near Dallas; moved to the left in the direction of Acworth about five miles, taking again a position in the general line.

June 6.- Crossed Allatoona Creek and took position in front of enemy's works near Pine Hill.

June 15.- Pine Hill evacuated by enemy; engaged the enemy near Lost Mountain; gained position near their intrenchments.

June 17.- Enemy evacuated works in our front, falling back to a line between Mud Creek and Noyes' Creek; corps advanced and again assumed position in front of them.

June 19.- Enemy evacuated the works in our front, falling back to a line on the east side of Noyes' Creek; corps again advanced and took position on their front.

June 22.- Corps advanced, driving in the enemy's outposts, the First Division moving to the right. A heavy attack was made on it by the enemy, which was repulsed with slight loss to us; enemy retreated to their intrenchments, the corps taking up a position in front of them.

At the end of the month position remained unchanged. During the whole month skirmishing with the enemy has been constant and heavy, with many casualties. Total number of casualties during the month, 1,544.

July 1.- Corps still in position in front of the enemy near Kolb's farm.

July 3.- Enemy evacuated their works; corps advanced through Marietta, the Third Division having a slight engagement with enemy's rear guard (cavalry and artillery) near Marietta; the Second Division also skirmishing; assumed position in front of enemy's works about six miles south of Marietta.

July 5.- Enemy evacuated their works; the corps again advanced; took position in front of enemy, who were in their works on the north side of Chattahoochee River.

July 9.- Enemy withdrew across the river.

July 17.- Corps crossed Chattahoochee River.

July 18 and 19.- Advancing toward Atlanta, skirmishing with enemy.

July 19.- The Second Division crossed Peach Tree Creek.

July 20.- Balance of corps crossed; battle of peach Tree Creek.

July 22.- Enemy evacuated works in our front, retiring to the fortifications about Atlanta; the corps following, took up position on their front.

July 31.- Position remains uncharged.

Casualties for the month, 2,007.

By general order from headquarters Department of the Cumberland the artillery of the corps was, on July 27, and detached from the divisions and organized into an artillery brigade, under the command of Major Reynolds, First New York Artillery.

The whole corps in the trenches in front of Atlanta, Ga., occupying two and three-quarters miles of the line until the 25th [August].

August 25.- The corp was moved back to the Chattahoochee River to hold the crossing-places and guard the railroad communications while the balance of the army operated south of Atlanta.

August 26 and 27.- Skirmished with the enemy, who advanced to feel our position.

August 28 and 31, inclusive.- Skirmishing occasioned by daily reconnaissance sent from our position toward the city.

