
pany of forty- five man as skirmishers, and remained there during the night. On the following morning(15th) moved out on the road leading south from Dalton. At about 10 a. m. were thrown forward with the division to the crest of one of a range of hills, where the enemy was found in large numbers. Brisk firing began about 11 a. m. with musketry and artillery, the enemy retiring rapidly, followed closely by our troops. When the enemy had been driven within his intrenchments the Fifth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, with the brigade, was massed on a side hill, within range of the enemy's musketry, in rear of Second Brigade, Second Division, and portions of the Third Division. We remained in this position until 9 p. m., sustaining a loss of 3 killed and 12 wounded. The regiment did not become engaged, although one company was sent out as sharpshooters. At 9 p. m. an order was received from General Geary for the Fifth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry to move out some distance in front of our line of fortifications to support a detachment of troops under Colonel Cobham, Third Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps. Instead of acting as support as ordered the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry was sent under Lieutenant Colonel Kilpatrick, at the request of Colonel Cobham, to relieve the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, who occupied the front line on the crest of a hill about twenty- five yards from a rebel fort containing four guns, which Colonel Cobham had been ordered to secure. (For details see special report.) On the morning of the 16th moved out with the division in pursuit of the retreating enemy, advancing cautiously during the entire day, crossing the Coosawattee River at McClure's Ford, and encamped for the night, miles, encamping on Curtis' plantation, three miles south of Calhoun. Started again on the following morning (18th) and marched about eighteen miles, encamping on a large plantation upon the same ground that the rebel army encamped upon the night previous. Resumed our march at daylight on the morning of the 19th, and moved out upon the main road leading to Atlanta. After having marched about one mole the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry was ordered by General Geary to move to the front, where they were deployed as skirmishers, followed by the brigade. We advanced in line as skirmishers some six miles, the right of the line connecting with the Fourth Army Corps and the left of the line with Third Division. At 3 p. m. the regimen assembled with the brigade near Cassville, Ga., and after a short rest was moved forward about one mile to the right of the line occupied by Third Division, who were engaging the enemy. We were formed in line of battle and moved forward to the edge of the woods in our front, skirmishing going on between the enemy and the Twenty- ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, who occupied the front line. Darkness coming on prevented us moving farther, and the regiment remained in line during the night. The enemy decamped during the night, and the Fifth Regiment, with the brigade, went into camp for the purpose of cleaning up and resting.

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

JOHN H. PATRICK,

Colonel Fifth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry.

Captain HOMAS H. ELLIOTT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Div., Twentieth Army Corps.

