HEADQUARTERS FIFTH OHIO VOLUNTEERS,May 20, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report in reference to the capture of four brass cannon on the night of May 15, 1864:

Captain Lambert gave me a verbal order to report to a detachment of troops with my regiment in our front, under command of Colonel Cobham. I stated that I would take command of the troops, being senior officer. He said that he would have to report to General Geary first. He returned and told me that I would not receive orders from Colonel Cobham, but would form a line in his rear to support him, if necessary. I proceeded to the ground designated by Captain Lambert. In about half an hour Colonel Cobham came and asked me to go to the front line. I sent the regiment in charge of Lieutenant- Colonel Kilpatrick, and remained in my position. (See Lieutenant- Colonel Kilpatrick's and Captain Shirer's reports, inclosed.*)

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JOHN H. PATRICK,

Colonel Fifth Ohio Veteran Volunteers.

Captain T. H. ELLIOTT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Div., Twentieth Army Corps.

No 209.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Robert L. Kilpatrick, Fifth Ohio Infantry, of operations May 8- June 9.
HDQRS. FIFTH OHIO VETERAN VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Mill Creek, Ga., May 11, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with circular from headquarters First Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, calling for report of part taken by the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the action of the 8th, I beg leave to submit the following:

On arriving at Mill Creek, Ga., the Fifth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry was ordered to support a piece f artillery of McGill's battery on the road running east, remaining perhaps an hour, when ordered in conjunction with Sixty- sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry and One hundred and forty- seventh Pennsylvania, to support two batteries at the base of Rocky Face Ridge. At 4.30 p. m. the regiment was ordered to proceed up the mountain and relieve the Sixty- sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. By order of Colonel Candy the knapsacks of the men were let under guard at the base of t emountain, and the regiment ascended the mountain. On our way up the mountain, an order was received from Colonel Candy, through Lieutenant Hedges, of the pioneer corps, that the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry would relieve the Twenty- ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, who were engaged with the enemy near the crest of the mountain. General Geary gave orders to the commanding officer of the regimen to instruct Colonel Candy that the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry should be placed in position to cover the retreat down the mountain, which would take place after dark. Orders were then received from Colonel Candy to place the regiment in position in line on a ridge on the right of the road, with Company A deployed as

---------------

*See pp. 164, 165.

---------------

