
skirmishers, with its right thrown back, the left of the regiment resting on the road. This being done, Companies I and D were thrown forward fifty yards on the left of the road. We remained in this position until all the troops on the mountain had fallen back, when the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry was ordered to retire, leaving a line of skirmishers in charge of Lieutenant Plaisted, instructed to fight our way down the mountain if attacked. We retired in good order without firing, arriving at the point from which the fight began at about 10 p. m. Four men of Company A, who were deployed as skirmishers, are missing, and have not been heard from; supposed to be captured.

Respectfully submitted.

R. L. KILPATRICK,

Lieutenant- Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.

CAMP IN THE FIELD, May 20, 1864.

SIR: The following is my report of the part the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry took in the capture of the four cannon form the dug- out fort on the hill in front of the position held by the Second division on the 15th of May:

I was put in command of the regiment about 10 p. m. of the same day, with instructions to take orders from Colonel Cobham to take the regiment out and relieve the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania. I found that regiment on or near the rest of the hill, with the right resting on the fort, where a working party had commenced digging a road to the guns. We relieved the One hundred and eleventh and then retired. About twenty minutes after we were in position, a brisk musketry fire commenced on our line far on our right and extended along 400 or 500 yards on our left. This continued for about twenty minutes. Half an hour after the firing ceased Colonel Cobham sent an aide asking me how the working party was succeeding. I sent word that the working party had left in a hurry during the firing. I soon received orders to assume the entire control of the getting out of the cannon. I place Captain A. T. Shirer in command of the working party (whose report is herewith inclosed), to consist of Companies G, H, I, K; C and A were afterward added. The other companies were place d so as to cover the working party. In about two hours the road was completed and the guns were commenced to be taken out. sent to Colonel Cabham for fifty men without arms to assist in taking the guns out. Fifty men of the Thirty- third New Jersey reported promptly. By the time they arrived two guns were out of the fort and going down the hill. Captain Shirer used these men in hauling out the other two, and I then gave orders to Captain Shirer to take charge of the four guns and take them to General Geary's headquarters without delay. I reported the completion of the work to Colonel Cobham, and in half an hour was by him ordered to report back to our brigade, which we did, reaching our command by 3 a. m. May 16. It is with great pleasure that I recommend Major H. E. Symmes, Captain Austin T. Shirer, and Lieutenant Koogle, of our

