
regiment, for the zealous and determined manner in which they performed their duty in executing their tiresome and hazardous task. Also Corpl. George W. Tyrrell, Company H, of our regiment, for taking down the rebel flag that is now in possession of the Fifth Ohio Veteran Volunteers and bringing it off.

I have the honer to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. L. KILPATRCIK,

Lieutenant - Colonel Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry,

Colonel COBHAM,

Commanding Third Brigade

[Inclosure.]

CAMP IN THE FIELD, May 20, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report:

On the night of the 15th of May, 1864, the Fifth Regiment Ohio Veteran Volunteers was ordered to support the Third Brigade in getting four pieces of artillery out of a captured fort, of which the enemy held possession of the rear, their pickets being within twenty yards of one of the guns. After one- half hour's digging through the front side of the fort our lines were attacked by the enemy. The party engaged by Lieutenant- Colonel Kilpatrick to take a detachment of the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry and finish digging through the embankment and get the artillery out without delay. I took Companies A, G, H, I, and K to complete the work, which took some two hours' hard labor. After getting out all the pieces but two, which I found to be a difficult matter without more assistance, I applied to the major of one of the regiments to send down the hill and get some of his men without arms to assist in getting out the other two pieces, which he did, the balance of our regiment being under arms as our support. As soon as the pieces were pulled out of the fort I relieved his men and proceeded with the pieces to the rear and reported to General Geary, who ordered me to keep them until morning, when they were taken charge of by Knap's battery.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUSTIN T. SHIRER,

Captain Company G, Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Colonel COBHAM,

Commanding Third Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,June 9, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with circular from division headquarters of June 9, 1864, calling for part taken by Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the recent battles near Dallas, I have the honor to make the following report:

Left camp on the morning of the 18th at 5.30 o'clock, taking the main road leading to Atlanta. Our progress was very slow in consequence of the Fourth Army Corps having the right of the road. The road being clear at about 10 a. m. or column moved forward, diverging from the main road through a broken, unsettled part of the country, the greater portion of the time following blind roads.

