
when a temporary breast- work was thrown up to protect us from the sharpshooters of the enemy. The Fifth Ohio sustained a loss of 7 killed and 51 wounded in this skirmish. We remained in this position until 5 p. m. (the First and Third Divisions, of Twentieth Army Corps, had moved forward and were warmly engaged with the enemy) when we were ordered to advance. The brigade was formed in line, the Fifth Ohio occupying the center. We advanced to within musket- range of the enemy, who were then actively engaged withour advanced lines and firing from very short range. On nearing the scene of action we were greeted with tremendous volleys of musketry, grape, canister, and she.. The firing continued until about 8 p. m., when it ceased entirely. Colonel John H. Patrick was mortally wounded with canister in our advance just at night- fall, also 2 men killed and 3 wounded. When the firing ceased our men were compelled to lie down in line of battle, our brigade being the second line. A drizzling rain set in and continued during the entire night. At 3 o'clock next morning the line in front of us moved out without notifying us, thereby leaving us in the front line. At 4 a. m. (26th) our regiment was advanced about fifty yards, and commenced throwing up a breast- work, which by 8 a. m. was sufficient to protect the men from the enemy's small- arms. Intrenching tools were brought up, and the work strengthened to resist solid shot. During the entire day and night of the 26th we remained in the intrenchments, advancing a line of skirmishers about twenty- five yards in front of the intrenchments, who kept up a fire in reply to the enemy's sharpshooters, who were posted behind trees for the purpose of picking off our men working on the trenches. We had 5 men wounded on the 26th (having 1 man wounded), when we were relieved by the Sixty- sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and retired to a ravine, about fifty yards in rear of line of works, to cook coffee, our men not having had an opportunity to do any cooking rom the afternoon of the 25th until 9 p. m. of the 26th. We remained in this ravine until the evening of the 28th (having 2 men wounded), when we moved into the intrenchments again, relieving the Seventh Ohio. During the night of the 28th and during the day of the 29th a desultory fire was kept up by our skirmishers, with no casualties. We were relieved on the evening of the 29th by the Sixty- sixth Ohio Volunteers, and retired to a second line of works about twenty- five yards in rear of first line, where we remained until the night of the 31st, having 1 man seriously wounded, when we again occupied the front line. During the night an advanced line of works and abatis were constructed by detachments of the Twenty- ninth and Sixty- sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, under the direction of Major H. W. Symmes, Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, which at 4 a. m. of the 1st was partially completed. The Fifth Ohio was moved forward to the new line at daylight, when, with aid of a fresh supply of intrenching tools, and by dint of hard labor, the breast- work at 10 a. m. was so far completed as to make it proof against solid shot, but could not be rendered bullet- prof before we had 1 man killed and 1 wounded by balls passing through the works. We were relieved at 12 m. of the 1st of June by the Forty- sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, of the Fifteenth Army Corps, and retired about one mile to the rear, where we halted about two hours, when we marched with the brigade and division to the extreme left of the line of bat-

