
mountain if attacked. We retired in good order without firing; arrived at the point from which the fight began at about 10 ap. m Four men of Company A, who were deployed as skirmishers, were missing, and have not been heard from; supposed to have been captured. There were[no] casualties. May 12, received orders to be ready for marching; moved with the brigade to the east end of Snake [Creek]Gap and went into camp for the night. May 13, moved at 2 p. m. four miles on the road leading to Resaca, and formed in line of battle in the rear of the Third Division Twentieth Army Corps, a part of which division being at the time engaged with the enemy, who retired from the hills in our front. About 5 p. m. were moved with the brigade to a hill some half a mile in front, where we remained during the night erecting rifle- pits, expecting an attack from the north during the night or early in the morning. May 14, remained in the same position as on the 13th, until 2 p. m., when we were moved with the division to the extreme left of our line of battle, forme din line of the crest of a hill on the immediate left of the First Division, Twentieth Army Corps. Threw forward one company of forty- five men as skirmishes, and remained thus during the night. May 15, moved out on the road leading south from Dalton, and about 10 o'clock were thrown forward with the division to the crest of one of a range of hills, where the enemy was found in large numbers. Brisk firing began about 11 a. m. with musketry and artillery, the enemy retiring rapidly, followed closely by our troops. When the enemy had been driven within his intrenchments the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, with the brigade, was massed on a side hill, within range of the enemy's musketry, in rear of Second Brigade, Second Division, and portions of Third Division. We remained in this position until 9 p. m., sustaining a loss of 3 men killed and 12 wounded. The regiment did not become engage, although one company was sent out as sharpshooters. At 9 p. m. an order was received from General Geary for the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, to move out some distance in front of our line of fortifications to support a detachment of troops under Colonel Cobham, Third Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps. Instead of acting as support as ordered, the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry was sent under command of Lieutenant Colonel R. L. Kilpatrick, at the request of Colonel Cobham, to relieve the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, who occupied the front line on the crest of a hill about twenty- five yards from a rebel fort containing four pieces of artillery, which Colonel Cobham had been ordered to secure. The party at work digging out the guns being attacked, broke and left the hill, leaving their tools in the work. Our regiment remained until the firing ceased, when Lieutenant Colonel R. L. Kilpatrick ordered Companies A, G, H, I, and K, Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, to complete the work, which took some two hours' hard labor. After getting out all but two, which could not be taken out without more assistance, which was furnished, the balance of the Fifth being under arms as support, the two remaining pieces were successfully taken out, making four in all. They were taken to the rear and a report of operations sent to General Geary, who ordered for companies of the Fifth Ohio Volunteer infantry to guard the guns till morning, when they were taken charge of by Knap's battery, May 16, moved out with the division in pursuit of the retreating enemy. Advancing cautiously during the entire day, crossed the Coosawattee River at McClure's Ford and encamped for the night.

