
May 17, remained in camp until 1 p. m., then resumed the pursuit of the enemy, marching seven miles, encamping for the night on Curtis' plantation, three miles south of Calhoun. May 18, marched this day about eighteen miles, encamping for the night on a large plantation upon the same ground that the rebel army encamped on the night previous. May 19, resumed our march t daylight and moved out upon the main road leading to Atlanta. After having marched about one mile the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry was ordered by General Geary to move to the front, where they were deployed as skirmishers and moved forward- our left to connect with the skirmishers of General Butterfield, who were moving on our extreme let; our right to connect with the Fourth Army Corps, who were moving upon the extreme right of our line. He moved in this manner about five miles, when in consequence of conflicting commands our regiment became separated, the right wing forming with the remainder of the brigade at 1 p. m. The left wing continued in line as skirmishers until 2 p. m., when it was reformed in column and moved forward and found the right wing, which with the remainder of the brigade was massed in rear of the Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps,w ho were engaging the enemy near Cassville. At 4.30 p. m. we were moved forward about two miles, when we were formed in line of battle. The Twenty- ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry being deployed as skirmishers, we advanced through open fields to the edge of a dense forest, where the line was halted and it remained in same position all night, men sleeping on their arms and with their accouterments on. May 20, moved back about one mile and went into camp in the woods. Orders were here received to rest and recuperate, preparatory to the coming twenty days' campaign, which would soon commence. The sick and disabled were sent to the rear. May 21, regiment in camp all day receiving fresh supply of clothing, cleaning up arms and accouterments, washing, &amp;c. May 22, regiment in camp employed the same as the day precious; everything was put in readiness for further active duty. May 23, left camp, moved out upon the road Cassville, encamping for the night in line of battle in the woods upon the south side of the river. May 24, started this day about 5.30 a. m., moving very cautiously in consequence of skirmishing in front, the entire force being formed in different columns; halted frequently during the day; marched about fourteen miles; encamped for the night at Burnt Hickory. May 25, left our camp about 6 a. m.: arrived at the bridge across Pumpkin Vine Creek at 8 a. m., where we halted three- quarters of an hour for the bridge to be repaired. Our advance guard was fired upon from the opposite back of the creek. At 9 a. m. we crossed the creek; the Seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry was deployed as skirmishers, followed by the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry in column. We advanced in this manner about two miles, Generals Hooker and Geary, with their staffs and escorts, following in the rear of the skirmishers an din front of the Fifth Regiment, when our skirmishers ran upon the enemy, who fired a volley into the right of the line, evidently intended for the generals, who were plainly visible to the rebels who were in our front. The Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry was moved forward into line in support of the skirmishers, and in a very few moments came in sight of the enemy, who were advancing in line at a distance of about 1,00 yards. The rebels opened fire upon our regiment with

