
two well -directed volleys, which could not be returned immediately owing to our being so close upon our line of skirmishers. The sudden attack upon our regiment threw the right wing for a moment into confusion, but when ordered to charge the regiment opened a promiscuous fire and drove the enemy before them,killing and wounding many and capturing 3 prisoners. Up to this time the remainder of the brigade had[not] got into line, and the prisoners captured informed us that the enemy outnumbered us, and were reforming to advance, when in consequence the brigade was halted and temporary breast- works thrown up. Remained in this position till near dark, at which time we were ordered to advance, the Fifth in the center. On nearing the scene of action we were greeted with tremendous volleys of musketry, grape, canister, and shell. The firing continued until 8 p. m., when it ceased entirely. The men were compelled to lie down in line of battle, our brigade being the second line. It now became pitch dark and a drizzling rain set in, which continued during the greater part of the night. In this action the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry lost Colonel John H. Patrick,w ho was mortally wounded with canister- shot, and died within one hour after receiving the wound. The regiment further lost 1 commissioned officer wounded, 9 enlisted men killed and 54 wounded. May 26, at 3 o'clock in the morning the line in front of us moved out without notifying us, leaving us thereby in the front. At 4 o'clock our regiment was advanced about fifty yards, and commenced to throw up breast- works, which by 8 a. m. was sufficient to protect the men from the enemy's small arms. Intrenching tools were brought up, and the work strengthened to resist solid shot. Regiment remained all day in breast- works. Advanced a line of skirmishers some distance, who kept up a fire in reply to the enemy's sharpshooters, who were posted behind trees; casualties in the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry for this day were 5 men wounded. May 27, remained in breast- works all day till near evening, when the regiment was relieved by the Sixty- sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and we were permitted to retire to a ravine about 100 yards in rear of our works to cook coffee, our men not having had an opportunity to do any cooking for forty- eight hours; casualties for the day, 1 man wounded. May 28, regiment in the ravine all day; in the evening we moved into the intrenchments again, relieving the Seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry; casualties during the day, 2 men wounded. May 29, regiment in the breast- works all day; a desultory fire was kept up. In the evening we were relieved by the Sixty- sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. We retired to a second line of breast- works, about twenty- five yards in rear of a the first, and remained during the night; no casualties during the day. May 30, regiment in second line of works all day; had 1 man severely wounded. May 31, regiment in same breast-works as day precious. In the evening we again occupied the front line, relieving the Sixty-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. During [the night] an advance line of works and abatis were constructed by details from nearly all the regiments, under the direction of Major H. E. Symmes, Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

June 1, the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry was moved forward to the new works about 4 a. m., and by dint of hard working the breast- works at 10 a. m. were so far completed as to make them proof against solid shot. During this operation we had 1 man killed and 1 severely wounded. We were relieved at 12 . by the Forty- sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, of the Fifteenth Army Corps,

