
and retired about one mile to the rear, where we halted and cooked dinner, after which the regiment marched with the brigade and division to the extreme left of the line of battle, a distance of about three miles; went into camp for the night in the woods. June 2, moved this day at 12 m. and advanced about three miles through a terrible thunder- storm to the support of the Twenty- third Army Corps, who were skirmishing with the enemy; went into camp in the woods. June 3, in camp all day. June 4, in camp all day; drizzling rain. June 5, in camp all day, regiment having an inspection of arms and accouterments. June 6, regiment in camp all day. June 7, moved forward; marched till 3 p. m., went into camp near a place called Acworth. June 8, regiment in camp near Acworth, Ga., all day. June 9, 10 and 11, regiment still in camp near Acworth. June 12, regiment still in camp near Acwoth, Ga. The members of the regiment whose term of service had expired and was about to terminate were ordered to Chattanooga, to be mustered out, under charge of Lieutenant Colonel R. L. Kilpatrick and ten line officers. General Geary gave them a farewell address; was responded to by the men with three cheers for the general. June 13, regiment in camp near Acworth, Ga., all day, Major H. W. Symmes in command. June 14, regiment received marching orders. A detachment of the Seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, including one veteran company, whose term of service had not yet expired, were attached to our regiment. We moved forward to breast- works in front of Pine Knob, relieving part of the Fourth Army Corps. We were relieved in turn by the Fourth Army Corps within two hours, and retired in the rear of Knap's battery and encamped for the night. June 15, marched some three miles, drove in the enemy's pickets, and the brigade engaged the enemy, threw up breast- works. Major H. E. Symmes had his horse killed under him in this advance. June 16, regiment engaged in strengthening breast- works all day, the rebels keeping up a sharp fire nearly all day from their breast- works with musketry and artillery. The casualties for the day in the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infanry were 3 men severally wounded and 1 mortally. The detachment of the Seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry had 5 men wounded and 1 mortally.. In the evening our regiment was ordered out on the skirmish line to relieve the Sixty- sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, which was done successfully. June 17, at 3 o'clock in the morning the advanced skirmishers of the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry discovered that the rebels had evacuated their works. This information was given to Major Symmes, who immediately sent word to the brigade commander. At 5 a. m. our men were in the rebel works; remained there until breakfast had been cooked and eaten. The Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry was then ordered to advance, which was done. We moved a short distance when we struck a road leading east in the direction of Marietta. Part of the regiment, deployed as skirmishers, advanced this way about one mile and a half; took some 5 rebel prisoners, when we came upon the right of the Fourth Army Corps. This caused a halt; we remained here some three hours, when we received orders to rejoin the brigade, which was done accordingly. We then advanced about three- quarters of a mile with the brigade and halted. In the evening we were ordered to the support of Bundy's battery, stationed about three- quarters of a mile to our right. Remained there all night. June 18, regiment in same

