
position as the evening previous,in support of Bundy's battery; casualties for the day, 2 men wounded in the detachment Seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry. June 19, the regiment was ordered to move forward with the brigade; entered the rebel breast- works about 10 a. m., they having left during the night. We advanced about a mile beyond the rebel works; forme din line amid a terrible rain- storm, and remained in that position during the balance of the day and night; no casualties. June 20, regiment in same position as the day previous. In the afternoon we were relieved by the Fourth Army Corps. Moved to the right about three miles. The Fifth Was then ordered on picket for the night and deployed as skirmishes. June 21, the regiment was relieved from picket duty about 10 a. m. and ordered to build breast- works on the extreme left of the brigade, which was done accordingly. The regiment was engaged all day and part of the night in completing their works. June 22, the brigade moved forward about one mile and threw up works; the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry followed about two hours should be unsuccessful. Remained in support as a reserve till evening, when we entered the new works on the left of the brigade and remained during the night; casualties, 2 men wounded. June 23, regiment in breast- works all day; skirmish guard out; no casualties. June 24, regiment in breast- works all day; no casualties. June 25, regiment still in same breast- works; no casualties. June 26, regiment in same breast- works; received orders in the evening to be ready to move at 4 a. m. June 27, regiment ready to leave at 6 a. m.; regiment fell in, stacked arms in breast- works; were relieved by the First Division, Twentieth Army Corps; retired to the rear of breast- works about twenty- five yards; at 8 a. m. the regiment was ordered out to the reserve skirmish line and prepared to charge the rebel skirmish line, which was done about 9 a. m.; the charge was successful; took about 25 prisoners from the rebel skirmish pits; then commenced to throw up breast- works; the rebels shelled our position furiously, some eight shots striking the houses in our immediate neighborhood; toward evening tore down the two houses in neighborhood to secure position and strengthen the works; casualties for the day, 2 commissioned officers slightly wounded, 1 enlisted man killed and 26 wounded. June 28, regiment in the works erected on the 27th ; remained all day; heavy skirmish firing from our works all day; in the afternoon the rebels opened on us with artillery; fired about 10 shots at us, doing no damage; about dusk Major H. E. Symmes was severely wounded in the thigh of his right leg by a musket- ball; in the evening put out vedettes; no alarm during the night; 4 enlisted men wounded during the day. June 29, regiment in same position and works as on the 28th instant; in the evening put out vedettes; casualties during the day, 1 man killed and 4 wounded. June 230, regiment in same position and works as on the 28th; received orders to be ready to move in the evening; were relieved by the Seventy- sixth Indiana Volunteers, of the Fourth Army Corps, at 8 p. m.; marched all night to the right of the line; entire distance marched was about five miles; relieved the Sixth Tennessee Infantry, of the Twenty- third Army Corps, and occupied their breast-works, where we remained/ no casualties.

July 1, all day in breast- works; toward evening put out skirmish guard; at 8 p. m. were ordered to pack up and leave; marched to

