
the rear to the second line of works, distant from the first about 800 yards; set the regiment immediately to work to strengthen the works; casualties during the day, 3 men slightly wounded and 1 severely. July 2, regiment remained all day in second line of works still at work strengthening them; no alarm during the day; casualties, 1 man slightly wounded by a stray shot. July 3, received marching orders early in the morning; moved about 6 a. m.; entered the enemy's intrenchments, they having vacated during the night; left the enemy's intrenchments and marched about three miles in a southeasterly direction in pursuit of the rebels and halted; skirmishing heard in advance of us ; formed in line with the Sixty- sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry and rested for several hours; made dinner, after which detailed sixty- four men and five lieutenants to act as an advance guard; at 1.30 o'clock fell in and marched in a direction due south, frequently halting and resting; after having marched four miles halted and camped for the night within sight of the enemy; no casualties during the day. July 4, remained in positions on the evening of the 3d, advance guard still out; moved camp about 4 o'clock in the afternoon, taking ground to the left about 1,200 yards; advance guard relieved and rejoined the regiment about 6 o'clock in the evening; received orders to be ready to move on skirmish line, but remained quiet all night; no casualties during the day. July 5, were in the same position as on the evening of the 4th; received orders to be ready to move at a moment's notice; about 8 a. m. the regiment received detail as division wagon guard; wagons started about 2.30 p. m.; marched about for miles, halted at 8 p. m., and camped for the night. July 6, started again with wagon train about 9 a. m.; marched about one mile, halted, and made dinner, then camped near a creek; the wagon train parked and made camp. July 7, regiment in camp with wagon train all day. July 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16 and 17, regiment remained in camp with the wagon train. In the evening of the 17th received marching orders; started with wagon train at 8 p. m. and marched all night. July 18, halted at 5.30 in the morning; men very sleepy; made camp and rested for the balance of the day. July 18, started with the wagon train early in the morning, marched all day till 4 p. m., when an order was received from Colonel Candy to rejoin the brigade withour delay, which we could not do immediately on account of the men having no rations and being much fatigued. July 20, started for the brigade at 2 a. m.; after marching five miles reached the brigade at 9 a. m. after considerable trouble and difficulties; formed in line in the breast- works; the Fifth had to change their line of works twice; third time remained; at 4 o'clock the rebels made an attack in fore and flanked the extreme right of our brigade; the Sixty- sixth and Twenty- ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry and One hundred and forty- seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, assisted by the One hundred and ninth New York, held their ground under a severe fire; the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry assisted in taking two pieces of artillery belonging to Bundy's (Thirteenth New York) artillery from

