
the place vacated by our retreating forces and placing them in position to fire upon the rebel flank; the Sixtieth New York came up and erected a temporary breast- work facing the rebel flank; the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry remained in their old works for two hours without ammunition; the top of the flag- staff was shot away: we had 1 commissioned officer severely wounded, 2 men killed and 9 wounded; at dark we strengthened the works and remained all night; no alarm during the night. This action took place at Peach Tree Creek, Ga. July 21, remained in breast- works all day near Peach Tree Creek; toward evening there was severe skirmishing on the right of the line; we were not engaged; no casualties during the day. July 22, moved out of breast- works at 8.30 a. m., one hour, then advanced to within one mile and a half of the city of Atlanta, formed in line on the right of the brigade and put up breast- works, but did not finish them; at 3 p. m. moved to the left of the brigade and occupied the breast- works of the Twenty- eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers; remained in this position for the night. July 23, remained in breast- works all day; about 11 o'clock there was an alarm; skirmishers were driven back, but recovered their ground; during the day cannonading from both sides; no casualties. July 24, regiment in same breast- works all day; cannonading mostly by the rebels; in the evening heavy cannonading by the rebels, also heavy skirmishing; looked like an attack, but none was made; during the night sent out thirteen men to chop logs for new breast- works; no casualties. July 25, the entire regiment on fatigue, building new breast- works about 1,800 yards in advance of our old ones; no casualties. July 26, regiment in old breast- works all day; fatigue party out at work on new breast- works; no casualties. July 27, regiment moved into new breast- works at 7.30 a. m.; men at work strengthening the works and making large traverses; several rebel shells fired into the works, but no harm done; heavy skirmishing during the day, but no alarm during the day; no casualties. July 28, regiment in new breast- works before Atlanta all day; several alarms, but nothing serious; no casualties. July 29, in breast- works all day; no casualties; artillery bombarding the city. July 30, regiment in breast- works all day; heavy cannonading by the rebels firing on our skirmish line; casualties, 1 man wounded whilst out on skirmish line firing. July 31, regiment in breast- works all day ; nothing unusual occurred during the day; no casualties.

August 1, regiment in breast- works all day; no alarms during the day or night; no casualties. August 2, regiment in breast- works all day; no alarms; casualties, 1 man killed while on duty as alarm guard. August 3, regiment in breast- works all day; one alarm during the day, caused by our pickets feeling their front; no casualties. August 4, regiment in breast-works all day; no alarm and no casualties. August 5, regiment in breast- works all day; two alarms during the day, caused by our skirmishers advancing; no casualties. August 6, regiment in breast- works all day; no alarms during the day; toward evening considerable cannonading from our side; no casualties. August 7, regiment in breast- works all day; received orders to be very vigilant; reported rumor of a midnight attack; no alarm nor attack occurred during the night; no casualties. August 8, regiment in breast- works all day; no alarm nor casualties. August 9, regiment in breast- works all day; heavy cannonading all

