
along the line by order of General Sherman ordering each piece to fire fifty rounds; no casualties. August 10, regiment in breast- works all day; no alarms nor casualties. August 11, regiment in breast- works all day; no alarms nor casualties. August 12, regiment in breast - works all day; no alarms nor casualties. August 13, regiment in breast- works all day; no alarms nor casualties; heavy cannonading from our side during the night. August 14, regiment in breast- works all day; no alarms except one in the night on the right of the Second Division, but it did not reach us; no casualties. August 15, regiment in breast- works all day; no alarms nor casualties. August 16, regiment in breast- works all day; received notice to use extra vigilance as the enemy were massing in our front, but no alarms occurred, and no casualties. August 17, regiment in breast- works all day; no alarms; were inspected during the day by the brigade acting assistant inspector- general; no casualties. August 18, early in the morning, heavy cannonading by the rebels, replied to by our artillery; regiment remained in breast- works all day; no further alarms during the day, and no casualties. August 19, regiment in breast- works all day; early in the morning heavy cannonading from our side; no casualties during the day. August 20, regiment in breast- works all day; no alarms nor casualties. August 21, regiment the same as on the 20th instant. August 22, 23, and 24, the regiment was in breast- works; no alarms of any kind occurred, nor any casualties. August 25, regiment in breast- works all day; in the evening received marching orders, [vacated] the breast- works about 9 p. m., marched one mile to the rear, near tho General Geary's headquarters, halted and rested there till 12 o'clock at night; the retreat from the works was successful; no alarm occurred during the movement. August 26, started at 1 a. m., marched as far as the old rebel breast- works near Peach Tree Creek and had a short halt and rest; marched again all morning till we came in sight of the Chattahoochee River at Pace's Ferry, where we halted and made breakfast; started again and marched along the river in southerly took position on a ridge a quarters of a mile southeast of the river and threw up rifle- pits- from three to four men in each pit, and the pits from twelve to eighteen feet apart; the timber was cut down in our front. In the afternoon Major- General Slocum, our new corps commander, rode along the line; he was received by the men with cheers and waving of hats. August 27, regiment i rifle- pits near Chattahoochee River all day; the men at work strengthening works, cutting down timber, and clearing camp; no casualties. August 28, regiment in rifle- pics all day; part of the regiment at work chopping down trees; no casualties. August 29, regiment in rifle- pits all day; no casualties and no alarms. August 30, regiment in rifle- pits; thirty men and one officer sent out under Colonel Flynn on a reconnaissance; small party out on fatigue; the regiment was inspected by the acting assistant inspector- general First Brigade, and also mustered for pay.

September 1, regiment in rifle- pits near Chattahoochee River all day; received 137 recruits from the State of Ohio; divided them among seven veteran companies; no alarms during the day or night; no casualties. September 2, regiment in rifle- pits; received orders at 3 p. m. to move at a moment's notice; moved at 4 p. m.; took ground to the left about 600 yards and occupied the rifle- pits for-

