
merly occupied by the Sixty-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry; no alarm during the day or night and no casualties. September 3, regiment in the same position as on the 2nd instant; no casualties. September, the regiment received marching orders at 7 a. m., and moved at 8 a. m.; reported to brigade headquarters; started from brigade headquarters about 9 o'clock; took the road toward the railroad bridge, from thence took the main road to Atlanta; about 1.30 o'clock, marched through the city, the brigade brass band playing and regimental colors flying ; arrived at out destination about 4.30 o'clock, took position in the rebel beast- works on the westerly part of the city, and remained during the night. September 5, regiment quartered in the rebel shanties near the rebel breast- works; men at work putting up quarters and cleaning up camp. September 6, regiment in same position as on the 5th instant. September 7, regiment in the same position as on the 6th instant, drilling recruits, &amp;c.

The foregoing report is hereby respectfully submitted.

ROBT. KIRKUP,

Captain, Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Samuel McCleland, Seventh Ohio Infantry, of operations May 8- June 9.
HDQRS. SEVENTH REGIMENT OHIO VOL. INFANTRY,Bivouac, near Mill Creek Gap, Ga., May 11, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the engagement on the 8th instant on Rocky Face Ridge, at Mill Creek Gap:

At about 2 p. m. the column, moving by the right flank under cover of the woods and just issuing to the open fields, was ordered into line. My command occupying the e right, the line was formed in the rear of the Second Brigade. Orders were given to advance directly to the front, which was across open fields until the foot of the ridge was reached, the sides of which were rocky and very steep and covered with dense undergrowth of pine shrubs. No opposition was offered to out advance, when, at a temporary halt for rest at about two- third the way to the summit, we were removed from our position in the line by the left flank to a ridge or spur from the mountain side commanding the road leading to the summit. We were ordered into line in a position commanding this road and by order of General Geary there remained as a reserve. While lying in this position frequent shots from the enemy above us struck near my line, many passing just over it. At night- fall, our troops having been ordered to fall back, I was ordered to fall in the rear of the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry and cover the retreat down the mountain. This order I obeyed by deploying a portion of my command as skirmishers 200 yards in the rear of my main force, which followed to the foot of the mountain. I was then ordered to report to General Geary in person, and received orders from him to take my

12 R R- VOL XXXVIII, PT II

