
command and picket to the north of the camp, joining my right with the left of the One hundred and forty- seventh Pennsylvania, they picketing to the east and between the camp and the ridge. My command during the engagement consisted of 11 commissioned officers and 228 enlisted men, among whom no casualties occurred.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. McCLELLAND,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.
HDQRS. SEVENTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Bivouac, near Cassville, Ga., May 21, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of my command since May 12, 1864, and participation in the late engagement near Resaca, Ga.:

At about 7 a. m. Thursday, May 12, 1864, my command moved from its position near Mil Creek Gap in a southerly direction, and at sundown arrived at Snake [Creek] Gap, where we bivouacked for the night. May 13, at about 12 m. moved forward in a southeasterly direction until about 5 p. m., when we came upon our outer lines, which were skirmishing with the enemy. The regiment was ordered to take a position on a hill, where it remained during the night and until 4 p.m. the next day, May 14, when my command was ordered to the extreme left of ut line of battle, We arrived after dark, formed in line and threw out pickets in front; remained here until 10 a. m. May 15, when the regiment was ordered to the right to the support of the Third Division, then heavily engaged in resisting the charge of the enemy. The regiment in line of battle advanced to within a few paces of the crest of the hill, in front of which were two lines of battle,and rested upon the ground. While lying in this position 5 men of my regiment were struck with the enemy's balls. Nne were dangerously wounded. After lying here about an hour I was ordered to support the One hundred and forty- seventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers. We moved to the immediate front and formed on the right of that regiment, the regiment being in a ravine. Forty men were sent to the crest of the hill in advance as sharpshooters, their position being protected by piles of rails, breast- works having been built an artillery got into position on a commanding hill a few paces in our rear. At about 10 p. m. the regiment was ordered to join the remainder of the brigade, then lying in a ravine to our right and near the road running east and west. Here arms were stacked and the men laid down to rest. I was aroused at about 11 p. m. by rapid discharges of musketry, and caused the regiment to fall in and be in readiness for any emergency. By order of General Geary three companies of my regiment were deployed on the crest of the hill to stop the retreat of stragglers from the front. The firing soon ceased, and the regiment rested undisturbed until daylight. At about 9 a. m. we were ordered to fall in, and moved off by the road toward the east, crossing the railroad a mile north of Resaca at noon; crossed Connesauga Creek at 5 p. m; arrived at Coosawattee Creek; found the cavalry had discovered a body of the enemy in a piece of woods on the opposite

