
bank. I was ordered to take my command a half mile to the left to support a section of artillery in position on commanding ground near the bank of the creek, our troops having crossed the creek without opposition. At 9 p. m. received orders to rejoin the brigade, then in camp on the opposite bank. May 17, again moved forward at about 12 m. After marching about eight miles halted for the night near Calhoun. May 18, fell in at 4 a. m., and after a very fatiguing march, principally across fields and over mountains, went into camp soon after sunset. May 19, moved off soon after sunrise in an easterly direction, scarcely any of the time being on a beaten path. At about 4 p. m., when approaching the town of Cassvile, found that we were in the vicinity of the enemy. The regiment was ordered to take position behind some breast- works of rails hastily thrown up. After remaining here something like two hours my command was again moved forward about a mile and formed in line of battle on a retreating piece of ground in the rear of a piece of woods, where the regiment remains.

Respectfully submitted.

SAML. McCLELLAND,

Lieutenant Col, Commanding Seventh Regiment Ohio Vol. Infty.

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.
HDQRS. SEVENTH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEERS,Near Allatoona, Ga., June 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of my command since May 17, 1864, to the present date:

May 17, my command, then in camp on the south bank of the Coosawattee Creek, at about 11 a. m. moved forward in line a southerly direction, ad at sundown halted for the night near Calhoun. May 18, moved on at 4 a. m., and after a very fatiguing march, most of the way over mountains and across fields, halted for the night just after sunset. May 19, moved forward in an easterly direction. Scarcely any of our line of march was in a beaten path or traveled road. At about 4 p. m., when approaching the town of Cassville, found the enemy in our immediate front. My command was ordered to take a position under cover of some hastily constructed breast- works, and after remaining there about two hours, was ordered forward about a mile, and then formed in line of battle in the rear of the One hundred and forty- seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers and on the left of the Fifth Ohio Volunteers. Here it remained until about 10 a. m. on the 21st instant, when it was removed about one mile to the rear in a piece of woods, where it remained until the morning of the 23rd instant, when, with the division, it moved off, passing through Cassville and Cass Station, crossing the railroad and taking a southwesterly course; at about 4 p. m. crossed the Etowah River an halted for the night two miles beyond. May 24, at an early hour, the regiment was ordered forward, and at sunset was halted for the night on Hickory Ridge. May 25, received orders to take the advance of the brigade, which had the advance of the division and entire column; moved off at 7 a. m. At about a mile from camp, by order of General Geary, I deployed seven companies as skirmishers, three on the right and four on the left of the road. Owing to the density of the underbrush and rank growth of

