
until the morning of the 6th instant, when the regiment was moved in an easterly direction for about four miles, when it was halted, and I was ordered to stack arms and immediately set about building breast- works. My command was very actively engaged at this until sunset, when it was relieved by a detail from the One hundred and forty- seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, and since that time has remained in camp upon the same ground.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. McCLELLAND,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 212.

Report of Captain Myron T. Wright, Twenty- Ninth Ohio Infantry, of operations May 8- July 20.
HDQRS. TWENTY- NINTH Regiment OHIO VET. VOL. INFTY.,Atlanta, Ga., September 8, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that the Twenty- ninth Regiment Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry occupied the extreme left of our battle line at Mill Creek Ga;, Ga., in the action of the 8th day of May, 1864, at the foot of the mountain. Our right rested on the road leading up the hill; arrived at point nearest the enemy's line, our left was swung to the right so that our entire line rested parallel to and at the road, our left not more than 120 yards from the top of the hill. We could have held our position if supplies of ammunition could have reached us, but after stripping the cartridges from the dead and wounded, and exhausting them we were ordered to fall back. I immediately deployed a line of skirmishers, and directed the killed and wounded to be moved off the field. The ammunition of the skirmishers being entirely expended the enemy became more bold. Their fire being directed on those engaged in carrying off the killed and wounded, obliged us to abandon some of our dead; the wounded were all brought off. After leaving the field the Twenty- ninth joined the brigade on the road a half mile south of the hospital; remained until 11 a. m. of the 9th; moved 500 paces south, constructed breast- works, and remained in this position until 7 a. m. of the 12th; marched about ten miles; encamped in Sugar Valley near Snake Creek Gap; rested until 2 p m. 13th; marched two miles east; went into line of battle on side hill[in] position; Twenty- ninth second battalion in line of First Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Corps; fortified; lay in our trenches until 4 p. m. 14th; marched a distance of seven miles; took position on extreme left of our lines at 1.30 a. m. 15th; rested until 11 a. m; moved to the right; took position at the foot of a hill where the Second Division, Twentieth Corps, was engaging the enemy; assisted provost guard until 6 p. m; received orders to move to the right in support of Second Brigade; started; order was countermanded; at 8 received orders to move to the left in support of first line; did so, taking position ten paces immediately in rear of One hundred and Second New York and One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Vol-

