
a mile; laid in line of battle over night, Twenty- ninth on left of First Brigade. At 7 a. m. 5th moved to front and right five miles; remained till 9 a. m. 6th; moved to font and right three- quarters of a mile; went into position on ridge in woods near Chattahoochee River, Twenty- ninth on right of First Brigade, perpendicular to main and in two lines; at 3.30 moved to the left and front about three miles; went into camp for the night At 9 a.m. 7th moved to the left and front about three miles; went into position on ridge near Chattahoochee River, Twenty- nine second line on left of First Brigade; nothing of note occurred; occasional skirmishing, but no casualties; remained here until 6 p. m. 17th; moved to the left four miles; crossed Chattahoochee River near Vining's Station; moved on three- quarters of a mile and went into camp for the night; 3.30 p. m. moved to the front three miles; halted for the night at cross- roads of Howell's Mill and Buck Head; put up some temporary works. At 6 a. m. 19th moved to right and front about four miles; crossed Peach Tree Creek and went into position on ridge in edge of woods; constructed a line of works; remained here until 10 a. m. 20th; moved to right and front about three quarters of a mile; went into line of battle on a ridge, Twenty- ninth second battalion of First Brigade; commenced throwing up works, but were attacked in very heavy fore before we had time to complete them. The regiment on our right being flanked and driven, the enemy came upon our flank and rear and we were forced to fall back in some disorder. After reaching the foot of the hill on which the line was located, the regiment was being reformed when it was ordered to go to the second line of works. On reaching there the Twenty- ninth was immediately deployed for the purpose of rallying all men who came back and forming them in line at the works. This was accomplished at 6 p. m. and the whole line was again moved forward to the battle line from which they had fallen back. Being slightly wounded during the action, after the regiment reformed the command was turned over at 6 p. m. 20th of July to Captain Wilbur F. Stevens, who has been in command since.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MYRON T. WRIGHT,

Captain, Twenty- ninth Ohio Veteran Vol. Infantry.

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 213.

Report of Captain Wilbur F. Steven, Twenty- nine Ohio Infantry, of operations July 20- September 8.
HDQRS. TWENTY- NINTH Regiment OHIO VET. VOL. INFTY.,Atlanta, Ga., September 8, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with special orders, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Twenty- ninth Regiment Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry during the present campaign from July 20, 1864"

The regiment was turned over to me by Captain Wright, he having received a slight wound. After reforming on the hill occupied

