
by us the night before, I was then ordered with the regiment back to our old position, Arriving there I was ordered to form line in rear of Sixtieth New York Volunteers, who lay in works as a support to said line. Here we remained until the morning of the 22nd of July, nothing occurring worthy of note; when orders were received to march at 7 a. m., Twenty- ninth occupying the second battalion of First Brigade; marched to within one mile and a half northwest of Atlanta, where we established line and threw up heavy works, Twenty- ninth occupying third battalion of the brigade. During the day and night all quiet. 23d, some shelling by the enemy but no casualties. 24th, ordered to send detail in front to cut logs for advanced works; no casualties. 25th, new line of works laid out and detail made to complete the same. 26th, ordered to move at daylight, but order countermanded; moved over to new line of works about dark. 27th, placed abatis in front of works. 28th, heavy shelling from enemy; casualties in Twenty- nine h was 1 sergeant killed and 2 privates wounded. All quiet up to August 1. At daylight ordered to have men put on their accouterments and remain in works. On the 3rd demonstrating in front and left by enemy. All quiet up to 24th, when received orders to be ready to move. Tents struck at 8.30 p. m. Marched at 9 o'clock, regiment occupying the second battalion in line of march. Marched all night; took breakfast at 6.30 a. m. 25th near Pace's Ferry, Chattahoochee River. Resumed line of march at 7.30 a. m. Twenty- ninth ordered to take position about one mile and a half below Pace's Ferry, and about one mile above the railroad bridge, on a hill, placing the men in pits six paces apart and three men in a pit; nearly completed the pits. 26th, completed the pits and commenced slashing the timber in front. 29th, received orders about noon to form anew line in front and to the left of One hundred and forty- seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers. Commenced works with a detail; were relieved by Sixty- sixth Ohio and moved regiment to new line. All quiet. 30th, completed works. 31st, detailed one commissioned officer, five noncommissioned, and twenty- five privates to report to Colonel Flynn, of the Twenty- eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, with one day's rations. September 4, orders to be ready to move and join brigade as it passed by; marched at 9 a. m., Twenty- ninth fourth battalion of First Brigade; arrived in the city of Atlanta about 2 p. m.; marched through the city; took up position west of the city, occupying a line of works, right of regiment resting on fort.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. STEVENS,

Captain, Commanding Twenty- ninth Ohio Vet. Vol. Infty.

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 214.

Report of Captain Thomas McConnell, Sixty- sixth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY- SIXTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Atlanta, Ga., September 12, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with instructions, I have the honor to herewith transmit report of operations and movements of the

