
Sixty- sixth Regiment Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry during the campaign commencing May 3, 1864, and ending September 4, 1864. May 3, 1864, broke camp at Bridgeport, Ala., and marched to Shellmound. May 4, marched to eastern foot of Lookout Mountain. May 5, marched to Post Oak Church, Ga. May 6, marched to Pea Vine Church, Ga. May 7, marched to Mickle's house, Ga. May 8, marched to Mill Creek Gap, where Captain McConnell with Companies A, F, and D were detached and ordered to report to General Butterfield, commanding Third Division. This regiment, together with the Fifth Ohio and One hundred and forty- seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, all under command of Colonel Patrick,of the Fifth Ohio, were ordered to support the artillery. After taking up position in rear of the artillery, I was ordered to report with my regiment to General Geary, commanding Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, who was at that time with the division up the hill and engaged with the enemy. After reporting to the general, I was ordered to take up a position in the rear and left of the First Brigade, to cover our lift flank. Then the troops fell back. I was ordered to place my regiment on picket at the foot of the hill, an guard the approaches of our camp; no casualties to report. may 9, relieved from picket by a regiment from the Third Brigade, and joined the brigade. Worked all nigh throwing up works against any attack the enemy might make. May 10 and 11, still in camp/ May 12, moved for Snake Creek Gap, which we reached at 3 p. m., and went into camp. May 13, marched for the forks of the Snake Creek Gap and Resaca road, Clahoun and Dalton road, and formed line to the right of, and with angles to, the last named road and threw up intrenchments. May 14, 3 p.m., moved to the extreme left of the line, to a right of the Twenty- eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers and in the third line, and advanced on the enemy. After arriving close to the enemy, we were ordered to lie down in a ravine, where we remained until dark, when I was ordered to move in front of the temporary works and occupy a ridge running at right angles to crest fortified by the Third Brigade an fortify, which I did. Casualties, 3 men slightly wounded. May 16, the enemy having evacuated during the nigh an d in full retreat toward the Etowah River, we followed, going into camp on the south side of the Coosawattee River, at McClure's Ford. may 17, marched to the forks of the Calhoun and Adairsville road. May 18, marched to north side of Gravelly Ridge. May 19, marched to near Cassville, Ga., and encamped until the 23d, when marched to south side of Etowah River. May 24, marched to Burnt Hickory, Ga. May 25, moved at daylight and crossed Pumpkin Vine Creek, when our advance met that of the enemy. We immediately formed i in line,my right on the right of the brigade, throwing forward skirmishers,and advanced the lie about half a mile driving the enemy, when we were ordered to halt in a ravine. We lay here a short time, when we were ordered t fall back a short distance and occupy the crest in our rear; threw up temporary works leaving Company A on the line of skirmishers under command of Colonel Flynn, of the Twenty- eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers. We lay here until 5 p. m., when we were ordered to advance and relieve the Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps, that was then heavily engaged. We moved forward, with the One hundred and forty- seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers on our left and the Twenty- eighth

