
Pennsylvania Volunteers on our right. We advanced about one mile and found the Third Brigade, which we were ordered to relieve. Night coming on, we were ordered to halt in a ravine close to the enemy's line, under a galling fire. May 26, relieved the Fifth Ohio in front line of works, which we strengthened; ordered to keep up a fire all night to cover two pieces of artillery that the enemy had left in front of their line of works. May 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, and June 1, remained in same position, skirmishing all the time.

June 2, moved to the extreme left and bivouacked for the night in rear of the Twenty- third Corps; remained here until June 6; marched to Acworth and Big Shanty road and went into camp. June 7, received orders to report of Lieutenant- Colonel Le Duc as guard for supply train to Cartersville and return. June 8 to 12, guard to supply train. June 13, returned to camp/. June 14, marched to near Pine Knob. June 15, the enemy having fallen back and evacuated Pine Knob, we advanced with the rest of the brigade about on mile and formed line of battle, resting in line until 5 p. m., when we were ordered to advance this regiment in second line and to left of Fifth Ohio; after advancing a short distance encountered the enemy in force. We advanced, driving them within their works, which were found to be too strong t assault, and we were ordered t lie down in line under cover of a hill. After night the regiment was ordered to throw up works on the crest of the hill. June 16, relieved the Twenty- eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers and Twenty- ninth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry in front of the enemy;y, and skirmished with them all day. June 17, the enemy evacuated during the night, and we moved two miles and were held in reserve. June 18, moved forward about a mile and a half and threw up works. June 20, relieved by a regiment of the Fourth Corps and moved to the right and went on picket. June 21, threw up works in front of position; slight skirmishing. June 22, advanced about three- quarters of a mile and threw up works.june 23 to 26, remained in camp. June 27, ordered to advance with the rest of the brigade; advanced about one mile, driving the enemy ;halted in the woods and fortified; after dark ordered to move forward and join the Fifth Ohio on the right . Remained here until June 29, 1864, when we were relieved by the Fourteenth Corps and moved to the right and relieved the Twenty- third Corps. June 30, in the trenches on the Marietta and Powder Springs road. July 1, relieved by the One hundred and forty- seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers and moved to the right an rear,in second line of works. July 3, the enemy evacuated during the night; offered to move forward, capturing a large number of his rear guard. Pushing him some four or five miles, he was found intrenching. After forming line we, with the rest of brigade, were thrown in reserve. July 34, remained in camp. July 5, advanced about five miles. July 7, moved camp, right resting on Nickajack Creek. July 8 to 17, remained in camp. July 17, marched to Pace's Ferry, Chattahoochee River, Ga., as guard to division ordnance train. July 18, crossed the river and joined the brigade. March to near the fork of Atlanta and Buck Head road and threw up works. July 19, advanced and crossed Peach Tree Creek; threw up works. July 20, advanced and commenced fortifying; about 4 p. m. were attacked in front and right flank, and receiving orders from Captain Elliott, assistant adjutant- general, Second Division, fell back to second line of works; reformed, and again advanced, and took up posit-

