
ion on the right of the brigade. July 21, remained in camp. July 22, advanced to within two miles of Atlanta and fortified. July 23 to August 25, remained in trenches. August 25, moved to Pace's Ferry, Chattahoochee River, September 4, marched to Atlanta and are now doing duty in the city.

THOS. McCONNELL,

Captain Co. A, Sixty- sixth Ohio Vet. Vol. Infty., Commanding Regiment

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 215.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Eugene Powell, Sixty- sixth Ohio Infantry, of operations May 8 and 15 and May 25- June 13.
HDQRS. SIXTY- SIXTH OHIO VETERAN VOL. INFANTRY,In the Field, Ga., May 17, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with instructions from headquarters First Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, I have the honor to report the part taken by this regiment in the action of Mill Creek Gap, May 8, 1864.

I was ordered by Colonel J. H. Patrick, commanding detachment of First Brigade, to support two sections of a battery which had taken position in front of the gap. I soon after received orders to report to General Geary, commanding division, who was then attacking the enemy in the gap. I immediately reported to General Geary, who ordered me to take position covering the main road through the gap, to prevent a flank movement by the enemy; while in this position I received orders from Colonel Candy to return down the mountain an place my regiment on picket at its base. I have no casualties to report.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, you obedient servant,

E. POWELL,

Lieutenant Colonel Sixty- sixth Ohio Vet. Vol. Infty.,m Commanding Regiment

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.
HDQRS. SIXTY- SIXTH OHIO VETERAN VOL. INFANTRY,Cassville, Ga., May 22, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with instructions received this day from headquarters First Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, I have the honor to report the part taken by this regiment in the attack on the enemy's works near Resaca on the 15th instant. This regiment moved forward to the attack in the second line of battle formed by the First Brigade, Second Division, being on the left of the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. The regiment was halted soon after crossing the wagon road in front of a commanding height that the enemy held, on which they had an earth- work and four guns. During the evening I received orders from Colonel Candy to throw up a line of rifle- pits in an open field in advance of our main line of defense, this being done for the occupancy of a commanding

