
knoll directly in our front. I completed this work during the night, although fired upon by the enemy's pickets. I have to report but 2 men slightly wounded.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully,

E. POWELL,

Lieutenant Colonel Sixty- sixth Ohio Vet. Vol. Infty., Commanding Regiment

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.
HDQRS. SIXTY- SIXTH OHIO VETERAN VOL. INFANTRY,In the Field, Ga., June 13, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the part taken by this regiment since the 25th ultimo.

This regiment was moving on the 25th ultimo, being third in line of march. Soon after passing Pumpkin Vine Creek, the head of the column being fired upon, I was ordered to form line of battle on the right of the road. I immediately formed line, and received orders t advance. I was the extreme right of the brigade I soon met the enemy and was engaged and driven back. I then received orders to halt and throw up temporary breast- works and await orders. About 6 o'clock same evening I received orders to advance to the support of the First Division Twentieth Army Corps, then engaged, my position in line of battle being second from the right of brigade. While advancing I received orders from Colonel Candy, commanding brigade, to advance an relieve the front line of battle of the First Division, Twentieth Army Corps. Although I advanced to the front, the darkness by this time was s intense the order could not be carried out. I then waited where I was until morning; then received orders to take position in rear, under cover of a ridge, and wait orders. The casualties during the 25th were 3 killed and 9 wounded. On the afternoon of the 26th I received orders to relieve the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, then in the intrenchments on the left of the road. During my tour of duty I had 1 killed and 4 wounded. I was relieved by the Seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and ordered into a sheltered position behind a ridge, a short distance in rear of intrenchments. While here I had 2 officers and 1 man wounded. I relieved the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry on the evening of the 29th. During the night the enemy made quite a spirited attack on our lines, but was repulsed; lost 3 men wounded. Lost 1 man wounded on the 30th. I was relieved on the 30th by the Seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry and took a position in ravine in rear of intrenchments.

On June 1 I had 2 men wounded. I was ordered ont he evening of the 1st to report with my regiment for fatigue duty and build breast- works about twenty- five yards in advance of those now held by the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. This work was so nearly completed that the infantry occupied it that morning. I received orders on the 2nd instant to march to this place.

I have tho honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient.servant,

EUGENE POWELL,

Lieutenant Colonel Sixty- sixth Ohio Vet. Vol Infty., Commanding Regiment

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.

