
was directed to occupy the high ground about the military bridge at Pace's Ferry with two brigades, and to send one to the prominent bluff, about a mile north of the railroad bridge, at Montgomery's Ferry. Ward was to hold the hills on the south bank of the river at Turner's Ferry. The columns were not able to move before 2 o'clock at night, and the picket-line was not withdrawn from our works until near daybreak. Each column took its proper position, and the pickets rejoined their commands without molestation and without loss. Subsequently attacks of no very serious character were made upon both Geary's and ward's defenses, and were easily repulsed. On the 27th of August I was relieved by Major General H. W. Slocum, appointed by the President to the command the corps, and on the following morning I resumed command of my division. During my brief command of the corps I received the cordial and efficient aid and co-operation of the division commanders and of the staff officers of the corps. I ought especially to name Lieutenant Colonel H. W. perkins, assistant adjutant-general, whose industry, experience, and capacity in his department I found of especial value, and Lieutenant Colonel C. W. Asmussen, assistant inspector-general, who, in addition to his official duties, rendered me most valuable assistance in establishing the advanced lines and in constructing new defensive works. Captain S. E. Pittman, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers; Captain A. T. Mason, One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp, and First Lieutenant George Robinson, aide-de-camp, acted as my personal staff while in command of the corps. The reports of division commanders, which have already been forwarded, will give a list of the casualties and additional details of the movements and operations of their respective commands during the period covered by this report.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Cumberland.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 4, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the following number of casualties in my command for the month of July, 1864:

Killed. Wounded. Missing.

Command.	 Offic	 Men.	 Offic	 Men.	 Offic	 Men.	 Aggre

 ers.	 	 ers.	 	 ers.	 	 gate.

Headquarters	 ...	 ...	 ...	 2	 ...	 ...	 2

First	 11	 125	 37	 576	 ...	 34	 783

Division

Second	 5	 90	 24	 317	 9	 157	 602

Division

Third	 4	 95 	 25	 485	 ...	 11 	 620

Division

Total	 20	 310	 86	 1,380	 9	 202	 2,007

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff.

