
Numbers 216.

Report of Colonel John Flynn, Twenty- eighth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 28TH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VET. VOLS.,Atlanta, Ga., September 8, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with communication dated headquarters First Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, near Atlanta, Fa., August 11, 1864, I herewith transmit a condensed report of the part taken in the late arduous campaign by the regiment I have the honor to command. This brief record is a very imperfect expression of the patient endurance, the generous courage, and unfailing constancy of the officers and men engage, but may serve as date for the future.

On the advance of the Army of the Cumberland, breaking up of the cantonments of the Twentieth Army Corps lying along the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, the Twenty- eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteer Infantry left their camp at Bridgeport, Ala., on the 3rd day of May, 1864. Crossing the Tennessee River, the regiment marched to Rossville, even miles (Nickajack Cove). May 4, marched across Lookout Mountain ad bivouacked on the east side of the mountain, having marched twenty- two miles. May 5, march to Pea Vine Creek, eighteen miles. May 6, marched t Pea Vine Church, five miles. May 7, left Pea Vine Church and marched to near Gordon's Spring, a distance of fourteen miles. May 8, marched to Mill Creek Gap. At this place, called variously by the names of Dug Gap, Rocky Face Ridge, &amp;c., the regiment encountered the enemy. A fierce and obstinate engagement ensued, beginning at near 2 o'clock and ending with the twilight, in which the regiment sustained a loss of 43 in killed, wounded, and missing. We retired to a position covering the gap and near the battle- ground, which we occupied until May 12, when we moved to the right, passing through Snake [Creek] Gap without incident, a distance of eight miles. May 13, marched to near the Coosa River, a distance of four miles, and built breast- works on an eminence commanding the road leading from Resaca to Rome, Ga. May 14, near the Coosa, and in the afternoon, at 3 o'clock, moved toward the left wing of the army near Resaca, and bivouacked in line of battle at 11 p.m. May 15, received orders at 12 m. and marched in rear of the Sixty- sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. We marched between 500 and 600 yards, when we halted for about thirty minutes, when we again moved forward through a gap in a range of hills and formed line of battle about 300 yards from the enemy's breast- works, an, in connection with the Twenty- ninth ohio Volunteer Infantry, acted as provost guard, by order of Colonel Charles Candy, commanding First Brigade. At 1 p. m. we marched by the left flank to the left of the Resaca road, and lay in line of battle till 7 p. m., when the right wing of the regiment moved forward to the breast- works, where we remained till daylight o may 16, when it was ascertained that the enemy had field, at which time the regiment was ordered to be in readiness to move, and soon after took up the line of march with the brigade in full a distance o ten miles. We camped for the night at 6 p. m. May 17, marched in pursuit of the enemy a distance of seven miles; encamped at 7 p. m. May 18, continued the pursuit to near Adairsville a distance of sixteen miles, halting for the night at 8 p. m. May

