
19, marched to near Cassville, eight miles, where the forces rested until the morning of the 23d. Twenty days' rations were here put on the wagon train. May 23, marched twelve miles, to near Kingston, and encamped. May 24,[to] near Catersville, having marched twelve miles in pursuit of the enemy. May 25, marched at 7 a. m., crossed Pumpkin Vine Creek, and after marching one and a half miles formed line of battle as skirmishers in rear of the Seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, the center advancing on the main road, at distance of twenty paces in rear of Colonel McClelland's command, for about fifteen minutes, when the Twenty- eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers under orders, advanced to the front and engaged the enemy, whose skirmishers slowly gave way before us, retiring beyond the crest of the hill s in our front, which we speedily occupied and held until ordered t rejoin the brigade, which was busily engage in constructing breast- works. The Twenty- eighth was then deployed s as to protect the working parties, and a detail of sharpshooters, under Captain F. B. M. Bonsal, Company H, sent forward, but encountered the enemy in such force as to render the position of the entire regiment untenable, when it was withdrawn in good order and took position on the right of the Sixty- sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the works, and forming junction with the left of Major- General Butterfield's division, of the Twentieth Army Corps. In this action the regiment sustained a loss of 1 killed and 18 wounded, among whom was Captain C. S. Hartley, of Company K. At about 7 o'clock the advance again began, but a violent storm and the intense darkness prevented the proposed assault of the enemy, and the regiment lay on its arms during the night. May 26, under fire all day, and at 6.30 p. m. relieved the One hundred and forty- seventh Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry in the breast- works, where we remained until the night of the 27th. During this day we a 5 men wounded. In reserve until 8 p. m. of the 28th of May. May 29, marched to the left of the main road leading from Pumpkin Vine Creek, and took possession of the breast- works in the rear of the Fifth ohio Volunteer Infantry, where we remained until 8 p. m. of the 29th. We here relieved the Twenty- ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry and sent out skirmishers in our immediate front. At 10 p. m., as the second relief of skirmisher was taking post, the enemy made a sudden dash upon us, but were promptly punished for their temerity by a vigorous repulse. May 30 and 31, still in the breast- works, when we wee relieved by the One hundred and forty- seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers.

June 1, at 11 a. m. we were relieved by a brigade of the Fifteenth Army Corps, and moved one mile to the rear and halted one hour for dinner, and then marched about five miles in the direction of Marietta, where we bivouacked for the night. June 2, received orders to move, and at 12 m. move two miles and took up position in support of the Twenty- third Army Corps, where we remained until June 6, when we moved two miles to a position near Pine Knob. June 7, remained in camp until the 14th without incident. Reported death of the rebel General Polk. June 15, we advanced and occupied one line of the enemy's works,which he had vacated the night previous; at 5 p. m. we formed line of battle and charged the enemy, driving them into their works and holding a position within thirty- five yards of a lunette of four guns, but which were rendered useless by the vigor and resistance of our assault. This position we held during the night, an d at 6 a. m. we were relieved

