
by the Sixty- sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. In this action the Twenty- eighth Regiment sustained a loss of 47 in killed, wounded, and missing. June 16, lay in reserve all day. June 17, during the night it was discovered that the enemy were leaving, and with the first light of day we occupied their works, the foe retreating toward Marietta. We pursued the enemy, driving him three an d a half miles, the regiment being detached in support of the Thirteenth New york Battery. June 18, remained in camp near Kenesaw Mountain all day. June 19, advanced two mile, the enemy retreating toward Marietta; built breast- works in the evening. June 20, left camp at 5 p. m.; marched to the right a mile and a half; camped in the woods near Kenesaw Mountain. June 21, remaining in camp. June 22, left camp at 10 a. m., advanced one mile to an elevation on Kolb's farm and built breast- works; was not engaged until the 27th. June 27, the regiment participated in the battle for the possession of Kenesaw Mountain without slight loss. We advanced our line to a point in front of our first position. the fire of the enemy's artillery, although accurate, was not to us destructive; remained till the night of the 30th, and was relieved by the Fourteenth Army Corps. June 30, left camp at 8 p. m., marched four miles to the right, relieving the Twenty- third Army Corps, and encamped in their works near daylight.

On the morning of July 1 left the first line of breast- works an returned to the second line, being relieved by the one hundred and forty- seventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteer Infantry. July 2, regiment on picket until the morning of the 3rd without incident. July 3, it was ascertained that the enemy had retreated. We advanced rapidly; deployed as skirmishers, capturing several prisoners. Having occupied their work long enough to make coffee, advance d once more and came up with the enemy . Our artillery opened on them. We halted and bivouacked for the night after a hard day's work. July 4, lay in camp all day. The enemy was found to have evacuated their position on the night of the 4th of July. July 5, early in the morning we marched into a d through the enemy's works, and halted at about 4 p. m. The regiment went on picket and remained until relieved on the evening of the 6th by the Fifteenth Army Corps, and moved about four miles to the left, taking camp at about a mile and a half from the Chattahoochee River, where we remained until the 17th without any incident worthy of note. July 17, marched at 3 p. m., crossing the Chattahoochee River on pontoons about 9 p. m. and halted at near midnight, and on the 19th we marched forward again, crossing Peach Tree Creek about 6 p. m. Worked briskly during the night on our breast- works which were used well in the stirring battle of the 20th. On this eventful day we occupied a hill or ridge about a mile in front of the main line and were engaged in strengthening our position, when, at about 3 p m., the enemy appeared in heavy force in our front and a sanguinary battle immediately began, resulting in a temporary advantage to the enemy in his having achieved a position on our flank, from which we suffered considerable loss. But this lasted only for a brief space of time, our troops advancing and gallantly driving them back with terrible slaughter in their ranks. It is with regret that we have to record the fall of a gallant officer and accomplished gentleman, Lieutenant Isaiah B. Robinson, Company A, and Captain F. B. M. Bonsal, severely, and Second Lieutenant F. Mc-

