
Fall, slightly, wounded. Our loss in the regiment was 3 commissioned officers and 15 enlisted men killed, wounded,a nd missing. July 22, advanced on Atlanta, and formed part of the besieging force, carrying our lines up to within an easy range of the city, skirmishing and picketing until August 25, when the regiment was ordered to fall back to the Chattahoochee River, along which we remained on active duty until September 4, when we marched to Atlanta, and in common with the Twentieth Army Corps now occupy that city and its defenses.*

All of which is respectfully submitted.

JOHN FLYNN,

Colonel Twenty- eighth Pennsylvania Vet. Vols.

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant- General, First Brigade.

Numbers 217.

Report of Colonel Ario Pardee, jr., One hundred and forty- seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations May 1- August 4.
HDQRS. 147TH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VET. VOL. INFTY.,Atlanta, Ga., August 10, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with instructions, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken in the various engagements from the opening of the campaign until August 4, 1864:

In the action of Mill Creek Gap Sunday, May 8, 1864, the regiment was detailed to support McGill's (Pennsylvania) battery, and formed part of the command detached from the First Brigade, under Colonel John H. Patrick, Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. Its first position was in rear of the battery when posted on the rise of ground north and between the two branches of Mill Creek. When the battery took position at the base of Mill Creek ridge two companies, A and F, under command of Captain Jacob P. Kreider, were placed on the left of the battery as skirmishers, extending to the left and rear o the field hospital, facing toward the road leading to Buzzard Roost. The remainder of the regiment was held as a support for the bakery. When the troops were being withdrawn from the gap Geary, along Mill Creek, with the main reserve of the regiment near the principal ford, for the purpose of covering the crossing of the troops, where we remained until the evening of May 9, when we were relieved by Lieutenant- Colonel Randall, One hundred and forty- ninth New York Volunteers, and joined the brigade. There were no casualties in the regiment. At 10 p. m. May 9, orders were received to prepare for an attack, and the regiment was placed under arms and marched to a position on the left of the road leading from Mill Creek Gap to Snake Creek Gap, having on its left the One hundred and second New york Volunteers and on its right the Seventy- eighth new York Volunteers, being temporarily separated from the brigade, where a line of breast- works was thrown up. May 10 and 11 was spent in the above position. At 7 a. m.

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties accompanying this report shows 1 officer and 16 men killed, 8 officers and 173 men wounded, and 1 man missing; total, 199.

---------------

13 R R- VOL XXXVIII, PT II

