
the First Division, Twentieth Army Corps. While in this position we wee considerably annoyed by the sharpshooters of the enemy and by a piece of artillery immediately in our front of the left of the regiment. The latter, after several discharges, was moved and did not trouble us afterward. In this position we remained until 9 p. m., when I was ordered with my command to rejoin the brigade. The list of casualties has already been handed to you and I am really happy to state that they were few in number. In conclusion, I beg leave to state that the regiment was not hotly engaged though constantly under the fire of the enemy, and that all orders were obeyed and movements executed with zeal and rapidity, which was truly gratifying and for which I desire, through you, to thank the officers and men of my regiment. Monday, 16th, at daylight, the enemy having retreated during the preceding night, pursuit was made. The line of march was on a circuitous road leading to Calhoun, leaving Resaca to our right. We crossed the Connesauga and Coosawattee Rivers and bivouacked for the night on the south bank of the latter stream. At 1 p. m. of the 17th the line of march was taken up and we marched about six miles to a point a short distance southeast of Calhoun. On the 18th the regiment, with the balance of the brigade and division, marched to the foot of the range of hills known as the Gravelly Plateau, distant from Cassville about five miles. On the 19th the regiment formed part of a reconnaissance in force which was made of this plateau in the direction of the main road leading from Resaca to Cassville. At 12 m. the line of march was changed to a more southerly direction, and a point about two miles north of Cassville was gained. At 5 p. m a line of battle was formed and we marched into position on a range of hills, distant about three- quarters of a mile from the town. The brigade of General Harker, of the Fourth Army Corps, was on the right of the brigade; my regiment held the left of the brigade. In this position we remained until Monday, May 23, when the line of march was again taken up. The Etowah River was crossed this day and the regiment went into camp near Euharlee Creek. Tuesday, 24th, Bunrt Hickory was reached and the regiment went into camp for the night. The position of my regiment in column of march on the 25th was in rear of the brigade, following the Twenty- ninth Ohio Volunteer r Infantry. When the skirmishers of the brigade met the enemy and the command was ordered into line this regiment was placed on the right of the orad leading from Burnt Hickory to Dallas, having on its right the Sixty- sixth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and on its left the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. Skirmishers were at once thrown forward, who rapidly crossed the ravine in our immediate front, followed closely by the regiment. The skirmishers soon after gaining the crest of the hill encountered the enemy, when a brisk fire was opened and kept up for some time, the enemy, when a brisk fire was opened and kept up for some time, the enemy gradually falling back, followed by our skirmishers and the regiment. After having moved forward a distance of about 400 yards, the regiment, under the direction of the colonel commanding brigade, was ordered to retire to the crest of the hill over which we had passed and thrown up a barricade of logs. The skirmishers from this regiment were recalled, the Twenty- eighth Pennsylvania Volunteer having been deployed as skirmishers in font of the brigade. The position of this regiment with reference to the Fifth Ohio Volunteer infantry and Sixty- sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry remained as before, the works of this regiment connecting with that of the regiments on my right and left.

