
At about 2.30 p. m. the enemy advanced in force and drove the skirmishes behind the barricade. The skirmishers of the enemy advanced to within about 200 yards of our works and opened a scattering fire on us, which was kept up until about 3.30 p. m., when all firing ceased, the enemy having retired. At about 4.30 p. m. the First and Third Divisions, Twentieth Corps, moved through our lines to the front. At 5.30 p. m. the Third Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, advanced. Orders were soon after received to follow this brigade, keeping within supporting distance. The First and Third Divisions had, in the mean time, become hotly engaged. As we moved to the front in the direction of the actin we were subjected t quite a severe fire of shot, shell, and grape, which wounded quite a number of my command. I followed the Third Brigade closely, regulating the movements of my regiment by it as well as the darkness would permit. When Colonel Cobham, commanding Third Brigade, formed his line I stationed my regiment in his rear, with its left resting nearly on the road from Burnt Hickory to Dallas, but was unable to make close connection with the regiments of our brigade on my right and left. I remained in this position until the morning of the 26th, when I move forward to close a gap caused by the withdrawal of one of the regiments of the Third Brigade and reported my position to the colonel commanding brigade. On my right in this position was the One hundred and second Illinois Volunteers, Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps, and on my left was the One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, who had been moved up to fill a gap in the line. I afterward connected with these two regiments with breast- works. I remained in this position until 7 p. m., when I was relieved by the Twenty- eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers and moved into a ravine in rear of the line of works, where we remained until the evening of the 27th instant, when I relieved the Twenty- eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, taking the same position as that occupied on the 26th. A brisk discharge of pieces during the night and the next day (28th) was kept up on my right ad left, while on that portion of the line occupied by this regiment there was little firing. On this day the enemy opened a battery, throwing shot and shell briskly for a time, but did not injure any one of my regiment. At 7 p. m. I was relieved by the Twenty- ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry and moved to the rear, under cover of the ravine. In this position I remained until the evening of May 31, when I relieved the Twenty- eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, then occupying the breast- works.

June 1, a brisk fire was kept up in front of the entire line until 1.30 p. m., when I was relieved by the Forty- sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry and One hundred and third Illinois Volunteer Infantry, of the Fifteenth Army Corps. After being relieved I joined the brigade, then halted near the barricade thrown up on the 25th of May. At 4 p. m. we marched toward the left of the army and went into camp near where the Burnt Hickory and Golgotha road crosses the Allatoona road. June 2, moved about a mile and a half to support of the Twenty- third Army Corps, then on the Acworth road, and halted for the night. In this position we remained until June 6, when we marched to the junction of the Allatoona and Sandtown road with the road leading from Dallas to Big Shanty, in which position we remained until 11 a. m. June 14, when we took up our line of march in the direction of Pine Knob, camping close by, a distance of about a mile and a half. June 15, at 8 a. m. the brigade

