
moved from the bivouac of the preceding night. The position occupied by the regiment to- day in line of march was on the right of the brigade. After reaching the foot of Pine Knob the regiment was detailed as skirmishes. Four companies, A, B, F, and G, were deployed as skirmishers; the remainder of the regiment was held as a reserve. The skirmishers were moved forward under the immediate supervision of Lieutenant- Colonel Craig, One hundred and forty- seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, and in a line perpendicular to the old line of rebel works which the enemy had evacuated the previous night. My instructions from General Geary were to move forward in this direction and gradually to swing around my right. I was also ordered to drive the enemy from a hill on the right of my line,in front of a point from which it was supposed the Twenty- third Army Corps was advancing. The enemy were easily driven from this hill. The left of the line met with stubborn resistance. I then ordered another company to strengthen the left, and pressed the right rapidly around, making a complete left wheel. This brought the whole line in front of the rebel line of skirmishers, who were strongly posted behind well- constructed barricades of logs and stones. I reported the situation to the general commanding division, and also requested,if it was the intention to press the enemy, to send my re- enforcements, as alone my regiment was not strong enough to dislodge the enemy from their position, and besides that the ammunition had nearly all been expended. I received in reply orders to hold the ground I then occupied, as soon the entire division would advance. At 4 p. . the division reached us,when I received orders from General Geary to hold my position while the skirmishers of the Second and Third Brigades passed through the line, then recall my own skirmishers, and await further orders. At 5 p. m. I received orders from Colonel Candy, commanding brigade, to rejoin my brigade. I immediately moved the regiment by the left flank, and under the direction of Lieutenant Samuel Goodman, acting assistant inspector- general of the brigade, took up position on the left of the Sixty- sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. As there were no troops on my immediate left, I refused for companies of the left wing of my regiment and deployed one company as skirmishers to the left to guard the left flank. During hot fire of the enemy from their works, distant about 250 yards. So well protected were they that I could not return the fire to any advantage, ad besides the stock of ammunition on hand was so small that I did not deem it prudent to fire except when execution could certainly be done. I therefore ordered the men to lie down in their places. In this position we remained until dark, when I was relieved by the Third Wisconsin Volunteer, First Division, Twentieth Army Corps, Colonel Hawley commanding. I withdrew the regiment about 200 yards and took up position for the night. During the night the whole regiment, by details, was placed on fatigue duty, assisting Major Symmes, commanding Fifth Ohio Volunteer infantry, in constructing defenses. At daylight on the 16th I relieved the Sixty- sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, then occupying a partially constructed earth- work. This was finished during the day under fire from the enemy of both artillery and musketry. At daylight on the 17th we moved forward and occupied the works from which the enemy had retreated during the night. The brigade being this day in reserve, the regiment did not take an active part in the action

