
which resulted in the evacuation of the works occupied by the enemy on the banks of Muddy Creek. Late in the afternoon my regiment, in conjunction with the Sixty- sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, moved to the support of he Second Brigade, ten holding a position near the rebel works, the above- mentioned creek and a deep ravine intervening between the lines. On the morning of the 19th, it having been found that the enemy had retreated the previous night, the regiment, with the brigade, took up the line of march, its position in line being on the right. After moving about two miles the enemy was found in position at Nyes' Creek. At this place, as usual, another line of works was constructed. The details from the regiment for the skirmish line at this place were heavy, each regiment skirmishing its own front. The firing from the skirmishers was heavy, the lines being in close proximity to each other. This day Lieutenant Parks, Company H, had charge of the skirmishers from my regiment,and praise is due him for the manner in which he conducted the work assigned him and the judgment shown in the selection of position for his skirmish pits.
On the 20th we remained in the position of the previous day until 5 p. m. Captain Samuel F. McKee, Company H, in charge of the skirmishers of the regiment, was this day accidentally shot ad mortally wounded by one of the men of his command. Death ended his sufferings the day following. His loss is a great one to the regiment and to the service. Always faithful and punctual in the discharge of his duties in the camp and in the field,he had gained the confidence and respect of his brother officers, who feel that they have lost in him a true friend and an officer deserving a more glorious fate. His meritorious conduct in this and previous campaigns entitled him to the high appreciation in which he was held by all who knew him. At 5 p. m., after having been relieved by the Third Brigade, Third Division, Fourth Army Corps,the brigade marched to a position between the First and Third Divisions on the Dallas and Marietta road, and the regiment with the balance of the brigade was placed on picket duty to fill up the gap between the divisions above mentioned. Tuesday, June 21, was spent in throwing up a line of works parallel to the above- mentioned road. Wednesday, June 22, my regiment with the Sixty- sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, this morning advanced about a mile to relieve the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers and the One hundred and thirty- seventh New York Volunteers,then holding a hill near the Powder Springs road, taken from the enemy the at morning. This position we occupied and held until Monday, June 27, when the regiment with the balance of the division moved forward a short distance in order to cover the right flank of an assaulting column, composed of portions of the Fourth and Fourteenth Army Corps. In this position we remained until the evening of June 30, when, after having been relieved by a regiment of Colonel Este's brigade, of the Fourteenth Army Corps, we marched on the Powder Springs road to the position held by the Twenty- fifth Michigan Volunteers, of the 	Twenty- third Army Corps, reaching this point at 3.30 a. m. July 1.

July 1, 1864, was spent in remodeling the works to protect the men from the severe fire of the enemy's skirmishers, and the better to resist an attack, if one was made. The balance of the brigade having been withdrawn to better works a short distance in the rear, my regiment was detailed to perform picket duty for the brigade. At 6 p. m. July 2 my regiment was relieved from picket duty by the Twenty-

