
eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers and the Twenty- ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and moved my regiment into the works for merly occupied by them. Sunday, July 3, the brigade moved at daylight in pursuit of the enemy, who had retreated the previous night. Companies A and F, under charge of Captain Jacob P. Kreider, Company F, One hundred and forty- seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, were detailed as skirmishers from my regiment. In the afternoon of this day I was sent with my regiment to hold the junction of a road leading from Marietta to Atlanta with a road leading from Sandtown to Marietta, near White's Mill. Here I remained until the morning of July 4, when, in obedience to orders, I rejoined the brigade, then located on the road leading from Marietta to Turner's Ferry, where it crossed the north branch of Nickajack Creek. July 4, at 4 p. . I relieved with my regiment the pickets of the First Division, Twentieth Army Corps, and made connection on my right with the Second Brigade, Second Division Twentieth Army Corps, and on my left with those of the Firs t Division, Fourteenth Army Corps. During the night I advanced the picket- line to within 200 yards of the enemy's picket- line, as directed by the general commanding division. July 5, the enemy having retreated, pursuit was made early in the morning, following the road leading to Turner's Ferry. The enemy was found in position behind strong works, forming a tete- de- pont covering the ferries and fords from Turner's Ferry to Pace's Ferry, north of the railroad bridge. We went into position on a ridge on the north bank of the Nickajack Creek, confronting the enemy. Wednesday, July 6, we moved across Nickajack Creek, retracing our steps to the road leading from Sandtown to Marietta and bivouacked for the night, the Fifteenth Army Corps having taken up our position and relieved us. Thursday, July 7, we marched by a circuitous route to the right of the Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps, the right of the brigade resting on Nickajack Creek near the position we had left the day previous. May regiment was the second in line, on the left of the Sixty- sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. In this position we remained until Sunday, July 17, when we marched across the Chattahoochee River at Pace's Ferry and went into position on Johnson's farm, about two miles and a half from the river, near Nancy's Creek, on a road leading to Buck Head. July 18, marched in the directing of Buck Head, crossing Nancy's Creek, and went into position near the junction of the Howell's Mill road and Buck Head and Pace's Ferry road. At this place a temporary line of works was thrown up during the night. July 19, the regiment crossed Peach Tree Creek north of Howell's Mill, and bivouacked on a small height on the south side of the creek, and spent the night in fortifying the position. At 8 a. m. July 20 the brigade moved forward, my regiment being second in line, the Fifth Ohio Volunteers having the right. After crossing a deep ravine and ascending a hill the skirmish line was reached. I then, under direction of Colonel Candy, commanding brigade, formed line of battle and threw up substantial barricade of rails. In my front was a small belt of woods, through which ran a road connecting the Howell's Mill road with the Buck Head road, and in front of this

