
Numbers 177.

Reports of Major General Henry W. Slocum, U. S. Army, commanding Twentieth Army Corps, of operations August 25-September 8.

ATLANTA, GA., September 3, 1864.

We entered Atlanta yesterday at 11 a. m. The enemy had left, with the exception of some cavalry. They marched on the McDonough road. They destroyed 80 cars loaded with ammunition; also some engines. We captured 3 engines, We captured 3 engines, a few cars, 11 pieces of artillery, 500 small-arms, and about 50 prisoners. We now hold the works of the enemy in strong force, and are safe at the bridge.

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General.

General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Atlanta, Ga., September 3, 1864.

GENERAL: I sent out a reconnoitering party early on the morning of the 2nd (as I had done on each previous day). They arrived near Atlanta about 10 a. m., and were met by the mayor, and the city was surrendered to them. On entering, however, a portion of Ferguson's cavalry were found in the city and a few shots were exchanged with them. I at once moved forward all of my command that could safely be spared from the bridge-heads and occupied the city, and noe feel our position is safe, both at this point as well as at the bridges. we occupy the entire line of rebel works at this place. we have captured about 100 prisoners, 14 pieces of artillery, and several thousand stand of small-arms. The rebels before leaving the city destroyed 7 locomotives, 81 cars loaded with ammunition, small-arms, and stores. The railroad is repaired and in working order to this place. I have ordered the ammunition and a large portion of the subsistence stores now at the bridge to be sent here. The enemy that occupied the city moved out apparently very much demoralized. They moved on the McDonough road with the intention of joining their main army. General Hood left here on the night previous to our entrance. On our arrival here I telegraphed to the war Department all the information in my possession. The telegraph line will be completed to this point this afternoon. It is reported that Wheeler has cut the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad at Tantalon, and also the Nashville and Huntsville Railroad.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.

(Forwarded by General Thomas to General Sherman September 4, 1864.)
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Atlanta, Ga. September 19, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor of inclosing herewith the reports of the division, brigade, and regimental commanders of this corps, of the operations of their respective commands during the recent cam-

