
road was a small stream, a branch of Emory's Creek; farther in advance, and directly in my front, was a large corn- field; to my right, and connecting with me, were the works of the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry; on my left was an open field. We remained quietly in this position until 3 p. m. In the mean time Bakery E, Pennsylvania Artillery, commonly known as Knap's battery, was placed in position. Four pieces were placed in the line of my regiment and two on the left. There was also placed in position Captain Bundy's (Thirteenth New York) battery. Four pieces of this battery were posted in the right wing of my regiment. The remainder of the battery was placed in position i the line of the Fifth ohio Volunteer Infantry. On the right of the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry the remaining regiment of the brigade were placed in position on the crest of the ridge and parallel with the road previously mentioned. The skirmishers had during this time taken and wee holding a height to the front and right of my regiment. The Thirty- third New Jersey Volunteers, Second Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, were ordered out to this hill to throw up a temporary work and occupy the position. They were soon driven from the hill, as also were the skirmishers, and the enemy i heavy force was seen following them rapidly and closely. At the same time the enemy made their appearance in the corn- field in large numbers, advancing rapidly and in excellent orders. This column soon came within rifle range, when I directed fire from my regiment to be opened on them. The artillery opened at the same time. The lines of the enemy were broken and they were soon compelled to seek cover in the woods from which they had advanced in such good order a short time previous. The lines of battle of the enemy on my right had pressed forward with such vigor as to drive back all the regiments on my right. So slight was the effort to resist them that I was not aware that there was any severe fighting in that direction, but the disorganized masses of men as they rushed by the right of my line told a fearful tale. The men seemed to be panic- stricken, and I regret t say that there was manifested a lack of energy, coolness, and determination on the part of the officers which was truly deplorable. It was impossible to stop any organized body of men. Repeated efforts were made by myself and by Major Reynolds, chief of artillery, Twentieth Army Corps, to organize a sufficient number of men to form a short line perpendicular to my right in order to cover the limbers and caissons in the rear of my regiment. In justice to Captain Robert Kirkup, Fifth ohio Volunteer Infantry, I should state that he was the only commanding officer of a regiment who manifested any determination to check the men in going to the rear, and who succeeded in rallying any portion of his regiment in the position desired. Under direction of Major Reynolds a section of Bundy's battery was turned on the advancing enemy. This, with the fire of musketry brought to beat from the right of my regiment and from the men who had been gathered together and stationed on my right, effectually held the enemy in check. At this time a portion of the enemy had gained the ravine direction in such force as to seriously endanger the batteries. Finally aid was brought by Maj Reynolds, who led the Sixtieth New York Volunteers and placed them in position on my right. The two pieces of artillery which had been abandoned on my right

