
Numbers 218.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John Craig, One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations August 5-September 8.
HDQRS. 147TH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VOL. INFTY.,Atlanta, Ga., September 10, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report, in compliance with instructions received, of the part taken by the One hundred and forty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers from the 5th day of August, at which time I was placed in command, Colonel Pardee having taken command of the brigade:

We occupied a line of works near Atlanta, the right connected with the First Division (Sixty-first Ohio Volunteers) and the left with the Twenty-ninth Ohio Volunteers, of his brigade. We remained in this position until the night of the 25th of August, occasionally being called under arms from the heavy skirmishing, both in front of the Fourth Corps and the First Division of this corps. On the 25th day of August we struck tents at 8.30 p. m. and moved very quietly from our works toward Pace's Ferry, Chattahoochee River, which place we reached at 5 a. m. on the 26th instant. After breakfast we moved down on the east side of the river, taking up a position about half way between Place's Ferry and the railroad crossing. Two companies, B and G, took positions on commanding hills in front of the main line, throwing up works. The balance of the regiment was placed on the extreme right of the division and brigade, in the main line, where they constructed fortifications. On the morning of the 28th four more companies were ordered to the front, near the position occupied by Companies B and G. The principal part of the day was spent in cutting down timber. On the morning of the 29th the balance of the regiment was brought forward and put into line, where we put up a very strong line of works about 300 yards long, the Twenty-ninth Ohio Volunteers joining us on the left. Here we remained until the morning until the morning of September 4, when orders were received to strike tents, as the brigade was ordered to Atlanta. We took up line of march at 9.30 a. m., reaching the city at 1 p. m. Here we were put into a line of works built by the enemy on the west side of the city, which we occupy at present. Accompanying please find a report of casualties from August 4 to and inclusive of September 4, 1864.*

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN CRAIG,

Lieutenant Colonel 147th Regiment Pennsylvania Vols., Commanding

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 219.

Reports of Colonel Adolphus Buschbeck, Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations May 4-22.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 20TH CORPS,Near Resaca, Ga., May 14, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that my command broke camp in Lookout Valley, May 4, and marched at about 4 p. m.,

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 officer and 2 privates wounded.

---------------

