
fifty-fourth New York Volunteers, Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Seventy-third Pennsylvania Volunteers were moved to the support of the One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers; the One hundred and nineteenth New York Volunteers formed line to the left of that position. The Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers having reported, was assigned a position in the rear of the One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers. At this time orders were received to advance again, and, if possible, dislodge the enemy. For this purpose four companies of the Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers were thrown to the left of the One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers to extend its line. The nature of the ground, as before, prevented much regularity of movements, but the officers and men rushed forward impetuously, determined to carry the heights, and so far succeeded that the greater part of the advance gained the crest, but the enemy having every advantage of position poured in a fire so destructive that after a brief struggle the line was again forced back to its last position. Here the several regiments held the ground, keeping up an irregular fire until about 7 o'clock, when, in obedience to orders received from the division commander, the several regiments retired to the base of the mountain. During the action six regiments of the brigade only were engaged, the One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers having been detached two days previously as guard for the train. I cannot too highly recommend to you the heroic behavior of Lieutenant Colonel A. H. Jackson, One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers, who, although opposed by an overwhelming force of the enemy, held his position with firmness. Lieutenant Colonel E. Fourat's (Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers) coolness and bravery inspired the officers and men of his regiment to noble deeds. Colonel Lockman, Lieutenant-Colonel Allen, and Major Cresson did honor to their country. They were always to be found where the engagement was the hottest. Captain Davis, of your staff, did handsomely at the head of the re-enforcements he brought to my right. Cols. P. H. Jones and G. W. Mindil, although unwell, were with their commands and deserve great praise. High praise also is due to the officers of my staff-Captain C. C. Brown, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain Courtois, provost-marshal; Lieutenant T. H. Lee, acting aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant J. L. Harding, acting assistant inspector-general-in conveying my orders promptly to the very front of the skirmish line and exposing themselves regardless of danger to the fire of the enemy. It is with deep regret that I announce the death of Captain Henry C. Bartlett and Lieutenant Joseph L. Miller, Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers. They were killed while gallantly leading their men in the last assault. Captain Edwin Forrest, One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers, is reported fatally wounded. Captain James R. Sanford, Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, was severely wounded and has since had a leg amputated. All were officers of gallantry and merit, whose loss will by deeply felt in their several commands. Colonel P. H. Jones and Captain C. P. Vedder, One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers; Lieutenant Moses Baldwin, One hundred and nineteenth New York Volunteers, and Lieutenant Sidney R. Smith, Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, were slightly wounded, but I trust will soon be able to rejoin their commands. The casualties of regiments engaged are as follows: Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, 1 enlisted man killed and 5 enlisted men wounded; Seventy-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, 1 enlisted man killed, 30 enlisted men

