
wounded, and 10 enlisted men missing; One hundred and nineteenth New York Volunteers, 1 commissioned officer and 12 enlisted men wounded, and 1 enlisted man missing; One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers, 11 enlisted men killed, 1 commissioned officer and 23 enlisted men wounded; One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers, 8 enlisted men killed, 2 commissioned officers and 41 enlisted men wounded, and 7 enlisted men missing; Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, 2 commissioned officers killed, 2 commissioned officers and 25 enlisted men wounded, and 3 enlisted men missing; total, 2 officers and 25 enlisted men killed, 6 officers and 136 enlisted men wounded, 21 enlisted men missing.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully,

A. BUSCHBECK,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain THOMAS H. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 20TH CORPS,Near Cassville, Ga., May 22, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report:

After the battle of Mill Creek Gap, on the 8th instant, the command encamped at the foot of the mountain. The day following, the 9th instant, the brigade moved into the woods and encamped, remaining there the 10th and 11th instant, throwing up breast-works and doing picket duty. May 12, marched at 7 a. m. through Snake Creek Gap and bivouacked. May 13, moved forward in the direction of Resaca, and at night, about 9 o'clock, bivouacked behind breast-works on the left of the road, forming the left of the division. The brigade remained in this position until the next afternoon, when the regiments were disposed so as to occupy the whole of the breast-works previously held by the whole division, the other two brigades having moved to another position. Between 10 and 11 p. m. the brigade marched, and about 3 a. m. on the 15th instant took position in the rear of the division. At 10 a. m. the command moved forward against the enemy, who occupied a strong position on the crest of several hills, and well fortified by rifle-pits; about 1.30 p. m. formed in three lines of battle and moved forward, the Third Division in advance, driving the enemy from the first three lines of rifle-pits. The column halted and reformed at the base of the third hill. The One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers, Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, One hundred and nineteenth New York Volunteers, and One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers forming the first line. The One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers, Seventy-third and Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, held the line of works immediately in rear of the first column. The four regiments mentioned above received orders direct from Major-General Hooker to advance and take a battery in their front. Colonel Lockman, One hundred and nineteenth New York Volunteers, being the senior officer in command, took command of that portion of the brigade. The detachment moved forward over a line of breast-works from which the enemy had been driven, and over the works and down the slope. The men charged up the hill under a severe enfilading fire, some of the men entering the battery. I respectfully refer you to the report of Colonel Lockman for further information in regard to the movements of these four regiments.

