
Colonel Cobham, commanding Third Brigade, having been placed in command of the line by order of General Hooker, these regiments remained with him until late in the evening. The One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers and Twenty-seventh and Seventy-third Pennsylvania Volunteers remained in their position until about 9 p. m., when they were sent out to relieve troops in front and to assist in removing the four pieces of artillery which had been commanded by our troops since the assault. The regiments remained chiefly engaged at this work and throwing up rifle-pits until the desired object had been attained, when the whole brigade took position in the line of breast-works held previously, they having been relieved by other troops. Officers commanding regiments of this brigade-Colonel J. T. Lockman, One hundred and nineteenth New York Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel A. Riedt, Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel A. H. Jackson, One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel E. Fourat, Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers; Major C. C. Cresson, Seventy-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers; Major L. D. Warner, One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers, and Captain F. L. Gimber, One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers-behaved with coolness and bravery, and all officers and men sustained their previous reputations for gallantry and soldierly qualities. It is with sorrow that I announce the death of Lieutenant Colonel Edward F. Lloyd, One hundred and nineteenth New York Volunteers, who fell mortally wounded while gallantly leading his men to the assault on the battery. Captain N. K. Bray, Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, was wounded in the thigh, and Lieutenant Charles A. Ahreets, acting adjutant One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers, was slightly wounded in the head, and has since returned to his regiment. Losses in the regiments are as follows: Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, 4 enlisted men slightly wounded, 1 enlisted man missing; Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, 2 enlisted men killed, 1 commissioned officer and 24 men wounded, 1 missing; One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers, 4 enlisted men wounded; One hundred and nineteenth New York Volunteers, 1 commissioned officer killed, 12 enlisted men wounded and 1 missing; One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, 1 enlisted man killed and 7 wounded; Seventy-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, 5 wounded; One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers, 1 commissioned officer and 11 enlisted men wounded. May 16, the enemy having retreated during the night, the brigade moved at 8 a. m., fording the Oostenaula River. The One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers was here detached to proceed to Fields' Ferry to procure boats. The Coosawattee River was crossed in boats at Bryant's Ferry, the command bivouacking on Bryant's farm. May 17, marched at 1 p. m. and encamped on Peters' farm, near the forks of the Calhoun and Adairsville roads. May 18, moved at 5 a. m., halting for the First Division to pass, and bivouacked on the Kingston road. May 19, moved at 6.15 a. m. in the direction of Cassville, crossing Two-Run Creek, and went into camp about two miles from that place, where the brigade is now encamped.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BUSCHBECK,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain THOMAS H. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

