
Numbers 220.

Report of Colonel John T. Lockman, One hundred and nineteenth New York Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations May 22-June 7.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 20TH CORPS,In the Field, near Allatoona Creek, Ga., June 12, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report pursuant to orders from headquarters Second Division, Twentieth Corps:

I assumed command of the Second Brigade on the 22nd of May, 1864. May 23, the brigade moved at 6 a. m. toward and across the Etowah River and bivouacked. May 24, marched at 6 a. m. in the direction of Burnt Hickory, passing through that place and went into camp about one mile beyond. May 25, marched at 6.15 a. m. toward and across Pumpkin Vine Creek; had proceeded about one mile and a half in the direction of Dallas when the advance of our division was suddenly attacked. The brigade was formed in support of the First-Brigade at right angles with the road leading to Dallas-the One hundred and nineteenth New York Volunteers and One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers right of road, Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers in support; Seventy-third Pennsylvania Volunteers and One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers left of the road, One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers in support. Remained in this position for one hour. The Third Brigade came up and formed on left of road and parallel thereto. The brigade then formed in continuation of line of the Third Brigade. At 6 p. m. formed line of battle at right angles with the road, four regiments on right and two on left of road, and moved forward to the attack, the Third Brigade in advance, First Brigade forming second line, Second Brigade third line. After moving in line about one mile and a half, the last half mile under a severe fire of musketry and canister, it became so dark that it was impossible to proceed farther. The line was therefore halted, retaining the position gained. May 26, at daylight the Third Brigade moved to the right of the position held by them during the night, leaving a gap which I filled with the One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, who built breast-works and held the position until a charge in the line was made, which, when completed, brought the Third Brigade on the right, Second Brigade in the center, and the First Brigade on tho left. This position was held during the 27th, 28th, 29th, 30th, and 31st instant.

At noon on June 1 were relieved by Colonel Walcutt's brigade, of the Fifteenth Corps, and then moved to the left about four miles and went into camp. June 2, at 11.30 a. m. moved two miles farther to the left, in rear of the Twenty-third Corps. Remained in this position during the 3d, 4th, and 5th instant. June 6, marched at 6 a. m. in the direction of Big Shanty, crossing Allatoona Creek, and went into camp near that place, about three and a half miles from Acworth, where the brigade remained June, 7, 1864. From the night of May 25 until noon of June 1 this command was constantly under fire. I cannot speak in too high terms of the gallant conduct of both officers and men during this time. Hardly a night passed but that they were under arms and at all times required to be on the alert, besides performing heavy fatigue duty in throwing up breast-works

