
and strengthening their position in front of the First Brigade. I regret to announce the death of Captain Charles J. Field, Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, who died from the effects of wounds received May 28. He was an officer of great promise, and his loss will be deeply felt by his command. Lieutenants C. L. Barnhart and D. P. Horton, One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers, and Lieutenant Robert Moore, One hundred and nineteenth New York Volunteers, were slightly wounded.

The casualties in the brigade were as follows: Seventy-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, 14 enlisted men wounded; One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers, 2 commissioned officers and 9 enlisted men wounded; Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, 1 commissioned officer and 5 enlisted men killed, 27 enlisted men wounded; One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, 2 enlisted men killed and 16 enlisted men wounded; One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers, 5 enlisted men wounded; One hundred and nineteenth New York Volunteers, 1 commissioned officers and 8 enlisted men wounded, 1 enlisted man missing; total, 1 commissioned officer and 7 enlisted men killed, 3 commissioned officers and 79 enlisted men wounded, 1 enlisted man missing.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN T. LOCKMAN,

Colonel 119th New York Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain THOMAS H. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 221.

Report of Colonel Patrick H. Jones, One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations June 7-August 1.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 20TH CORPS,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit, for the information of the brigadier-general commanding, the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the present campaign from the 7th day of June until the date hereof:

On the 7th day of June, 1864, I assumed command and found the brigade in position, forming the center of the division, upon the road leading southwest from Acworth, and about four miles distant, on a plantation known as Widow Hull's farm, in the following order from left to right: One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers, One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, Seventy-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers, and One hundred and nineteenth New York Volunteers, in one line, intrenched, the Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers in reserve. This position was maintained until the 14th, when the brigade moved into position in front of Pine Mountain, and in rear of works erected by the Fourth Army Corps, where we bivouacked for the night. The enemy having evacuated his position on Pine Mountain on the night of the 14th, I was ordered to advance with the brigade and take position about a mile and a half in advance and to the right of Pine

