
paign. The corps was under the command of Major General Joseph Hooker from the commencement of the campaign till July 27. A report of its operations during this period will probably be forwarded to you by General Hooker. I have sent to him duplicates of the inclosed papers. Brigadier General A. S. Williams was in command of the corps from July 27 to August 27. I inclose his report for that period.

The corps marched from its position near Atlanta during the night of August 25 and took position on the Chattahoochee River, covering the railroad bridge and the fords at Pace's and Turner's Ferries, the First Division near the bridge, the Second at Pace's Ferry, and the Third at Turner's. From the 27th of August till September 1 the troops were engaged in constructing works, strengthening their positions, and reconnoitering parties were sent out daily to observe the movements of the enemy in Atlanta. On the night of September 1 heavy explosions were heard in the direction of Atlanta, and a force was at once ordered from each division to make a reconnaissance in this direction. The command from the Third Division, under Colonel Coburn, on approaching the city, was met by the mayor, who made a formal surrender of the town to him, and informed Colonel Cuburn that the enemy had evacuated during the previous night; that the only troops then in the city consisted of a force of cavalry under General Ferguson. On entering the city a few shots were exchanged between our troops and this body of cavalry. About 100 prisoners were taken. I at once moved forward seven brigades of my command and occupied the works of the enemy. The enemy left in his works and in the city 20 pieces of artillery and several hundred small-arms. He destroyed 6 locomotives, 81 cars loaded with ammunition, small-arms, and stores.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Cumberland.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Atlanta, Ga., September 5, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward the consolidated casualty report of this command for the month of August, 1864:

Killed. Wounded. Missing.

Command.	 Offic	 Men.	 Offic	 Men.	 Offic	 Men.	 Aggre

 ers.	 	 ers.	 	 ers.	 	 gate.

First	 ...	 10	 2	 60	 ...	 2	 74

Division

Second	 ...	 5	 3	 18	 ...	 3	 29

Division

Third	 1	 22	 3	 96 	 ...	 6	 128

Division

Artillery	 ...	 2	 ...	 7	 ...	 ...	 9

Brigade

Total	 1	 39	 8	 181	 ...	 11	 240

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

