
and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers, Seventy-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, and One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, the left uniting with a brigade of the Third Division, the right with the Third Brigade of the Second Division. Skirmishers were deployed near the bank of the creek and intrenchments hastily erected. The banks and ridges on either side of the stream were of equal height, and the men greatly exposed to the fire of the enemy. During the night, by direction of the division commander, I ordered the brigade to the crest of the hill, and took a more eligible position for offensive purposes, and intrenched it securely, two regiments of the First Brigade, ordered to our support, occupying our late position. Continual skirmishing occurred between the pickets, in which many valuable officers and men were disabled.

On the morning of the 18th, suspecting that the enemy, had evacuated his position, a line of skirmishers from the One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers was advanced, and the general commanding division, being informed of this change, immediately came to the brigade and ordered the advance of a regiment in support of the skirmishers. The enemy having really abandoned the works, the balance of the One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers were sent in support under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Jackson, the other regiments of the brigade moving with the division along the-road to a point about three miles farther in advance, when the division went into position upon the right of the First Division. The Second Brigade encamped in column as reserve and support to Knap's battery, where we remained in bivouac during the night. On the following morning the brigade was ordered to relieve the Third Brigade, in position on the right of the division on the Marietta road, and join the division, which had preceded us the preceding day. Here we remained during the night of the 21st, having intrenched upon our arrival. On the morning of the 22nd we moved forward on a range of hills about a mile and a half to our front and to a place known as Gur's farm, and near the Kenesaw range of mountains. During our advance slight skirmishing took place between our skirmishers and those of the enemy. The division here went into position, at that time forming the center of the corps. A space, however, between our division and the First was vacant, or covered only by the skirmishers arriving before the main body. I was ordered to place the brigade in this gap, the left resting on the Third Brigade, the right extending to a little knoll, upon which Wheeler's battery was posted. While the brigade was en route to the indicated position the enemy furiously attacked General Williams, advancing in force, driving in his pickets, and engaging the main body. The pickets of the First Division being thus driven in, exposed the flank of ours. But the fury of the rebel charge spent itself on General Williams, and was bloodily repulsed. Simultaneous with attack upon General Williams' main line the brigade arrived at its destination, and one-half of the command stood to arms during the fight while the other carried loose timber, rails, &amp;c., erecting a slight cover for our front, which was subsequently strengthened. The enemy did not attack our main line, but assaulted the pickets very fiercely. They, however, held their line, although the pickets of the First Division were driven in, and their flank exposed to an enfilading fire. After the repulse of the rebels connection was again formed between the pickets of the respective divisions. The losses in the brigade were confined to the skirmish

