
which afterward became the principal site of the engagement of that day. The brigade was conducted by Lieutenant H. F. Sherwood, of the division staff. Upon arriving there I reported with the brigade to General Geary, who then directed me to form in double line at supporting distance from the First Brigade, the left to rest near the open field afterward occupied by the Third Division during the operations of the day. The ground was cut by a dry ravine running through the position of the brigade from front to rear, so that when the line was formed, as directed, both banks were occupied. The brigade was formed in the following order: On the left of the first line the Seventy-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, the One hundred and nineteenth New York Volunteers in the center, and the One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers on the right; second line, the Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers on the left, the One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers in the center, and the One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers on the right. There was slight skirmishing during the forenoon in front of the division, attracting no particular attention. About 2 p. m. I received orders from the division commander to send the largest regiment of the brigade to a knoll in front of the First Brigade, and about 1,000 yards distant, to drive in the skirmishers of the enemy and establish itself upon the knoll and intrench the position. I accordingly ordered the Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers forward and accompanied it myself to the place indicated. The skirmishers of the division drove the skirmishers of the enemy to a morass or boggy stream at the foot of the knoll designated. After crossing this stream the Thirty-third cleared the woods in its line of march until reaching the crest of the knoll. The general commanding the division arrived upon the ground soon after and designated the line to be occupied by that regiment. The regiment immediately commenced its works. About a quarter of an hour after its arrival and assuming position the enemy advanced in strong force, his line extending far to the right and left of the regiment, the dense woods and undergrowth concealing the strength and extent of the enemy's line, and preventing the regiment from realizing in time the danger which threatened it. When within easy range the Thirty-third opened fire, but, powerless to resist the advance of the enemy, fell back toward the main body. It preceded the enemy but a few yards. The engagement now became general. The enemy striking the First Brigade, but finding no troops on its immediate right or left to oppose him, swung his left forward, taking the regiments of the Second Brigade, in position on the right of the ravine, in front and flank, and sweeping them on in his impetuous advance until, encountering the division of General Williams, just moving into position upon our right, his farther advance was stayed. The regiments of the Second Brigade rallied and formed line again to the left of the First Division, and connected with the other troops of the Second. This position was indicated by Major-General Hooker. I was ordered by him to occupy and intrench this line, and sent notice of this order to the general commanding the division. The regiments occupying this part of the line were posted as follows: The Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers on the right and joining the First Division, the One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers, One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers, and One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers to its left, the latter uniting its left with the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania

