
Veteran Volunteers. The readiness and alacrity with which these regiments reformed their line under heavy fire and turned upon the enemy, after having been swept from their original position as presenting but an insignificant obstacle to the advance of the rebel hosts, does credit to their discipline and steady valor. In the mean time the regiments of the brigade occupying the left of the ravine, the One hundred and nineteenth New York Volunteers and Seventy-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, charged their front to the right, so as to confront the enemy sweeping past their flank and moving on the First Division, their left uniting with the First Brigade. The batteries of the division, Captain Bundy's (Thirteenth New York Independent), and Knap's (Pennsylvania) battery, also occupied this position, causing great havoc in the rebel line as it assaulted ours, and by the steady valor of the gunners, under the intelligent direction of the officers, greatly influenced the fortunes of the day. At the close of the day the enemy, being bloodily repulsed, withdrew his main line behind the hill in our front to the position from which he had moved upon us. That night and the following morning details from the brigade were sent out to pick up our wounded and bury the dead in our front. In this position we remained during the day of the 21st and until the morning of the 22d, when we moved forward upon Atlanta, taking position upon an eminence within about two miles of the city, and throwing forward skirmishers half a mile farther to the front. On the 25th our skirmishers were advanced still farther toward the city, and the entire division advance to a more commanding position and near the main works of the enemy, strong earth-works having been previously constructed by his as well as the other brigades of the division. The casualties on the 20th instant in this brigade were, [27] enlisted men killed, [8] commissioned officers and [50] enlisted men wounded, and [6] commissioned officers and [73] enlisted men missing. A complete list is attached, marked Schedule B.

At the date of this report the brigade still occupies the position to which it moved on the 25th. This report, compiled from rough notes and memoranda of my own simply, and in the absence of the sub-reports of regimental commanders, I am conscious is very defective. Many instances of conspicuous gallantry and deserving conduct remain without mention; indeed, many gallant affairs pertaining only to a part of the command are necessarily passed over in silence, while the affair of Mud Creek, June 18 and 19, amounting almost to a general fight, and the advance of the brigade upon the rebels' position at the foot of Kenesaw Mountain, on the 27th, and the subsequent two days upon which this command held that position, are only casually mentioned as connecting the narrative of this eventful campaign. The uniform gallantry of the brigade almost precludes the singling out of any officers or enlisted man for special mention where all behaved so admirably. The Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, at the commencement of the campaign comparatively new to field service, acquitted itself with all the steady and tenacious bravery peculiar to the veterans of the State, and reflects great credit upon the accomplished officer who disciplined and trained it. It is worthy of the brave and veteran soldier who led it over so many well-contested fields, and of full participation in the honors pertaining to the White Stat Division. To the regiment commanders-Lieutenant Colonel E. Fourat, Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers; Major C. C. Cresson,

