
road, and encamped at Harrison's farm. May 6, resumed the march at 5 a. m. and halted near Pea Vine Church. May 7, marched at 5 a. m., crossing Taylor's Ridge, passed through Gordon's Spring, and bivouacked in the line of battle on the Rome road, near Buzzard Roost. May 8, broke camp at about 11 a. m., and, pursuant to orders, moved in the direction of Mill Creek Gap, a pass in the Chattoogata Mountain. The Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers being on picket, received orders to follow the division. The brigade moved about one mile in column, the One hundred and nineteenth New York Volunteers being the advance guard and deployed as skirmishers. When coming to a fork in the road, the One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers and Seventy-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers moved to the left, and the One hundred and nineteenth and One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers and Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers taking the road to the right. Each column, well protected by skirmishers, proceeded about three-quarters of a mile on these separate roads, until they again united in the open field across which the path led to the mountain gap. At this point the brigade formed in line of battle in the following order: The One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers on the right, the Seventy-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers and One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers on the right and left center, the One hundred and nineteenth New York Volunteers deployed as skirmishers, covering the front, the First Brigade following at supporting distance. The line was advanced in the direction of the gap, the Seventy-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers on the road ahead, over very difficult ground, much obstructed by fences, with a heavy growth of underbrush, and a creek running near the base of the mountain. The ascent was found very steep and arduous, requiring frequent halts to rest the men during the advance. The skirmish line of the One hundred and nineteenth New York Volunteers was now strengthened by detachments from each regiment. The skirmishers soon became engaged in a desultory fire, the enemy retreating before them until the line had reached to within 300 or 400 yards of the palisades of rock which formed the crest of the ridge. The main body continued steadily to advance until the nature of the ground, affording superior facilities for the ascent upon the extremes of the line, the regiments diverged slightly to the right and left. The One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers and Seventy-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, charging up through the palisades, succeeded in planting their colors on the crest of the mountain; but as few only could climb at a time, and the enemy massing their force at the several points of attack, and having all advantage of position and fire, soon dislodged those who had gained the summit. The sides of the mountain being very precipitous, it was impossible to reform near the top, and the Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, Seventy-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, and One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers, after the repulse, were obliged to retire some distance from the ground held by them previous to the charge for new formation. In the mean time the One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers had been extended to the right, so as to cover the exposed flank in that direction, and had not as yet become engaged. After reforming, the One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers, Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers,

