
and Seventy-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers were moved to the slope half way down the mountain, the One hundred and nineteenth New York Volunteers forming line to the left of that position. Here new orders were awaited, either for the renewal of the assault or a withdrawal to the valley below. The Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers was assigned to a position with the One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers, and, as orders were received about this time to advance again and, if possible, dislodge the enemy, Colonel George W. Mindil was ordered to make disposition for a second assault, but to the right of the former attack. For this purpose four companies of the Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers were moved to the left of the One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers, these forces constituting the charging line. Skirmishers in heavy force preceded the attacking column, while others were deployed at right angles to the line on its exposed flank, the balance of the Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, about 200 strong, being retained as a reserve. These latter were to establish the success and render it more complete if the crest should be carried; or, in case of failure, serving as a second line and a support, could prevent disaster by checking too rapid a retrograde movement. The officers and men rushed forward impetuously, determined to carry the heights, and so far succeeded that a greater portion of the advance gained the crest. But the enemy, having been concentrating since the first assault, and having every natural advantage of position, poured in a fire so destructive that, after a brief struggle, the line was forced back to a position some thirty paces in rear, where it was rallied and reformed on the reserve. Here the two regiments held their ground, keeping up an irregular fire, until about 7 p. m., when, in obedience to orders from the division commander, they were withdrawn to the base of the mountain. During the action six regiments of the brigade were engaged, the One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers having been detached two days previously as guard for the train. It is with deep regret I announce in connection with this engagement the death of Captain Henry C. Bartlett and First Lieutenant Joseph L. Miller, Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers. They were killed while gallantly leading their men in the last assault. No better officers honored our service. None did more for the cause. Captain Edwin Forrest, One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers, was fatally wounded, and died shortly after in hospital at Chattanooga. Captain James R. Sanford, Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, was severely wounded, and has since had a leg amputated. All were officers of gallantry and merit, whose loss is deeply felt in the brigade.

After the battle the command encamped at the foot of the mountain, and on the 9th of May were moved in the woods and encamped, remaining there on the 10th and 11th instant, throwing up breast-works and performing picket duty. May 12, marched at 7 a. m. through Snake Creek Gap and encamped. May 13, moved forward in the direction of Resaca, and at night, about 9 o'clock, bivouacked behind breast-works on the left of the road, forming the left of the division. The brigade remained in this position until the next afternoon, when the regiments were disposed so as to occupy the whole of the breast-works previously held by the entire division, the other two brigades having moved elsewhere. Between 10 and 11 p. m.

