
Numbers 223.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Enos Fourat, Thirty-third New Jersey Infantry, of operations May 9-July 22.
HDQRS. THIRTY-THIRD NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS,Near Cassville, Ga., May 21, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements and actions in which my regiment participated, commencing May 9 and ending May 15, 1864:

After the action at Rocky Face Ridge, on Sunday, the 8th, we were withdrawn to the foot of the hill, encamping in the woods. We remained there during the 9th and 10th, on the last day the regiment being on picket. On the morning of the 11th I received orders from the general commanding division, through you, to proceed at once with my command to the trace two and a half miles north of my camp and relieve Colonel Ross' regiments, of General Butterfield's division. My orders were to hold the trace. Not knowing the road or country over which I was to pass, I proceeded cautiously with skirmishers and flankers well out, Lieutenant Kolomb, topographical engineer piloting me. I arrived at the trace about 10 a. m. and at once posted my line and relieved Colonel Ross, who had two regiments of about 450 each under his command, my own regiment numbering some 450 only. No demonstrations were made by the enemy on our front until toward evening, when they threw a few shells at our reserves without inflicting any damage. I was relieved about 10 a. m. on the 12th by a detachment of cavalry belonging to General McCook's division, and marched to join the division, which I effected in the afternoon, just beyond Snake [Creek] Gap. On the 13th we moved forward a short distance, and finally encamped for the night behind breast-works. On the 14th we started about 10 p. m. and moved on till about 3 a. m. on the 15th; then halted and rested until daylight. About 12.30 o'clock of this day we were drawn up in line of battle, the One hundred and nineteenth New York and One hundred and thirty-fourth New York being in line on our front. The enemy opened on us with grape, and the order was given to move forward. We did so, and soon came within range of their infantry fire. Halting for a time by order of brigade commander, the line was reformed, and Colonel Lockman, One hundred and nineteenth New York, being placed in command of that portion of the brigade on the advance, we were ordered to charge forward and take the works and battery in our front at all hazards. The men rose and rushed on with yells and cheers to the very summit of the hill, under a scorching fire from the enemy, and drove them from their guns to the works in the rear. The One hundred and thirty-fourth New York was now upon our right. On our left at first we formed no connection, but afterward connected with the One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania, and still later with the Thirty-third Massachusetts, of General Butterfield's division. The enemy retired from his guns, but the fort was still covered by their fire, and neither party could hold possession. We were then ordered to lie down and hold the ground already won. We did so and remained in position till dark, when Colonel Cobham, of the Third Brigade, was order of General Hooker placed in command of the forces on the hill. Colonel Cobham considering that he had sufficient force to hold the hill in his own brigade, relieved my regiment.

