
Just as I was drawing them off, heavy firing commenced in our front, and we were retained to assist in removing the guns from the fort. About 12 midnight Colonel Cobham ordered a fatigue detail from my regiment to haul the cannon from the fort down the hill. This was done, contrary to our expectation, without drawing any fire from the enemy. About 1 a. m. on the 16th we were finally relieved and retired to the foot of the hill for rest. I lost in the action, one of my very best officers, Captain Bray, wounded through the thigh, 2 enlisted men killed, 24 wounded, and 1 missing.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ENOS FOURAT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain C. C. BROWN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRTY-THIRD NEW JERSEY VOL. INFTY.,In the Field, near Acworth, Ga., June 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of my regiment from May 17 to June 7, 1864:

Breaking our camp a mile south of the Coosawattee River, I moved in a southeasterly direction nearly twelve miles, camping that night on the Peters plantation, near the junction of the Adairsville and Calhoun roads. The following day our course lay over the Adairsville road; we accomplished twelve more miles. The evening of the 19th we halted for the night one mile north of Cassville. The 20th, 21st, and 22nd of May were spent resting and refitting for a continuance of the campaign. On the 23rd we again resumed the march, crossing the Etowah River near the road bridge; late in the afternoon camped a mile to the south of it. The next day we reached Burnt Hickory, and daylight of the 25th found us again on the march toward Dallas. Up to this date no enemy had been seen. About noon of this day severe skirmish firing was heard ahead. Double-quicking at once, we were soon in supporting distance of the troops engaged. My regiment was formed in column of divisions and held as a reserve to support the line in front, consisting of the One hundred and thirty-fourth and One hundred and nineteenth New York Volunteers. After remaining in this order until 2 p. m. we were moved to the left of the brigade, formed in line of battle, connecting on the right with the One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers, on the left with nothing. A slight breast-works of logs was thrown up in front, and a chain of skirmishers posted well in advance. About 5 p. m. we were moved some distance to the right and then directly forward again through the woods. After advancing nearly three-quarters of a mile, bayonets were fixed. We were now in the second line, the Fifth and Seventh Ohio Volunteers preceding us. The enemy opened on the lines with both musketry and artillery. With cheers the men rushed on, the foe falling back from every point. Only by the intervention of darkness were they saved from rout. We received orders to lie down and remain in position till morning. Firing mean time ceased, but at the first peep of day on the 26th began again. We were relieved about noon by troops from the Fourth Corps, and moved to the right of the road behind a knoll, distant about 100 yards from our advanced earth-works, in which

