
position we were well protected from the constant skirmish fire. On the morning* of the 27th, by order from the brigade commander, Colonel Lockman, with the left wing of my regiment I relieved the [Fifth Ohio], who were in the advance works, and threw out one company as skirmishers. On the 28th I relieved the left wing by the right, and was that afternoon myself relieved by the One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Captain Gimber commanding. That afternoon the enemy sent shell and canister at us, but no damage was inflicted upon my regiment. On the 29th I threw up a line of works on the knoll before mentioned to protect myself in case of a renewed artillery fire. On the night of this day an attack was made upon our lines; a furious fire was poured in, but no man of my regiment was injured. On the 30th the regiment was again put in the advance works and skirmishers again thrown out. Skirmish firing still continued as it had done during the past seven days. Indeed, it was upon the skirmish line that most of my casualties took place.

June 1, I was relieved by a portion of General Logan's command, and with the brigade moved six miles to the left, marching in a northeasterly direction. The following day, June 2, moved some two miles in the same direction, camping. We remained there until the morning of the 6th of June. Then breaking camp we marched five miles farther toward Acworth, and camping, have remained there up to the present date. During the action and skirmishing in front of Dallas both officers and men deserve praise for their gallantry and for the prompt manner in which they performed the heavy labor and endured the excessive hardships forced upon them by the circumstances. To Captain O'Connor, who acted as major in the absence of that officer, my thanks are due for the efficient aid he rendered me. It is with the most sincere sorrow that I report the loss of one of my best and bravest captains, Charles J. Field, of Company E. Ever foremost in time of danger, while posting a line of skirmishers on the 28th of May he received a wound in the right thigh, which afterward proved a fatal one. The regiment mourns the loss of one not easily replaced. My total loss is 1 officer killed, 5 men killed and 27 wounded. The names have already been forwarded to your office.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ENOS FOURAT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain C. C. BROWN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRTY-THIRD NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS,Near Kenesaw Mountain, June 21, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that my regiment has again been engaged, having participated severely in the action of Pine Knob on the 15th and 16th instant.

The conduct of the command was excellent; the line advanced under a withering fire without a waver as steadily as if it were only a battalion drill. No body of men could have done better, and well

---------------

* O'Connor's report says "afternoon"; see p. 228.

---------------

