
did they sustain the proud name New Jersey's soldiers have always borne. With deep regret I announce to you the death of Lieutenant Cochrane, Company K, a most gallant and dashing young officer. Brave, cool, ready, talented in no small degree, a bright career was opening up before him. He had for gallantry on previous fields been recommended for promotion to his Excellency the Governor. On the day upon which he was buried his commission as captain was received. Thus one by one our officers are falling. In this action I lost 1 officer and 13 men killed, 2 officers and 47 men wounded. Among the latter my adjutant slightly-now returned to duty-and Captain Courtois, Company D, slight contusion of the shoulder. I send herewith a list of the casualties.* I have also to report that First Lieutenant John J. Toffey, Company G, has been honorably discharged the service for disability resulting from wounds received at Mission Ridge in November last, that he may accept a position in the Veteran Reserve Corps. I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of commission as first lieutenant, Company E, for William Wilson, jr.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ENOS FOURAT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Major General ROBERT F. STOCKTON, Jr.,

Adjutant-General, New Jersey.
HDQRS. THIRTY-THIRD NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS,Near Atlanta, Ga., July 23, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward to you the inclosed official list of casualties+ in my regiment during the action of the 20th instant, and also a report of the movements of the command since the 21st of June, the date of my last letter.

On the 22nd of June we moved out nearly two miles, driving in the enemy's skirmishers. We were placed in support of a battery on the extreme left of the division, in the attack made by the rebel General Hood on General Williams's division, posted upon our right. That afternoon our skirmishers were driven back and several men wounded; the regiment did not become engaged. On the 27th, the day of Kenesaw battle, we charged a piece of woods, driving the enemy from it without loss and intrenching ourselves in the face of their batteries. July 1, were withdrawn from this position and transferred two miles to the right. On the 3d, finding that the enemy had retired, we pushed on in pursuit, overtaking them after a chase of fire miles. On the 5th we again pushed on until we came within sight of the enemy's position on the banks of the Chattahoochee. Up to the 17th we remained in camp preparing for a continuance of the campaign. The 17th we crossed the river at Pace's Ferry, and on the 19th Peach Tree Creek, some distance to the left of the Marietta and Atlanta turnpike, again intrenching strongly. On the 20th I was ordered by General Geary to take my regiment alone to a hill at least 500 yards in advance of our division and corps to fortify it and

---------------

* Omitted.

+ Aggregating 16 men killed, 2 officers and 17 men wounded, and 4 officers and 38 men missing.

---------------

