
toward dusk, by order of General Geary, the skirmish line was called in and the command withdrawn, the enemy following almost to the foot of the mountain. Colonel Mindil having become prostrated by sickness reluctantly retired to Chattanooga, and Lieutenant Colonel Enos Fourat assumed command. After the action of Mill Creek Gap, May 8, 1864, we were withdrawn to the foot of the hill and encamped in the woods. We remained there the 9th and 10th, on the last day going on picket. Orders were received on the 11th from the general commanding division to proceed at once with the command to the trace. Not knowing the road or country over which we had to pass the command proceeded cautiously with skirmishers and flankers well out, Lieutenant Kolomb, topographical engineer, brigade headquarters, piloting us. We arrived at the trace about 10 a. m. and relieved Colonel Ross, who had two regiments of General Butterfield's division under his command, of 450 men each, while my own numbered 450 only. No demonstrations were made on the front by the enemy till toward evening, when they threw a few shell at our reserves, doing no damage. We were relieved on the 12th at 10 o'clock in the morning by a detachment of cavalry belonging to General McCook's division, and marched to join the division. This was effected in the afternoon just beyond Snake [Creek] Gap. On the 13th we moved forward a short distance and finally encamped for the night behind breast-works. On the 14th we started an 10 p. m. marched until daylight of the 15th, halted and rested a few hours on the 15th, and about noon were formed in line of battle at Resaca, the One hundred and nineteenth and One hundred and thirty-fourth New York in line on our front. The enemy opened on us with canister, and being ordered to advance we soon came within range of their infantry fire, when the order was received to charge and carry the works on our front at all hazards. The men rushed forward with yells and cheers to the very summit of the hill and drove the enemy from their guns to their works in the rear. The One hundred and thirty-fourth was now upon our right and our left was without connection, the One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania joining us on the left afterward. The enemy, though driven from his guns, still covered them with his fire from works in the rear, and neither party could gain possession of them. After dark Colonel Cobham, of the Third Brigade, having been place in command by General Hooker, and considering his own men sufficient to hold the hill, relieved us. While withdrawing heavy firing commenced on our front, and we were retained to assist in removing the guns from the fort. In this, contrary to expectation, we succeeded without opposition, and about 1 a. m. of the 16th we were finally relieved and the command retired to the foot of the hill to rest.

At daybreak it was known the enemy had withdrawn and we started in pursuit, crossing the railroad above Resaca, and later in the day both the Coosawattee and Connesauga Rivers, wading the first and crossing the other in flat-boats, and camping near its southern bank without overtaking the enemy. Continued the march on the 17th, marching ten or twelve miles in a southerly direction, encamping for the night on Peters' plantation, near the junction of the Calhoun and Adairsville road, and on the 19th stopped a mile north of Cassville. The 20th, 21st, and 22nd were spent in resting and refitting. On the 23rd we again resumed the march, crossing the Etowah River near the road bridge, then burnt, late in the afternoon,

