
position and prevented farther advance on our part. At night we threw up a hasty line of works, under the fire of the rebel infantry and within 100 yards of his works. At daybreak of the 16th heavy skirmishing began, and the force on the right, consisting of the Seventy-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, being forced back, our flank was exposed, and the rebels, improving the advantage, threatened to overwhelm the whole line. At this juncture two companies of the Thirty-third were sent out, and drove the enemy's skirmishers back, and thus saved the integrity of the line. The skirmishing continued the whole day, and from the exposed position of the regiment the loss was heavy. That evening the enemy evacuated again, and early on the morning of the 17th we entered his works. The scarred head logs and new-made graves attested that our fire had been very destructive. We continued the pursuit and overtook him three miles from his deserted works. Driving in his skirmishers, we established a line within 200 yards of his main line, and held the position until the morning of the 19th. Rain fell heavy and frequent and the roads were almost impassable to infantry. The enemy again retreated. Immediately upon learning of the evacuation we started in pursuit, overtaking him at a distance of a mile. On the 20th we relieved a portion of the First Brigade of our division, and on the 21st were relieved by General Harker's brigade, of the Fourth Corps, and moved three miles to the right. On the 22nd we again advanced, driving the enemy's skirmishers before us nearly a mile, and throwing up a line of breast-works about two miles south-west of Kenesaw Mountain and to the left of the Marietta pike. During an attack in the afternoon upon General Williams' division we suffered a slight loss on the skirmish line. We remained in the same position till the 27th, when, with the brigade, we were ordered to a position in front of the First Brigade, formed in line, and ordered to charge a piece of woods on the front, in which the enemy was supposed to be. With fixed bayonets and upon the double-quick we charged and occupied the designated position, capturing many of the enemy who were holding it. Under a shell fire we constructed our works, and held them until 7 p. m. on the 30th, when, being relieved by the Fourteenth Corps, we moved to the right of the Marietta pike, relieving troops of the Twenty-third Corps.

July 2, finding the enemy had again retreated, we started in pursuit, keeping to the right of the railroad, and captured numbers of prisoners and deserters from him. After a pursuit of five miles we overtook their rear guard, strongly fortified on a main road. On the 4th, at 5 p. m., the regiment was ordered to take a house from which the enemy's sharpshooters greatly annoyed our artillerists. We moved out, advanced to the position, but found that the advance of the Fourteenth Corps already held it, and the regiment was thrown out in the advance to maintain the position. That evening the enemy once more fell back, and again we entered his works, built, as usual, in the best and strongest manner, and almost impregnable to direct assault. We pursued him to the banks of the Chattahoochee River. The men were now worn out with such constant marching, skirmishing, and fighting; more symptoms of scurvy were manifest; clothing was ragged and almost useless. Thus the rest that followed from the 5th to the 17th was a most welcome one. The commissary issued a full supply of vegetables; the health of the men improved with great rapidity, and when, upon

