
Numbers 178.

Report of Surg. John W. Foye, U. S. Army, Medical Director Twentieth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE,Atlanta, Ga., September 29, 1864.

DOCTOR: In conformity to instructions contained in circular from your office, bearing date September 15, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of the medical department of this corps during the campaign which ended by the fall of Atlanta:

This command, formed by the consolidation of the Eleventh and Twelfth Corps, left Lookout Valley May 5, under the command of Ma. General Joseph Hooker, thus entering upon a campaign having for its objective point the capture of Atlanta. Condition of command: The Troops, many of them veterans, were in fine condition, if we expect a portion of one division that had but recently returned from quite a severe campaign to the eastern part of the State, during which they were deprived of the vegetables issued to their fortunate comrades along the line of rail communication. Strength of command, 20,531. One the morning of May 8 the left of the command became engaged with the enemy at Mill Creek Gap, on Taylor's Ridge, one of the series of ridges known collectively as Buzzard Roost, and after a brisk fight of about five hours, in which advantages were gained and lost, darkness closed the struggle and gave us an opportunity to care for and remove the wounded. Condition of supplies: Stimulants and surgical appliances in abundance, butt not up until several hours after we became angered, the roads being required for the troops. Our panniers furnished us the requisite dressings till the arrival of the wagons. Field hospital: established half a mile from the foot of the ridge and one mile from the enemy. An abundance of good water, fresh beef, and such articles as are usually found in the drivers' boxes of a well-regulated ambulance train. Removal of wounded: From the summit of the ridge to the base thereof on blankets shelter-tents, &amp;c.; from the base they were conveyed in ambulances to the field hospital. Character of the fire: Musketry, continuous at short range, conical ball. Anesthetics: Chloroform of Squibb's manufacture, from the use of which no bad results have been observed during the campaign. Casualties: Killed, 49; wounded and treated in hospital, 184, of which number 7 died during the night. Operations: Eleven amputations were performed and seven resections were made during the night subsequent to the fight. Subsequent disposition of wounded: At 11 a. m. on the day after, the wounded were placed in ambulances, and, under the charge of three medical officers and a proper number of attendants, transferred to Ringgold, a distance of twenty-five miles, and one death occurred in the route.

On the 12th of May the command to the right and, passing through Snake Creek Gap, came upon the enemy near Resaca, and after a series of maneuvers engaged him shortly after meridian May 15. Battle of resaca: the troops were in good condition, the attack having been deferred till p. m. to enable them to prepare their dinners before engaging. Strength of command, about 16,000. Supplies: Abundant and of good quality. Field hospital: About one and a half miles to the rear of the point of attack; water and food abundant

