
the 17th, they crossed the Chattahoochee River at Pace's Ferry the men were as well and as determined as on the day we started. On the 18th we moved out on the Buck Head road, and on the 19th crossed Peach Tree Creek, intrenching ourselves strongly upon the opposite side. On the 20th we were ordered by General Geary to advance alone to prepare and fortify a hill about 500 yards in advance of the division or corps for the use of a battery. The position was an isolated one and the ground intersected in all directions by deep ravines. We advanced to the hill as ordered, and threw out a skirmish line well to the front and on both flanks. General Geary was with us, and from the feeble opposition offered to our skirmishers, and the statements of prisoners, he was led to believe that no large force of the enemy was in close proximity. Scarcely had dispositions been made to erect works, however, when advancing in mass the enemy came pouring in upon us from the woods, drove in our skirmishers, and showered volley after volley into us. We were without shelter. The men kept their positions notwithstanding, retiring only when it was necessary to retire, and returned the enemy's fire with deliberation and vim. About this time an overwhelming force came down upon our right flank an forced back the two companies sent out to protect it. The rebel horde came down upon us on the double-quick. At the same time another column came out on our left flank. Under these circumstances, with such an overwhelming force against us and with such a withering cross-fire from front, right, and left, the enemy rapidly gaining our rear, to stand longer was madness, and the order was reluctantly given to retire fighting. As the men rose and commenced to retire the enemy, with a yell of exultation, rushed upon us in dense masses, calling to us at the same time to surrender our colors. With this order we could not, had no wish to, did not comply. The fire was terrific; the air was filled with deadly missiles; men dropped upon all sides; escape seemed impossible. At this moment, most unfortunately, the bearer of our State colors fell, a portion of the guard was wounded, and 1 or 2 of them were missing. The enemy in large force was close upon us, and to save the colors was impossible; the State colors fell into the hands of the enemy; in the deepest sorrow we report it. The loss was not occasioned by any fault of our own; we fought as long as we could; fought like soldiers, and received the first impetus of an attack which to repel required the force of a corps. The most desperate bravery and heroic valor could not balance the overpowering odds against us, and Colonel Jones, brigade commander, and General Geary, division commander, expressed themselves as more than satisfied with our doings, and the saving of the national colors. General Hooker, who before this had complimented the regiment for its gallantry in action, was pleased to say to Lieutenant Colonel Enos Fourat. "Colonel, it is no disgrace to lose your colors under such circumstances. I only wonder that a man of you escaped capture." The regiment was rallied again behind the second line of breast-works, and advanced again that evening, but the enemy was gone, discomfited. On the 22nd we advanced about three miles, passing through a line of the enemy's works to a position within cannon shot of the city of Atlanta. We remained in this position, receiving occasional shells from the enemy, till the 27th, when we took another position nearer the city. On the night of the 25th of August we left this position and fell back to Pace's Ferry, on the Chattahoochee River, and fortified ourselves

