
The firing soon became general. The part assigned to my line was carried out in so far as we kept up the line and pushed as far as the palisades, where the whole brigade line and the support of the First Brigade concentrated in a short time. The ascent was difficult and very fatiguing. The men were compelled to pause for rest, and while so doing an unaccountable panic seized the line in advance, and soon the whole mass retreated in confusion, except some brave spirits who maintained the position they had gained and called loudly to those in retreat to return. No effort could induce or drive the men back to the point abandoned, which, as near as I could judge, was about sixty yards from the crest. I got my command together and held the point on the right and left, on the road which we had reached in the first advance. Another advance was ordered, when we gained about 100 feet in the ascent, and being unsupported on either flank, I held the point gained and went to the Fifth Ohio, which was then forming in rear of my line, for one company of the regiment to fill up a gap between the brigade line and my own. Colonel Kilpatrick, commanding the regiment, informed me that he would be glad to do so, but the line was about being ordered back, which was done in good order. My regiment was again assigned the advance, and I was afterward directed to take charge of the Seventy-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, and which my own regiment protected the division hospital. The casualties of my regiment on this day are 13 wounded and 1 missing. May 9, on guard at division hospital. At 11.30 p. m. was ordered to report to brigade headquarters with my regiment. After reporting was ordered to build rifle-pits near division headquarters, on the left of One hundred and fifty-fourth New York line, in continuation thereof. May 10, finished rifle-pits at 4 a. m.; men much fatigued, having all been on picket and guard duty the night after the action, thus making nearly forty-eight hours' duty. May 11, all day in the rifle-pits. Nothing important occurred. May 12, received marching orders. Regiment moved at 7 a. m. and marched to Sugar Valley, and bivouacked for the night outside the intrenchments erected by General McPherson's command. May 13, orders to move at 6 a. m. Did not get fairly off until 1 p. m., and then moved through Sugar Valley to vicinity of Resaca, where we formed line, artillery and musketry firing in our front. At 7 p. m. we occupied rifle-pits vacated by Third Division, Twentieth Corps. Nothing of importance during the night. May 14, all day in rifle-pits. At 6 p. m. First and Third Brigades moved to the left of the Fourth Corps, our brigade occupying the line vacated by our division. At 10 p. m. we were ordered to join division; marched until 4 a. m. May 15, when we halted and rested until 5 a. m.; moved to the crest of a hill on the extreme left of the line. At 8 a. m. joined the column, and at 1.30 p. m. was in line with rest of brigade, my regiment being the last of supporting column. The Third Division having the advance, we all moved forward, the enemy being driven from their first three lines of rifle-pits, all of which were built on the crest of three difficult hills. After the second line was taken my regiment got in the advance of the others of our brigade, except the Thirty-third New Jersey and One hundred and thirty-fourth New York. At the base of the third hill our men were allowed to rest a few moments, when Colonel Fessenden, of Hooker's staff, came with a verbal order from General Hooker for the three regiments to advance, and that the senior officer assume command of the same. I immediately assumed command

