
of the above-mentioned regiments, Thirty-third New Jersey and One hundred and thirty-fourth New York, and, with my own, moved up the side of the hill on which we had rested, inclining to the right, as directed by Colonel Fessenden, over a line of men lying behind the breast-works from which the enemy had been driven, and over the works and down the slope to a thickly wooded ravine, where, being informed that a line of the Third Brigade, Second Division, was in my immediate front, I moved the regiments to the left and formed a charge-One hundred and nineteenth, Lieutenant Colonel E. F. Lloyd, on the right, Thirty-third New Jersey, Lieutenant-Colonel Fourat, on the left, One hundred and thirty-fourth, Lieutenant-Colonel Jackson, on the left center. While here Colonel Fessenden brought an order from General Hooker to take line at all hazards, and showed me a note from Colonel Cobham, who was in part possession of same, requiring more troops. I ordered the line forward, and we pushed up the hill under a terrific musketry fire, and reached that portion of the line where Colonel Cobham's troops were lying, some of the men entering the rebel battery. At this moment Lieutenant Colonel E. F. Lloyd fell mortally wounded, and several men near him were struck. I ordered the line to lie down, and learned from Colonel Cobham that all that was required was to hold the hill. The battery having been secured, and he having been placed in command of the whole line, by order of General Hooker, I became subject to his orders. We remained in possession, and at 9 p. m., fresh troops having been sent out, by direction of Colonel Cobham, I withdrew the three regiments to the foot of the hill. The rest of the brigade was sent out, and I requested Colonel Cobham to permit the three regiments to return to camp, which was granted. Two regiments, One hundred and thirty-fourth and One hundred and nineteenth New York, had moved off, and Thirty-third New Jersey was about to follow, when an attack was made by the enemy. Colonel Cobham requested them to remain, which they did, and assisted in bringing off the captured guns. In conclusion, I must remark that the action of Lieutenant Colonel E. F. Lloyd deserves the highest praise. He sealed with his life last gallant act of the soldier and patriot, never wavering, but pushing forward to the post of greatest danger, where he fell mortally wounded and died in a few hours. May 16, the enemy having retreated during of the 15th and morning of the 16th, we received orders at 5 a. m. to move in pursuit. We marched out with the brigade, taking the road to the left of the railroad. At 11.30 a. m. we forded the river at-Ferry, the water breast high. At 6 p. m. we crossed the Coosawattee River at Bryant's Ferry and bivouacked for the night. May 17, moved suddenly, at 11.30 a. m., and marched to vicinity of Calhoun and bivouacked. May 18, moved to vicinity of Adairsville and bivouacked. May 19, moved at 5 a. m. and marched toward Cassville. When near the place we formed a line; the One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania were deployed as skirmishers, with my regiment as support. After moving about one and a half miles met Fourth Corps skirmishers, and acted in concert with them. The line moved forward in the direction of the firing, but was delayed by a wide and deep creek; after bridging and crossing the same, darkness closed the work of the day. May 20, camped near Cassville, and rested in camp during May 20, 21, and 22. May 23, Colonel Lockman being ordered to assume command of Second Brigade, Captain C. H. Odell, Company I, was, in accordance to seniority of rank, placed in command

