
of his regiment. Took up our line of march again, after three days' rest, in the position assigned us in the brigade, and bivouacked about 7.30 p. m. May 24, detached as wagon guard Second Division ammunition train, and after guarding the train into camp, at 8 p. m. received orders to rejoin the brigade and camp for the night. May 25, the advance regiment of the brigade; nothing unusual occurred until about 10 a. m. when near the Pumpkin Vine Creek, when our advance was fired upon by the enemy's cavalry. The whole column being halted to repair the brigade over the creek, my regiment was detailed to picket the hills on the immediate right and covering the flank of the brigade, to guard against a surprise. The bridge being completed, my regiment was withdrawn and marched in its position. After marching about tree miles it was discovered the enemy was in heavy force in our front, and we were immediately deployed into line of battle on the right side of the road, and ordered to throw up breast-works, more especially to protect our right flank, but in compliance with orders, our position, in connection with that of brigade, was changed to the left of the road, our front parallel to and facing from it. I was then ordered to send out a scouting party, for which purpose I ordered a sergeant and twelve men. They failed to discover any enemy, and about 6 p. m. was ordered to recall them. About 7 p. m. the whole brigade was deployed on the right side of the road; in this position we advanced, One hundred and thirty-fourth on my left and my regiment on the right of the brigade. I advanced, complying with the various orders received from time to time, in as well closed a line as the unevenness of the ground, the many obstructions, and the increasing darkness would allow, and pushed on under the heavy fire of canister and shell from the enemy, and passing over two lines of battle, which were lying upon the ground, until ordered to halt upon the hill, where we afterward intrenched ourselves. In this position we rested on our arms for the night. May 26, receiving orders to build breast-works, I proceeded to construct them in continuation of the One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers on my left. This was the second line of our defenses. This position I occupied until about 8 p. m. on the 28th instant, when I was ordered to relieve the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers from the front line of works, which I accordingly did. The One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania was on my right and the One hundred and thirty-fourth New York on my left. May 29, still occupying the same relative position. Captain C. H. Odell, commanding, being taken sick, went to the rear, and Captain C. H. Southworth assumed command. Very heavy skirmishing all day, and about 11 o'clock in the night the enemy made several ineffectual demonstrations along our line, more particularly on our left, and were repulsed each time. My command saved their fire for close engagements, but as the enemy failed to approach near, there were but few shots fired. May 30, relieved from my position by the Seventy-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, I again occupied the second line of breast-works. May 31, still in same position; agreeable to orders, sent out fatigue to build an advanced breast-work.

June 1 and 2, still in same position; about 11 a. m., our corps being relieved by the Fifteenth Corps, we moved up toward the left and bivouacked in the woods for the night. June 3, moved about two miles farther toward the left and remained in that position until the morning of June 7; charged position again, moving still farther to the left, and about 2 p. m. halted in the woods and

