
enemy attacked First Division, but was repulsed. Our line was only lightly assailed by the enemy's skirmishers, who were easily driven back. June 23, 24, 25, and 26, still in same position. June 27, line formed at 6 a. m., brigade in advance of the division. One hundred and fifty-fourth New York on the right of the line, my regiment second; Seventy-third Pennsylvania was on my left. Our brigade advanced about a mile, driving the enemy's pickets, and, capturing a number of them, held the ground and built intrenchments. June 28 and 29, in same position. June 30, 8 p. m. our division moved to the right; relieved a division of Twenty-third Corps. My regiment was assigned to an out-work, which I occupied.

July 1, still in advance work, a post of observation; enemy made no demonstration. July 2, still in out-works; was relieved at 7 p. m., and returned to main line of works, and was placed in reserve. July 3, the enemy retreated during the night; our division moved out and occupied their works. We began to pursue about 6 a. m., and came up with and found them strongly posted and intrenched about nine miles from the Chattahoochee River. July 4, opposite the enemy; no works built by our division; desultory picket-firing. July 5, enemy retreated during the night; moved in pursuit at daylight; came up with them at 4 p. m., posted on the north bank of the Chattahoochee River. July 6, moved at 3 p. m., our division said to be in reserve. July 7, moved at 8 a. m., took position on right of Third Division, my regiment having left of line, One hundred and fifty-fourth on my right. July 7, 8, 9, in same position. July 10, rebels fell back across the Chattahoochee River; regiment in old position. July 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, and 16, in same position. July 17, orders to move; marched at 4 p. m.; crossed the Chattahoochee River at Pace's Ferry and bivouacked at 11.30 p. m. near Nancy's Creek. July 18, moved at 8 a. m., my regiment in the advance; crossed Nancy's Creek and moved in line to within a mile of Buck Head; no enemy seen intrenched. July 19, moved at 6 a. m., Third Brigade in advance; crossed Peach Tree Creek after a slight skirmish; intrenched. July 20, moved out of our works at 6 a. m. and occupied an advanced position. At 11 a. m. were ordered to support First Brigade; my regiment was detached to skirmish. The Third Division being near the point I was required for, and their skirmishers occupying it, I was not required, and returned to the brigade. About 2 p. m. was ordered to support Thirty-third New Jersey, who had been sent to occupy a hill some distance in advance of our line. Had just reached the works of First Brigade, when I was ordered back by General Geary, as the enemy was advancing in force. I moved with my regiment about 100 yards to the right, when our whole line was attacked by the enemy, who having penetrated a gap between the lines of First and Second Divisions, threw the right into some confusion. Order was speedily restored and the enemy repulsed. When the enemy appeared on the flank I took position with my regiment at right angles with the works; the Sixtieth New York came in and took position on the right of my regiment. I afterward charged to the right of Seventy-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, and the three regiments, Sixtieth New York, Seventy-third Pennsylvania, and One hundred and nineteenth New York, built works at right angles to the former works. to Captain Bundy's battery the highest credit is due. By his courageous fighting of the battery the result attained is mainly due. July 21, still in same position at Peach Tree Creek. July 22, the enemy retreated during the night; we pursued at 6 a. m. and drove their skirmishers to

