
their works; about two miles from Atlanta took position and intrenched. July 23, 24, and 25, engaged building an advance line of works, regiment furnishing details for that purpose. July 26, works finished; Seventy-third Pennsylvania moved out to occupy; my regiment followed, One hundred and fifty-fourth New York following me; strengthened our works during the night. July 27, 28, 29, 30, and 31, still in works.

August 1 to 24, still occupying works; nothing of note occurred. August 25, orders to move received; regiment left the works at 8.45 p. m., and moved with division column to Pace's Ferry. My regiment was moved one-half mile farther to the right on the afternoon of the 29th, and began fortifying. August 30 and 31, engaged felling trees and strengthening intrenchments.

September 1, still in same position. September 2, ordered to move at 1 p. m.; moved out of camp; at 2 p. m. was en route for the city of Atlanta. To my regiment was assigned the honor of entering the city at the head of the brigade column. At 8 p. m. we halted and bivouacked on Peters street, in rear of the City Hall.

I cannot close this report without paying a tribute to the men who have pressed on under all circumstances, working steadily to accomplish the end for which the campaign was inaugurated; they have labored faithfully through a campaign lasting quite four months without murmuring or evincing the slightest discontent. Their patriotism and endurance are deserving of the highest encomiums of praise. To my officers I have but one acknowledgment to make for their zealous and hearty co-operation and faithful discharge of all duties assigned to them. My command numbered on 4th of May, 1864, 183 effective men. The number killed, wounded, and missing during the campaign was 89. I respectfully submit herewith a return of the killed, wounded, and missing.*

I have the honor to remain, your very obedient servant,

JOHN T. LOCKMAN,

Colonel, Commanding 119th New York Volunteers.

Numbers 226.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Allan H. Jackson, One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Infantry, of operations May 8-June 7.
HEADQUARTERS 134TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, at Mill Creek, Ga., May 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers in the engagement of Mill Creek Gap, on the 8th instant:

In pursuance of orders, the One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers, on arriving near the base of the mountain known as Rocky Face Ridge, took position in line of battle on the right of the brigade, fronting in direction of Mill Creek (or Dug) Gap. The regiment soon after advanced with the brigade in line in direction of the gap, moving on the right of the road leading up the mountain. Frequent obstructions were encountered in the line of march, arising from the creek at the foot of the mountain, one or two ravines, and a close growth of underbrush temporarily retarding progress. Passing these, the regiment advanced with all possible

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 officer and 13 men killed, 4 officers and 69 men wounded, and 2 men missing; total, 89.

---------------

