
rapidity up the ascent, which soon became so toilsome that frequent halts were rendered necessary. Additional strength being required on the skirmish line, the right company, under command of Captain Forrest, was deployed forward for this purpose. This line became slightly engaged when half way up the mountain. The enemy fell back to the crest of the ridge and from this point opened a sharp fire as the regiment passed through the palisades of rock running parallel with and about 300 yards from the ridge. After advancing over half this distance. I discovered what seemed a less precipitous approach at a short distance on the right, and accordingly moved the regiment by the flank about 100 yards in that direction, and then directed a charge against the ridge. Both officers and men responded with alacrity and determination, pressing forward with cheers, until a considerable portion of the regiment had gained the crest of rock on which the enemy held his position. Here a brief struggle ensued, which resulted in our being forced back by our adversary's superior strength and position. The line was reformed with little difficulty about 100 yards below the point of assault. From this position a desultory fire was maintained until the Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers advanced to our support. At the same time orders were received to advance again, with the assistance of that regiment, and carry the original point of assault, if possible. The line of the One hundred and thirty-fourth Regiment was accordingly strengthened by four companies by four companies of the Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, the remainder of such regiment supporting, and the charge ordered. From the nature of the ground no regularity of advance could by maintained. All pushed forward determinedly, and most of the advance line a second time gained the crest. The enemy's strength, however, had greatly increased, by concentrating from the right and left, since the former assault, and the fire proved so destructive that it became plainly impossible to carry the ridge at this point. The men were again forced back to their old position. Soon after, at about 7 p. m., in obedience to orders from brigade headquarters, the regiment withdrew from the enemy's fire to the base of the mountain. The casualties of the regiment during the engagement are as follows: Eleven enlisted men killed, 1 officer and 24 enlisted men wounded. Among the killed are First Sergt. George R. Payne, Company E, Corpl. A. L. Walters, Company G, and Corpl. D. Frederick, Company H, non-commissioned officers of the regiment of more than ordinary merit, whose loss is a severe one to the regiment at large. Captain Forrest is pronounced mortally wounded. A braver officer never led his men in action. I feel it impossible to speak in too high terms of praise of all officers of my command during the engagement. The example afforded the men by their individual gallantry more than removed the difficulty arising from their diminished number. Captain Forrest, with Lieutenants Ahreets, Taylor, Porter, Smith, and Joslin only, were present, Lieutenant Sheldon having been detached with one company of the regiment on picket, by orders from headquarters of division. I am especially indebted to Lieutenant Charles A. Ahreets, my acting adjutant, for much valuable assistance during the day. Assistant Surgeon Murphy remained with the regiment during the action and was frequently exposed while removing the wounded from the field.

ALLAN H. JACKSON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding 134th New York Vols.

Captain C. C. BROWN,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.

