HDQRS. 134TH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, near Cassville, Ga., May 21, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of movements of the One hundred and thirty-fourth Regiment New York Volunteers, with part taken in action by such regiment since the 8th instant, made in compliance with circular from headquarters of division, bearing this date:

The One hundred and thirty-fourth bivouacked during the night following the action of Mill Creek Gap in front of division headquarters. On the morning of the 9th instant camp was made in the woods lying from 300 to 400 yards to the left of this position, where the regiment remained until 3 p. m., at which time it was ordered on picket duty near the base of Rocky Face Ridge, relieving the One hundred and nineteenth New York, Seventy-third Pennsylvania, and Seventh Ohio Volunteers. The regiment remained on picket in this position until 8 o'clock on the evening of the 10th instant, when it was relieved by the Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, and returned to camp of the day previous. The following morning, the 11th, it was again ordered on picket, relieving the Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, where it remained until 6 a. m. of the 12th instant, at which time it was relieved by a portion of the cavalry command of Brigadier-General McCook. The regiment shortly after being relieved took up the line of march in the direction of Snake Creek Gap, acting as rear guard of the division. Passing the gap the division train was parked in the vicinity of that belonging to the Third Division, and the regiment rejoined its brigade, going in camp about 9 o'clock the same evening. At 8 o'clock the following morning (the 13th) the regiment took position with its brigade and moved toward Resaca, from which direction heavy firing soon became heard as we advanced. About 5 p. m. a halt was ordered, and the regiment rested in line of battle for the space of an hour, and then took position behind a line of breast-works facing to the left from the line of direction of the day's march. We remained in this position until 6 o'clock in the evening of the 14th instant, when the regiment took position as a reserve in rear of the brigade, the line of which had been extended so as to cover the ground lately occupied by the First and Third Brigades, gone farther to the front. At midnight we moved with the brigade about four miles, rejoining the balance of the division at 2 o'clock in the morning. Here the regiment bivouacked for the remainder of the night. At 6 o'clock the following morning (the 15th) the regiment took a temporary position with the brigade in line of battle to the left of the Third Brigade, and about one-fourth of a mile from the last night's camp, remaining here for the space of an hour. The regiment took up the line of march, with the brigade, in direction of the ground occupied by the Third Division, moving by the flank until reaching the first line of breast-works, in advance of which the Third Division had already engaged the enemy. The order of march placing my regiment next in rear of the Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, it directly after advanced in this order in line of battle over the breast-works toward the sound of firing. Having moved in this direction about 500 yards in front and to the left of the point of passing the breast-works, a halt was ordered under cover of a hill, near the position where Major-General Hooker was then standing. Here the regiment was allowed a rest of twenty or thirty minutes, at the expiration of which time an order

