
and weather fine. Removal of the wounded: The wounded were taken from the field depot to the field hospital in ambulances, the work of removal being completed at about 2 a. m. on the morning following the battle. Character of the fire: Musketry and artillery, the former very severe and at short range, the movements being an assault upon the enemy's works, which were carried and held, compelling the abandonment of the field by the enemy. Disposition of wounded: The wounded were transferred from the field hospital to the general field hospital, Department of the Cumberland, located at Resaca. The transfer completed on the 22d. Casualties: Wounded, 1,172 is the approximate number treated at the three division hospitals, of which number between 75 and 80 died within five days after the battle. I regret my inability to furnish the exact data of this as well as several subsequent engagements, as my predecessor failed to retain copies of his classified returns, and I am compelled to omit those furnished by the Third Division as entirely unreliable. Operations; Thirty-five amputations, ten resections, and one excision were performed at the Second Division hospital, but of the operations at the others I can find no record.

Leaving Resaca on the 16th, the command followed the enemy, and, after a series of skirmishes, again met him in force at Dallas and engaged him on the 25th, 26th, 27th, 28th, and 29th of May. Strength of command: Unknown. Condition of command: Much exhausted by long, heavy, and forced marches. Condition of supplies: Stimulants, and surgical appliances in abundance, and sufficient shelter for all the wounded. Field hospital: On the east side of Pumpkin Vine Creek, one and a half miles from the point of attack. Our lines advanced two miles late in the evening of the 25th. The hospital was moved on the following morning to accommodate the change in the position of the troops. Operations: In the Second Division hospital, thirty-nine amputations and nineteen excisions are reported. The First and Third Divisions can furnish no report of their operations. Removal of wounded; The slight cases were placed in army wagons and sent to Kingston, Ga.; the more serious cases in ambulances, under the charge of Surgeon Kendall, One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers, to the same point. Two days' rations were sent with the train, and they (the wounded) fed three times daily while in transit by men who were detailed for the purpose to accompany the train. Casualties: Wounded and treated in the hospitals of the Third Division, 1,264.

For the sixteen days following the battle of Dallas the men were constantly exposed to a very annoying fire from the enemy, who had ensconced himself behind a very formidable line of works in front of Pine Knob, and from which it was determined to dislodge him, and on the 15th of June an advance was made with that intent. Battle of Pine Hill: The command worn out and exhausted by continued marching, building breast-works; the roads heavy from almost unintermitting rain of ten days; the battle began at about 2 p. m. and continued till dusk. Condition of supplies: Stimulations and other stores rather limited; difficult to obtain because of the roads. No actual suffering for the want of supplies, but they were not as abundant as on former accessions. Field hospital: About two miles from line of attack; water good; food plenty; more suffering because of continual rain and previous exhaustion than from other causes. Removal of wounded: On litters to the field depots; from there in ambulances to the hospitals. Character of the fire: Musketry and artillery; continuous; range

