
was communicated to me, through Colonel Fessenden, of General Hooker's staff, directing my regiment with the One hundred and nineteenth New York, One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania, and Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, which regiments were then lying most convenient for receiving the order to charge a battery of the enemy planted about 500 yards in front, and re-enforce Colonel Cobham, of the Third Brigade, Second Division, who already had position closely adjacent to the battery, but required assistance. Colonel Lockman, of the One hundred and nineteenth New York, being ranking officer, was placed in command of the regiments designated, and the charge ordered immediately after. This was executed in fine style, the men springing forward on the run until reaching the advanced line of Colonel Cobham's command, which was found already in virtual possession of the battery, though unable to remove the guns, the enemy holding a strong position intrenched in the immediate rear of the battery, which it covered so effectually as to prevent its occupation by our forces without first effecting their dislodgment. My regiment having been halted was immediately disposed in line on the left of the One Hundred and Eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, of Colonel Cobham's command, and in advance of the regiments designated above as forming the command of Colonel Lockman. Lieutenant Taylor, of the One hundred and thirty-fourth, was immediately dispatched to Brigade-General Geary for the purpose of communicating the position of affairs and procuring further instructions. He returned soon after with instructions to hold the battery and make no farther advance until ordered. Orders from Major-General Hooker received soon after placed Colonel Cobham in command of all the troops on the hill in the vicinity of the battery. The One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers remained in position, returning the enemy's fire as occasion offered until night closed in, when the number of troops on the hill being largely increased, the regiment was relieved by order of Colonel Cobham, and retired to the foot of the hill by his direction. The men, much exhausted by their exertions during the day, rested here for the space of half an hour, when I received a communication from Colonel Cobham, through Colonel Lockman, of the One hundred and nineteenth New York, directing the withdrawal of my regiment for the night within our line of breast-works; the regiment then accordingly passed to the rear. Some confusion was created on my left when near the breast-works by a number of fugitives from regiments on the hill retreating under the panic of a night attack. Order being speedily restored, the regiment shortly after, by direction of the colonel commanding brigade, went in camp for the night a short distance in the rear of General Geary's headquarters. The casualties of the One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers during the day's engagement were 1 commissioned officer and 11 enlisted men wounded; none killed or missing. First Lieutenant Charles A. Ahreets, acting adjutant of the regiment, received a severe scalp wound from a bullet during the charge, which disabled him from further service for the day. I cannot speak of this young officer in too high terms of praise. His gallantry deserves especial mention, while the conduct of all present was meritorious in a high degree. Although his wound still remains painful and troublesome, he is now with his regiment and again on duty. The enemy having withdrawn during the night of the 15th instant, my regiment accompanied the brigade in pursuit the following morning, passing the Oostenaula River about 10 a. m. the 16th, continuing the march toward

