
the Coosawattee River, which we crossed at Bryant's Ferry in boats about 5 p. m. Passing on one mile and a half, the regiment went in camp for the night. May 17, the day following, we marched at 1 p. m.; the regiment having the lead and acting as advance guard to the division; halted near Calhoun at Peters' farm about 6 p. m., where we encamped for the night. On the 18th marched at 5 a. m., encamping the same night on the Kingston road. Marched the following morning at 6.30 a. m. toward Cassville; crossed Two-Run Creek; moving beyond about two miles, the regiment went in camp with the brigade, where it now remains.

I have the honor to be, captain, your most obedient servant,

ALLAN H. JACKSON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding 134th Regiment New York Vols.

Captain C. C. BROWN,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS 134TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, near Acworth, Ga., June 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of movements and part taken in action by the One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers from May 19 ultimo to June 7 instant:

Pursuant to orders on the morning of the 19th May, the regiment left its place of bivouac of the night previous near-and moved with the brigade on a road leading through the woods in direction of Cassville; crossed Two-Run Creek about 6 p. m., and went in camp on the left of brigade, one mile and a half from Cassville. Remained in camp the 20th, 21st, and 22nd days of May following. May 23, broke camp at 5 a. m. and moved with the brigade toward the Etowah River, crossed the same on pontoon bridge about 4 p. m., and bivouacked in the woods at a distance of one mile from the river. May 24, abandoned bivouac of night previous at 5 a. m., and moved with brigade on road leading to Burnt Hickory; crossed Burnt Hickory Ridge and went into camp on rising ground about four miles distant from Pumpkin Vine Creek. May 25, moved with the brigade at 5 a. m. in same direction pursued the day previous. The enemy being discovered near the bridge crossing Pumpkin Vine Creek, which bridge they had succeeded in partially burning, a halt of half an hour was made until the same could be repaired, the One hundred and thirty-fourth and One hundred and nineteenth New York Volunteers being ordered to throw out skirmishers to the left and right to the road during the time thus occupied; crossed the bridge about 11 a. m., following the road in direction of Dallas. The enemy being found in force after proceeding about two miles from the creek, the regiment formed line of battle across the road, the One hundred and thirty-fourth in position second in line from the right of the brigade. This disposition being soon after changed, the One hundred and thirty-fourth line with the brigade on the left of the road, throwing out skirmishers to cover its front. This position was held without the regiment participating in the engagement going on to the right until 5 p. m., when, an advance being ordered, the regiment filed across the road, forming in line with the same position first taken; moved forward in direction of the firing, which at this time had become general, a distance of about

16 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT II.

