
half a mile, the regiment being, during the last half of the advance, under fire of the enemy; halted under orders thirty yards in rear of the Third Brigade, which had the advance line. Night closing in, the regiment constructed a temporary breast-work of loose timber in their front, and rested in line for the night. May 26, completed the fortification commenced the night previous, and continued to hold the same position through this and the 27th day of May following. May 28, at 1 p. m. the regiment left its position of the two days previous, and advanced to the first line of works, relieving the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers; threw out skirmishers from thirty to fifty yards in front. Remained in this position during the night; also during the day and night of the 29th of May following. About midnight of the 29th the enemy advanced a strong line beyond their works, with the evident intention of assailing our position. Being met, however, by a fierce discharge of grape and canister from the batteries on our left and a warm musketry fire from our works, the enemy were speedily pulsed and forced to retire within their works. May 30, relieved from the first line of works 8 a. m. by the One hundred and fifty-fourth New York and retired to the third line, occupying the position evacuated by the regiment relieving; remained in this position until 12 m. of June 1. The corps being at this time relieved by the Fifteenth Army Corps, the One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers left the ground occupied by it for the past seven days and moved with the brigade in the direction of Acworth; bivouacked for the night on the road leading to such place.

June 2, moved with the brigade at 10 a. m., pursuing the direction of the day previous; went into camp to the rear of and left of the Twenty-third Army Corps; occupied this position the 3d, 4th, and 5th days of June following. June 6, moved with the brigade at 6 a. m. on the road leading to Marietta; halted at 2 p. m. and constructed a breast-work on the left of the road; went in camp to its rear, where the regiment still remains. The casualties of the regiment during the above period were 5 enlisted men wounded, none killed or missing. These casualties occurred during the advance made on the night of the 25th.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

ALLAN H. JACKSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 134th New York Vols.

Captain C. C. BROWN,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 227.

Report of Captain Otis Guffin, One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 134TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Atlanta, Ga., September 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit the following report of movements and part taken in action by the One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers, from May 4, 1864, for the approval of the brigade commander:

The One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers broke camp at Lookout Valley, Tenn., at 2 p. m. on May 4, 1864, and marched

