
25th; crossed Pumpkin Vine Creek about 1 p. m.; formed and advanced with the brigade; met the enemy and charged them under a heavy fire of grape and canister; gained a position and fortified, and held the works until the 29th, when we advanced during the night, and threw up works. On the 30th the regiment was relieved by the One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers, and retired to the second line of works. On June 1 the One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers was relieved by a position of the Fifteenth Army Corps, and marched to the left, and went into camp in the woods, in the rear of the Twenty-third Corps. Remained in camp the 2d, 3d, 4th, and 5th. One the 6th moved forward and threw out skirmishers; found the enemy in earth-works; the regiment fortified and remained in works until the 14th, at which time the One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers went on picket. Relieved from picket and advanced and fortified. Remained in works on the 15th. One the 16th advanced in front of works and fortified during the night. On the morning of the 17th, the enemy having retreated, the One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers, deployed as skirmishers for the brigade, advanced and found the enemy strongly intrenched; halted and threw up works and remained in them until the 19th, when we advanced as skirmish; halted and fortified. Were relieved on the 20th by the Third Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Corps. On the 21st were relieved by a part of the Fourth Corps; moved to the right and erected works. Skirmished with the enemy on the 22nd and threw up works during the night. Strengthened the works on the 23rd and held them during the 24th, 25th, and 26th. On the 27th were ordered to advance on the enemy near Kenesaw Mountain; charged under a heavy fire from the enemy; gained a position and fortified. Remained in works on the 28th, 29th, and 30th. Were relieved by a portion of the Fourteenth Corps on July 1; moved to the right and relieved part of the Twenty-third Corps. On the 2nd the regiment was employed in strengthening the works, and on the 3d, the enemy having retreated, the One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers advanced as skirmishers; halted at 6 p. m. and went into camp for the night. Remained in camp on the 4th. Marched at 7 a. m. on the 5th; bivouacked for the night near Marietta, Ga. Marched at 8 a. m. on the 6th and halted at 5 p. m. for the night. Moved to the right on the 7th and went into camp near Nickajack Creek. Remained in camp until 5 p. m. of the 17th, when the regiment moved to the left and crossed the Chattahoochee River at Pace's Ferry, and halted at 11 p. m. and bivouacked for the night. On the 18th advanced in line through works; halted at 6 p. m. and threw up earth-works; bivouacked for the night. Advanced on the 19th and crossed Peach Tree Creek; skirmished with the enemy; fortified during the night. On the 20th moved forward from works and took position with the brigade. At about 3 p. m. the enemy made several desperate assaults on our lines and the regiment was forced to retire a short distance; the enemy were repulsed and fell back; during the night the regiment fortified and bivouacked on the field. Remained in works on the 21st, and on the 22nd advanced with the brigade and threw up earth-works near Atlanta, Ga. Remained in fortifications on the 23d, 24th, 25th, and 26th and erected new earth-works on the 27th, and advanced and occupied them. The One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers remained in

