
works near the city until 9 p. m. of the 25th, when, in accordance with orders, the regiment fell back to the Chattahoochee River and threw up fortifications near Pace's Ferry and occupied them until 3 p. m. of September 2, 1864, when the One hundred and thirty-fourth marched with the brigade and entered the city of Atlanta at 8 p. m., where the regiment still remains.*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

OTIS GUFFIN,

Captain Company F, Commanding Regiment.

Captain T. H. LEE,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 228.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Daniel B. Allen, One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Infantry, of operations May 8.
HDQRS. 154TH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Near Dug Gap, Ga., May 9, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of my command during the engagement which took place at Dug Gap yesterday:

The regiment formed in line of battle at the foot of the mountain, with the One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers and Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers on our right, and the Seventy-third Pennsylvania Volunteers on our left, and advanced up the mountain on the right of the road leading through Dup Gap. When we had reached a point about half way up the mountain the regiments on our right became separated from us, which occasioned the necessity of extending our line to the right, which greatly weakened it. We advanced steadily up the mountain and gained a position under a ledge of rocks at the crest. Here we halted a few moments for rest before making a charge upon the strong position in our front, and were constantly exposed to a severe enfilading fire from a position the enemy held on our right flank. I immediately ordered a bayonet charge, which was executed with the greatest heroism, and our colors were planted for an instant upon the crest, but the superior strength of the enemy as regards position and numbers, both in front and on our right flank, rendered the greatest valor unavailing, and we were compelled to fall back with heavy loss. I then reformed my command and took up a position more to the right and on the left of the line which the One hundred and thirty-fourth New York and Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers had formed after being separated from us in our ascent of the mountain. Here we remained until dark, when I received orders to withdraw to the foot of the mountain. During the march previous to reaching the foot of the mountain three companies had been detached as skirmishers, and were not with the command at the time of the assault upon the crest of the mountain, and escaped with slight loss. Our loss, confined almost entirely to the remaining seven companies, consisting of about 135 men, was 8 killed, 42

---------------

* Nominal list of casualties accompanying this report shows 20 killed, 73 wounded, and 13 missing.

---------------

