
wounded, and 14 missing. I cannot to highly commend the bravery displayed by both officers and men. During the action Colonel Jones was disabled, whence the command and the duty of making this report devolves upon me.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAN. B. ALLEN,

Lieutenant Colonel 154th New York Vols., Commanding Regiment.

Colonel A. BUSCHBECK,

Commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 229.

Report of Major Lewis D. Warner, One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 154TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Atlanta, Ga., September 8, 1864.

COLONEL: In obedience to instructions of circular of the 6th instant, I have the honor transmit the following report of the part taken by the regiment now under my command in the various movements of the Army of Georgia, from May 4 to September 2, 1864:

May 4, broke camp at 4 p. m., crossed the northeast slope of Lookout Mountain, and encamped in the valley of Chattanooga Creek; the regiment under the command of Colonel P. H. Jones. May 5, marched at 8 a. m.; passed through Rossville Gap, and encamped near Burr Oak Church; the regiment, being detailed as near guard to the train, did not arrive at its encampment until near midnight. May 6, marched early and encamped near Pea Vine Church. May 7, marched early, passing Taylor's Mill, and crossing Taylor's Ridge at Gordon's Springs Gap, and after marching six or seven miles toward Dalton encamped in line of battle in a thick wood. May 8, at 11 a. m. received orders to fall in at once and proceed on a reconnaissance; after proceeding about four miles we emerged from the woods in front of Rocky Face Ridge near Dug Gap, and it was understood that an assault was to be made upon the mountain, which was in possession of the enemy. The line of battle of the Second Brigade was formed as follows: The One hundred and thirty-fourth New York on the right, then the Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania, One hundred and fifty-fourth New York, and Seventy-third Pennsylvania, the One hundred and nineteenth New York in front as skirmishers. The Thirty-third New Jersey had not arrived upon the ground; the Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania was designated as the battalion of direction. These dispositions being made and the skirmish line re-enforced by a detachment from each regiment, Company G of the One hundred and fifty-fourth being thus deployed (the First Brigade, I understand, was upon our left), the advance was sounded and we crossed and we crossed the open fields, which were intersected by several fences and a considerable creek, and over two ranges of foot-hills and found ourselves at the base of the main hill before we met with any resistance. Here, however, we were met by a brisk fire of the enemy, who, firing from behind the rocks which crowned the summit of the ridge, could,

