
upon a limited space of ground and in a dense wood. At dark the One hundred and fifty-fourth, which the Seventy-third and Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania as a support, was directed to relieve a portion of the front line (the right), which was in front of a redoubt containing four pieces of artillery, from which the enemy had been driven, but which our boys our boys were unable to remove. Our instructions were, after getting into position, to dig a road into the redoubt and take out the guns. We accordingly moved to the top of the hill and took position, the One hundred and fifty-fourth in front, the Twenty-seventh and Seventy-third in rear. After procuring the necessary tools a portion of the men were set at work digging a road into the front of the redoubt, while another portion was occupied in bringing up rails from below and erecting a breast-works along our front. While engaged in this work the enemy, who were but a few yards in our arrival had remained quiet, suddenly opened a brisk fire upon our men, who not expecting an attack were somewhat surprised, and the two regiments in our rear fell back to the foot of the hill, as did a portion of the One hundred and fifty-fourth, principally those who were using the shovels or carrying the rails. The balance remained in their position, and I had formed those who fell back into line, and was about to return with them to the redoubt when Colonel Buschbeck ordered the remainder to be withdrawn, and we bivouacked at the foot of the hill. It was not cowardice which caused these men to thus abandon their position. They were moved to the front after dark, and could obtain but a limited view of the position, or that of the enemy, the whole hill being covered with a dense forest. Our loss this day was 4 men wounded, as per Schedule B. May 16, the enemy having evacuated their works during the night, we were early on the march in pursuit, crossed the railroad and moved to the left of Resaca; crossed the north branch of the Oostenaula River by wading, and about 3 p. m. halted near the south branch of the same stream. Lieutenant-Colonel Allen having been taken sick this day the command of the regiment devolved upon me. Here I, which nearly my whole command, was detailed to go up the river to Field's Ferry, some three or four miles, and bring down two ferry-boats, for the purpose of constructing a bridge for the passage of the troops and trains. On arriving at the ferry it was found to be above a very high dam, and it was agreed that it could not be got over with safety. I was therefore directed by Colonel Asmussen to remain with my detachment and superintend the transportation of such troops and trains as he might send to this ferry. In obedience to this order, I remained at the ferry through the night. May 17, was relieved at 6 a. m. and started to join the brigade, which had crossed below; arrived in camp at 10.30 a. m., and at 1 p. m. fell in and marched to Calhoun, where we bivouacked for the night. May 18, marched early and encamped near the village of Adairsville. May 19, the regiment was detailed to guard the ammunition train, which remained here nearly all day, starting out just before sunset, and about 10 p. m. parked one mile from Cassville, and the regiment bivouacked near by and one mile from the brigade; remained here until the morning of May 23, when the regiment left camp at 3.30 a. m. and joined the brigade, which was to march at 4, but did not leave camp until 6; passed through Cassville and Cass Station, and directed our course toward the Etowah River, which we crossed on a pontoon bridge, and bivouacked near its southern bank. May 24, marched at 6 a. m. May

