
25, marched at 6.45 a. m.; crossed Pumpkin Vine Creek at 10 a. m.; about 12 m. came to a halt, as our advance had encountered the enemy. The One hundred and fifty-fourth was first formed on the left of the road, by division in mass, facing to the front, and then deployed facing to the left, and directed to erect a barricade in front of their position. A short time before sunset, line of battle was formed, the One hundred and fifty-fourth on the left of, and their right resting on, the road, the Thirty-third New Jersey on our left, One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania on our right. In this formation we advanced near two miles, driving the enemy steadily before us, until darkness put an end to the conflict, and our troops all lay upon their arms all night, ready to repel any attack which the enemy might make. May 26, the enemy having erected during the night a strong line of works about 200 yards in front of our position, we were directed at daylight to erect works to protect our front, and the One hundred and fifty-fourth went to work with the troops of the first line, and erected a line of works to cover the front of the first line, and then we erected a barricade in front of our own position, which was the second line, though but a few yards in rear of the first line. Here we remained through the day. May 27, remained in the same position as yesterday, which is the extreme left of the Twentieth and connects with the Fourth on our left; heavy skirmishing all day. Our artillery was in position this morning and opened on the enemy. May 28, this morning the enemy opened with artillery, which, however, did but little damage; remained in position here until near night, when the regiment was moved to the right, and nearly all detailed to carry timber to build an advance line of works, which labor was continued through the night. May 29, the men were relieved at daylight and at once went to work and erected a work in front of their own position, where we remained through the day. May 30, this morning the One hundred and fifty-fourth relieved the One hundred and thirty-fourth in the front and threw out skirmishers to cover our front. At dark I directed my skirmishers to dig pits to shelter themselves from the enemy's fire, which had not been done previously on this part of the line. I also directed them not to fire unless they saw something to fire at, and the result was the most quiet night since we have been in our present position. May 31, at 7 a. m. we were relieved by the Thirty-third New Jersey and fell back to the position previously occupied by that regiment, which was in rear of brigade headquarters.

June 1, at 9 a. m. fifty men were detailed to cut material for abatis. At 12 m. we were relieved by troops from the Fifteenth Corps, and moved to the left. After marching about six miles we bivouacked for the night, and the One hundred and fifty-fourth was detailed to picket the division front. It was near 10 p. m. ere the picket was posted, under the direction of Lieutenant-Colonel Fourat, division officer of the day. Our loss since May 15 has been 2 officers and 10 men wounded, as per Schedule C. June 2, at 11 a. m. received orders to withdraw the picket and join the brigade preparatory to a move. Marched about four miles and again encamped, where we remained until June 6. June 6, marched at 5.30 a. m.; the One hundred and fifty-fourth leading the division; advanced about four miles and took position facing the south, which we at once proceeded to fortify, the Second Brigade in one line, the One hundred and nineteenth New York on the right and the Seventy-third Pennsylvania on the left of the One hundred and fifty-fourth.

