
from 100 to 25 yards; the enemy's works rendered useless, but not carried. Casualties: Wounded, 643 weer admitted to hospital. Disposition of wounded; To Acworth in ambulances, and from there in box-cars to Chattanooga, each detachment accompanied by medical officers and a sufficient number of attendants to look after the interests of the patients while in transit.

From the 17th to the June a series of skirmishes occurred along the edge of Nancy's or Noyes's Creek, on which our command was in position, said skirmishes being a part of the general maneuver and sorties for the possession of Kenesaw Mountain. Field hospital: was moved seven times to accommodate itself to the varying position of the command; twice it was driven from its position by the enemy's shells, the formation of the land in the rear of the troops not being favorable to protection. Character of the fire: Musketry and artillery; desultory. Casualties: 504 patients from gunshot wounds were received from the skirmish line and admitted in hospital during this time. Disposition of wounded: Transferred by ambulance to Acworth and transferred to department hospital at that place.

On the 1st of July the command left Kenesaw Mountain and followed the enemy to the Chattahoochee; skirmishing the entire way, but with few casualties, 71 being the number admitted to hospital for the nineteen days ending June 19. On the 17th the command crossed the Chattahoochee, and on the 20th Peach Tree Creek. Battle of Peach Tree Creek: Commenced about 3 p. m. on July 20 and consisted of a series of assaults on the part of the enemy, each of which was repulsed with great loss to him, and terminating on leaving us complete masters of the situation. The field hospitals were situated about one mile from the battle-field, and were, with a single exception, in operating order by the time the wounded had commenced to arrive. In the exceptional case (Third Division, William Grinsted, U. S. Volunteers, surgeon in chief) the want of system was painfully apparent, and but for the kindness of the medical gentleman tendered, much suffering would have ensued. Character of the fire; Musketry at short range, no artillery being used by the enemy. Casualties: 1,051 Federal wounded and 106 Confederate wounded were admitted in the three division hospitals during and shortly subsequent to the battle. Operations: 169 amputations and 42 excisions were made during the night and day following the battle. Disposition of the wounded; The wounded were sent to Marietta and transferred to the field hospital, Department of the Cumberland.

On the morning of July 21 the command moved forward, and taking a position about two miles from the center of the city, fortified, and the siege of Atlanta commenced. Siege of Atlanta: Commencing July 21 and lasting a period of forty-two days, terminating in the evacuations of the city by the enemy's forces on the morning of the 2nd of September, and its immediate occupancy by this command. During this period of forty-two days the proximity was such as to render the slightest exposure of the person hazardous in the extreme, more particularly in front of the First Division. Casualties admitted to the hospital during the siege foot up in the aggregate to 366, of which number 43 died after admission. Operations: Amputations to the number of 45 were performed, from which 2 deaths followed. Disposition of wounded: No wounded or sick have been sent to the rear since the commencement of the siege, and although our

