
Remained here until the 14th, without anything of importance transpiring. June 14, about 10 a. m. was ordered to fall in for picket. Marched out on the Acworth road about one mile; posted the picket, which was, however, hardly done, when I received orders to return to camp at once, which was done as soon as possible, and then the brigade moved out on the Marietta road about two miles and bivouacked near Pine Knob, which was occupied by the enemy. June 15, marched about 11 a. m. to the left of the position which the enemy evacuated last night. After moving about one mile by the flank the brigade was formed in line of battle, and the One hundred and fifty-fourth deployed as skirmishers here to cover its front. In this order we advanced about half a mile, when, on reaching the crest of the high hill, we were met by a heavy fire from the enemy's skirmishers, who were securely posted behind a strong line of detached pits not more than 250 yards in our front. Our boys each sprang to a tree, and returned the fire with spirit. In advancing up the hill, my line of skirmishers became separated somewhat from the Third Brigade, which was on our left, and the First, which was on the right, had crowded too far to the left, and I was ordered to move my men by the flank to the left, which, in their present position, was a perilous move, as they had no protection, except that afforded by the trees. The order, however, was carried out, but with the loss of several men. After keeping up a brisk fire upon the enemy for about an hour they were driven from their defenses and our boys at once, with loud cheers, commenced the pursuit, which was kept up for about a mile, when we were brought to a halt by a heavy fire from a strong line of works, with abatis and heavy slashing in front, and where the enemy were in force. Such was the ardor and enthusiasm of our men, however, that many of them penetrated the slashing to the very foot of the abatis, from whence, after dark, they withdrew. Our lines, following closely behind the skirmishers, soon formed in front of the works, and a heavy fire was kept up far into the night. As fast as the skirmishers could be got in I formed my regiment in rear of the first line, where we rested until near midnight, when we were ordered to the right to fill a space to the left of the First Brigade. Here we worked hard erecting breast-works until after daylight of the 16th, and were then marched back to our original position, where we remained during the day without defenses to protect us from the balls of the enemy. At dark we were ordered to the right to relieve the Seventy-third, and occupied nearly the whole night in building breast-works to protect us in this position. I also caused my skirmishers to take advantage of the darkness and fortify their positions, which were much exposed to the enemy's musketry. Our loss during these two days was 4 men killed and 2 officers and 19 men wounded, as per Schedule D. June 17, the enemy having evacuated their works during the night, we were early on the move; crossed the deserted works, and, after moving by the flank for one mile and a half, again found ourselves in the neighborhood of the enemy, who held a fortified position on a range of hills some distance in our front; formed line of battle, brigade in two lines, One hundred and fifty-fourth on the right of the second line. In this order advanced about one mile, most of the distance through an almost impenetrable jungle. After emerging from this into an open field the brigade was placed in position in single line, and at dark erected breast-works in front of the entire line, which occu-

