
pied a large part of the night. June 18, remained here until the morning of the 19th. June 19, the enemy again having fallen back, we moved in pursuit, but at a very slow rate, in consequence of the state of the roads; advanced about two miles and again took position, the One hundred and fifty-fourth in support of our batteries, passing most of the night in intrenching and slashing. June 20, about 12 m. relieved the Third Brigade, which was on our right. June 21, at 7 a.m. was relieved by troops from the Fourth Corps and moved farther to the right, where we erected a line of works to cover our front. June 22, about noon left our works and advanced about three-quarters of a mile across a wood in our front to be in force. Here we erected another line of works, and our boys did considerable skirmishing in our front; under arms until nearly midnight, in anticipation of an attack. Remained here until the 27th, with no incident of importance, except the constant skirmishing. June 27, soon after daylight the brigade moved to the left, in front of the position of the First and Third Brigades, and then advanced some three-quarters of a mile, the One hundred and fifty-fourth on the right of the line. We advanced so far, ere the order to halt was given that the right of the line was exposed to a flank fire from the enemy's skirmishers, which rendered it necessary for me to change front to the rear on the left. As soon as we were in position we threw up breast-works to cover our front, which, from its proximity to the enemy, was much exposed, and especially our right. Remained here until the eve of the 30th. Our loss since the 16th of June is 1 man killed and [several] wounded, as per Schedule E. June 30, at dark we were relieved by troops of the Fourteenth Corps and moved to the rear and then to the right and relieved a portion of the Twenty-third Corps. This movement occupied nearly the whole night, it being 3 a.m. of July 1 when we got into position, which was in the second line, and on the right of the Powder Springs road.

July 1, at daylight I was ordered to move any regiment out to the front line to fill a gap therein; remained there until 3 p.m. when I was relieved by troops of the Third Brigade and rejoined the Second Brigade in the second line. Just before night the brigade moved to the right to fill the gap between that and the

Twenty-third Corps; repaired our works, slashed our works, &amp;c. Remained here over the 2d. July 3, the enemy having again abandoned their works, we were early on the advance in the direction of the river. After some five or six miles we again found the enemy in position; took position in an open field in their front, the Second Brigade in the first line. Remained here over the 4th, with no incident, except the usual amount of skirmishing. July 5, the enemy having once more cleared the way, we advanced over their deserted works and marched to within two miles of the river, and near Nickajack Creek, and encamped. July 6, in the afternoon moved to the left, across the creek and encamped with prospects of remaining some days. July 7, moved camp to the front about three-quarters of a mile, and remained here until July 17, with no other duties than those of picket and ordinary camp policing, &c. July 17, broke camp at 4 p.m and crossed the river at Pace's Ferry upon the pontoon bridge, and encamped about midnight on the eastern bank. July 18, at 10 a.m. the brigade broke camp, and, crossing Nancy's Creek advanced by the flank about half a mile, and then formed line of battle, facing

