
the south, in which formation advanced near two miles through a nearly impenetrable forest, the One hundred and fifty-fourth on the left of the brigade line, and connected on the left with the troops of the Third Division. Near sundown took position and proceeded to fortify, which work occupied fully one-half of the night. July 19, marched in the direction of Peach Tree Creek, which we crossed late in the afternoon, and took position on a hill in the front, which we proceeded to fortify, the One hundred and fifty-fourth was in the reserve; labor of fortifying occupied a god part of the night. July 20, about 7 a.m. moved out about half a mile to the front, rested two hours, and then advanced to a position near the foot of the eminence on which our front line rested, with artillery support. The Second Brigade was in the reserve in two lines, the One hundred and fifty-fourth, in the second line and on the left of the One hundred and thirty-fourth, which was on the right. The Thirty-third New Jersey formed the right of the first line of the brigade. This regiment being ordered to the front, the One hundred and thirty-fourth and One hundred and fifty-fourth formed the only support of the first line, which was on the top of the hill, with no intrenchments in their front. When the firing commenced these two regiments advanced up the hill to the support of the first line, obliquing considerably to the right, so that the right of the One hundred and thirty-fourth covered the extreme right of the line. The men were here ordered to lie down with their arms in their hands. Not many moments had elapsed before the enemy attacked our front and flank in strong force. The first line at once gave way before the fire which was hurled against it, and feel back in confusion through our lines, to which their panic was communicated, and the whole right of the line retreated to the foot of the hill and back to the position we left in the morning. Lieutenant-Colonel Allen, who had been in command of the regiment, being too much exhausted for duty, I here collected the men together, reformed my lines, and moved out to a position ont he left of the First Division, which we at once proceeded to fortify, and where we remained until the morning of the 22d. Our loss this day was 1 man killed, 1 officer and 4 men wounded, and 1 man missing, as per Schedule F. July 22, the enemy having again retired from our front, we were early on the move, and advanced and took position in front of the defenses proper of the city, behind which the enemy had retired. Here we proceeded at once to intrench our entire front; cut down the timber which might shelter the enemy in an attack upon our works. Remained here until the 26th, engaged in picket, fatigue, and camp duties. July 26, after dark we moved into a new line of works, which had been in process of construction for several days, about 400 yards in front of our former position; the One hundred and fifty-fourth was third in line from the right, the One hundred and thirty-fourth on our right, and the One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania on our left. Here we remained until the evening of August 25, without any event occurring of sufficient importance to note.

August 25, at daylight the One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania, which was on our left, was detailed to accompany the pioneer train, and I extended my tents so as to hide from the enemy the change which had been made. After dark the whole line packed up, and at 9 p.m. left their works and marched to Pace's Ferry, arriving there a little after daylight of the 26th. August 26, heavy detail from

