
the regiment with axes, slashing along the road in front of the position of the Third Brigade. In afternoon moved to the right and took position on a sharp knoll, the regiment forming the left of the brigade; built a strong line of works on our front, and established a camp in rear. Remained here until noon of the 29th, fixing up camp, and furnishing heavy details as axmen in the extensive slashings in our front and right. August 29, at 12 m. ordered to strike our tents and move to the left of the First Brigade, which was on our right, to relieve a portion of that brigade; moved to the designated position and at once proceeded to intrench, lay out camp, &amp;c. Our regiment here occupied four detached works, and the camp was much extended. Remained here until September 2, each day making heavy details for slashing the timber in our front, policing cam, &c.

September 2, at 12 m. received orders to pack up at once and join the brigade, which was to march to Atlanta immediately; struck tents and joined the brigade on the main road from the ferry; was directed to march in rear of the artillery, in this order entered the city just after dark, and bivouacked for the night near the City Hall.

At the engagements of May 8,15 and July 2 I was not in command of the regiment, Colonel Jones being in command on the first and Lieutenant-Colonel Allen on the last two occasions.*

All of which is respectfully submitted.

L. D. WARNER,

Major, Commanding 154th New York Volunteers.

Colonel G. W. MINDIL,

Commanding Second Brigadier, Second Div., 20th Army Corps

Numbers 230.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel August Riedt, Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations May 4-22.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SEVENTH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,Near Cassville, Ga., May 22, 1864

SIR: According to orders received, I have the honor to submit herewith the official report of the movements and actions from May 4, the time the Twenty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers left the camp at Lookout Station, to May 21, 1864, in so far as it affects said Twenty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.

May 4, the regiment received orders to march in the afternoon and to join the brigade at the foot of Lookout Mountain, and had to follow the One hundred and nineteenth New York volunteers. Lookout Mountain was crossed on the mountain road and the brigade continued marching on the road leading to Rossville; at about seven miles distant from Lookout Valley camp, the regiment encamped for the night. May 5, the regiment marched about ten miles on the road toward La Fayette, Ga., and had to follow the Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, on the march; the camp was ordered on a hill fronting the road. May 6, the regiment received orders to start at 5 a.m., it having the advance of the brigade and division. Two

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties accompanying this report shows 14 killed, 94 wounded, and 7 missing.

---------------

