
Numbers 231.

Reports of Major Charles C. Cresson, Seventy-third Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 73rd Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLS.,May 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I would most respectfully submit the following report of the part taken in the action at Mill Creek, Ga., May 8, 1864:

Our regiment was formed in line of battle on the left of the One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers being the extreme left of the brigade. The regiment marched forward, the center resting on the road leading over the mountain, the regiment proceeding slowly on account of the steepness of the mountain, occasionally resting. On moving forward, the skirmishers kept up a continuous firing when within about twenty yards of the crest of the mountain; the regiment halted here and an incessant firing was kept up. We were here about fifteen minutes, when the regiment on the right (Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers) broke, causing the Seventy-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers to fall back to the front of the mountain, where the regiment was again formed in line of battle, and ordered up the mountain again to the right, to the assistance of the One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers. Reaching the crest of the mountain, I here received orders to hold possession of the mountain while the One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers and Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers made an attack on the enemy on the right. About 7 p.m. I received orders to fall back slowly; moving to the right, the regiment reported to Colonel A. Buschbeck, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, who ordered the regiment to proceed to the division hospital; there camped and furnished picket.

I am, captain, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. C. CRESSON,

Major, Commanding Seventy-third Regiment Pennsylvania Vet. Vols.

Captain C. C. BROWN,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.

HDQRS. 73rd Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLS.,

Near Cassville, Ga., May 21, 1864

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following incidents transpiring in the Seventy-third Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, since May 8, 1864:

May 9, remained in camp at division hospital, furnishing pickets; about 5 p.m. reported to brigade headquarters; men on duty most of the night throwing up breast-works. May 10, men still employed in finishing the breast-works. May 11, the regiment was ordered on picket duty, the regiment being divided, half picketing in the rear and the other half in the front. May 12, marched at about 8 a.m., the half of the regiment doing picket in the rear the day previous marched with the brigade, the other half, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Jackson, acted as wagon guard, joining the brigade at about 9 p.m. May 13, marched at about 11 a.m.; encamped at about 9 p.m. behind the breast-works. May 14, remained inactive behind the breast-works; received orders to march at about 10

