
p.m., marching toward the left of the line; encamped about 4 a.m., May 15, 1864. May 15, the regiment broke camp about 10 a.m., marched forward and arrived at the scene of action about 1 p.m..; formed line of battle, and ordered on the left of the One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers; brigade moved forward to the support of the Third Division, the regiment moving up the hill, arriving at a line of breast-works. The regiment was here ordered to halt and remain in the works; remained here until about 9 p.m., when the regiment, together with the One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers and Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, was ordered out to relieve the One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers and Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, was ordered out to relieve the One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, One hundred and nineteenth New York Volunteers, and One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers, who were out on the front line. The regiment here remained until about 1 p.m. While here the regiment assisted in hauling from the fort 4 guns captured from the enemy. The regiment was ordered back and encamped on the hill. During this day the regiment lost 5 men severely wounded. May 16, the regiment moved with the corps nothing of interest transpiring. May 17, 18, and 19, on the march, nothing of interest transpiring. May 20, marched at about 8 a.m., arrived near Cassville, Ga., and went into camp at about 8 p.m. May 21, received orders for the men to make themselves comfortable and prepare for further movements.

I am, captain your most obedient servant,

CHAS. C. CRESSON,

Major, Commanding Seventy-third Regiment Pennsylvania Vet. Vols.

Captain C. C. BROWN,

Act. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier 2nd Div., 20th Corps.
HDQRS. 73rd Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLS.,June 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders received from headquarters, I hereby submit a report of the Seventy-third Regiment [Pennsylvania] Veteran Volunteers from May 19, to June 7, 1864.

May 19, camped near Cassville. May 20, still in camp; the regiment engaged in cleaning; men comfortable. May 21, still in camp; received orders to make preparations for twenty days' march. May 22, still in camp; regiment inspected by Brigadier-General Geary, commanding Second Division; received censure for the general bad condition of the regiment. May 23, marched about 8 a.m.,; brigade encamped in the woods; regiment goes on picket; pickets connecting on the right with pickets of the Third Division, on the left with pickets of the First Division; furnished effective force report. May 24, relieved from picket and marched about 5 a.m.; marched during the day; encamped about 7 p.m. in the woods. May 25, marched about 6 a.m. the advance met with the enemy about 11.30 a.m., the regiment erected breast-works on left of road near Pumpkin Vine Cree, and near Dallas, Ga., ordered into line of battle about 6 p.m. connecting on the right with the One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers; advanced about three-quarters of a mile in line of battle; came up with the advance line, and was slightly engaged, when it becoming dark the firing ceased;

17 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT II

