
moved back a short distance; regiment laid on arms during the night; lost 6 men seriously wounded. May 26, engaged in throwing up breast-works; regiment in second line of battle. May 27, still in position; the day previous 4 men seriously wounded; furnished field returns. May 28, still in position; the enemy shell us, using shrapnel and percussion-shell, seriously wounding 3 men; about 7 p.m., changed our position about 100 yards to the right on the same line. May 29, still in same position; 1 man slightly wounded. May 30, moved into front line of rifle-pits relieving One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers; threw out skirmishers to the front about 5 p.m.; detachment Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers transferred from the Seventy-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers to One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers. May 31, relieve by Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers about 8 a.m.; regiment takes position in third line of battle.

June 1, relieved about 10 a.m. by regiment from Fifteenth Army Corps; moved to the left about two miles; encamped in the woods for the night. June 2, marched about 11 a.m. encamped about 3 p.m. in the woods for the night. June 3 still in camp. June 4, still in camp. June 5, still in camp; received orders to be ready to march at a moment's notice; regimental inspection and inspection report. June 6, marched at 5.30 a.m.; halted about 2 p.m. in the woods to left of road leading to Marietta; built breast-works. June 7, still in camp.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. C. CRESSON,

Major Commanding Seventy-third Regiment Pennsylvania Vet. Vols.

Captain C. C. BROWN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Corps.
HDQRS. 73rd Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLS.,Near Atlanta, Ga., September 8, 1864.

SIR: In pursuance of orders received from headquarters September 6, 1864, I would most respectfully submit the following report:

The regiment broke camp at Lookout Valley, Tenn.,, on the afternoon of May 4 at 4 o'clock; crossed Lookout Mountain and marched about four miles, and camped for the night at 7 p.m.; resumed the march on the following morning about 8 o'clock. Nothing of interest during 5th; camped about 5 p.m. Resumed march about 8 a.m.; marched throughout the day of May 6; halted about 9 p.m.; the regiment was placed on picket. Was relieved from picket the morning of the 7th about 5 o'clock marched throughout the day, and camped about 6 p.m. Resumed the march on the morning of the 8th, about 7 o'clock, coming up with the enemy at Dug Gap. About 11 a.m. formed in line of battle on the edge of the woods right resting on the One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers, the left of the regiment being the extreme left of the brigade, and making no connection marched forward, passing through a small creek. Reaching the foot of the hill, received orders from Colonel Buschbeck, commanding brigade, to have my center resting on a road running through the gap; met with no opposition until we arrived at the foot of the second hill, from which the enemy poured a heavy fire, through which we advanced until within about twenty yards of the crest, where the regiment halted it be-

