
ing impossible to move forward on account of loose rocks and steepness of the hill. On account of the heavy fire to which the regiment was exposed, it fell back to the foot of the hill, where the regiment was formed, and received orders to advance up the ridge to the right to the support of the One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers. Reaching the crest, I here received orders to hold my position. About 7 p.m. received orders to fall back to the base of the hill; after falling back, I reported to Colonel Buschbeck, commanding brigade, who ordered me to proceed to Second Division hospital and picket the road leading to the gap. In this engagement regiment lost 1 killed, 37 wounded, and 3 missing. Remained in camp on the 9th of May until 5 p.m., when I received orders to report with my regiment to the brigade, and went into camp; regiment employed all night in erecting breast-works. Remained in same position on the 10th, working on fortifications. On the 11th regiment went on picket. Relieved from picket on the 12th at 8 a.m. and resumed march; encamped for the night in open field about 8 p.m. Resumed march on the 13th about 11 a.m.; halted about 9 p.m. and finished some partly constructed breast-works., On the 14th remained behind works until 10 p.m., when we moved about five miles to the left; halted about 4 o'clock on the morning of the 15th and resumed march about 8 a.m. and marched about two miles to the left; halted about 1 p.m. and formed line of battle, the right of the regiment resting on the One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers, and left on Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers; moved forward to a hill in our front, when we halted behind a small breast-works where we remained for a short time, and moved again forward to support of Third Division, reaching the left of next hill, where we remained until about 9 p.m.., when I received orders, with One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers to relieve the One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, One hundred and nineteenth and One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers, who were in the front line. About 12 m. the enemy opened a brisk fire, without any effect. The regiment here assisted in bringing four guns from a small fort which was captured from the enemy. At daylight of the 16th we were ordered back, and took our former position. In this engagement the regiment lost 5 enlisted men wounded. Resumed our march about 8 a.m. On the 17th, 18th, 19th, and 20th were on the march; nothing of interest transpiring; camped near Cassville, Ga., 21st 22d, in camp. On the 22nd inspected by Brigadier-General Geary, commanding Second Division received orders to prepare for twenty days' march. Broke camp about 8 a.m. on the 23rd and resumed march; halted about 5 p.m. and regiment place don picket. Relieved on the 24th; 5. a.m. came up with the enemy; 11 a.m. threw up temporary breast-works; formed in line of battle about 6 p.m., right resting on One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, and left on One hundred and nineteenth New York Volunteers; moved forward and joined the first line. It becoming dusk, received orders from brigade commander, Colonel J. T. Lockman, to remain in my position then occupied. The enemy fired into the regiment with canister. On the morning of the 26th we changed position to the right and commenced erecting breast-works in front of Dallas, under fire of the enemy's batteries. On the morning of the 30th changed our position to the right and front line, relieving the

