
One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers. On the morning of the 31st was relieved and ordered to the rear line of works.

On the morning of June 1 was relieved by a regiment of the Fifteenth Corps, and moved four miles to the left of an old position. The regiment lost in this engagement 14 enlisted men wounded. Marched June 2 at 11 a.m., and encamped about 3 p.m. in the woods. During June 3,4, and 5 were lying in camp, nothing of interest transpiring. Marched about 5 a.m. on the morning of the 6th; halted at 2 p.m. and were building breast-works. During

June 7,8,9,10, and 11 in camp near Allatoona Creek. On the morning of June 12 received orders to march to the rear, for the purpose of guarding the wagon train; moved back, selected a position, and erecting breast-works remained here June 13. On the morning of June 14 received orders to rejoin brigade, and encamped about 4 p.m. On June 15 marched about half a mile. We formed in line of battle, the Seventy-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers being the extreme right of the brigade; connected on the left by One hundred and nineteenth New York Volunteers; moved forward along the crest of a hill, when orders came to march straight forward. In gaining the summit of a hill in our direct front, we were met by the enemy's skirmishers, who poured a very heavy fire into our lines. The skirmishers received orders to move forward at double-quick, driving the enemy's skirmishers back. Our skirmishers rejoining our main line, we moved forward, driving the enemy in to their works. We received orders to halt, and commenced a heavy fire, engaging the enemy from their works. It becoming dark, all heavy firing ceased, and during the night received orders to fortify our position. On the morning of the 16th the firing right was withdrawn. The enemy advanced their skirmishers and compelled my line to move back to a new position where, we remained during the day. In this engagement I am compelled to mention the loss of Captain Henry Hess, Company H, Seventy-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, who was a brave and efficient officer. In him the regiment [lost] one of its best soldiers. Captain Samuel D. Miller of Company B, and Lieutenant A. Harlfinger were severely wounded. In this engagement the regiment suffered severely, losing 3 commissioned officers and 36 enlisted men wounded, and 2 enlisted men killed. During the night of the 16th the enemy left. On the morning of the 17th again resumed march, coming up with the enemy at 11 a.m.; formed in second line of battle, connecting on the right [with] One hundred and nineteenth New York Volunteers, on the left with One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers; advancing about 300 yards, halted and commenced erecting breast-works. During the 18th remained in breast-works. On the 19th the enemy retreated. We advanced and halted about 2 p.m. On the 20th moved to the right, relieving part of the First Division. On the 21st was relieved at 8 a.m. by the Fourth Corps, and moved slightly to the right. On the 22nd moved forward into line, taking position on edge of woods; erected breast-works and moved slightly to the right. From the 23rd to 26th remained in position near Kenesaw Mountain. On the 27th moved to the left of the line and advanced over the works in line of battle, and advanced in line of battle over an open field, advancing through the woods; halted on the edge and erected breast-works. During

