
the 28th and 29th remained in position to the right of Kenesaw Mountain. On the 30th moved forward to right, relieving the Twenty-third Corps.

July 1 and 2, remained in position behind breast-works. On the 3rd moved forward and formed in line of battle in open field. On the 4th remained in camp. On the 5th moved forward and camped for the night at 7 p.m. On the 6th marched to Brown's Mill. On the 7th marched to Nickajack Creek. From the 8th to 17th remained in camp near Nickajack Creek. On the 17th left camp about 2 p.m. crossed Chattahoochee River at Pace's Ferry; about 9 p.m. encamped for the night about two miles on the south side of the river. On the 18th moved forward, halted about 10 p.m; erected breast-works. On the 19th moved forward, crossed Peach Tree Creek about 11 a.m. and erected breast-works. On the 20th moved forward on the Atlanta road about half a mile; here halted in the woods and stacked arms; about 3 p.m. a heavy firing opened in my immediate front. In absence of orders Colonel Jones being on a reconnaissance with Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, I moved forward and took position in rear of the One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, who were supporting the Thirteenth New York Artillery. A heavy fire being upon my flanks, I moved my regiment back about eighty yards, then changed position to the right, and moved forward to a small work in our front. Here we engaged the enemy for some two and a half hours, when they were compelled to fall back. I remained in position, and being separated from my brigade, I reported my proceedings to General Geary commanding Second Division, who ordered me to remain where I was. The Sixtieth New York Volunteers having been ordered up, I moved to the right and erected breast-works. In this engagement the regiment had 1 commissioned officer and 7 enlisted men wounded, and 3 missing. ON the 21st remained in position of the day previous. On the 22nd moved forward and took up position in front of Atlanta; erected breast-works. On the 27th advanced one-quarter of a mile and erected a new line of works. From the 28th of July to 24th of August in breast-works in front of Atlanta, nothing of particular notice occurring, the enemy shelling our works without doing any injury. On August 25 marched to the Chattahoochee River near Pace's Ferry. On the 26th the regiment was placed on the Buck Head road on picket. About 10 a.m. the advanced sentinel was fired upon by the enemy's cavalry. There being but a small force they were soon repulsed. About 4 p.m. the enemy advanced in a heavy skirmish line and drove the outpost back to the main picket-line, the enemy firing a heavy volley. A general fire was opened along the whole line, which was continued until dark when the enemy fell back. About 9 p.m. the regiment was relieved by the Third Brigade of the Second Division and reported to the brigade. On the 27th erected breast-works. On the 28th moved forward about 120 yards and erected a new line of works. From August 29 to September 1 in camp and building fortifications. September 2 received [orders] at 2 p.m. to march, and arrived at Atlanta 7 p.m.

CHAS. C. CRESSON,

Major, Commanding Seventy-third Pennsylvania Vet. Vols.

Captain THOMAS H. LEE,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.

