
Reports of Captain Frederick L. Gimber, One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations May 7-June 7.
HDQRS. 109TH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLS.,Near Cassville, Ga., May 21, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to report the part taken by my command since the 8th instant.

On the 7th instant my command was detailed as wagon guard to the train by order of the general commanding division; marched to junction of Ringgold road, where, by order of Colonel Ireland, commanding Third Brigade, we halted for Parker's supply train; arrived at camp, Woods' Station, where the Twentieth Army Corps train went into park; reported to Lieutenant-Colonel Le Duc, chief quartermaster, and received an order from Major-General Hooker to take command of all the guards with the train and report daily; posted pickets on the different roads and took other precautionary measures for the safety of the train. May 8, train moved at about 3 p.m.the First and Third Division trains taking the road over the mountain near the station, and Second Division train going by way of Gordon's Gap in Taylor's Ridge; divided my command in three detachments as guards to the train. I rode along the whole train and remained with the advanced guard, arriving at and parking at Buzzard Roost. Directions given to Lieutenant Grove to follow corps train. May 9, regiment camped near the train; I threw out pickets around it. In the afternoon received an order from Major-General Hooker relieving me from guard of the corps train. May 10, reported to division headquarters, asking for instructions; orders received through Captain Wilson to report to Second Brigade at as early an hour as possible the next morning; issued orders for the regiment to move at 4 a.m. on the 11th instant. May 11, the regiment did not move till 5.45 a.m., in consequence of General Butterfield's division occupying the road. In passing to the front reported to Colonel Buschbeck, commanding brigade, and assigned a position behind breast-works. At night received an order to march at 7 a.m. next morning. May 12, marched at 7 a.m., taking the road through Snake [Creek] Gap; proceeded to the mouth of the gap, where we halted and filed in behind breast-works; remained in that position for a short time, when we changed our position to a field beyond the works, and camped for the night; furnished one captain and eighty-five men for picket duty. May 13, regiment under arms to move; the division lay along the road till 2 p.m., when we moved to the front, marching about three miles, filed into a field, taking up position in line of battle on the right of the division. At dark moved out by the left flank and occupied breast-works on the left of the brigade; the men occupied till 11 p.m. in erecting breast-works to cover our left flank. May 14, 4 p.m. received orders to move at a moment's notice; part of the brigade having left I was ordered to extend my line in the breast-works so as to cover the space occupied by the troops which had left; regiment marched about 11 p.m. taking a circuitous route; marched about eight miles and joined the division at 4 a.m.; stacked arms and camped in mass with the brigade. May 15, received orders to be ready for action in a moment's notice; moved about 10.30 a.m.

filing through a broken path and finally brought into line of battle, advancing under a heavy fire of musketry and shells; lost the bri-

