
gade for a short time, when Captain Davis,of General Geary's staff, piloted me there and was ordered to lie down; remained in that position for a short time under the fire of the enemy's shells, when the lines were rearranged under the personal superintendence of Generals Hooker and Butterfield. I was ordered with my command to support the Thirty-third New Jersey, which advanced up, the hill at a charge, and was met by a tremendous fire, breaking them in disorder and running through my line, completely sweeping away my left wing. The right, however, advanced until the front lines halted, my men lying down. After an elapse of about an hour the enemy attempted to outflank the Thirty-third and One hundred and ninth, but were handsomely repulsed by the Thirty-third New Jersey. So heavy were our lines that the advance was fired into by some of the other lines both on the rear and flanks. Orders received from Colonel Lockman to join his command, which was complied with, the regiment taking position in rear of the One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers; reported to Colonel Cobham, commanding Third Brigade, who asked me to remain to support him, just as we were about to be relieved. I did so, my men lying down until the guns in the fort were brought off, when the troops all moved back to the division camp, our brigade lying along the Atlanta road; this about 3.30 a.m on the morning of the 16th instant. But few rounds of ammunition were expended by the men of my command in consequence of being in a second line; those that were fired were at sharpshooters concealed in the trees. Our loss was 1 killed and 7 wounded. May 16, rebels in full retreat, our corps moving after them. We crossed Catoosa [Oostenaula?] River, the men fording it, water coming up to their waists; arrived at the Coosawattee River, and crossed on flat-boats; encamped in the woods on this side of the river. May 17, moved about noon, marched about eight miles, and encamped for the night on Richard Peters' farm. May 18, broke camp at 4 a.m., marched about eighteen miles; encamped on Duff's farm about 9 p.m. May 19, left camp about 6 a.m., marched by roads through woods. At 1 p.m. halted for dinner, moved about 2 p.m., and shortly after was ordered to send out four companies as skirmishers; the remainder of the regiment marching out in line of battle, supporting them. Skirmishers ordered in; moved across a field and took position on the slope of a hill; furnished a picket detail of three officers and seventy-five men; encamped in column, closed at half distance.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

FREDERICK L. GIMBER,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain C. C. BROWN,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps
HDQRS. 109TH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VET. VOL. INFTY.,In the Field, Ga., June 11, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to circular from division headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements and part taken by my regiment in the recent engagements embracing the time from May 19 to June 7, 1864 both inclusive;

Thursday, May 19, 1864, moved about 6 a.m. marching slowly through by-roads, our front being covered by our skirmishers; made

