
about six miles, when we halted an hour in a woods for dinner. We again moved; sent out four companies as skirmishers, balance of regiment supporting them. Skirmishers relieved, moved across a field, crossing a run, and taking up position on slope of a hill. A picket detail of three officers and eighty men from regiment. Friday, May 20, troops resting from their labors. Saturday, May 21, moved the camp and had the streets regularly laid ut; an inspection of the companies by company commanders. Sunday, May 22, company inspection held in morning; afternoon dress parade and regimental inspection, in obedience to orders headquarters division. Monday, May 23, troops moved at about- o'clock, passing through Cassville, Cass Station; marched about twelve miles, halting in a field near the Etowah River to cook dinner, after which moved to a woods and halted for about two hours. Moved again, crossing the river on pontoons, and taking up position in a woods, where we bivouacked for the night. Tuesday, May 24, moved at about 5 a.m. taking a beaten path across the fields, through woods; halted two hours for dinner; crossed the Allatoona ridge of mountains, at about 6.20 p.m., went into camp, having marched between twelve and fifteen miles. Wednesday, May 25, moved at about 7.30 a.m., crossed Pumpkin Vine Creek; column moved cautiously; firing on our front. First Brigade becoming engaged, our brigade moved forwarded at a double-quick to support them; formed line of battle in woods on left of road; built breast-works (by order) to protect my left flank; changed position to the road, where we again threw up breast-works. At about 5 p.m., brigade moved out by flank and line of battle was formed, supporting the Third Brigade, when we advanced under a heavy fire of shells, grape, and musketry, marching over a mile, maintaining, notwithstanding the rough nature of the ground, a splendid line of battle, halting at dark, when the brigade commander rearranged his whole line; my position being on the left of the Seventy-third Pennsylvania Volunteers and right of the one hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers across the road; heavy rain set in, drenching the men to the skin; men lay on their arms. My loss for this day was 4 wounded. Thursday, May 26, sharpshooters engaged the whole day, our line advancing a short distance, taking the place of the Third Brigade, my right connecting with One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers; threw up earth-works. Friday, May 27, battery of six guns brought up and placed behind works, my regiment supporting it; relieved by the left wing of the Thirty-third New Jersey, when we moved a short distance to the rear, but not beyond reach of the rebel bullets. About 5 p.m. heavy fire opened on our whole lines; my regiment quickly ordered in line and stood to arms. Saturday, May 28, rebels opened their guns upon us, throwing spherical case, bursting inside our lines. This was kept up at intervals throughout the day. About 10.30 a.m. the lines were alarmed by the enemy moving out of their works, but were soon driven behind cover; my regiment again in line at 3.30 p.m. relieved the Thirty-third New Jersey in front line of breast-works. Companies A, F, D, and C sent on skirmish line, two companies at a time, serving two hours each; regiment relieved about 9 p.m. by the Fifth Ohio. Moved a short distance to the rear and right, occupying a second line. Part of regiment being covered by breast-works protecting the whole command. A detail of one officer and thirty men sent out to the

