
front to assist in building an advanced work. My loss for this day was 2 killed and 7 wounded, my wounded being attended to by Assistant Surgeon Nichols, Second Massachusetts Volunteers, temporarily assigned to the battery. He was unremitting in his attentions to the same. Sunday, may 29, sharpshooters still at work. A detachment of the Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers was transferred to my regiment to serve for their unexpired time of service. About 10.30 p.m. an attempt was made to charge our works, which was handsomely repulsed by our front line. My regiment being in second line did not fire a shot. Another attempt made at 11 p.m. with same result; my men kept ready for any emergency; all quiet for the rest of the night. Our loss this day, 4 wounded. Monday and Tuesday, May 30 and 31, usual picket-firing kept up both days; a detail of regiment to work on advanced line of defenses. Our loss for this day was 1 wounded.

Wednesday, June 1, regiment relieved by a regiment of Fifteenth Corps; moved to rear with brigade and halted in woods; marched again short distance and bivouacked for the night in a woods. Thursday, June 2, moved about 1 p.m.; marched one mile and then formed in line of battle; advanced to support of Third Brigade, a heavy rain-storm drenching men to skin; moved by flank to a woods, where we took up position and bivouacked for the night. Friday, Saturday, Sunday, June 3,4, and 5, positions unchanged; men engaged cleaning guns, drying clothes, &amp;c., inspection of companies by company commanders; regiment under orders to move at a moment's notice. Monday, June 6, troops moved at 5 a.m., taking the road leading to Acworth; march a slow one; made between five and six miles, when we took up a position on both sides of the road leading to Marietta; threw up breast-works, camp regularly laid out, and sinks dug. Tuesday, June 7, regiment moved out road to left, relieving the Thirty-third New Jersey on picket-line; all quiet along the line during the night. My losses during this period were 2 killed and 16 wounded.

It is with feelings of the greatest pride I refer to the conduct of my men during this period of trials and hardships; never flinching under any circumstances and contributing their share to maintain the good name borne by this division.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

FREDERICK L. GIMBER,

Captain Commanding 109th Regiment Pennsylvania Vol. Infty.

Captain C. C. BROWN,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 233.

Report of Captain Hugh Alexander, One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 109TH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLS.,Atlanta, Ga., September 7, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the history of the command, One hundred and ninth Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, from the 3rd day of May, 1864, to the 3rd day of September, 1864:

On the 3rd day of May, 1864, regiment left Bridgeport, Ala., Lieutenant-Colonel Ralston in command, as wagon guard; arrived at

