
lay in camp near Nickajack Creek. On the 16th regimental inspection. 17th, left our camp at 3 p.m. and crossed the Chattahoochee River at Pace's Ferry. 18th, advanced in line of battle, and at night built works. 19th, on the march; crossed peach Tree Creek; 1 man wounded. 20th, was engaged with the enemy at Peach Tree Creek; lost 3 killed, 9 wounded, and 4 missing. At night built works. 21st, lay in works. 22d, advanced and built works near Atlanta; was there stationed until the 24th of August. Lost 1 wounded during that time, Captain William J. Murphy.

August 25, left camp at 3 a.m. and marched to Pace's Ferry, Ga., regiment detailed to build works. August 26, took position on the right, and built works, Captain william Geary, in command, Captain Alexander being sick. 27th, 28th, 29th, 30th, 31st and September 1, lay in works, Pace's Ferry, Ga. September 2, left camp at 1 p.m. and marched to Atlanta, Ga. 3d, took position in the breast-works.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HUGH ALEXANDER

Captain Company G, Commanding Regiment.

[Captain THOMAS H. LEE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 234.

Report of Colonel Henry A. Barnum, One hundred and forty-ninth New York Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, 20TH CORPS,Atlanta, Ga., September 11, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this command during the campaign which has just been terminated by the capture of Atlanta:

This brigade, formerly the Third Brigade, Second Division, Twelfth Army Corps, comprising the Sixtieth, One hundred and second, One hundred and thirty-seventh, and One hundred and forty-ninth Regiments of New York State Volunteers, was enlarged by the addition of the Twenty-ninth and One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers during the month of April last, and designated as the Third Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps. Orders were received May 1 to concentrated at Bridgeport, and the five New York regiments, stationed at Stevenson, marched to Bridgeport on the 2nd of May, where they were joined by the Twenty-ninth and One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, stationed at that post. At 9 a.m. May 3 the brigade crossed the Tennessee River, marched by way of Shellmound, Whiteside's, Chattanooga, Post Oak Church, to Pea Vine Church, arriving at the last-mentioned point, in company with the rest of the division, on the morning of May 6. The next day, May 7, the brigade was ordered to escort the wagon train of the corps to a point selected in the valley west of Taylor's Ridge, and then to proceed through Gordon's Gap, to Hough's house, about a mile east of the gap, and within two miles

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties accompanying this report shows 20 men killed, 6 officers and 68 men wounded, and 1 officer and 3 men captured or missing; total, 98.

---------------

