
of the point at which the remainder of the division had halted. We arrived at Hough's house about 10 p.m. and found Kilpatrick's division of cavalry in camp there. Soon after our arrival the colonel commanding the brigade received orders from General Hooker to accompany Kilpatrick's cavalry to Villanow the next morning to open communication with McPherson's column, which was expected to arrive there at an early hour. At 6 a.m. May 8, preceded by the cavalry, we started in the direction of Villanow, arriving there about 10 a.m. The advance of McPherson's army arrived at noon. At 2 p.m. orders were received from General Hooker, through General Kilpatrick to join the division at Mill Creek Gap, in Rocky Face Ridge. The brigade rejoined the division at 8 p.m. at the place designated and remained there, building breast-works, &amp;c., until the morning of May 12, when, in company with the remainder of the division, it marched through Snake Creek, Gap, camping at night in Sugar Valley, near the eastern entrance to the gap. The next morning (13th) we moved forward in the direction of Resaca and threw up breast-works in the rear of the Fifteenth Corps. At 3 p.m. May 14 the brigade accompanied the division to the extreme left to four army, forming a line across the road about two miles south of Tilton and constructed breast-works. At 7 a.m. the next day, 15th, the Sixtieth and One hundred and second New York Volunteers were ordered to report to Captain Forbes, division inspector, to make a reconnaissance on the enemy's right flank. At 10 a.m. they returned, and the brigade was ordered to move about a mile to the right, massing in a ravine in rear of the Third Division, which was then assaulting a hill in their front. The troops in our immediate front, becoming closely engaged, this brigade was ordered forward, moving up a steep hill by column of regiments. During the execution of this movement, the One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Randall commanding, and the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Cobham commanding, being in the rear, became separated from the rest of the brigade, and were ordered by Major-General Hooker to move rapidly forward and occupy a hill upon which a battery of the enemy was posted, and for which the troops of the Third Division were then fighting. For the particulars of this movement, and its successful accomplishment, resulting in the capture of four pieces of artillery. I respectfully refer you to the reports of Colonel Cobham and Lieutenant-Colonel Randall already forwarded. The other five regiments of the brigade moved rapidly up the hill in their front, and down the opposite side, across the Dalton, road, and took position on a hill directly in front of the rebel works. The One hundred and second New York Volunteers, Colonel J. C. Lane commanding was ordered forward to the hill upon which the enemy's battery was posted, and joined the One hundred and forty-ninth New York and the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, who had succeeded in establishing themselves close under the works of the enemy, preventing further use of the guns by the rebels. They were so close to the pieces as to be able to touch the muzzles, but could not work them, or drag them away, as the lunette was but a few yards distant from the main line of rebel works, which swept the interior of the work in which the artillery was placed. While the colonel commanding the brigade was moving the One hundred and second New York Volunteers forward, to connect with the One hundred and forty-ninth and One hundred and eleventh

