
Pennsylvania Volunteers, the Seventy-eighth New York Volunteers and Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers were ordered by General Geary to move through a dense pine thicket to the left of the hill occupied by the three regiments above named, and engage the enemy. This they did, remaining in the position about an hour, when they were ordered back, and with the other regiments threw up breast-works on the crest of the hill occupied by the principal portion of the brigade. The One hundred and second New York, One hundred and forty-ninth New York, and One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers remained in the position previously mentioned at the lunette containing the four pieces of rebel artillery. At about 5 p.m. Colonel David Ireland, One hundred and thirty-seventh New York, who had up to this period commanded the brigade, was struck by a piece of shell, and carried from the field. Colonel Cobham, One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, was next in rank, but he being temporarily absent with the three regiments previously mentioned, Colonel William Rickards, Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanded until the return of Colonel Cobham early the next morning. During the night considerable firing was kept up, and about 1 a.m. the enemy attempted to drive the three regiments under Colonel Cobham from their position, and recover their artillery. The attempt was unsuccessful, and the four guns were dug out of the lunette and brought into our lines. For this task so skillfully executed, involving great danger and fatigue, the officers,and men engaged are entitled to the highest credit. The guns captured were four Napoleon pieces. Early the next morning, May 26, the brigade was ordered to move, the enemy having evacuated their works and retreated toward Kingston. The Sixtieth New York Volunteers was sent over the abandoned works, but discovered no signs of the presence of the enemy. The command crossed the railroad, passing to the left of Resaca, and crossing the Connesauga and Coosawattee Rivers, and bivouacked near Peters' plantation. From the 16th to the 23rd of May the movements of the brigade were identical with those of the division, and the troops were not engaged with the enemy. For a full report of the operations of the command from May 23 to June 6, including the engagement at New Hope Church, and subsequent movement to Allatoona Creek, I would respectfully call your attention to the report of Colonel George A. Cobham, then commanding the brigade, commanded by Colonel Ireland, who had returned, remained in position near the Sandtown road on Allatoona Creek. At 1 p.m. on the 13th the command was ordered to occupy a ridge on the right of the First Division in front of and about three-fourths of a mile distance from Pine Knob, on the summit of which the tents and troops of the enemy were distinctly visible. Breast-works were constructed, and the brigade remained in them until 1 p.m. of the 15th, when it was ordered forward, passing to the right of Pine Knob, which had been evacuated by the rebels and forming in two lines on the right of the Second Brigade, facing south. The One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Cobham commanding was thrown forward as skirmishers, the One hundred and second New York, Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Sixtieth New York forming the first line of battle; the Seventy-eighth, One hundred and thirty-seventh,

