
nooga Railroad from Wartrace to Anderson, with large detachments at Fayetteville and Shelbyville. One brigade (Third), recently attached to the division in the organization of the new corps, was encamped in the valley opposite Bridgeport, Ala. On 1st of May the whole division was concentrated near that place, and on 3rd of May reached Chattanooga Valley, at the eastern base of Lookout Mountain, and reported to Major-General Hooker, commanding corps. The organization of the division at this time was as follows: First Brigade, Brigadier General J. F. Knipe commanding, composed of One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteer Infantry, Colonel McDougall, Fifth Connecticut Volunteer Infantry, Colonel W. W. Packer; Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteer Infantry, Colonel James L. Selfridge; One hundred and forty-first New York Volunteer Infantry, Colonel William K. Logie. Second Brigade, Brigadier General Thomas H. Ruger commanding, composed of Twenty-seventh Indiana Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Silas Colgrove; Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Ezra A. Carman; One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteer Infantry, Colonel John H. Ketcham; Third Wisconsin Veteran Volunteer Infantry, Colonel William Hawley; One hundred and seventh New York Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Nirom M. Crane, and Second Massachusetts Veteran Volunteer Infantry, Colonel William Cogswell. Third Brigade, Colonel James S. Robinson, Eighty-second Ohio Veteran Volunteers, commanding, composed of Sixty-first Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Stephen J. McGroarty; Eighty-second Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, Colonel David Thompson; One hundred and forty-third New York Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Horace Boughton; Forty fifth New York Veteran Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Adolphus Dobke; One hundred and first Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel John B. Le Sage, and Eighty-second Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel Edward S. Salomon. There was then attached to the division two batteries of artillery, viz, Battery M, First New York Artillery, Captain J. D. Woodbury, six 12-pounder guns, and Battery I, First New York Artillery, Lieutenant (now Captain) Winegar, six 3-inch rifled guns; Captain Woodbury acting as chief of artillery. The return at that time showed an effective force of 6,771 officers and men in the division, exclusive of Sixty-first Ohio Volunteers, which did not rejoin from veteran furlough until May 8, at Trickum Post-Office. Pursuant to orders the division marched from Chattanooga Valley on the 4th of May, bivouacked at Gordon's Mills that night, and encamped near the Middle Chickamauga on afternoon of 5th, at Pleasant Grove Church, three miles southwest of Ringgold. On 7th of May the division crossed Taylor's Ridge through Nickajack Pass, and encamped at Trickum Post-Office. Leaving Trickum 1 o'clock of 10th of May, the division reached Snake Creek Gap at 8 o'clock in the morning of same day. Pursuant to orders I reported to Major-General McPherson, commanding the Army of the Tennessee, and following his instructions took position with two brigades (Knipe's and Robinson's) in the westerly entrance of the gap, and moved Ruger's brigade through the gap in reserve behind the lines occupied by the Army of the Tennessee. On May 13th the division, having been reunited the night previous, was moved forward to camp Creek, and took position covering the approach from the direction of Dalton. On the morning of 14th of May, pursuant to orders, I massed the division in support of the Third Division, which was in line of battle in face of the enemy's forces before Resaca. About 4.30

