
and One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers the second line. At 3 p.m. an advance was ordered, and the brigade moved forward over a creek and up a very steep hill, driving the enemy's skirmishers from the crest. After a short halt on the brow of the hill the lines again moved forward, forcing the enemy back into his works, which were found to be very formidable, protected by heavy abatis and double rows of chevaux-de-frise. In the advance, which was conducted more rapidly than by the troops on our right, the right flank was seriously threatened, and the One hundred and second New York temporarily thrown into disorder by an enfilading fire from the enemy, but the Seventy-eighth and One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers being ordered from the rear line to their support, the danger was speedily averted, the troops of the First Division coming up soon after and forming a connection with our right. The front line occupied a position about 150 yards from the rebel works (one regiment, the Sixtieth New York Volunteers, being less than 100 yards), protected partially by a rise of ground in front, but subjected to a cross-fire from an angle in the work in front of our right. About midnight the troops were withdrawn about 200 yards, and built breast-works. A strong skirmish line was kept out during the next day, and considerable firing occurred between the pickets. I regret to mention among the casualties that occurred during this engagement the names of Colonel William Rickards, Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, severely wounded near the enemy's works on the evening of the 15th and Major Lewis R. Stegman, One hundred and second New York Volunteers, who was badly wounded while in charge of the skirmish line on the morning of the 16th. Both were efficient, brave, and meritorious officers, and their loss is sincerely felt by the command. At daylight on the morning of the 17th the skirmishers entered the enemy's works, which had just been evacuated; pressing forward they encountered the rebel skirmishers about half a mile beyond. The troops occupied the rebel works until 11 a.m., when we moved through the woods into an open field, near the skirmish line, and formed in two lines on the right of the Second Brigade, facing southwest. The Seventy-eighth New York Volunteers was sent forward as skirmishers, relieving those who had been out during the night, and the brigade advanced through a dense jungle until it reached the Marietta road, running east and west, which was found to be occupied by a portion of the Twenty-third Corps. Changing direction to the left, with the right flank resting on the Marietta road, we moved over an open field bordering on Mud Creek under a severe fire from the enemy's sharpshooters and took position behind a knoll fire from the enemy's sharpshooters, and took position behind a knoll about 300 yards from the creek. The enemy was intrenched on the made to assist in placing Wheeler's (Thirteenth New York) battery in position on the crest of the hill. This was successfully accomplished by 4 p.m. and his guns opened with very visible effect upon the enemy. After dark the brigade moved to the top of the hill and intrenched. Considerable artillery fire was kept up during the next day, with occasional shots between the pickets. Soon after daylight on the 19th our skirmishers crossed Mud Creek, and occupied the works of the enemy, who had again retreated. The brigade was moved forward at 8.30 a.m. across Mud Creek and Noyes' Creek, to a point about half a mile east of Noves' Creek, where the skir-

