
pickets from their pits, and took position in the woods about 500 yards in advance of our former line. The assault by the troops on our left having failed, no attempt was made to advance farther. The brigade moved up to the right of the Second Brigade and threw up breast-works in a line with that brigade. The Twenty-ninth and One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers were held in reserve and also built breast-works. The casualties, during the execution of this movement, were 27 killed and wounded; a few prisoners were captured by our skirmishers. No further movement was made until the evening of June 30, when the brigade was relieved by General Turchin's brigade, of Baird's division, of the Fourteenth Army Corps, and moved to the right, relieving a brigade of the Twenty-third Army Corps on the Powder Springs road. During two days and three nights passed in that position the works built by the Twenty-third Corps were torn down, remodeled, and greatly improved, the men laboring hard day and night without cessation.

On the morning of July 3 the works in our front were reported evacuated, and the command moved forward at 6 a.m. in a southeasterly direction toward the Chattahoochee River, forming on the left of the Third Division in an open field, in view of a new line of rebel works, about five miles from the river. We remained at this point during the next day, July 4. At 6 a.m. July 5 the brigade was ordered to move to the Sandtown road, marching alongside of the Fourteenth Corps wagon train, passing through the deserted works of the enemy and proceeding with the rest of the division toward Turner's Ferry, camping near Nickajack Creek, about two miles from the ferry. On the 6th we moved to the left, crossing Nickajack Creek, and bivouacked about a mile from the creek. On the 7th, at 9 a.m., we moved past the Fourteenth Corps in position, forming a line on a ridge confronting the enemy's work on the Chattahoochee River, our right flank resting near Nickajack Creek, the First Brigade on our right, the Second Brigade on our left. Here we remained in camp until July 17, on which day the brigade was ordered to cross the river at Pace's Ferry, and with the division, bivouacked on the Buck Head road. At 3 p.m. the next day, July 18, we crossed Nancy's Creek, and advanced to the crossing of the road leading to Howell's Mill, on Peach Tree Creek. Details were furnished to assist the other brigades in throwing up breast-works during the night. At 6 a.m. July 19 the brigade moved toward Peach Tree Creek, the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers being deployed as skirmishers. No enemy was encountered, and the troops reached the creek at 10 a.m. with the remainder of the division. At 4 p.m. a bridge was thrown over the creek, and the brigade was ordered to cross and charge a hill on the opposite side upon which the enemy's sharpshooters were stationed. The One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers, Colonel H. A. Barnum commanding, crossed first, closely followed by the other regiments and the hill was occupied with trifling loss. A few prisoners were captured, and four companies of the One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers, under Lieutenant-Colonel Randall, were pushed forward as skirmishers, breast-works hastily thrown up, and the position occupied during the night without molestation. The other brigade took position on our right and also built breast-works. The morning of the 20th was passed in skirmishing with the enemy in our front. The rebels were driven back

