
half a mile, and important positions gained. At 2 p.m. this brigade had moved forward to a hill near the edge of an open field a few hundred yards in advance. From this position two batteries of artillery were firing into the woods in a ravine in the rear of the position occupied by the other brigades. About 4 p.m. the enemy assaulted the front line, striking it partially in flank, breaking a portion of the line, and throwing the right and center of the line, formed by the First and Second Brigades, into confusion. The Sixtieth New York and Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers were immediately ordered forward to support the artillery. The other regiments were moved in quick succession to the right up a ravine in the rear of the front line. They encountered overwhelming columns of the enemy before a line could be established, and were driven back with severe loss. Twice was the line formed and compelled to fall back, but the advance of the enemy was partially checked each time, and the arrival of the First Division on our right, with the inspiriting presence of the major-general commanding the corps, enabled the troops to form and drive the enemy back with slaughter. Meanwhile the Sixtieth New York Volunteers and Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, together with a portion of the First Brigade, maintained their position on the hill with the artillery, resisting every attempt of the enemy to capture the batteries. At one time the enemy was in rear of the batteries, and fired upon the artillerists from that direction, compelling them to wheel their guns about and fire into the ravine behind them. For an instant the enemy obtained possession of two guns, but their success was but momentary. A withering fire from the two regiments drove them precipitately back, and the position was held till the close of the contest. At 6 p.m. the enemy had retired, discomfited, leaving his dead and wounded on the field. The regiments of the brigade were connected, forming a continuous line, connecting on the left with the Third Division and on the right with the Second Brigade, Second Division. Breast-works were thrown up, and the troops were not again molested by the enemy. The casualties of the battle amounted to 233 killed, wounded and missing. Among the killed I mention with profound regret the names of Colonel George A. Cobham, One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Lieutenant Colonel Charles B. Randall, One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers, both officers of the highest merit, whose loss to the service can scarcely be estimated. They both fell at their posts, manfully striving to check the progress of the rebel columns. The 21st was spent in burying the dead of both armies, and the strengthening of the works. At night the enemy evacuated their works in our front, and at 7 a.m. the next morning, July 22, we moved forward through their abandoned lines of intrenchments following the Second Brigade, to a position about a mile east of the Chattanooga railroad and not more than two miles from the city of Atlanta. Works were speedily constructed by the First and of Atlanta. Works were speedily constructed by the First and Second Brigades, this brigade rendering valuable assistance by carrying rails and forty-ninth New York Volunteers and Twenty-ninth and One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers were ordered into position on the right of the First Brigade, re-

18 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT II

