
lieving a portion of the First Division the One hundred and second and One hundred and thirty-seventh New York being held in reserve. Considerable skirmishing occurred during the day and evening. On the 23rd the One hundred and second and One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers were ordered to the extreme left of the division, occupying a detached piece of work on the left of the Second Brigade relieving Wood's brigade of the Third Division. In the afternoon of July 24 a new line of works was projected, considerably in advance of the position then occupied, and the brigade was employed in its construction during the night and following day and night. In the evening of July 26 the brigade was ordered to relieve the Third Division in works on the left of the Second Division. The movement was accomplished by 9 p.m. with out trouble, six regiments being placed in the front line and one in reserve. The left of the brigade joined Newton's division, of the Fourth Corps. This position was occupied until August 25, during which time the works were strengthened and expended, a large earth-work for heavy pieces of artillery constructed, and frequent demonstrations made by the pickets to attract attention from other portions of the line, where important movements were expected to be made. The casualties between July 26 and August 25 were light, averaging about 1 per day. At 9 p.m. August 25 the brigade was quietly withdrawn from the works, and moved to the vicinity of division headquarters, remaining there until 1 a.m., when it was ordered to Pace's Ferry, to protect the bridge at that point. The Sixtieth New York Volunteers had been sent back by General Geary the day previous, and had partially constructed works for the occupation of the brigade. The troops arrived at the river at 4 a.m. August 26, and proceeded to complete the works protecting the bridge. Heavy details were kept constantly at work, and a strong picket-line established. The enemy's cavalry began to annoy our pickets in the afternoon, and considerable skirmishing ensued. The works were speedily completed, forming a tete-de-pont, the right resting near the river, below the bridge, and the left extending to the bank of the river above the bridge. On the evening of September 1 orders were received from the general commanding the division to send out a reconnaissance of 400 or 500 men, in charge of a competent field officer, to ascertain if the enemy were still in our front. The troops selected were the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, Sixtieth New York Volunteers, and detachments of fifty men from the Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers and One hundred and second New York, all under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Walker, One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers. The party started at 6 a.m. September 2, proceeded without opposition to the breast-works in front of the city of Atlanta where they were joined by a brigade from the Third Division, under Colonel Coburn. The mayor of the city surrendered the place to the Federal troops, the column marched to the public square near the railroad depot, and the regimental colors of the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers and Sixtieth New York unfurled to the breeze from the roof of the City Hall. For a more detailed account of the proceedings attending the occupation of the city, beg leave to call your attention to the report of Lieutenant-Colonel Walker, One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers herewith inclosed. The remainder of the brigade was ordered forward,

