
sition on the left of the Fifth Ohio Volunteers in the same line and the One hundred and second New York Volunteers, Colonel Lane, on the extreme left. The One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers was relieved by the Seventy-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, Major Cresson, and the One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers, Colonel Allen. All the other troops (with the exception of the Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers who were held in reserve) I ordered to report to their respective brigades. I immediately set a fatigue party to work digging down the side of the fort to remove the guns, when the rebels fire on our line and on the working party, who were driven from their work. The fire was severe for a short time, and we were also exposed to a murderous fire from our friends on the right of the road (supposed to be General Stanley's division), through some mistake on their part. It was however, soon silenced, and the rebels driven back. I immediately sent First Lieutenant William H. Cochrane, Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers (who acted as aide for me through the night), with orders for Lieutenant-Colonel Kilpatrick Fifth Ohio, to take charge in person of the working party, and to remove the guns at once, under cover of sharpshooters, regardless of the enemy's opposition. I also ordered Colonel Fourat, of the Thirty-third New Jersey, to furnish a detail of fifty me, without arms, to report to Colonel Kilpatrick and assist in removing the guns of the redoubt and taking them to division headquarters. After about two and a half hours were labor the digging was completed, and the guns removed to the headquarters of the Second Division. All the troops under my command were from the Second Division, all three brigades being represented. I therefore claim for the division whatever honor may be connected with the capture, securing, and removal of the rebel battery. In conclusion, I would tender my thanks to the officers and men thus temporarily under my command for their cordial support and strict attention to orders. I would also notice as worthy of special praise, Lieutenant-Colonel Kilpatrick, Fifth Ohio Volunteers, for the prompt and energetic performance of the difficult and dangerous duty assigned to him. Also the officers and men of the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, as worthy of special mention for their uniform good conduct under a most severe fire. I annex hereto a tabular list of casualties in the Third Brigade in the action of the 15th.

I have the honor, captain, to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. A. COBHAM, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain THOMAS H. ELLIOTT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Div., Twentieth Army Corps.

List of killed and wounded in Third Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, at the battle of Resaca, Ga., May 15, 1864.

Regiment.	 Killed.	 Wounded

 	 .

60th New York Volunteers	 -	 4

78th New York Volunteers	 -	 2

102nd New York Volunteers	 3	 9

137th New York Volunteers	 -	 6

149th New York Volunteers	 1	 29

29th Pennsylvania Volunteers	 6	 50

111th Pennsylvania Volunteers	 4	 23

Total	 14	 123

