
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,
Camp in Field, near Marietta, Ga., June 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the engagements of the 25th, 26th, 27th, 28th, 29th, 30th, and 31st of May and 1st of June:

On the morning of the 25th of May, the Third Brigade left camp near Burnt Hickory, or Huntsville, and marched to Pumpkin Vine Creek, which we reached about 10 a.m. Soon after crossing this stream, the advance of the division, under General Geary encountered the enemy, and a sharp fight commenced. My brigade was ordered to take position on the ridge parallel to the road and at right angles to the line of battle of the First Brigade, which was then engaged with the enemy. One regiment of the brigade (the Seventy-eighth New York Volunteers) was left in the morning to guard the ammunition train. The One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, and One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers were detached to guard the approach by the cross-roads, and part of the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, was sent to reconnoiter the enemy's position on the left. In this position we remained until about 5 p.m; the fighting in the front continued quite sharp, when I was ordered by General Geary to change front and advance in two lines to attack the enemy in front, who was now heavily engaged by the First and Third Divisions of the Twentieth Corps. I immediately ordered all detached regiments to be recalled (with the exception of the Seventy-eighth New York, which was left with the train as guard), formed line and advanced rapidly about one mile and a half through a thick wood to the front line of battle, where we relieved some troops of the First Division, and advancing on the enemy's lines, opened fire on them, receiving in return a severe and destructive fire of musketry and a heavy artillery fire of shell, grape, and canister from a battery in front of the right of our brigade front. Two regiments of the brigade (the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers and One hundred an forty-ninth New York Volunteers) advanced on the battery in front until within a short distance of the guns, pouring in a deadly and destructive fire on the gunners and their infantry supports. The terrible discharges of grape and canister from the battery, which literally swept our men away, added to the severe fire from the enemy's infantry, prevented the capture of their guns; we, however held the position to which we had advanced against such determined resistance until darkness put and to the conflict and left us in possession of all the ground over which we had advanced during the day. At 3 a.m. of the 26th ultimo I extended my brigade line slightly to the right and relieved the line of skirmishers on the right (commanded by Colonel Carman, Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers), and commenced although accomplished under a very annoying fire from the enemy's sharpshooters, which was returned with good interest. During the whole of this day the sharpshooters of the Sixtieth New York Volunteers held in check the enemy's battery, picking off the cannoneers, and effectually preventing the loading or using of the guns. My brigade now held the extreme right of the line immediately in front of Colonel Harrison's command, of the Third Division. The sharpshooters on both sides kept up a severe and destructive fire during the day, the brigade being drawn up in one line and occupying the breast-works.

