
p. m. I received orders to march my division as rapidly as possible to support the left of Stanley's division, Fourth Corps, which was heavily engaged some miles distant. i moved at once by the left flank, under guidance of a staff officer of Fourth Corps, and in about an hour and a half, without halts, reached the position designated by the major-general commanding the corps (who had preceded the column) for deployment of the division. This position was a wooded ridge facing and bordering a narrow cultivated valley of considerable length along the Dalton road, near the head of which were the defiles and steep hills held by the enemy for the defense of Resaca. Robinson's (Third) brigade deployed quickly along the left of this ridge, and the other brigades were ordered to prolong the line along the ridge south of a deep gorge which bisects it. In front of Robinson's brigade, Simonson's battery (Fifth Indiana), of Stanley's division, was in position looking toward Resaca, and supported by a detachment of that division. Scarcely was Robinson's brigade in line before numerous fugitives from our own troops came pouring in confusion over the open in front, followed by the exultant enemy making confidently for the battery. After a fruitless effort with my staff officers to rally and organize the fugitives, I sent orders to them to clear the front, and rode back to bring forward Robinson's brigade. At the brigade I found Lieutenant-Colonel Perkins, assistant adjutant-general, with orders to move at once to the open and support the battery. Robinson moved with great promptness down the steep wooded ridge side, crossing a difficult creek at the foot, and, changing front forward on his right regiment in good order, he opened in volley upon the astonished enemy. They fled in greater haste than they had advanced, and in fifteen minutes not a rebel gun was heard in the valley. Orders were sent Ruger to advance his brigade so as to take the enemy in flank, but before it could be done they had fled. The division bivouacked for the night on the plain fronting toward Resaca. The brave and efficient conduct of Robinson's brigade in this affair served to create a strong confidence and good-will between troops recently brought together from different corps in a new organization, a feeling closely cemented by the subsequent events and occurrences of the campaign.

May 15, the division was ordered to support Butterfield's and Geary's divisions, and marched at 12 o'clock. While on the march information was sent to me by the major-general commanding corps that the enemy was threatening our left from the direction of the railroad, and I was ordered to cover and protect that flank. Facing by the left brought the division in line of battle, and in this formation I advanced it toward the menaced point, the brigades being in line according to numerical order. The ground occupied by Knipe's (First) brigade on the right was very broken, trending off, however, toward the north in a ridge of slight elevation, running almost parallel with railroad, partly through woods and partly through clearings. At a point where a road toward Green's Station from the Dalton road crossed the ridge there rises a considerable knoll or knob, upon which is a dwelling known as Scales' house. Ruger's (Second) brigade, extending from Knipe's left, reached and occupied this knoll, upon which slight breast-works were hastily thrown up. Two regiments of Robinson's brigade were deployed on the left of the knoll, where the ground sinks down into a timbered plain; three others of his regiments were held in reserve on the extreme left, and

