
teers - my thanks are due for their cordial assistance and strict attention to orders during the whole time. I would also mention as worthy of notice Captains Wheelock and Alexander and Lieutenant Scofield, of the brigade staff for the very efficient aid rendered by them during the engagement of the 25th, and subsequent operations. I annex a list of casualties.

I have the honor, captain, to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. A. COBHAM, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain THOMAS H. ELLIOTT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Div., Twentieth Army Corps.

List of killed and wounded in Third Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, in the engagements from May 25 to June 2, 1864.

Killed. Wounded.

Regiment.	 Offic	 Men	 Offi	 Men

 ers	 	 cers

60th New York Volunteers	 -	 4	 1	 23

78th New York Volunteers	 -	 -	 -	 1

102nd New York Volunteers	 -	 3	 -	 16

137th New York Volunteers	 -	 -	 -	 10

149th New York Volunteers	 -	 4	 3	 38

29th Pennsylvania Veteran	 -	 2	 -	 29

Volunteers

111th Pennsylvania Veteran	 1	 8	 1	 44

Volunteers

Total	 1	 21	 5	 161

Numbers 236.

Report of Colonel Abel Godard, Sixtieth New York Infantry, of operations May 15.
HDQRS. SIXTIETH NEW YORK VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,Near Cassville, GA., May 21, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Pursuant to orders, I have the honor to forward a report of the part my regiment took in the engagement of Resaca, Ga., on the 15th day of May instant.

On the morning of said day my command, the third in line of the Third Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, took position in the rear of General Butterfield's division, a few miles northeast of Resaca, about three-quarters of a mile from the enemy's line of works. At about 11 a.m. the enemy opened fire upon our line. General Geary with great vim ordered our brigade forward, and it moved with rapidity, being massed in column of regiments, the Sixtieth second in column. We advanced for some distance through a ravine and over troops of the Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, up to a steep hill, and were halted near the top of the same, where we remained for over one hour, and then moved forward over the hill to its bottom and there halted a short time, when we moved by the left in front to the rear of the position occupied by General Hooker in person. At this point I was ordered by General Geary, commanding division, and immediately afterward by Colonel Ireland, commanding brigade, to erect a line of works on the top of the hill immediately in our front and directly opposite the enemy's

