
line, and at a distance from them of about thirty of forty rods.

Marching my regiment over two lines of other troops, after stacking arms, said works were commenced and completed, and at about dark the men laid down upon their arms close to their works; the Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers connecting with my command on the right, and the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, on the left. During the day I lost 4 wounded in the head in the forenoon. My command numbered on the morning of the 15th instant 270 muskets and 20 officers. During the night of the 15th there was no firing by my men, but the firing was frequent form the enemy. In the morning of the 16th, pursuant, to orders, I moved my regiment forward over the enemy's line of works, which they had evacuated, and as far as Resaca, where we rejoined the brigade. In this advance we passed over the works and camps but recently occupied by the enemy, and from which they had been driven by our troops. During the 16th instant after joining we continued to march with the brigade, there being no engagement with the enemy after that time up to this date. My regiment has not been engaged with the enemy from May 2 to the present date, except as above written.

Very respectfully,

ABEL GODARD,

Colonel Sixtieth New York Veteran Volunteers.

Captain S. B. WHEELOCK,

A. A. A. G., 3rd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 237.

Report of Captain Thomas Elliott, Sixtieth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTIETH Regiment NEW YORK VETERAN VOLS.,Atlanta, Ga., September 8, 1864.

SIR; The following report of the operations of this regiment during the campaign commencing May 2, 1864, and ending with the capture of Atlanta, September 2, 1864, is most respectfully submitted. The report is divided into periods or days of importance, between the dates of which all incidents and movements are related.

FIRST PERIOD.

The march to Rocky Face, May 2 to 10.

Left Stevenson, Ala., on the 2nd of May, and arrived at Chattanooga on the 4th. Left Chattanooga on the 5th instant and crossed Taylor's Ridge. On the 8th instant this regiment, with the brigade, marched to Villanow to support General Kilpatrick's division of cavalry, while the First and Second Brigades of the division marched to Rocky Face. We were relieved in the afternoon by General McPherson's troops, and immediately marched with the brigade to Rocky Face, where we joined the division and erected breast-works.

