
SECOND PERIOD.

The march from Rocky Face to Resaca, from May 10 to 15.

We received orders on the 11th to get ready for a three days' march, baggage to be sent to the rear. These orders were complied with, and we marched on the 12th through Snake Creek Gap, and joined the troops of General McPherson. On the 15th, at 7.30 a.m., the regiment was ordered on a reconnaissance under the direction of Captain Forbes, division inspector. Returned at 10 a.m. and marched with the brigade to the support of the Fourth Army Corps. This regiment was not heavily engaged at Resaca, losing 4 wounded only, including Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas.

THIRD PERIOD,

The march to Cassville, May 16 to 20.

On the morning of the 16th this regiment was ordered forward to ascertain if the enemy had abandoned the works in our front. The regiment deployed as skirmishers and advanced to the railroad. We joined the brigade and advanced to Cassville, where we arrived on the 19th.

FOURTH PERIOD,

The advance to Dallas, May 20 to 31.

We remained in camp at Cassville until May 23. Marched on the morning of the 23rd and crossed Burnt Hickory Ridge on the 24th. On the 25th we marched with the brigade in pursuit of the enemy. The First Brigade became heavily engaged about 2 p.m. At 4 p.m. this regiment advanced in line of battle, passing over General Butterfield's troops, and formed at length on the right of the One hundred and second Illinois, and lying on our arms all night with bayonets fixed, ready for attack or defense at any moment. On the 26th a heavy skirmish line was sent out and works were erected. Lost many men during the day and inflicted heavy loss on the enemy's skirmishers driving them inside their works. The regiment moved at night to the left, and relieved some of the Third Division. On the 27th a battery from the Third Division took position in our works. We were ordered to hold ourselves in readiness at 9 a.m. to charge the enemy's works. The order was, however, countermanded. We skirmished with the enemy heavily during the day, losing 4 killed and 8 wounded. On the 28th the skirmishers of this regiment drove the enemy's skirmishers into their works and kept them there all day. We built a strong work in front of each company on the picket-line during the night, in which were placed three men. On the 29th a heavy skirmish line was sent out; lost 1 officer and several men. On the 30th lost 1 killed and 2 wounded.

FIFTH PERIOD.

The march to Acworth, June 1 to 15.

This regiment was relieved by troops from the Fifteenth Army Corps on the morning of the 1st of June, and marched to the left wing of the army. On the 2nd advanced on the enemy. On the 3d

