
were marched with the brigade to a bridge over Allatoona Creek, on the Acworth road, which helped to repaid and guard. A company of this regiment, under Captain Smith, opened communication with General Stoneman. Remained here until the 6th instant. Marched at 9 a.m. 6th instant with the brigade and joined the division that night. Remained in camp here until the 13th instant. We marched with the brigade on the 13th instant to the right of the First Division, where we erected strong works. The enemy evacuated Pine Knob during the night of the 14th.

SIXTH PERIOD.

The march to Kenesaw, June 15 to 27.

The regiment, with the brigade, advanced at 12 m., two or three miles in line of battle; engaged the enemy's skirmishers heavily, driving them into their works, and halted all night 150 yards from the rebel works, protected by a knoll from their fire. We built works on this knoll with our bayonets and cups. We received orders at 11.30 p.m. to fall back to a more advantageous position, which we reached and fortified strongly during the night. Casualties during the day, 18 men killed and wounded. On the evening it was ascertained that the enemy had evacuated their works, which were immediately occupied by our troops. Advanced with our brigade at 11 a.m., the enemy shelling us, and arrived at Golgotha in the afternoon, formed in a hollow in support of Wheeler's battery, which was actively engaged with the enemy's battery. We advanced the night to the hill up which the battery was placed, and fortified it strongly. The enemy evacuated the works in our front on the morning of the 19th. This regiment, with the brigade, advanced in pursuit of the enemy. When the brigade arrived near---- Creek, this regiment was ordered forward as skirmishers to find and develop the enemy. After advancing about three-fourths of a mile we found the enemy's skirmishers strongly posted. A brisk skirmish ensued from 3 to 10 p.m., we kept up a brisk fire with the enemy, losing, notwithstanding the protection offered by the trees, 8 men wounded; the men in this case were deployed in an immense swamp, through which some of them sank to their knees, and in which many were compelled to lie down to protect themselves from the rebel fire. Altogether this was the most tedious duty that I have been placed on during the campaign. The regiment was relieved by the One hundred and forty-ninth New York at 10 p.m. On the 20th we were relieved from duty in the front line and allowed to rest. On the 21st we marched to the right and took position on the right of the First Brigade and fortified strongly. Advanced with the brigade to a hill in our front, from which the rebel skirmishers were driven by Colonel Cobham with his own regiment, One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, and the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, and fortified strongly. On the same day the First Division was attacked heavily. We camped here until the 27th instant.

SEVENTH PERIOD.

The attack on Kenesaw, June 27 to 30.

We advanced with the brigade at 8 a.m. on the 27th instant to support the Fourteenth Army Corps; ordered to assault Kenesaw, drove the enemy's skirmishers before us, and fortified strongly; remained

