
here until the 30th instant. On the night of the 30th we were relieved by a portion of the Fourteenth Army Corps and marched to the right of the army, relieving a portion of the Twenty-third Army Corps. Remained here until the 3rd of July.

EIGHTH PERIOD.

March to the Chattahoochee River, July 3 to 17.

On the morning of the 3rd instant the regiment marched with the brigade in pursuit of the enemy, who had evacuated during the night previous; came up with the enemy strongly posted on the right bank of the Chattahoochee River. This regiment, with the brigade was placed in camp under orders of General Thomas near Nickajack Creek, where we remained until the 17th instant.

NINTH PERIOD,

Crossing of the Chattahoochee and battle of Peach Tree.

On the 17th we crossed the Chattahoochee at Pace's Ferry, and camped at night near the cross-roads leading to Peach Tree Creek. Marched on the 18th to Peach Tree Creek and camped on the north bank that night. Crossed to the south side of Peach Tree on the 19th, driving the enemy's skirmishers before us, and capturing some prisoners. On the 20th occurred the battle of Peach Tree Creek. This regiment was, together with the other regiment of the brigade in reserve in column by regiments. When the attack was made this regiment was ordered by the colonel commanding the brigade to the support of Bundy's and Knap's batteries. The enemy attacked fiercely; upset almost instantaneously the regiment in the front line of battle, and penetrated through ravine in rear of the batteries which this regiment was ordered to support. The Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers were also sent by the colonel commanding the brigade to support the batteries. The enemy halted in plain view when they saw these two regiments, but exchanged shots with vigor. Colonel Godard, commanding the regiment, immediately and with the utmost coolness and deliberation faced his regiment by the rear rank, and made an oblique change of front forward on first company, and ordered the regiment to commence firing; the enemy retired precipitately. The fortunate position of the Sixtieth New York Volunteers without doubt saved the batteries which would otherwise have been taken in reverse, and their support feeble as they were would have been routed. The enemy threatened the batteries from the front at the same time, and obtained possession of two of Bundy's pieces. Major Reynolds, chief of artillery Twentieth Army Corps, notified Colonel Godard of this and requested him to move his regiment to the support of the battery; charged and drove the enemy from the guns. This ended the fight at that point. The enemy retired baffled and defeated with heavy loss. On the 21st enemy had abandoned the works in our front, and this regiment, with the brigade, marched to within two miles of Atlanta, where we strongly fortified. From the 22nd to the 26th we were engaged in strengthening our old and constructing new works. On the 26th we moved to the left of the corps, with the brigade, and relieved a portion of the Third Division. We remained here until August 27, when we moved back to a position covering Pace's Ferry, on the Chattahoochee, which we strongly fortified.

