
TENTH PERIOD.

The entry into Atlanta September 2, 1864.

We remained at Pace's Ferry from August 27 to September 2, when this regiment was detailed as part of a force under Lieutenant-Colonel Walker, One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers to make a reconnaissance in the direction of Atlanta. The reconnaissance developed that the enemy had evacuated, and we entered the town without opposition during the afternoon of the 2nd instant, the flags of this regiment and the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers being the first to be saluted from the City Hall of the captured city.

Thus ended our eventful campaign. It is needless to say that it created joy and triumph through the command. The loss of the regiment on the campaign is as follows: Killed, 1 officer and 10 men; wounded, 5 officers and 58 men; missing, 6 men; total, 80.

If the foregoing report is not detailed enough, or satisfactory, I have but the excuse to offer that I have not been in command of the regiment during the whole time. Colonel Godard was twice removed from us on account of sickness, and in his absence I have commanded the regiment. It is impossible to do justice to the bravery, discipline, endurance, and unshaken firmness of the officers and men of this command. Whether in the heat of battle, on the arduous march, or in the cheerless bivouac they have evinced the same spirit of heroic bravery, manly fortitude, and patient endurance.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS ELLIOTT,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain S. B. WHEELOCK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 238.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Harvey S. Chatfield, Seventy-eighth and One hundred and second New York Infantry.
HDQRS. 102nd REGIMENT NEW YORK VETERAN VOLS.,Atlanta, Ga., September 16, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor respectfully to submit the following report of the operations of the Seventy-eighth Regiment New York Veteran Volunteers, up to time of its consolidation with the One hundred and second New York Veteran Volunteers, and of the latter organization from that time to the conclusion of the late Georgia campaign, in compliance with circular from brigade headquarters, September 6, 1864:

On the 2nd day of May, 1864, the regiment broke camp at Stevenson, Ala., and marched thence to Bridgeport. May 3, marched to Shellmound and halted for the night. May 4, marched with the brigade as far as Whiteside's, when, in pursuance of instructions received from the colonel commanding brigade, the right was placed in a position to command a road leading into the one upon which the troops were marching, through which it was apprehended

