
a dash of cavalry might be made to cut off the trains, with orders to remain until the Second Division train had passed, which I did, and fell into the rear of the One hundred and forty-ninth Regiment New York Volunteers, which was acting as rear guard, and proceeded upon the march; reached a place a short distance from a bridge over Lookout Creek, where the trains were passed about midnight, and the men being too much wearied to continue the march, halted for the night. May 5, received orders to join the brigade without delay, and immediately started therefor; joined brigade same day about 8 p.m. near Lee's Mills, Ga., May 6, Marched at 5 a.m. for Pea Vine Church, Ga. May 7, marched a short distance, when the brigade halted. During this halt received orders to report to Captain Wilson, division ordnance officer, as guard to ordnance train, and at once complied therewith; marched all day and bivouacked for the night a short distance from Gordon's Springs, Ga. May 9, in compliance with orders from colonel commanding brigade, joined the brigade at Mill Creek Church and remained here until May 12, when we marched through Snake Creek Gap and bivouacked. May 13, marched toward Resaca a few miles and bivouacked behind breast-works hastily built by Third Division, first strengthening them. May 14, at 4 p.m. marched to the extreme left of the army, on the Dalton road; threw up breast-works and bivouacked. May 15, early in the morning in pursuance of orders from brigade headquarters, the regiment joined the Sixtieth New York Volunteers, and together with it made a reconnaissance to the left and front of the division as far as the railroad, and, finding no enemy in force, returned to the brigade. Soon after received orders to march, and proceeded, with the division, about two miles to the right and front, and formed in line of battle in rear of the Sixtieth New York Veteran Volunteers, the brigade being formed by regiments in line, the whole closed in mass; moved forward with the brigade thus formed a short distance, when, in pursuance to orders received I moved my regiment to the left and on a line with the Sixtieth New York Veteran Volunteers, and in rear of the Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers; moved forward in this order, at the same time changing front, and reaching the crest of a hill immediately in front of the enemy's position, halted for a short time, when the general commanding division ordered and advance. The Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania, forming first line, charged down the hill, and soon the order was given for the second line to also advance. The regiment immediately advanced steadily down the hill and partly up the opposite hill, upon which the enemy's works were placed, when, finding a portion of the Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania retiring in disorder from the terrific fire of the enemy, the regiment halted and lay down, and shortly I received orders to return and joined the brigade, which was done, and was then ordered to throw up a line of works on the extreme left of the brigade and connecting with the right of the First Brigade. This was done, under a sharp fire from the enemy's sharpshooters, and the regiment bivouacked. During the day's action 1 officer and 1 corporal were wounded, the former very slightly. May 16, early in the morning it was discovered that the enemy had retreated; immediately followed in pursuit, and bivouacked on the south side of the Coosawattee River a little after dark. [May 17], marched at 1 p.m. nearly to Calhoun. May 18, marched to a position near Kingston, Ga. May 19, marched to within a mile of Cassville, Ga.,

