
and remained until the morning of the 23d, when, starting early in the morning, the command marched to the Etowah River and crossed to the south side. May 24, marched to Burnt Hickory, Ga. May 25, received orders from brigade headquarters to remain and guard the ordnance train; marched with the train as such until about 1 p.m., when we reached Pumpkin Vine Creek; remained here until about 8 p.m., when the ordnance train was ordered up, and we then crossed the creek and proceeded to within about two miles of the division and halted. No orders having been received relieving the regiment, I remained at this point as guard until May 29, when about dusk I received orders to join the brigade; marched to a ravine in rear of the brigade, and pursuant to orders remained there for the night. May 30, early in the morning the regiment moved into the line of breast-works occupied by the One hundred and second New York Volunteers, and relieved that regiment. Remained here until June 1, 1864, when the corps was relieved by the Fifteenth Army Corps. During our stay in these works lost 1 man killed, May 31, 1864.

June 1, marched to the left about three miles. June 2, about 10 a.m. marched to the front about a mile and formed in column by division, closed in mass on the left of the Sixtieth New York Veteran Volunteers, the whole Second Division in same formation, supporting the Twenty-third Army Corps; moved forward and to the right in this order, and about 1 p.m. halted and bivouacked. June 3, about 2 p.m. marched with the brigade to a bridge on the Acworth road across the Allatoona Creek, about three miles from Acworth. The regiment was placed on picket and remained on such duty until June 6, when the brigade left this position, joined the division, and bivouacked near Big Shanty, Ga; threw up breast-works and remained here until June 13, about noon, when we marched about three miles and halted in front of and near Pine Knob, which was occupied by the enemy; threw up earth-works and remained until June 15, when the enemy having left our immediate front, about 1 p.m. moved with the brigade, and after advancing nearly one mile and half, the brigade formed in two lines of battle, this regiment on the right of the second line, the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers on our left, and the battalion of direction. In this order the brigade moved forward until they arrived near the enemy's main line of works, the several regiments maintaining their several positions, when, in compliance with orders, I moved the regiment obliquely to the right until it joined and somewhat overlapped the right of the First Division, which was also advancing. The regiment now became the extreme right of the brigade, moved steadily and rapidly forward until it reached and occupied the enemy's inner line of rifle-pits in front of their main line of works, about 150 yards to the front, when, the line on my left halting, I also ordered a halt. Finding the enemy's fire very destructive, their vacated rifle-pits offering no cover, and the right of the regiment quite in advance of the left of the First Division, I ordered the right to fall back some twenty paces to a hollow in line with First Division, and there lie down under cover of the rise of ground, which was done. Lay in this position throughout the night, the enemy keeping up a scattering ire throughout the night from their works. In this action our loss was but 4 wounded, all severely- 2 officers and 2 enlisted men. June 16, at dawn fell back about 150 yards, and formed line in rear of the Sixtieth New

