
York Veteran Volunteers; remained here during the day and night. June 17, early in the morning it was discovered that the enemy had retreated from his formidable line of works, and the regiment immediately marched with the brigade in pursuit. About 10 a.m. I was ordered to deploy my regiment as skirmishers, and move forward covering the front of the division; advanced thus nearly two miles, when I found it impossible to proceed farther, the enemy being posted in force upon the opposite side of a small but marshy creek in our front. Advanced the skirmishers as far as possible and kept up a sharp fire during the whole day, the enemy returning the same. Shortly after dark received orders to rejoin the brigade. Remained until June 19, when the rebels fell back, and our forces again started in pursuit. Moved forward several miles, when our farther advance was disputed by the enemy. Line of battle was soon formed, this regiment forming on the left of the One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers, its right resting upon Noyes' Creek, the Sixtieth New York Veteran Volunteers in advance as skirmishers. While thus disposed I received orders from Colonel Ireland, commanding brigade, to advance in line of battle, the right of my regiment following the edge of a piece of woods, which followed the creek in its course, until I had developed the enemy's line. Advanced as ordered, and on passing the skirmish line, ordered Captain Hall to move forward, with his company as skirmishers as far as possible through the woods on the right. Captain Hall soon reporting the enemy to be in force in his front, and pouring in a galling fire upon his men, I ordered another company forward as skirmishers, and at same time advanced remainder of regiment in line of battle across an open field to within about 400 yards of the enemy's line of works, and halted under the protection of the crest of a knoll in front. The men creeping to the crest, threw up temporary works of rails, and under cover of these returned the enemy's fire. Remained here until dark, when the regiment was relieved by a detail from the One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers, and moved to the right of the brigade. Our loss this day was 1 killed and 2 wounded severely. June 20, moved to the left and rear a short distance. I was this day relieved from the command of the regiment by the arrival of Colonel Hammerstein, who reported for duty and assumed command. Moved to the right about three-quarters of a mile, and halted for the night. June 21, early in the morning moved a short distance to the right and front, and threw up a heavy line of earth-works. June 22, moved to the front about one mile. In the afternoon the enemy made an attack upon the First Division, and a feint upon our line; hastily threw up a line of earth-works and here remained until June 27, when an advance was made by the whole division. The regiment was formed in line of battle on the right of the first line of the brigade. In this order advanced about half a mile to the front under a sharp fire from the enemy's skirmishers, but with no loss to us. Threw up earth-works and here remained until June 30, after dark, when our corps was relieved by the Fourteenth Army Corps, and regiment marched to the right in its order in the brigade, and relieved a portion of the Twenty-third Army Corps.

July 1, marched to the advanced line of works, and with the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, formed a picket or skirmish line for the brigade. Remained here until the morning

19 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT II

