
one regiment placed in support of Winegar's battery, which was with much difficulty put into position on a high hill, somewhat in our rear, but commanding much of our front. Woodbury's light 12s were placed in the line near our left on ridges which commanded the approached to what I regarded as the key to our position. The enemy massed his forces in the woods near the railway, which was distant from 300 to 600 yards from the different portions of my line. Advancing under cover as far as practicable, he attacked the whole line with great vigor and apparent confidence. The attack was received with perfect steadiness and repulsed with ease. The assaults were renewed three several time, and each time with signal failure. My line in no part was shaken or disturbed, and we literally had no skulkers. The main efforts of the enemy were directed against the knoll heretofore mentioned, and were continued in that direction until near dark. The position was held at the close by two of Robinson's regiments, which had relieved Ruger's. The artillery of the division performed and important part in punishing and repulsing the enemy. I made no efforts to pursue, as my orders were to cover and protect the left, and I was ignorant of the condition of affairs with the assaulting columns on the right; besides, the enemy's intrenchments, to which at each repulse he fell back, were but a few hundred yards in my front. It was evident, too, that the assaulting force (at least two divisions of Hood's corps) greatly outnumbered ours. The colors and colonel, with other officers and men, of the Thirty-eighth Alabama were captured by the Twenty-seventh Indiana Volunteers, Colonel Colgrove, of Ruger's brigade, and the division took about 125 prisoners. In front of one brigade 5 offices and 80 [men] of the enemy's placed dead were buried. Our early march on the following day made it necessary to leave much the greater number to be buried by details from other commands. The casualties of my division - 48 killed, 366 wounded, and 3 missing; aggregate, 417. The division, leaving the battle-field on the morning of the 16th of May with the rest of the corps, following the retiring enemy, crossed the Connesauga above Resaca and bivouacked at Bryant's (or McClure's) Ford, on the Coosawattee; crossed the Coosawattee on morning of 17th May,l and bivouacked that night three miles east of Calhoun, Ga. On the 18th May reached a point near Spring Mills, southeast of Adairsville, and bivouacked at 9.30 p. m. on the so-called Gravelly Plateau. On 19th of May marched at 1 p. m. to the support of Butterfield's division, reported as having the enemy strong in his front. The division was put in line on his left, and advancing in this order over a very rough country and through the thickest underbrush, reached the vicinity of Cassville, after some skirmishing with the enemy, about 8 p. m. May 20, the enemy having withdrawn from his intrenched lines behind Cassville, Knipe's brigade was ordered to hold the town, and the others were put in camp on the north side and remained in this camp 21st and 22nd of May. May 23, the division marched, at daylight, crossing the Etowah on pontoon bridge near Milam's, and encamped on Euharlee Creek, connecting with Fourth Corps on the right and Geary's division on the left. On 24th we marched by by-paths and mountain roads; reached Burnt Hickory at 5.30 p. m. and bivouacked in a heavy storm; Geary's division on my right and Butterfield's on my left. May 25, orders were received to advance by the road to the right and take position in advance of Dallas. Geary's division was to more on a central route and Butter-

