
of July 3; at daylight in the morning discovered the disappearance of the enemy from our front; reported the fact, and was ordered to form the regiment and take place in its order in the brigade, which I did; marched in pursuit of the enemy, capturing many prisoners, and halted near dusk a short distance from the enemy's line of works near Nickajack Creek. July 4, about 3 p.m. received orders from brigade headquarters to move out as far as Nickajack Creek as skirmishers, the right of the line to follow the left edge of a piece of woods in our front. In compliance therewith, Colonel Hammerstein moved the regiment forward through the woods mentioned, and coming to an open field some distance from the creek he ordered the regiment forward double-quick under a sharp fire from the enemy, who fell back to their line of earth-works on the crest of a hill in our front. On reaching the creek the line halted, and sharp firing was kept up until dark, the enemy firing from his earth-works. About 8 o'clock orders were received to fall back to an open field about 500 yards to the rear and there remain for the night, which the colonel commanding did. Our loss in this affair was 6 enlisted men wounded, 4 seriously and 2 slightly. July 5, during the night the enemy had retreated, and in pursuance of orders the regiment rejoined the brigade and followed in pursuit until nearly dark. July 6, marched toward the left a short distance. July 7, moved to the front early in the day and was placed in position near Carter's Ferry, on the north side of the

Chattahoochee River. From this time to the 12th of July the Seventy-eighth Regiment New York Veteran Volunteers remained in the same place, when, in pursuance of orders from the War Department and corps headquarters, it was consolidated with the One hundred and second New York Veteran Volunteers and ceased to exist as an organization. Though its name is lost, its services will be remembered by history, and its brave survivors are still in the field ready and willing to do battle for the Union to the end of the rebellion. The One hundred and second New York Veteran Volunteers, formed by the consolidation of the old One hundred and second New York Veteran Volunteers and the Seventy-eighth New York Veteran Volunteers, having been organized while the corps lay upon the north side of the Chattahoochee, under the command of Colonel Hammerstein formerly of the Seventy-eighth New York Veteran Volunteers broke camp July 17 about 4 p.m. marched to the left as far as Pace's Ferry; crossed the Chattahoochee at that point, and marching a short distance farther bivouacked for the night.

July 18, about 2 p.m. crossed Nancy's Creek, marched about four miles on the Decatur road, and halted not far from Howell's Mill. July 19, marched early in the morning on the road toward Atlanta until the regiment and division reached Peach Tree Creek. Toward evening moved to the left and was placed near and in support of the batteries placed near the road crossing the creek. A portion of the One hundred and forty-ninth was ordered to cross the creek, and forming a line of skirmishers advance into and through the woods to the opposite side of the creek, occupied by the enemy. To cover their advance, Colonel Hammerstein was ordered to keep up a heavy firing by file. This was done until rendered unnecessary by the rapid advance of the One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers, led by Colonel Barnum and Lieutenant-Colonel Randall. The regiment soon after crossed the creek, and taking position on the left of the

