
July 26, in the evening, when the brigade marched to the left and about 200 yards in advance and relieved a portion of the Third Division. From this time we remained here and busied only in strengthening our works and keeping on the alert for any move which the enemy might attempt. Nothing occurring of any particular importance until August 26; about 8 p.m. received orders to move from our position, which was done silently, and, with the other regiments of the brigade, we marched until daylight the 27th, and reached Pace's Ferry, and immediately commenced strengthening works on the south side of the Chattahoochee River and guarding the crossing at that point; our right rested on the road to Atlanta. August 28, moved two companies to the right of the road and rear of two sections of the Thirteenth New York Battery. Remained in this position strengthening our works and erecting others until September 2. Pursuant to orders received from brigade headquarters a detail of fifty men and two commissioned officers was ordered to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Walker, of the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, which they did at 6 a.m., and, with the Sixtieth New York Veteran Volunteers and the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, all under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Walker, marched toward Atlanta. About 3.30 p.m. the joyous and exciting intelligence of the fall of Atlanta was made known, and soon thereafter the brigade was on the march toward that place, which it entered about midnight; thus successfully closing a campaign which for length of duration, hardships, and untiring devotion, and bravery of the troops who were actors therein has not been equaled. It is with great pleasure and pride that I refer to the fact that among the troops who first entered the goal so valiantly and ably contended for, were a brave few from this regiment.

During the whole campaign the officers and men have behaved themselves with credit and bravery and most commendable patience, with a firm reliance that in the end success would crown their efforts and bring them near the time when the Stars and Stripes, under which they have so long and bravely fought, shall triumphantly wave over the whole of our once happy Union.

I have the honor be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. S. CHATFIELD.

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding 102 Regiment New York Vet. Vols.,

Captain S. B. WHEELOCK,

A. A. A. G., 3rd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 239.

Report of Colonel James C. Lane, One hundred and second New York Infantry, of operations May 8-19.

HDQRS. 102nd REGIMENT NEW YORK VETERAN VOLS.,

Cassville, Ga., May 21, 1864

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on Sunday, May 8, this regiment as a part of the Third Brigade, left the division column, and as escort to cavalry under General Kilpatrick made a recon-

