
naissance of eight miles to form a connection between our column and that under General McPherson. On arriving within half a mile of the place for junction the brigade was halted and formed line of battle and this regiment, with others, erected breast-works, after which the men rested until about 3 p.m. In the mean time the cavalry under General Kilpatrick had succeeded in making connection with McPherson's corps, a portion of which command relieved us, when we rejoined our division by marching about eight miles and arrived at Dug Gap, in the Rocky Face Ridge, about one hour after dark, but not in time to participate in the attack made by the division during the afternoon. The brigade was put in close column of regiments and the men slept on their arms. No alarm during the night. The next day the brigade was ordered back some 200 yards and ordered to form breast-works, the One hundred and second building about one and a half times its front. After the breast-works were completed the men slept on their arms watches from each company standing guard. The regiment remained in this position until May 12, when the whole command was relieved by cavalry and we marched through Snake [Creek] Gap and camped outside of the line of breast-works; Colonel Lane, of this regiment, field officer of the day. No alarm during the night. May 13, commenced marching, division acting as reserve; at night built breast-works in Sugar Valley. May 14, marched toward the part of the line engaged with the enemy and halted about 10 p.m. the One hundred and second going on picket. May 15, the One hundred and second as picket; called in about 8.30 a.m. and the brigade marched back on the line of previous day's march, and a little after 11 a.m. the brigade was put in column of regiments. At 12 o'clock the One hundred and second was removed from the brigade, and moved in line of battle down the hill and across a narrow valley, and then charged in line of battle up the [hill] toward the enemy's fort. This movement was performed under a galling fire, but the regiment was remarkably steady, not losing their alignment. On arriving up the hill found the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers lying down in line of battle, and agreeable to orders received from Colonel Cobham, commanding brigade, moved the One hundred and second by the left flank and took up position on the left of the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, both regiments occupying the extreme front. We held this position without relive (or a chance of making coffee) until 2 o'clock the next morning at which time the rebel cannon were removed from the fort and taken safely into our lines. The regiment was constantly under fire and was also much annoyed by firing from the rear, supposed to come from the new recruits of regiments in our rear. Our regiment lost in the engagement 3 men killed and 11 men wounded. No officers were hurt. We encamped for rest about 3 a.m. May 16, and rested until about 8.30 a.m., when the division again started and marched day by day, with occasional skirmishing, until we arrived at this place on May 19, 1864.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES C. LANE,

Colonel, Commanding 102nd New York Veteran Volunteers.

Captain S. B. WHEELOCK,

A. A. A. G., 3rd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.

