
Numbers 240.

Report of Captain Barent Van Buren, One hundred and second New York Infantry.

CAMP 102nd Regiment NEW YORK VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,

Atlanta, Ga., September 18, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions from brigade headquarters, I would most respectfully submit the following report of the operations of the One hundred and second Regiment New York Veteran Volunteers on this campaign from the 2nd day of May, 1864, until July 12, 1864, the date of consolidation:

On the 2nd day of May we broke camp at Stevenson, Ala., and started on this the greatest campaign of the war, reaching Bridgeport the same evening and Lookout Valley on the evening of the 3rd instant. Our regiment accompanied General Kilpatrick on a reconnaissance to Snake Creek Gap on the morning of the 4th, meeting nothing of importance, and reaching Dug Gap on the evening of the 8th, where we fond the enemy intrenched. During the evening of the 9th we threw up breast-works at the foot of this gap, and remained here until the 11th, when we were relieved by the First Wisconsin Cavalry, reaching near Oostenaula River at 6 p.m. of the 13th, and threw up breast-works. At noon of the 15th we were ordered in the action at Resaca. We took a position to the left of the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, our right resting opposite to a small redoubt occupied by the enemy and manned by four brass pieces. Our regiment, in connection with the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers kept up a continuous fire, and drove the enemy from this redoubt. During the night we supported the Fifth Ohio Volunteers in digging out these pieces of artillery which were now held by the enemy's sharpshooters. We were relieved at 2 a.m. of the 16th. We lost in killed and wounded 12 enlisted men. During the night the enemy retreated. We started in pursuit of them the next morning, crossed Crow Creek at 10 a.m., and camped there for the night, starting at daybreak, next morning, reaching Calhoun at 5 p.m., where we remained until morning, reaching Cassville on the evening of the 19th. On the morning of the 23rd we again took up our line of march, reaching the Allatoona Mountains at 4 p.m. of the 24th; left at 6 in the morning, meeting the enemy at 1 p.m., three miles from Dallas. At 5 p.m. we moved forward in line of battle on the right of the Sixtieth New York Veteran Volunteers, a distance of one mile, where we threw up slight works. At break of day we threw up more formidable ones. On this advance we lost 2 men killed and 2 wounded by the explosion of a shell. At 6 p.m. of the 26th we moved the distance of the front of our brigade toward our left, where we remained until 7 p.m. 31st. Here we lost in all 2 enlisted men killed and 19 wounded. We were then sent a short distance to the rear for rest. On the morning of the 1st of June our corps was ordered to the let of the line of battle. At 2 p.m. of the 3rd instant our brigade was ordered to move immediately and take possession of a bridge across Allatoona Creek and within three miles of Acworth, which we accomplished at 9 p.m. through a drenching rain-storm, our right actin as flankers for the brigade, in connection with a portion of the Seventy-eighth New York Veteran Volunteers. At 10 a.m. of the 6th we again took up our march, reaching to within eight miles of Marietta at 6 p.m., where we again threw up works

