
and remained until 3 p.m. of the 12th, when our regiment was ordered three miles to the rear, for the protection of our division train. On the afternoon of the 13th we were again ordered to the front, where we joined the brigade and moved a short distance to the right, where we threw up slight works in the rear of the main line opposite to Bald Mountain. In the afternoon of the 14th we took a position to the right of the Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers on the main line, and threw up works. On the morning of the 15th instant Colonel James C. Lane was taken sick and sent to the rear; Major Lewis R. Stegman then took command, and at 3 p.m. he led us in the charge up Lost Mountain, driving in a heavy lines of skirmishers and developing the enemy's position. Here we lay until morning, when we fell back a short distance, in works that were thrown up during the night by our brigade. Major Lewis R. Stegman and Lieutenant John R. Elliott were both wounded in the leg. We lost also 4 enlisted men killed and 14 wounded. I was then placed in command of the regiment. During the night of the 16th the enemy fell back. We followed them up the next morning the distance of two miles, where we again threw up works. On the morning of the 20th, we were relieved and sent to the rear a short distance for rest. On the morning of the 21st we were ordered farther toward our right, near Kenesaw Mountain, and threw up works. At 10 a.m. of the 22nd we moved forward with the brigade to a position captured during the night by Colonel Cobham of the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers. In the afternoon of the 27th we moved forward a short distance in mass by regiments and took another position our regiment throwing up work on a knoll to the right of the brigade under very heavy firing, losing 5 enlisted men wounded. During the evening of the 1st we were ordered farther toward the right of the line in another position. We left there the morning of the 3d, reaching near Chattahoochee River in the afternoon of the 5th. At 10 a.m. of the 8th our regiment was ordered to move forward and occupy the enemy's works near the river, and in front of our brigade, that were evacuated during the night. On the morning of the 12th of July the Seventy-eighth New York Veteran Volunteers were consolidated with us, forming the One hundred and second Regiment New York Veteran Volunteers, as per Special Orders, Numbers 222, War Department; the command was then handed over to Colonel H. Hammerstein, formerly of the Seventy-eighth New York Veteran Volunteers.

BARENT VAN BUREN,

Captain Co. A, 102nd New York Vet. Vols., late Commanding Regiment

Captain SAMUEL B. WHEELOCK,

A. A. A. G., 3rd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 241.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Koert S. Vana Voorhis, One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Infantry.
HDQRS. 137TH REGIMENT NEW YORK STATE VOLS.,Atlanta, Ga., September 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to tender the following report of the late campaign, in diary form:

The One hundred and thirty-seventh New York State Volunteers commanded by Lieutenant Colonel K. S. Van Voorhis, broke camp at Steven-

