
son, Ala., on the morning of May 2, 1864. This regiment leading the brigade, started for Bridgeport, Ala., and by slow and easy marching reached Bridgeport at about 5 p.m., there encamping for the night; distance marched, about 11 miles. May 3, left Bridgeport at 9 a.m., crossing the Tennessee on the railroad bridge, and camped at 3 p.m. at Shellmound, near the mouth of the Nickajack Cove; distance, about seven miles. May 4, resumed the march, arriving at Wauhatchie Valley about sundown, where the troops were marched across the railroad bridge over the Chattanooga Creek, arriving at Chattanooga at about 9 p.m., distance marched, about twenty-two miles. May 5, left Chattanooga at 7 a.m., encamping at 6 p.m. near Gordon's Mills; distance marched, eighteen miles. May 6, left camping-ground near Gordon's Mills at 5 a.m.,; halted at 8.15 a.m. near Pea Vine Church, where we formed line of battle, stacking arms, and bivouacked soon after; distance marched, about four miles. May 7, again took up line of march at 5.30 a.m., halting at Pea Vine Valley to allow the wagon train of the Third Division, Twentieth Corps, to pass. Started again between 1 and 2 p.m., arriving at Gordon's Gap, where we crossed Taylor's Ridge, and at 9 p.m. camped on the east side of the ridge; distance, fourteen miles. May 8, leaving Gordon's Gap at 5 a.m., marched in a southerly direction; arrived at Villanow, where we halted about 10 a.m.; at 3 o'clock we fell in and countermarched several miles on the Gordon's Gap road, where we filed right, marching nearly east. Toward dark the sound of artillery could be distinctly heard, which we soon ascertained proceeded from an engagement with the enemy by the troops of the First and Second Brigades of the Second Division, Twentieth Corps. The rebels were driven into their works on the ridge, and the regiment bivouacked for the night; distance, about thirteen miles. May 9, remaining at Mill Creek Church, we were ordered to change our position for one calculated for defense, which we did, the men being engaged in throwing up breast-works until midnight, when they were allowed to rest, sleeping on their arms. May 10, contrary to expectation, we were not attacked during the night. We were visited by a terrific thunder-storm, which lasted two hours. May 11, found us still at Mill Creek Church, nothing occurring to break the monotony excepting distant cannonading, apparently in the direction of Buzzard Roost. May 12, left camp at Mill Creek Church, at 7.15 a.m., and marched through Snake Creek Gap, halting an hour in the gap for dinner. Camped all night on the east side of the gap; distance marched, about ten miles. May 13, started at 8.30 a.m., marching but a short distance; halted till 1.30 p.m.; about 2 o'clock halted again, when the whole about 3.30 p.m. near Resaca, and stacked arms for the night; distance marched, about eight miles. May 14, remained in bivouac until 5 p.m., when we were ordered to march with the remainder of the corps to the extreme left of our battle line, where we arrived at 11 p.m. and threw up intrenchments of rails and earth; distance, about five miles. May 15, in the morning strengthened our works, and at 10 a.m. marched toward the enemy's right, and forming in column of regiments slowly approached his works, being more or less under fire. This regiment was formed on the right of the Seventy-eighth New York Volunteers, and ordered by the general commanding the division to charge and carry a fort in our immediate front. The regiment started, but was ordered to halt by the colonel commanding the bri-

