
gade. We then constructed breast-works and were held in readiness for action all night; 1 commissioned officer and 5 enlisted men wounded. May 16, the enemy having evacuated during the night, we fell in at 8.15 a.m. At 2 p.m. we came to the Connesauga River, which was forded, the men stripping for the purpose. At 5 p.m. reached the Coosawattee River and were ferried, over by two flat-boats lashed together. At 7 p.m. we halted for the night a short distance from the river. May 17, left camp on the south bank of the Coosawattee River at 12.45 p.m., encamping at 4.45 p.m. near Calhoun; distance marched, about seven miles. May 18, left camp near Calhoun at 4.30 a.m; halted at 1.30 p.m. for dinner, starting again at 3 p.m., continued marching until 8.15 p.m; distance marched, about twenty-eight miles. May 19, started at 6.40 a.m. marching very slowly; at 4.15 p.m. were ordered to halt and load, and at 5.30 formed line of battle and advanced a short distance over an open field, when we were ordered to march by the right flank, and continued so to march for about two miles, when we camped for the night at 7.30 p.m; distance marched, about fourteen miles. May 20, remained in camp all day near Cassville. May 21, did not move. Pursuant to orders, the men washed and made other preparations for twenty days' marching. Remained here till May 23, when we left camp near Cassville at 4.45 a.m; at noon halted for dinner on the right bank of the Etowah River; crossed the river on pontoon bridge at 5 p.m.; at 6 p.m. encamped for the night; distance marched, about thirteen miles. May 24, started at 4.30 a.m. soon after formed line of battle, and marched about two miles, then by the right flank, and went into camp; distance marched, ten miles. May 25, started at 7.15 a.m., and after marching about five miles the head of the column became engaged with the enemy. Three companies of the regiment were sent out as skirmishers about a mile and a half to the let, returning at 5.30 o'clock. We were forme din line of battle, composed of the Sixtieth and One hundred and second New York Volunteers and One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, this regiment being on the extreme left of the line. We advanced to within a short distance of the enemy's works and were ordered to lie down, being heavily shelled, losing 8 enlisted men wounded. Distance, about eight miles. May 26, at daylight moved to the right of the Twentieth Corps, built breast-works remained there until dark, when we moved about a mile to the left and stacked arms in rear of the Sixtieth New York who were in the breast-works. May 27, remained in the same position until May 30, when we relieved the Sixtieth New York. Remained here until June 1, when we were relieved by troops of the Fifteenth Corps; at 12.30 p.m. were rationed, and at 4 p.m. marched toward the left of our line, campaign about 8 o'clock ; distance, about five miles. June 2, fell in line at 11.30 a.m. marching a mile or more; were formed in column by division, marched a short distance, so formed in a very heavy thunder-however, then deployed columns and continued the march by the flank, went into camp about 1.30 p.m.; distance marched three miles. June 3, left camp at 2.30 p.m., our brigade being detached from the division; marched to Allatoona Creek and encamped for the night at a late hour; distance marched, about eight miles. Remained here until June 13, when, at 12 m., we were marched to our left, passing through the works of the First Division, and built works for artillery that they might shell Pine Knob; distance marched, about three

