
miles. Remained here until June 15, packed up and started at 1 p.m., marched a mile or more, and formed in line of battle. This regiment was in the second line, on the right of the One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers. We slowly advanced, keeping within supporting distance of the front line. Advancing about a mile over steep hills and deep ravines mostly covered with woods, we approached within a short distance of the enemy's fortifications, when we were marched by the right, flank and became the front line, where a spirited skirmish was [going on]. This regiment lost 1 enlisted men killed and 14 wounded. Distance marched, about three miles. June 16, laid in breast-works, which were built at daylight; skirmishing all day, losing 1 enlisted man killed and 6 wounded. June 17, the enemy having evacuated during the night, we started at 5 a.m., marched in their works and made coffee. At 11 a.m. moved forward a short distance; reaching cleared land we formed line of battle, marching through a piece of woods in our front. Our regiment moved forward to support Wheeler's (Thirteenth New York) battery on the skirmish line. In taking up our position we lost 1 enlisted men killed and 1 wounded. Distance marched, about four miles. July 18, worked all night, fortifying, and remained in same position all day. June 19, left the above position at 9 a.m. in pursuit of the enemy, who had again fallen back; marched about two miles, and coming upon the enemy's skirmishers, this regiment supported a battery until night, when we joined the brigade, and being placed on the extreme right, threw up breast-works. June 20, were relieved in the line by troops of the Second Brigade, when we encamped in a field near by, moving again at 6.45 p.m. toward our right, about two miles, where -our division massed in column by regiments-we passed the night. June 21, at 8 a.m. this regiment and the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers were sent on a reconnaissance, advancing about a quarter of a mile beyond the line of works. A heavy line of skirmishers was thrown out, who soon were hotly engaged with the enemy's skirmishers, who were strongly posted on a hill. Our men kept up a spirited fire all day; lost 2 enlisted men wounded. June 22, this morning this regiment and the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania moved forward and occupied the hill held by the enemy the day before, losing 1 enlisted man killed, and 1 commissioned officer and 2 enlisted men wounded. Remained here until June 27, when we were formed in line of battle and advanced our breast-works a quarter of a mile and took up position under fire, having 1 commissioned officer wounded slightly and 1 enlisted man severely. Remained here until June 30, when we were mustered for pay; at 9 a.m. we were relieved by a portion of the Fourteenth Corps, when we marched to the extreme right of our lines, relieving the Twenty-third Corps; took up position in their works after midnight; distance marched, three miles. Remained here until July 3; the enemy having fallen back during the night of the 2d, we followed in pursuit at 6 a.m., halting at 9 a.m.; starting again at 1 p.m. halting for the night at 6.30 p.m; distance marched, about nine miles. On the morning of July 5, advanced in a southerly direction, halting at 5 p.m. At this point the boys by climbing trees obtained their first glimpse of Atlanta. Distance marched, about seven miles. July 6, remained encamped until 4 p.m., when we marched toward the left, halting at 7 p.m., for the night; distance marched,about three miles. July 7, left bivouac at 8.15 a.m., marched to the front of the

