
line, and laid out a camp near Nickajack Creek. Remained here until July 17, when we broke camp, marching nearly northeast, crossing the railroad at Vining's Station; about two miles farther we crossed the Chattahoochee River on two pontoon bridges at 10.30 p.m; distance marched, about eight miles. July 18, left a camp at 2.40 p.m. marching, halting at 6.45 p.m. for the night; distance marched, about five miles. July 19, were on the road at 6 a.m., marching south, when this regiment was deployed as skirmishers. At 11 a.m. they reached Peach Tree Creek, where we halted on the edge of a piece of woods, the enemy's skirmishers being distinctly seen on the opposite side of the creek. The Third Brigade having crossed the creek at sunset, we were thereby relieved, and crossing the creek, we stacked arms near brigade headquarters and lay down for the night. Distance marched, about two miles. July 20, moved at 2.30 p.m. about three-quarters of a mile, and were formed in column by regiments, and stacked arms in a thick piece of woods. About 4 p.m. we were aroused by a terrific attack of the enemy. We immediately fell in, and, while, marching by the right flank to form on the right of the One hundred and forty-ninth New York Veteran Volunteers, we came almost directly on the enemy's line of battle, and received a galling fire while in that position. The regiment, however, held its ground well, but the right wing being in a deep ravine, the position for fighting was not available, consequently the regiment fell back about 300 yards and reformed, joined the brigade and assisted to build temporary breast-works, and this line was held until the conclusion of the battle. Lost 8 enlisted men killed, 19 wounded, and 3 missing. July 21, buried the dead, and greatly added to the strength of our works. Remained here until the morning of July 22, when it having been ascertained that the enemy had fallen back from this line of works in our front, we left the battle-ground at 6.45 a.m., marching to within about two miles of Atlanta, and halted at 11 a.m. July 23, at 12.30 marched to the left of the Second Division, where we relieved the Twentieth Connecticut Volunteers, of the Third Division of Twentieth Corps. We occupied this position until July 27, when, our line being advanced nearer the enemy, we moved in the front line, our regiment relieving troops of the Third Division. We remained in this position, furnishing weekly three commissioned officers and about eighty enlisted men for picket and fatigue duty, until August 26, when we fell back to the Chattahoochee River, arriving there August 26 at 4.30 a.m. when we immediately fortified ourselves strongly, doing picket and fatigue duty until September 2, when we received orders to pack up immediately, and at 5 p.m. moved slowly toward Atlanta, which had been evacuated by the rebel during the day. About 12 midnight we marched into the city with flying colors, band and drum corps playing, feeling compensated for our tedious campaign of four months, during which time we had marched about 300 miles.

List of casualties during the campaign: Commissioned officers- wounded, 2. Enlisted men-killed, 12; wounded, 62; missing. 3. Total loss, 79.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. S. VAN VOORHIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

[Captain S. B. WHEELOCK.]

