
field's on the left. Having passed Pumpkin Vine Creek on a bridge which the enemy had partly burned, and which we repaired, the head of my column had reached within a mile and a half of Dallas, when I received an order from the commander of the corps to countermarch and move as rapidly as possible to the support of Geary's division. I marched left in front, recrossed the creek, and finding my way along the left bank, crossed again on Geary's route, and, after a rapid march of over five miles, came up with Butterfield's and Geary's divisions massed on the road toward New Hope Church, and passed to the front. Receiving orders from the corps commander to put my division in order of attack, I deployed the division in three lines of brigade front. Two regiments (Sixty-first Ohio and Thirteenth New Jersey) were sent forward as skirmishers. The division, without sufficient halt to recover breath, moved promptly in advance for a mile and a half, driving the enemy before us and forcing back his strong skirmish line and heavy reserves at double-quick. It was quite dark when the column reached the foot of the slopes upon which the enemy were strongly intrenched and across which he threw shot, shell, and canister in murderous volleys. During the advance the Second (Ruger's) Brigade passed lines with and relieved the Third (Robinson's), which was leading, and Knipe's (First) brigade in turn relieved a portion of Ruger's brigade and covered its right flank. Robinson later relieved Ruger's brigade, which had nearly exhausted its ammunition. The division forced its way close up to the enemy's works, but darkness, rendered doubly dark by dense clouds pouring rain, put a stop to further efforts. Butterfield's and Geary's divisions relieved most of my division during the night, and in the morning it was placed on reserve within a few hundred yards of the enemy's works. The major-general commanding the corps followed the advance brigade of my division in this attack, and I feel confident he will testimony to the steadiness and good order, perseverance, and spirit with which it went forward until darkness put and end to the conflict. The loss of the division in this attack was 102 killed, 639 wounded, 4 missing; total, 745. Among the severely wounded on this occasion (since died) was Colonel Archibald L. McDougall, One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers, a most faithful, patriotic, and valuable officer. Six other field officers of the division were reported wounded. The division occupied its position in reserve from 26th to 31st of May, always within range of the artillery and musketry fire of the enemy, losing several valuable men by casualties, a list of whom appears in the reports of brigade commanders.

June 1, the division, relieved by a portion of the Army of the Tennessee, moved to the left, and on 2nd occupied several strong knolls, its left (Knipe's) brigade covering Bronlow's Hill near Pickett's Mills creek, the right of the division connecting with Carlin's brigade, Fourteenth Corps, and the left supporting Twenty-third Corps. I held this position on 3rd and 4th, keeping up a constant skirmish with the enemy. On 5th of June Davis' division, Fourteenth Corps, relieved my division and I moved from four to five miles to the left, taking up position across Allatoona Creek, my left covered by McCook's division of cavalry near Harris' farm, on Hillsborough road. On 6th of June I advanced the division and occupied a ridge near Kemp's Mill, on Sandtown road, right resting on Allatoona Creek, Butterfield's and Geary's divisions on my left, the enemy's skirmishers constantly in our front and contesting the ground. June 11,

