
Report of Colonel Henry A. Barnum, One hundred and forty-ninth New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 149TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Atlanta, Ga. September 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In submitting a report of the operations of the One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers during the campaign ending in the capture of Atlanta, I would state first that the regiment was commanded by Lieutenant Colonel C. B. Randall, until June 20, when the undersigned joined the command from recruiting detail and sick leave and assumed command. A report of the battle of Resaca was forwarded by the lieutenant-colonel, and to his report I would call attention, as it is more complete than any I can give. The data of the operations of the command previous to June 20 are obtained from the line officers. Casualties having been reported from time to time as they have occurred are not given in detail in this report, but a summary of the same is embodied herein. This paper is necessarily more a record of events than an elaborate report of operations, owing to the vast extent of country traversed and the length of time occupied.

May 2, the regiment left Stevenson, Ala., with 17 officers, 407 musket-bearing men, and 45 extra duty men, musicians, and non-commissioned staff, being an aggregate of 496 officers and men, and marched to Bridgeport, Ala., with brigade and division. May 3, marched from Bridgeport to Shellmound, Tenn. May 4, detached as train guard and marched to Lookout Valley, near Lookout Point. May 5, left train and joined brigade near Lee's Mills., Ga., May 6, marched with brigade to Pea Vine Church. May 7, regiment and brigade marched as train guard till 1 p.m. then marched to join division, and bivouacked at Gordon's Gap, in Taylor's Ridge. May 8, regiment and brigade marched with Kilpatrick's cavalry division to Villanow Gap to connect with the Army of the Tennessee; left Vailla now at 3 p.m.; joined Second Division at Mill Creek Church at 10 p.m. May 9, regiment on picket on Mill Creek in front of Babb's Gap till May 12; relived from picket by McCook's cavalry and marched to Snake [Creek] Gap. May 13, battle of Resaca opened; regiment marched to within one mile and a half of Resaca and occupied works erected by the Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps, in reserve. May 14, left position at 4 p.m. and marched to the extreme left, past the Fourth and Twenty-third Army Corps, and erected works on the Dalton road, confronting the enemy. May 15, left position at about 8.30 a.m.; marched to the right about two miles to support Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps. At about 1 p.m. the division charged the enemy, passing over three lines of the Third Division; regiment became separated from the advancing line, but with the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, and detachments from other commands continued the charge up a hill of about 150 feet in height and drove the enemy from four pieces of artillery placed on its summit in an earth-work, but farther advance was checked by a heavy line of the enemy strongly intrenched in rear of the guns. Our troops, however, held possession of the guns under a galling fire until darkness ensued, when the guns were dug out

