
and taken off the field. May 16, daylight discovered the vacated works of the enemy; marched in pursuit, fording the Oostenaula River at about 12 m., and ferried across the Coosawattee at about dark, and bivouacked on left bank. May 17, marched to near Calhoun. May 18, marched to near Kingston. May 19, marched through woods and bivouacked near Cassville at about 8 p. m., and remained in camp till May 23; broke camp and crossed Etowah River near the mouth Raccoon Creek; picket-firing during the night. May 24, division advanced and formed line of battle; relieved by Twenty-third Corps about 10.30 a. m. and marched to Burnt Hickory. May 25, battle of Mount [New] Hope; marched toward Dallas and across Pumpkin Vine Creek; regiment detached and formed line on left Dallas road, two companies deployed as skirmishers. Lieutenant Truair, with sixteen men, was sent scouting, by command of General Sherman. Lieutenant Truair and his detachment passed around the left of the enemy and in rear near to Dallas, and having accomplished the duty assigned him he reported to General Sherman. Regiment remained till 6 p. m., and then joined brigade on the road; brigade formed in two lines of battle and moved to the front, and went into action after dark; regiment in front line; charged over one line of our troops and up to within a few enemy's battery, which opened with grape and canister, their infantry supports also opening on us; were repulsed with severe loss, but remained during the night within 100 yards of enemy's position. May 26, moved at about daylight to extreme of line, and threw up works and occupied them till dark; then moved to the left about 300 yards and formed in support of Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers within 250 yards of enemy's works, and remained under a scattering fire till May 28; moved before daylight regimental length to the left in support of battery and Sixtieth New York Volunteers, and remained still under fire till June 1; relieved by Fifteenth Corps at about 12 m., and marched to left od general line of battle, and bivouacked at about 8 p. m. on the Allatoona road in rear of Fourteenth Corps.

June 2, marched still farther to left in support of Twenty-third Corps, which took position left of Fourteenth Corps; bivouacked about 3 p. m. June 3, left position at about 2 p. m. and marched with brigade to bridge and ford on Allatoona Creek near Acworth, arriving at about 9 p. m. June 4 and 5, worked in repairing bridge and road. June 6, marched at about 9 a. m. and passed through Acworth, and took position near Big Shanty at about dark, and put up works, and remained here till June 13; marched at about 12 m. and took position on right of Fourth Corps, in front of Pine Hill and threw up strong works. Occupied works till June 15; enemy having evacuated, regiment marched in pursuit. At about 12 m. moved about one mile, formed mile of battle and advanced in line to within 100 yards of enemy's main line, regiment in front line and under fire all night. June 16, before daylight fell back about 100 yards and occupied works erected by pioneers during the night; Captain May detailed with 100 men to drive back enemy's skirmishers, which was gallantly performed. June 17, morning found the enemy's works evacuated; followed in pursuit and found him intrenched southwest of Kenesaw Mountain. Regiment took position on Marietta road and remained till June 19; followed enemy, who had evacuated during the night, and came up with him to the south of Kenesaw Mountain, about four miles from Marietta; erected works. Afternoon

