
attack we found Colonel Hammerstein, One hundred and second New York Volunteers, who had reformed a part of his command, and we formed on his left. This line temporarily checked the advance of the enemy, and enabled the balance of our troops to from about 100 yards in our rear. as the enemy came upon us, this line fell back to the rear line. At this time General Hooker rode along the line, and with stirring cheers, the contest was renewed, and the enemy thoroughly repulsed. At about 6 p. m. the brigade advanced to the ground it occupied in column before the attack, and threw up works on the second line. In the brave effort to check the mad onslaught of the enemy Lieutenant Colonel Charles B. Randall and Captain David J. Linday were instantly killed, at about the same time. July 21, the regiment was on picket. July 22, our forces advanced, following the enemy, who had retreated during the night, the regiment preceding the advancing column as skirmishers. At about 4 o'clock the regiment took position in works thrown up by Third Division, about 1,000 yards from the enemy's interior line of defenses covering Atlanta, and about 500 yards to the left of the Marietta road. Remained here till July 25; brigade advanced abate 200 yards and threw up strong works. July 26, brigade moved to left and regiment occupied works at the left of Twentieth Corps and right of Fourth Corps, and about 500 yards from Buck Head road. Remained here till August 4. Siege guns were placed in our works and we moved about fifty yards to rear and remained in support till August 23. Guns removed from our front and regiment reoccupied the works. August 25, at 10 p. m. regiment and division were withdrawn and marched to Pace's Ferry. where they arrived at 4.30. of the 26th. Placed in our old works north of the Atlanta road, about 600 yards from the river, on the east side, engaged in picketing, erecting works, slashing timber, &amp;c., till September 2. The regiment had the proud satisfaction of bearing its glorious banner in triumph through the streets of Atlanta and bivouacking within the boundaries of the Gate City.

Casualties: Total killed and since died of wounds, 56; wounded, 114; taken, 10; total, 180; sent to rear sick, 105; aggregate. 258.

Of the conduct of the officers and men of the regiment throughout the campaign too much cannot be said in praise. The fortitude with which they have endured the excessive fatigues and hardships of the campaign, the bravery shown in resisting the maddened assaults of the enemy, and the heroism displayed as they in turn have hurled themselves upon his ranks are worthily the cause for which they fight, and justly entitle them to the proud appellation of "Soldiers of the Great Campaign." The ability and intrepidity shown by Lieutenant Truair in his scouting on the 25th of May; the gallantry displayed by Captain May, commanding the skirmish line in the advance of the 16th of June, and, again, by Captains May, Brum bach, and Burhans at the crossing of Peach Tree Creek, July 19, are worthy of Special mention. Each of the heroic dead who have given their lives to their country in this campaign is worthy of a separate tribute, but it is impossible to mention all within the proper limits of this report; but I cannot forbear to speak of the two brave officers whose lives were freely offered as a sacrifice on the memorable 20th of July. Captain Lindsay was a brave and competent officer, as courteous as brave, and as devoted as he was able. His loss is deeply deplored by all. Lieutenant-Colonel Randall was a devoted and

