
thorough solider. He entered the service in April, 1861, and although eminently qualified for a higher command he several as a lieutenant and captain in the Twelfth New York Volunteers till expiration of the time of service of that regiment, and was immediately thereafter commissioned as lieutenant-colonel of this regiment. He had participated in a score of battles and was severely wounded at Gettysburg, and rejoined his command with wounds yet unhealed and took part in the battle of Wauhatchie and the crowning glories of Lookout Mountain and Chattanooga. Brave as the bravest and coolest when danger was greatest, the chivalrous soldier and generous friend yielded up his young, life, as he has often said he should choose to do, in the front of battle and instantly. Cheering his men to yet greater deeds of bravery, and with saber raised aloft, are its point touched the earth, his soul was with the God who gave it. His example commands itself to us all.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. A. BARNUM,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain S. B. WHEELOCK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 243.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Charles B. Randall, One hundred and forty-ninth New York Infantry, of operations May 8-June 7.
HEADQUARTERS 149TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,May 21, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command from the 8th to the 15th day of May, inclusive:

The regiment, with the brigade, arrived at Mill Creek in the evening of the 8th, and on the 9th was sent on picket, where it remained until the brigade moved. The regiment was not relieved until some two hours after the brigade marched on the 12th. Immediately on being relived the regiment marched, passed the wagon train, reached and took its the head of the brigade at 3 p. m., and bivouacked at sundown. On the 13th the regiment marched in rear of the brigade, making long halts, and about sundown took position in breast-works partially built by the Third Division, which we completed, and remained in that points until afternoon of the 14th, when we marched third in line with the brigade to the left, and were placed in position to protect the left flank of the army. Arriving there before sunset, my regiment occupied the extreme left and threw up a breast-work along our front. We remained in position in the breast-works until after 10 a. m. the 15th, when we marched sixth in line with the brigade, and were halted and the brigade massed in column of regiments near the Dalton road. At about 12 m. we were ordered forward, the regiments moving in line between. I had moved forward but a few yards when I found other troops, some lying down, which very much disordered our line. I halted and endeavored to re-establish my line, but was immediately ordered forward by the general com-

