
colonel commanding brigade, the regiment was withdrawn and joined the brigade in the rear. The conduct of both officers and men was all that could be desired. Our loss in the engagement was 1 killed and about 30 wounded, a list of which has already been forwarded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. B. RANDALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain S. B. WHEELOCK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS 149TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Near Acworth, Ga., June 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment the engagement near Dallas, Ga., on the 25th of May and days following:

The regiment marched, fifth in line, with the brigade from Burnt Hickory on the morning of May 25; crossed Pumpkin Vine Creek about 10 a. m. and were halted with the brigade about two miles beyond it, the head of the division being then engaged with the enemy. Soon after, by direction of Captain Alexander, of Third Brigade staff, I countermarched the regiment; marched back nearly half a mile and took up position to command the approach of the enemy should he attempt to attack our left flank, where the regiment remained some two hours, when I was informed by Captain Alexander that the necessity for any force at that point had ceased, and was directed by him to march forward a little beyond the point where we first halted and take position on a commanding ridge on the right of the road to prevent the approach of any force of the enemy from that direction, which was done. Immediately upon arriving in that position, by direction of a staff officer of Major-General Sherman, I threw forward two companies as picket, and also sent Lieutenant Truair and fourteen men as a patrol, with orders to go to a prominent hill at our right, and from there take a course diagonally to the right and rear until he struck the creek, then to follow it up to the bridge where we had crossed in the morning, then to return and report at General Sherman's headquarters. The patrol reported at headquarters about dark, having performed their duty, meeting no force of the enemy, but seeing several scouts, who fled at their approach, and rejoined the regiment the next morning. The regiment remained in its last position until about 5 p. m., when I received orders to rejoin the brigade, which was formed in two lines, my regiment being on the right of the second line. As soon as the formation was completed the brigade moved forward rapidly toward the sound of the firing, which was very heavy. We had advanced about one mile and a half, the greater part of the way being under fire of the enemy's artillery, when I received orders to move by the right flank at a double-quick and relive troops who were on the right and had been for some time engaged. The regiment moved by the right flank 200 or 300 yards, when, by direction of Colonel Cobham, commanding Third Brigade, I halted and formed of the front, and immediately received directions from Captain Wheelock, acting assistant adjutant-general, Third Brigade, to move forward, passing over a regiment of the First Division of the Twentieth Corps, which was lying down directly in front of us and

