
just at the summit of a ridge running parallel with our line. The regiment advanced steadily forward in splendid style, in line with the One hundred and eleventh Pensylvania Volunteers on our left, over the ridge, being informed by the line over which we passed that there was another in their front. The regiment advanced some sixty to seventy-five yards beyond the ridge toward the enemy, who was then firing to our left (by this time it had become so dark that objects could be distinguished but a short distance), when, without any warning or our supposing we were the front line, we received from several pieces of artillery and the infantry supports of the enemy a terrific shower of grape, canister, and bullets from a distance so close that the powder flashed in their very faces, and great gaps were literally blown through the line and several of the officers and men were struck by the pieces of board and tin of the canister. The ground afforded no shelter, sloping downward toward the enemy. I directed the regiment to fall back to the crest of the ridge we had just passed, and that as many as could do so should shelter themselves behind the trees and open fire, which they did, and with such effect that the fire of the enemy was in few minutes entirely silenced. The regiment remained in that position until about 3 a. m. of the 26th, when the brigade moved farther to the right this regiment being on the right of the brigade and the extreme right of the army, were pickets were thrown forward by the regiment, and a substantial breast-work built. We remained in that position until dark of the 27th, when the brigade moved to the left and joined the Second Brigade of this division, the regiment being in the center of the second line of the brigade, where we remained, doing fatigue duty on the works and picketing at night, until about noon of June 1, when the brigade was relived by a brigade from the Fifteenth Army Corps, having been seven days and night under fire and within 100 yards of the enemy. The behavior of officers and men was excellent. Notwithstanding the darkness and partial surprise and the terrific fire which swept away nearly one-fifth of the whole number at the first volley in the morning, only three men remained not accounted for, and those have since been ascertained to have been killed. The casualties are 3 officers and 38 men wounded, 4 men killed, the list of which been heretofore forwarded. Of the wounded an unusual proportion were severely so, being 25 of the 38.

]Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. B. RANDALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain S. B. WHEELOCK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 244.

Report of Colonel William Rickards, jr.,m Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations May 3-June 15.

PHILADELPHIA, PA., September 17, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders from headquarters I have the honor to forward the following report of the part taken by my

