
regiment in the late campaign in Georgia from May 3, 1864, the date of our march from Bridgeport, Ala., to June 15, 1864, when I was compelled to quit the field on account of wounds received:

May 3, broke camp at Bridgeport and marched at 8.30 a. m.; crossed the Tennessee River on railroad and pontoon bridges; arrived at Shellmound at 3 p. m. and halted; marched seven miles; the regiment numbered 548 muskets and 13 commissioned officers, being an aggregate of 561 fighting men present; Colonel Rickards general officer of the day. May 4, marched at 5.30 a. m.; passed over the ground on which we fought and conquered in the desperate battle of Wauhatchie; crossed the point of Lookout Mountain and halted at the foot of the eastern slope at 7 p. m.; marched twenty-one miles. May 5, marched at 7 a. m. through Rossville Gap, in Mission Ridge; turned to right on La Fayette road and halted at 6 p. m.; marched miles. May 6, marched at 5 a. m. south six miles and halted near Post Oak Church; brigade camped in two lines, Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers on right of first. May 7, marched at 5 a. m.; brigade halted at Gordon's Mills to allow trains to pass; trains parked on flat beyond East Chickamauga Creek; brigade passed on; crossed Taylor's Ridge after dark and halted at 10.30 p. m. at Gordon's Springs; marched twelve miles; the ascent of the mountain is very steep. May 8, marched at 6 a. m. south to Villanow, near the western entrance of Snake [Creek Gap; the Third Brigade had been ordered to this point to open communications with General McPherson, who arrived at 12 m.; marched again at 3 p. m. northeast, and arrived at Mill Creek Gap at 7.30 p. m. and joined the division, which had made an unsuccessful attempt to pass the gap; marched eighteen miles. May 9, Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers on picket on the right of the gap, facing the mountain (Rocky Face Ridge). May 10 and 11, on picket. May 12, regiment was relived at 8.30 a. m.; marched and joined the brigade in Snake [Creek] Gap at 12 m.; halted for dinner; marched through the gap and halted at 5 p. m. outside of breast-works built by General McPherson; marched twelve miles. May 13, in line at 8.30 a. m.; the division was massed in column by regiments and rested until 2 p. m., when we marched toward Resaca; sharp skirmishing and artillery firing in front; the division was formed in line on the rising ground, having Camp Creek in our front, and crossing the military road from Dalton to Resaca; a strong line of breast-works was thrown up; firing having ceased, the troops rested well; marched five miles. May 14, remained in position during the day, the Second Division being the reserve of the Twentieth Corps. Heavy artillery firing in front all day. Marched at 4.30 p. m. to the extreme left and threw up a line of breast-works facing north and east, Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers on right of brigade, which was the extreme left of the army, and formed perpendicular to the main line. May 15, marched with division to right of Fourth Corps, and were in reserve to support Butterfield's division. Moved up and occupied a hill in front of a strong breast-work of the rebels, which we were ordered to charge in column by regiments. My regiment had the advance. I was ordered by General Geary to push on, and the supporting regiments would follow. Passing over the Third Division, which lay in our front, I soon arrived within close range of the enemy, who, aroused by the cheering of the Third Division as we passed over them, were fully prepared and met us with a destruc-

