
tive fire. I ordered my men to lie down and pick off their men. On ascertaining that no support was coming, I ordered my men to move back, and took my former position. I then learned for the first time that the order for the charge had been countermanded. The loss of the regiment in this charge was 6 men killed and 53 wounded. At 4 p. m. Stevenson's division of rebels charges our front line, but was driven back. Colonel Ireland, commanding brigade, was wounded at this time by a piece of shell, and Colonel Cobham, One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, being absent on another part of the field, the command of the brigade devolved on me. A line of works was built in our front. Tools were sent to Colonel Cobham enable him to get out four pieces of artillery he had gained possession of. These he succeeded in bringing off in the night. At 11 p. m. the enemy opened a heavy fire of musketry in our front, which extended to the right, continuing ten minutes, and ceasing gradually. After this the night was quiet. May 16, at daylight this morning it was discovered the enemy had evacuated this position. Colonel Cobham rejoined the brigade and assumed command. Marched at 7.30 a. m., crossed railroad near Resaca, took left-hand road and crossed the Connesauga on flat-boat at Field's Ferry and Ford; halted at dark one mile beyond the river; marched twelve miles. May 17, marched at 11 a. m.; halted at 7 p. m. near Calhoun; marched ten miles. May 18, marched at 4 a. m.; halted at 8.30 p. m. at foot of mountain; marched fifteen miles. The rebels had prepared to make a stand here, having thrown up a line of defenses. Their fires were still burning. May 19, marched at 6.30 a. m. up mountain on Cassville road; our division turned to right on to[p mountain and moved southwest, south, and southeast; came into the valley again near Cassville; a very rough road; marched twelve miles. May 20, 21, 22, did not march; drew rations and prepared to leave the railroad for twenty days. The cars are running to Cassville Station. May 23, marched at 6 a. m.; crossed the railroad at Cassville Station; moved southwest to Etowah River; crossed on canvas pontoon bridge; the old bridge was still burning, having been fired by the rebels to check our advance; halted one mile and a half beyond the river; brigade formed in two lines in wood; some skirmishing in front; marched fourteen miles. May 24, marched at 4.30 a. m. with Second Division to Raccoon Creek, Third Brigade in advance; moved to right through large corn and wheat fields; crossed Raccoon Creek and ascended to Burnt Hickory Ridge; halted in advance of troops beyond Burnt Hickory Post-Office at 7 p. m.; marched twelve miles. I was general officer of the day. Generals Sherman, Hooker, and Thomas were at Burnt Hickory. May 25, marched at 7 a. m.; crossed Pumpkin Vine Creek on bridge; the rebels had fired it, but they were driven away and the fire was extinguished. At 10 a. m. the Fifth Ohio skirmishers met those of the enemy, and a brisk fight took place. Our division was alone, far in advance. It being evident that the enemy were in force, measures were taken to hold our position until other troops until arrived. At 4.30 p. m. Generals Butterfield's and Williams' divisions came up and charged the enemy. At 6 p. m. our brigade was ordered to advance. We moved forward in two lines, Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers on right of first line; relived the Eight-second Ohio and One hundred and first Illinois. It being dusk, we could only fire at the flashes of the enemy, their breast-works being within short range. The regiment

