
miles; halted within 1,300 yards of Pine Knob, on which the rebels could be seen in force, with heavy works; built breast-works on right of brigade. I was general officer of the day, and posted picket in sight of rebel pickets. June 14, had our works very strong. At noon Knap's battery was placed on left of line, and opened on the rebels on Pine Knob, causing a great commotion among them. General Sherman was present, watching the effect of the shot. June 15, the rebels fell back from Pine Knob in the night. At 11 a. m. the line was ordered to advance, our brigade, on right of division, formed in two lines. The front line, which I commanded, was composed of One hindered and second New York on the right, Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers the center, and Sixtieth New York the left. We charged through the woods one mile and a half driving the rebel pickets in. The Third Division was to join us on our right, but did not get up in time. Our front lines advanced to within 100 paces of the rebel breast-works, which were quite formidable and thrown forward on our right, subjecting us to an enfilading fire. I ordered my men to lie down to cover them from the fire of the enemy, which was very severe. I was ordered to hold on and wait until troops came up on our right, and, while passing along my line to direct and encourage my men, a ball struck me in my left breast, and, passing around my ribs, came out of my back below my shoulder blade. Concealing my wound from my men as much as possible, I turned my command over to Major Millison, and retired from the field, reporting my case to my brigade commander, through Lieutenant Case, one of his aides. My successor will furnish you the report from this date.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. RICKARDS, JR,

Colonel, Commanding Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Vet. Vols.

Captain S. B. WHEELOCK,

A. A. A. G., 3rd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 245.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Samuel M. Zulich, Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry.

HDQRS. 29TH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLS.

Atlanta, Ga., September 17, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I find much difficulty in compiling a report of the part taken by the Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers in the recent campaign, resulting in the capture of Atlanta, from the fact that the regiment was commanded first by Colonel William Rickards, jr., until June 15, when Major J. R. Millison assumed and remained in command until June 30. The command was turned over to Lieutenant-Colonel Walker, of the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, who relinquished it to take charge of his own regiment July 21, owing to the death of Colonel Cobham. Captain Goldsmith having taken command, held it until July 30, when Captain B. F. Zaracher was left in charge. He retained the position until the 22d, when the command devolved upon me. All of the above-named officers, with the exceptions of Colonel Walker and

