
Captain Zaracher, have been mustered out of the service and taken with them all records of the operations of the campaign, so that I am entirely dependent upon the memoranda and diaries kept by the line officers of the regiment. May 3, the regiment left Bridgeport, Ala., in company with brigade and division this morning with 20 officers and 619 enlisted men, making an aggregate of 639; number of muskets, 574. Crossed the Tennessee River and bivouacked at Shellmound that night. 4th, marched to Lookout Valley. 5th, marched with brigade to Lee's Mills, five miles from La Fayette. 6th, brigade marched to Pea Vine Church. 7th, brigade detailed as train guard; was relieved at midday, and joined the division, bivouacking at Gordon's Gap. 8th, brigade marched with Kilpatrick's cavalry to Villanow Gap to from a junction with the Army of the Tennessee. The object of the movement having been accomplished, the brigade was ordered to rejoin the division at Mill Creek Church; reached that point at 10 p. m. 9th, the regiment was detailed, with the One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers, for picket, and remained on this duty in front of Rocky Face Ridge until May 12. 12th, regiment was relieved from picket and marched to Snake [Creek] Gap. 13th, marched about one mile, when the entire brigade was put in line of battle. Heavy skirmishing in the front. Occupied works thrown up by Third Division, Twentieth Corps. Took no active part in the battle of Resaca, which was fought this day, although the brigade was put in position in the evening, and threw up a stout line of breast-works. 14th, left our works at 4 p. m.; marched to the left, connected with the First Brigade, and threw up breast-works. 15th, moved from our works at 6 a. m., and after marching about two miles to the right we passed through the works constructed by the Fourth Corps, the brigade being on the extreme right of the division. We then deployed into line, bringing the Twenty-ninth into the right center. The entire division charged the enemy's works, passing over three lines of the Third Division, and, continuing up the slope on which the earth-works were located, drove the artillerists from their guns. Farther advance was checked by the enemy, intrenched in the rear of his guns,, which could be removed by neither [party. Our brigade held its position under the protecting works of the fort, however, until night, when the works were dug through and the guns dragged off by our troops. The loss of the Twenty-ninth in this engagement was-killed, 5; wounded, 45; missing, 3; total, 53. 16th, the enemy having retreated during the night, the march was ordered, and we bivouacked that night the left bank of the Coosawattee River, which we crossed in flat-boats. 17th, continued the march to near Calhoun. 18th, marched to vicinity of Kingston. 19th, took up line of march and bivouacked near Cassville; remained at this point until the 23d. 23d, broke camp this morning and crossed the Etowah near the mouth of Raccoon Creek. 24th, the division was relieved by the Twenty-third Corps, and marched to Hickory Ridge. 25th, the advance was made cautiously, the Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers being at the head of the brigade. Position was taken up facing a deep ravine. Vedettes were sent out each company, and rude defensive works of fallen timber constructed. At 5 p. m. the regiment moved about one mile and a half to the right of the line and was placed in position in rear of the First Brigade, Second Division of this corps. The regiment then advanced and relived a regiment of General Williams' division in good order, at once

