
opening fire on the enemy and soon silencing a four-gun battery in their front. The firing ceased about 11 p. m. 26th, the regiment moved still farther to the right and relived a regiment of General Ward's brigade, occupying their works. This position was held until June 1.

June 1, the command was relived by the Fifteenth Army Corps, and the regiment moved to the left in the rear of the Twenty-third Army Corps. 2d, the division occupied a position supporting the Twenty-third Army Corps without engaging the enemy; took up a new line and built new works. 3d, in afternoon the brigade left its position and marched to Allatoona Creek, near Acworth, and lay there until the 6th; the bridge in the mean time was repaired. 6th, received orders to join the division; set out; passed through Acworth and rejoined the division near Big Shanty; lay in camp here until the 13th. In the afternoon left our position and marched to another on the right of the Fourth Corps, opposite Pine Knob, a strongly intrenched position of the enemy. Here we built strong works. 14th, our artillery opened on the enemy with effect. 15th, the rebels having evacuated their works and withdrawn from our front, we marched about noon, and moved forward to an open space, where the brigade was formed in two lines. The first line consisted of the following regiment in the order named, from right to left, viz: One hundred and second New York Volunteers, Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania, and Sixtieth New York. The One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania, preceded this line, deployed as skirmishers. The line moved forward slowly, and halted for about two hours. It again advanced about 5 o'clock, on over a hill, the skirmishers driving the enemy into what was supposed and afterward proved to be their works, for the ground occupied by this brigade was clear of standing timber, and had evidently been prepared for defense. Their works not being seen gallantly advanced, receiving a destructive volley of ball and canister from the enemy. There being no connection on the second line not having yet come up, it was thought impossible to storm the works. Accordingly, the line was halted. While halted, under a destructive enfilading fire from the enemy, Colonel Rickards was severely wounded and was borne from the field, the command falling upon Major J. R. Millison, the next officer in rank. Falling back a short distance, in accordance with orders from the brigade commander, defensive works were constructed and occupied until of day on the 16th. The regiment was moved to the rear, farther to the right, relieving a portion of the Second Brigade of General's division. At this point the works already constructed by the other troops were considerably strengthened. 17th, finding that the enemy during the night had evacuated their line of works, our troops took possession and breakfasted within them. Moving forward in search of the enemy, at noon we came up with them near Muddy Creek, strongly intrenched. The Thirteenth New York Battery being placed in position, this regiment was placed in its support. Works were built during the night, and several casualties occurred in the regiment. 19th, again the enemy evacuated a strong position and our forces started in pursuit and came up with them on the Marietta road, their right resting toward Kenesaw Mountain. Until the 22nd our troops were moving, feeling the enemy's position and the nature of his defenses. 22d, position was taken on Kolb's farm and works commanded, but not rapidly advanced, as the troops were detailed

