
to build defenses for the skirmishers. Attacks were made by the enemy on other parts of our line; but none upon the position occupied by this regiment. 26th, moving out of our works, General Geary's division was placed in order of battle in three lines in echelon, this regiment in the second line; advanced half a mile and again constructed works. 30th, Major Millison, up to this time in command of the regiment, being ordered to superintend the muster out of the non-veteran man of the regiment, left for Chattanooga, and Lieutenant-Colonel Walker, of the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, was assigned to the command of the regiment. Were relived after dark this evening by the Fourteenth Corps, and, moving to the right, relived the Twenty-third Corps and occupied works already constructed.

July 1, fell back in evening to another more defensible line of works in rear of first. 3d, the enemy having abandoned his works in the night, we marched in pursuit to-day and came up with the enemy fortified near Nickajack Cree. Remained here till the morning of the 5th, when we again marched in pursuit of the flying enemy and found him posted near the mouth of Nickajack Creek. 6th, marched to the rear, crossed Nickajack Creek, and move toward the left. 7th, division took position on the right of the corps. Remained here in camp until the 17th; received marching orders; left camp about 3.30 p. m.; crossed the Chattahoochee River at Ferry, and about 11 o'clock bivouacked near Nancy's Creek. 18th, marched about 2 p. m.; crossed Nancy's Creek and halted for the night near Howell's Mill, on the Decatur road. 19th, regiment advanced slowly and cautiously on the Atlanta road; halted and remained quit until 6 p. m.; when we again advanced, crossed Peach Tree Creek, took up position, and constructed works. 20th, at noon orders were received to march; moved to the right on the main road, halted in a wood, and formed in mass. While here quartermaster's supplies, of which the troops were in great need, were distributed to them. Heavy firing being heard in the front, these distributions were postponed and the supplies sent to the rear for greater safety. The troops of the brigade were immediately put under arms and deployed in line. This deployment was rendered difficult on account of the undergrowth, bushes, and small trees. Crossing a ravine we met stragglers of the First and Second Brigades of this division coming from the front and passing through the ranks of the regiment. Orders were issued by the division commander to return to the works, but from the confusion of the moment the order was not properly heard by the regiment. Coming to an open space, after leaving the ravine, the regiment was halted, got into complete order, and advanced. Reaching the summit of a hill a volley was received from the enemy, but it was not replied to. Successfully passing the summit the descent of the hill was made, and a ditch crossed under a severe fire. Orders were received from Colonel Ireland, through a member of his staff, to support the Thirteenth New York Battery in the immediate vicinity. While carrying out this order a squad of rebels advanced along the ravine and were ordered to surrender, but instead at once opened fire, which replied to by the right company of the regiment, the only one which could reach them effectively. The firing on this part of the line gradually ceased, and by the sounds becoming less distinct, it was judged that the attention of the enemy was being directed to other parts of the line. Advancing about 100 yards, works

