
for defense were at once constructed. Nothing of importance happened during the night, which had now set in. 21st, the death of Colonel George A. Cobham, on the 20th, having necessitated Lieutenant-Colonel Walker to take command of his own regiment, the command was to-day turned over by him to Captain John H. Goldsmith. 22d, the division advanced, pressing the enemy, who had retreated during the night; went into position, brigade on right of division; occupied and completed works commenced by First Division, who joined our brigade on right. 25th, regiment was employed in building a new line of works in advance of their position. 26th, brigade moved to the extreme left of the Twentieth Corps and connected with right of Fourth Corps, occupying works already constructed. 30th, Captain Zarracher superseded Captain Goldsmith in command.

August 22, Lieutenant-Colonel Zulich arrived and assumed command of the regiment. Nothing worthy of note occurred until 25th. At 9 p. m. the regiment with brigade withdrew quietly from their position and marched to Pace's Ferry, where we arrived on the morning of 26th. Commenced the construction of strong works on the south of the Atlanta road. 29th, changes position; ordered to relieve the One hundred and nineteenth and One hundred and fifty-fourth New York, of the Second Brigade; did so, and changed the entire front of our barest-works.

September 2, took up line of march and entire Atlanta, the enemy having evacuated the city. It was occupied by the Twentieth Corps.

The following statement shows the losses of the regiment during the campaign: Killed or died of wounds received-enlisted men, 35; wounded-officers, 4; enlisted men, 122; total, 126.

The officers and men without a single exception conducted themselves with marked courage and soldier bearing throughout the entire campaign, bearing gallantly the old flag proudly aloft through every contest, and now they have the proud satisfaction of reaping the reward of their labors under its silken folds floating proudly over the stronghold of rebeldom.

Respectfully submitted.

SAMUEL M. ZULICH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain SAMUEL B. WHEELOCK,

A. A. A. G., Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 246.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas M. Walker, One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Infantry.

HDQRS. 111TH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLS.

Near Cassville, Ga., May 21, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by the three left companies of the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers in the battle of Resaca on the 15th instant. The division having been formed by column of regiments in mass, when the order was given to go forward the contracting of the line crowded out the three left companies of the regiment. Under

