
direction of General Geary these companies advanced up the opposite hill lay down in line at the edge of a field, on the opposite side of which were the enemy's works. We remained here, under fire directed to rejoin my own brigade, who were on the right of us. This we did at once, these companies remaining there for the balance of the day. At 5 p. m., Colonel Ireland having been disabled. I was notified by Colonel Cobham that I should take charge of the regiment, and that after night an attempt would be made to secure the guns under which the regiment was then lying. The disposition made to accomplish this was the throwing out a line of skirmishers, who crawled up so as to command the enemy's breast-works, while another party would take the pieces out of the works. These dispositions were in progress when, at about 11 p. m., the regiment was relived by the First Ohio, and the regiment rejoined the brigade. I append list of casualties.

THOS. M. WALKER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding 11th Pennsylvania Veteran Vols.

Captain SAMUEL B. WHEELOCK,

A. A. A. G., 3rd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Casualties in One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers in battle of Resaca, May 15, 1864: Killed-commissioned officer, 1; enlisted men, 4. Wounded-commissioned officer, 1; enlisted men, 23. Missing-enlisted men, 3.

Captain: I have the honor to report the part taken by the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers in the campaign just ended.

The regiment marched with the division, leaving Bridgeport, Ala., between 8 and 9 o'clock of May 3, campaign for the night at Shellmound. From thence we proceeded at 5.30 a. m. of the 4th, via

Whiteside's and Wauhatchie to the suburbs of Chattanooga, on the east of Lookout Mountain. From thence we marched at 7 a. m. of the 5th, via Rossville, in the direction of Ringgold, Ga., until we arrived at the foot of the range (Chickamauga Hills), when we moved to the right of Pea Vine Creek, campaign for the night at a point five miles southwest of Ringgold. May 6, we moved at 5 a. m. and went into position at Pea Vine Church. We moved at 5.30 a. m. of May 7, via the Leet Tannery and Gordon's Gap, campaign about 10 p. m. near Gordon's Springs, having crossed both the Chickamauga and Taylor's Ridge range of hills. On the morning of the 8th we moved as support to General Kilpatrick's cavalry division; arrived in the day at Villanow, where we remained until the arrived of General McPherson's column. At 5 p. m. countermarched and joined the division at Mill Creek Church, where we intrenched and remained until 7 a. m. of the 12th when we moved to the right, going through Snake [Creek] Gap, and encamped in Sugar Valley, within six miles of Resaca. May 13, at noon we moved toward Resaca, going into position in reserve at the junction of the Dalton and Calhoun and Sugar Valley roads. We built strong rifle-pits. We moved the afternoon of the 14th to the left of the army, getting into position about 11 p. m. and built rifle-pits. At

