
10.30 a. m. of the 15th we moved to the right to where the corps was massing to charge the hills held by the enemy. The regiment moved against the four-gun battery, and, together with other troops, drove out the enemy and held a position that completely commanded the battery and its approaches. We remained here until after dark, when tools were procured and the work of digging through the parapet to obtain the guns was commenced. At about 10.30 p. m. fresh troops were sent to relieve us, who continued the work, and the guns were brought in before midnight. We lost in this engagement 1 officer and 3 men killed, 1 officer and 23 men wounded, and 2 men missing. The enemy having retreated, we moved pursuit at 8.30 a. m. of the 16th, wading the Connesauga at Fite's Ford at 12.30 p. m. and the Coosawattee at McClure's Ford at 6 p. m. We moved at p. m. of the 17th and encamped south of Calhoun. We moved at 4 a. m. 18th in the direction of Cassville and encamped at night at the foot of a ridge of wooded hills. On the 19th moved, with skirmishers out, through the woods and camped at night within three-quarters of a mile of Cassville, Ga., where we remained until May 23, at 5 a. m. of which day we marched via Cassville Station and Etowah Cliffs to the south side of the river, where we bivouacked. We moved again at 4.30 at a. m. of the 24th, passing up Raccoon Creek, and crossing the Allatoona Mountains, camped at Burnt Hickory, from which place we again moved at 6.30 a. m. of the 25th; crossed the Pumpkin Vine at 11.30 a. m. Our division having encountered the advance of the enemy, we were halted, and my regiment sent right to open communication with General Williams' division, which crossed at a lower bridge. This having been done, we returned to the division. Just at dark we were advanced against the enemy, who had taken position near New Hope Church. In the engagement that followed we lost 1 officer and 1 enlisted men killed, 1 officer and 37 enlisted men wounded, and 3 men missing; total, 43. On the morning of the 26th we moved to the right, being the right regiment of the corps, and threw up a strong line of breast-works. On the 27th we relived the one hundred and second Illinois on the Dallas road, and severe skirmishing, losing 2 men killed and 5 men wounded. After dark of the 28th we changed position, moving to the right, where we remained until June 1, having lost since the 27th instant, 4 men killed and 2 wounded.

The division being relived, on the 1st we moved to the left and bivouacked in rear of the left of the Fourth Corps, on the road to Acworth. On the 2nd of June we moved with the division in support of the Twenty-third Corps; bivouacked in the woods and remained until the afternoon of the 3d, when the regiment moved with the brigade to which it is attached to hold the brigade across the Allatoona Creek, near Acworth, were we remained until the 5th, when we moved via Acworth and the Sandtown road, and rejoined the division at the cross-roads leading to Big Shanty, where we built a strong line of breast-works and remained until the afternoon of the 13th, when we moved forward about two and a half miles to Pine Mountain, were we bivouacked and built a line of works. We moved on the 15th; the rebels having evacuated the mountain, the regiment was thrown as skirmishers. Casualties were 2 regiment was thrown forward as skirmishers. Casualties were 2 killed and 12 wounded. On the 17th we occupied the works of the enemy in our front; moving again to the right, we formed line and

