
advanced, losing 3 men killed and 6 wounded. After dark we advanced again and threw up breast-works. We again moved forward on the 19th, and at night again erected breast-works. June 20, we moved forward about one mole and bivouacked. On the 21st the regiment was thrown forward ad skirmishers, together with the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York, and captured the hill on Grier's plantation, losing 1 men killed and 1 officer and 7 men wounded. On the 22nd the hill was fully occupied by our troops and breast-works thrown up. We remained here until the morning of the 17th, when we advanced with the division and enveloped the woods on the right of the position by the Fourteenth Corps, to protect their flank during the attack. Loss, 1 enlisted man killed. We threw up a strong line of rifle-pits here, and remained until the evening of the 30th, when we moved to the right, relieving the Twenty-third Corps on the Marietta and Powder Springs road. We remained in position here until the morning of July 3, when, the rebels having evacuated, we pursued for some miles, and are halted in front of a new line of works, where we remained until the morning of the 5th. Marching that day, we encamped on the high ridge on the west of Nickajack Creek. July 6, we moved to the east side of the creek and bivouacked. July 7, we moved to the front and went into position on the east bank of Nickajack Creek where we remained until 3 p. m. of the 17th, when we moved toward Pace's Ferry, where we crossed the Chattahoochee at 9.20 p. m., and camped at about 11 p. m. 18th, we moved Buck Head and went into position, throwing up a line of works. We moved at about 8 o'clock 19th, and halted on the bank of Peach Tree Creek, which we crossed just before night, driving the enemy's skirmishers from their pits on the opposite bluffs; we threw up a line of works. About noon of the 20th we were moved to the front, and the brigade massed, as we were informed, in rear of the First and Second Brigades. The enemy attacking about 3 o'clock, we were thrown to the front; advanced across the ravine and up the opposite slope, and, arriving at the top, the right of the regiment was immediately enveloped--front, flank, and rear-by the line of the enemy, who were advancing from our right. The regiment fought this unequal fight without support for some time, but was eventually compelled to retire, having lost our colonel and 10 enlisted men killed, 5 officers and 27 men wounded, 3 officers and 29 men missing. The regiment retired to the rifle-pits, reformed, and was at once moved to the front, where it took position in line again; threw up breast-works and remained until the morning of the 22d, when we moved to the front, passing through the enemy's works, and going into position and building works about two miles from Atlanta. We continued at work until the night of the 26th, when we moved to the left and occupied the works built by the Third Division, Twentieth Corps, where we remained until the night of August 25, when, about 10 o'clock, we moved quietly from our works and took the road to Pace's Ferry, where we arrived at daylight, and immediately began fortifying, the one hundred and eleventh occupying the left front line; built a formidable redoubt for infantry, besides a line of rifle-pits. We remained here until the morning of September 2, when we formed a portion of the reconnoitering party sent toward Atlanta, where we arrived soon after 10 o'clock, and a little later the column was moved into the city, the One hundred and eleventh leading; were halted and camped at the City Hall, from which the colors of

