
the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers and Sixtieth New York were simultaneously displayed as the first flags over the city.

I have the honor to inclose lists of casualties and recapitulation of losses.*

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

THOS. M. WALKER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain SAMUEL B. WHEELOCK,

A. A. A. G., 3rd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.
HDQRS. 111TH PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,Atlanta, Ga., September 6, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the details of the reconnaissance and occupation of Atlanta on the 2nd instant by the detachment under my command.

The detachment, consisting of the One hundred and eleventh Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, Sixtieth New York Veteran Volunteers, and 50 men from each Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers and One hundred and second New York Veteran Volunteers, together with about 20 men of the Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, in all 400 infantry and 20 cavalry, moved on the road from Pace's Ferry to Howell's Mill at 6.45 a. m. Skirmishers were thrown to the front immediately after passing the pickets, but we advanced rapidly until after we crossed Nancy's Creek and to where the road turns off to Buck Head. Here the track of a column (cavalry) that had very shortly before moved down the Buck Head road was discovered, and the command halted until the Sixtieth New York could be advanced down the Buck Head road to the junction of the road leading to Howell's Mill. As soon as information was brought me of their having arrived at that point, they were ordered to move in the direction of Howell's Mill and join us there. We here learned that General Ferguson's brigade of cavalry, which had been encamped near the mill, had moved away a few hours before in the direction of Atlanta. Fording with our horses and passing the command over Peach Tree Creek on a log, we pushed on toward the city. At the outskirts of the town I met Colonel Coburn, of the Third Division, who had also preceded his column, and discovering that the city was evacuated (there being nothing but the brigade of cavalry before mention in the town), we agreed that the two columns should march into town together, when I withdrew my skirmish line and placed them in the column. The two columns were placed in position in the rifle-pits, when we went forward to the skirmish line passing through the city. When in the neighborhood of the City Hall, Colonel Coburn informed me that he had ordered his column to move into the city. I was chagrined at this avowal, that I through to be in violation of our agreement to come in together, and directed Captain Lambert, Thirty-third New Jersey, of the general's staff, to ride back and order my column in at once. I am happy to state that he did ride, and fast; arrived and by direction, placing the colors of the One hundred and eleventh

---------------

*National list (omitted) shows 32 killed, 141 wounded, and 38 missing.

---------------

