
that commanded all the open ground in front. About 3 p. m., hearing there were creditable rumors of an attack, I reported in person to the major-general commanding the corps at Kolb's house, and received orders to deploy my division in one line and thrown up breast-works without delay.

The information seemed reliable that the whole of Hood's corps was advancing to attack us. I had barely reached the left of my line (conveying the orders in person to each brigade commander as I returned from the corps headquarters) before the peculiar yell of the rebel mass heard as they emerged from the woods and dashed forward toward our line. The heaviest columns were directly in front of Woodbury's battery, and in three lines. He swept them fearfully with canister from those effective guns, and rolled them into a confused mass. A few volleys from Knipe's brigade and the two left regiments (the Thirteenth New Jersey and One hundred and fiftieth New York) of Ruger's brigade speedily compelled those who were not driven back into the woods to take shelter in the deep ravine, and a dense clump of wood and underbrush on Knipe's front and felt. While this was transpiring, a very heavy column came rapidly from the woods into the open on our extreme left,and were brought to a standstill by the first shell from Winegar's battery exploding in its front division. A few additional rounds taking effect in the midst of the column threw the whole mass into confusion, and it broke in the utmost disorder for the woods. No further attempt was made to attack this part of my line. In the mean time the forces of the enemy which had taken shelter in the ravines, and others which had got up under cover, attempted to take advantage of the woods on Knipe's left front to turn that flank. The Sixty-first Ohio, of Robinson's brigade, was sent to re-enforce that part of the line, and Winegar was ordered to open with canister and case-shot along the ravine and through the woods. The punishment to the enemy must have been very severe. He at once discontinued his movements and relapsed into silence. It was now quite dark and under cover of darkness the enemy withdrew his troops, carrying away during the night many of his dead and most of his wounded. He left, however, in our front abundant proofs of his severe loss, which was acknowledged by the rebel journals of Atlanta to have exceeded 1,000 men. During the night the Third Division was placed in reserve to mine. Our losses in this engagement did not exceed 130 men, including some 19 reported missing in action, who were captured by the sudden rush on my picket-line. Major D. C. Beckett, Sixty-first Ohio Volunteers, a very superior officer, was among the killed. The division remained in this same position in front of the enemy's works until 2nd of July. During the assault by Fourth and Fourteenth Corps on 27th of June it was held in readiness to advance. Winegar's battery was placed in position on the left of the corps and was engaged all day with some loss. July 3, the division, moving on the left of the corps, crossed the abandoned works of the enemy, and, following on several difficult by-paths, reached the main road about a mile and a half west of Marietta. From this point it followed the Third Division on the Turner's Ferry road, and, coming up with the enemy's intrenched line, encamped about 4 p. m. on the left of Second Division. The Fourteenth Corps, coming up latter, took position on left of Twentieth Corps. The enemy's works were in plain sight. July 4, in the afternoon I moved my division about two miles to the

