
Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers and Sixtieth New York Volunteers at the head of the column, marched to the City Hall in the following order: One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, Sixtieth New York Veteran Volunteers, detachment Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, and detachment One hundred and second New York Veteran Volunteers, when the two colors were at the same time displayed from the roof of the City Hall, amid the cheers and congratulations of the column. Not being positive, I do not like to set the time of our arrival and entree, but thought it to be near 10 a. m. when we arrived, and in the neighborhood of noon that we marched into the city. I am sure it will be a satisfaction to the general to know officially that a column of his division was the first to march into the city, and that the colors of the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers and Sixtieth New York Veteran Volunteers, Third Brigade of his division, were the first displayed over this stronghold. I am much indebted to Captain Lambert and Lieutenant Schilling, of the general's, and Lieutenant Scofield, of Colonel Ireland's, staff for the assistance rendered me, as I am also to Captain James M. Wells, One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, Captain Elliott, Sixtieth New York Veteran Volunteers, Captain Van Buren, One hundred and second New York Veteran Volunteers, Lieutenant Shuster, Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, and Lieutenant ---, Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, each in command of troops of their respective regiments.

Most respectfully, &amp;c.,

THOS. M. WALKER,

Lieutenant Colonel 111th Pa. Vols., Commanding Reconnaissance.

Captain W. T. FORBES,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 247.

Report of Major General Daniel Butterfield, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of operations May 9.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,May 9, 1864.

COLONEL: The order from Major-General Hooker directing me to renew the reconnaissance this morning was received about 7 a. m. I immediately moved brigade to Buzzard Roost, reoccupied the ridge across Mill Creek with a line of skirmishers. They met with much stronger resistance than yesterday. The moment any of them appeared above the ridge they were fired at by the enemy's sharpshooters. After constructing bridges across Mill Creek, I commenced the movement indicated in the instructions received. While a regiment was moving to hold the ridge on which General Hooker and myself were, the enemy opened with a battery of 12-pounders (from the crest of Rocky Face Ridge on the right) upon the ridge we held and wounded some of the men, and I withdrew them across the creek. The movement was progressing finely around the right of the ridge and on the slope of Rocky Face Ridge without much opposition, when I received orders from General Thomas to return

