
my brigade to the division. Upon its being relived by General Carlin's brigade, I complied with this order. En route to camp I received Colonel Asmussen's dispatch, indicating that I would march by the settlement road at short notice. I therefore left Colonel Wood's brigade near the Presbyterian Church, in order to facilitate the movement. Since that time I have been informed by Colonel Asmussen that I would march by the road nearer Chickamauga Creek, and consequently have brought in Colonel Wood's brigade to the vicinity of Chickamuauga Creek. The orders with regard to rations, ammunition, &amp;c., have all been complied with. The wagons emptied have been sent to Tunnel Hill for supplies. I gave to General Thomas full verbal information of the results of the reconnaissance.

I am. very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant-Colonel PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, 20TH CORPS, Numbers 4. Resaca, May 16, 1864.

The major-general commanding feels it a duty as well as a pleasure to congratulate the division upon its achievements yesterday. The gallant assault and charge of the First Brigade, capturing 4 guns in the enemy's fort; the support of this assault by a portion of the Second Brigade; the splendid advance of the Third Brigade on the left, with the glorious repulse it gave twice its force, proves the division worthy a high name and fame. Let every one endeavor by attention to duty, obedience to orders, devotion and courage, to make our record in future, as in the past, such that the army and the country will ever be proud of us.

By command of Major-General Butterfield:

JOHN SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 248.

Reports of Brigadier General William T. Ward, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,Atlanta, Ga., September 7, 1864.

COLONEL: In obedience to your order I make the following report of the operations of the Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps, from the 2nd day of May, 1864, to the 2nd day of September, 1864, inclusive:

From the 2nd day of May to the 29th day of June Major-General Butterfield commanded the division. On the latter date he left for New York, taking with him all the reports which had been made up to that date. I can make but an indefinite report of the operations of the Second and Third Brigades prior to my assuming com-

21 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT II

