
mand of the division, therefore I append of the reports of Colonels Coburn and Wood; also a copy of own report as commander of the First Brigade. In these you will find full and minute details of all operations. On the 2nd day of May the division left Lookout Valley, Tenn., and marched to Snake Creek Gap, having stopped for several days near Buzzard Roost, Ga., where the Third Brigade was sent out on a reconnaissance toward the Roost, and had some little skirmishing. In Snake Creek Gap we remained two days, a major portion of the time working on the roads. From here the division moved toward Resaca, where the enemy was then in force. Near Resaca, on the 13th of May, at about 12 o'clock, the division formed line of battle on the left of the Fifteenth Corps. We then moved forward about one mile and a half, to the rear of a division of the Fifteenth Army Corps, whose troops were skirmishing with the enemy. We then moved to the left and relived a part of General Johnson's command; the First Brigade relived General King's brigade. The division remained here until the morning of the 15th instant, when we moved to the left about two miles, and were halted. At this place an order was given me to attack the enemy with my First Brigade, formed in battalion column at intervals of forty paces between regiments. The charging column was to be supported on the right by the Second and on the left by the Third Brigade. We formed as directed, about one mile from the enemy's works, about 12 o'clock, the Third Brigade going forward and attacking before any order was given me to make the attack; the Second Brigade, except Nineteenth Michigan, also moved forward; both brigades driven back. I was then ordered to charge my command; moved forward in fine order through the thick woods. After moving forward about 200 yards the column debouched into an open field. I immediately gave the order "doublequick." It was obeyed promptly; the men, moving steadily, rapidly carried a lunette beyond the field in a dense woods on a commanding position and four pieces of artillery (light 12's), which we carried next day into Resaca and turned in to the depot ordnance officer. When we came on to the open field the first and second regiments took the double-quick sooner then did the third, fourth, and fifth regiments. This made a gap in the column. I was then with the second regiment. I turned back and ordered those behind to close up on the double-quick. At that time a battery on the right and that one in front were pouring shell and canister into the column. The musketry from the rebel lines was also very heavy and doing great execution; yet the column moved forward in pretty good order. The last regiment were impeded in the march by a large number of men belonging to other brigades lying upon the ground over which they had to pass. However, they got through these and the bushes as fast as possible; reached the hill in front of the lunette and extending along the enemy's breast-works to the left of said lunette. Two of my regiment flags were placed on the works and there remained until 9 o'clock that night, when we were relieved. Owing to some mistake in the transmission of orders a portion of my command fell beck. When I reached a point of high ground between the captured lunette and the enemy's breast-works I found about 400 of my men. Colonel Gilbert, of the Nineteenth Michigan, came up at this time with his regiment. I ordered him to from with my men. He executed the order promptly. All this time the enemy was firing upon us. We returned the fire soon as the men

