
were formed. I ordered them to move forward toward the breast-works and continue the fire. About this time a captain of the One hundred twenty-ninth Illinois Volunteers came to me from toward the works, saying, "For God's sake, general, don't fire; those are our men in those works." I replied that it was impossible, as our own men would not fire upon us as those in the works were doing. I started the captain to make a minute examination and report, when the whole line of works opened a heavy fire, which threw the men into some confusion, and many, in spite of all I could do, fell back and retreated. Those who remained I ordered to take to trees, lie down, and crawl up to the works, saying that we could carry them, and that I would lead. A gallant, determined band followed about thirty paces. Some 15 or 20 were killed by and near me, yet they moved on until we got within about fifteen paces of the works, when I was shot. I then ordered them to hold their places, under cover as much as possible, stating that re-enforcements would soon come up; that I would remain, sending for a surgeon to come to the foot of the hill behind us. This I did. We remained at this place, under cover of some bushes and trees, for some fifteen or twenty minutes, the men insisting on carrying me off, and I refusing to let them, in hopes that a sufficient force would soon come up to assist us in carrying the works or to relieve us; none came. Thinking that by this time my messenger should have returned to the foot of the hill with a surgeon, I consented to go there, have wounds dressed, and return. I was shot through the left arm, the same ball wounding me in the side, and I then thought it had remained in my body. The slight movement caused by my starting seemed to arouse the enemy (they had been quiet for some time) and he opened upon me first from his line, driving my men and forcing them to retreat on double-quick time. I could only follow their retreating steps. On reaching the bottom I found some hundred men of my command. I ordered them forward to aid their comrades who were already in and near the works. They quickly and promptly started, but as they reached the road covered by the enemy's battery on our right they were thrown into confusion by the shells, and it was impossible to rally and reform them at that point. This was between 4 and 5 o'clock in the afternoon. With the aid of two of my soldiers I returned to our works on the hill, found a surgeon, had my wounds dressed, and returned to the road at the foot of the hill. Were I found that portion of my brigade which had fallen back formed and ready to reassault the enemy. I sent my aide, Lieutenant Harryman, to General Butterfield for permission to assault the works again; this he refused to give. In the charge all of my officers and men (except two field officers now out of service) are entitled to praise. But for a fire in the rear (by mistake) I am satisfied that we would not only have succeeded in carrying the battery, but should also have carried the breast-works. We lost this fight many brave men, but the enemy lost more. We buried 54 of our men and about 90 rebels, they having left their works during the night, leaving their dad on the ground. My brigade was ordered to bury the dead and to gather the trophies. We turned in the pieces of artillery and about 2,000 stand of small-arms. The part taken in this battle by the Second and Third Brigades can be better shown in the brigade commanders' reports; I knew but little; I saw the Third Brigade advance, attack, and return before I was ordered to advance; I saw

