
none of the Second Brigade, except the Nineteenth Michigan, and that I placed with my command. This regiment fought bravely, losing some 15 or 20 killed and a great many wounded. Colonel gilbert was mortally wounded and died in a few days; he behaved most gallantly, fighting like a hero. The loss of the division in this battle was 963-37 officers and 926 enlisted men. The division moved on the 16th instant to Field's Ferry, crossing the river at that point on the 17th. We moved on toward Calhoun on the 18th toward Two-Run Creek (near Cassville). We skirmished over Gravelly Plateau, the enemy disputing the ground stubbornly. On the 19th instant we occupied Cassville. Here the army rested three days. We then moved, crossed the Etowah, and passed though Burnt Hickory. On the 25th of May we struck the enemy at New Hope Church, near Dallas. Here Johnston had intended to make a stand. Our division met and fought him at this place, the Second and Third Brigades only being engaged; they behaved well, driving the enemy into his works. Tho Second Brigade lost 8 officers and 108 men; the Third, 9 officers and 112 men; the First, 4 officers and 27 men. The First Brigade, being formed in the rear of the Second and Third, was not engaged, but lost men by shells bursting in the lines. That night we advanced and threw up works, occupied them a day or two, when the right of the First Brigade was thrown forward and new works built. We then remained stationary until the 1st day of June, when we were relived by the Fifteenth Army Corps and marched to the left of the Twenty-third Army Corps, which was in front of Acworth. We were constantly working or skirmishing all this time. The men of the division behaved with great coolness and bravery, fighting or working whenever and wherever ordered to do the one or the other, they showed them-selves true soldiers. The morning we reached the left of the Twenty-third Corps it was engaged with the enemy; our division was formed to support the corps. The Second Brigade was in the front line throwing up works; the First Brigade in the second line; the Third Brigade in reserve.

On the 3rd day of June this division moved toward Acworth in support of Hovey's division, of the Twenty-third Corps. We camped for the night near Morris' Hill Church, on the left of our entire army. The next day we moved into the works built by General Hovey's command, they having advanced. We remained in these works until the enemy retreated. We then moved on Acworth and Sandtown road and took position at Mount Olive Church, near Kemp's Saw-Mill. Here we remained until the 15th of June, the men having built breast-works. The Twenty-third Corps moved to our right toward Lost Mountain, the Fourth and Fourteenth Corps on our left toward Pine Knob, where the rebel camps were plainly seen. On the 15th the division moved to Gilgal (known as Golgotha) Church and halted near the lines of the enemy, on the left of the Sandtown road, and formed line of battle. As soon as the formation was completed General Butterfield (then commanding division) ordered me to send out one of my regiments to drive the enemy's skirmishers out of a wood about three-quarters of a mile in our front. Between us and this woods there was a large cleared field. I sent the One hundred and second Illinois Colonel F. Smith, who deployed his regiment at the foot of the hill on which we had formed line of battle. Returning about one-half to be used as reserve, he moved off. When the regiment was about half way across the open

