
field General Butterfield directed me to sent another regiment to support the One hundred and second. I sent tho One hundred and fifth Illinois, Colonel Dustin. I was then ordered to move my brigade and take possession of two hills on my right and left front. I moved with the three regiments, resting the right on one of the hills, and ordering the One hundred and fifth Illinois to fall back into line, resting on the hill to the left, thus taking the two hills, as directed. I was then ordered to immediately move my line forward into the woods. The men moved forward promptly like veterans, the enemy's pickets and sharpshooters firing on us. The men and officers were cool, moving as regularly as though on drill. When I reached a road about 150 yards in the woods I halted the line. During this time the enemy had opened a heavy fire on my left, and also upon General Geary's division, which was to the left of my line. General Butterfield had, without my knowledge, ordered the One hundred and fifth Illinois out of the line of battle and retired it to a cover. While remaining in the road I was ordered to throw my skirmishers forward to ascertain the numbers and position of the enemy. They returned, reporting them in full force behind strong breast-works 500 or 600 yards in advance of us. This information was transmitted to General Butterfield. He ordered me to attack the enemy vigorously and drive him from his works, saying that there was nothing but a line of skirmishers behind tho works; that tho main body had returned. The last order was given near dusk. In obedience, I ordered my brigade forward. they moved rapidly and in perfect order. The rebels skirmishers opened upon us, and my men briskly returned the fire, advancing as they fired. We soon reached their first line. I ordered the Seventy-ninth Ohio Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Doan, to fix bayonets and charge the line, and they promptly obeyed, driving the enemy out of the line in their immediate front. The Seventieth Indiana, Colonel Harrison, on the right of the Seventy-ninth Ohio, did the same thing. The enemy fell back firing. It was as heavy musketry as I every heard, but the two regiments moved on. The rebels did not stop until they got into their second main line of works, when they opened with artillery; eight pieces in our immediate front and a battery on either flank. I then halted the line, ordered the Seventy-ninth Ohio to lie down under cover of a hill, and to cease firing. The Seventieth Indiana having nothing to shield them, I ordered their fire to be kept up and the ground they occupied to be held. I sent out a reconnoitering party from the Seventy-ninth Ohio to find out, if possible, what we had to do to take the works, but they were forced back by the terrific fire. My other regiment, the One hundred and twenty-ninth Illinois, Colonel Case, had not yet come up, having been impeded by a ravine and a thicket of battle. The officers and men behaved well. It was now dark. I sent back to General Butterfield to know what I must do-whether to storm the works in the dark or to throw up works where I was and remain until daylight. I was ordered to go no father, but to hold and fortified the position then held by my line. This I commenced, and was twice attacked by the enemy when working, but each time they were quickly repulsed. The Seventieth Indiana was now out of ammunition, and General Butterfield relived my entire line by portions of the Second and Third Brigades. The officers and men acquitted themselves nobly in this charge. I was forced to follow them on foot; consequently could note the actions of all. No men

