
ever behaved more gallantly. The loss this day was-in First Brigade, 103 men; in Second and Third, 11 each. My brigade, when relived, moved to the loft and built works, connecting on left with General William's division. The Second Brigade connected on the right with the Twenty-third Corps. A large portion of the Third Brigade was held in reserve. The enemy evacuated his works on the night of the 16th, moving toward Kenesaw. On the 17th our division followed on Marietta road, crossed Noyes' Creek, and formed a line of battle on the right half a mile distant from the road. Moving forward, we found the enemy in force, strongly fortified. We built works; made some movements that will be found in reports of Colonel Coburn and Wood. On the 22nd instant we moved forward to attack a hill in our front. The division was formed as follows: Third Brigade in front, the First supporting in rear, the Second on left. This attack was gallantly made and the hill taken in fine style by the Third Brigade. It was held by the Third and a portion of the First, on the right of Third, the Second Brigade on left. General Hood's corps that day made an attack upon General Williams' division. The artillery of our division did good service; but the scene of action was too far off for our musketry to be brought into play. Two slight attacks were made on the Second Brigade, but they were quickly repulsed. That night we were relived by Major-General Stanley's division, Fourth Army Corps, and move to the right, campaign in rear of Generals Geary and Williams. On the morning of the 25th we moved on the Marietta road and took up position between General Williams' right and the left of the Twenty-third Corps. This position we held until the 3rd day of July. Constant firing of artillery and musketry was kept up all the time. On the 29th day of June Major-General Butterfield, availing himself of a leave of absence, I, as senior officer present, assumed command of the division.

On the 3rd day of July, at about 3 a. m., my skirmishers reported that the enemy had evacuated his works. The intelligence was at once transmitted to corps headquarters, and I was ordered to move my command to Marietta, on the main Powder Springs road. After leaving my works and moving about a mile, I threw forward the One hundred and second Illinois Volunteers as skirmishers. In another half mile they met the cavalry of the enemy, but drove them easily; in fact, as the column moved. Within about a mile and a quarter of Marietta a column of the enemy's cavalry was discovered moving from the town on or near the Atlanta railroad. captain Smith's battery (I, First Michigan) was quickly brought up, placed in position, and opened upon the column. It was quickly dispersed. They brought up two batteries, however, opened fire, doing but little damage before they were silenced. In the mean time Generals Thomas and Hooker having come up, I was ordered to move to a certain position to be shown by Lieutenant Colonel C. W. Asmussen, assistant inspector-general, Twentieth Army Corps. I marched with a strong line of skirmishers well in advance of my column; for a mile or two no enemy was seen. Stragglers and deserters were picked up in considerable numbers. About 2 o'clock the rebel cavalry began feebly to resist our farther progress, but they yielded the ground easily to the skirmishers, and the division moved on. We them came to the infantry pickets, drove them in and took up position near the enemy. He shelled us viciously, but his firing was very poor. The Fourteenth Army Corps was expected

