
to come up along the railroad on my left. For some reason they failed to do so, but came up in the rear, relived my division, and I moved off to the right of Generals Williams' and Geary's divisions. On the 4th instant, about 2 p. m., I moved off toward Nickajack Creek, taking a position indicted by Major-General Hooker, near the Sixteenth and Twenty-third Corps. On the 5th instant, the enemy evacuated his works, we moved on the Turner's Ferry and Marietta road, my division following General Williams' ordnance train. This march was extremely fatiguing to my troops, those ahead of us moved haltingly. At night we camped on the left of the road, and in rear of the other two division of the corps. On the 6th I took up position confronting the enemy's fortifications on the Chattahoochee River. General Geary was on my right, General Williams on my left. There was some skirmishing here, but it did not amount to much. So soon as the enemy crossed the river my pickets were advanced to the northern bank. There was no firing now from either side, the men having for the time formed an armistice. On the 17th day of July I marched to Pace's Ferry, crossed the river and moved to the left of the main Atlanta road, campaign my command within a mile of Nancy's Creek. On the 18th General Hooker ordered me to make a reconnaissance with one of my brigades toward Buck Head. Colonel Wood's (Third) forward rapidly, meeting with no resistance from the enemy. About 1 p. m. General Hooker informed me that the Fourth Army Corps was already at Buck Head, and ordered me to move my entire division and take up position on right of the Fourth Army Corps. This I did, and threw up a line of works for defense. On the 19th my pioneers and working parties were busily engaged building bridges across Peach Tree Creek. On the 20th instant I was ordered to march my division up in support of General Williams and Geary. Before the position was gained the order was changed; I was to fill up the gap between General Geary's left and the right of the Fourth Army Corps. After looking over the ground, I determined to cross the creek on a bridge in rear of General Newton's division. There was a high hill that complete hid my movements from the enemy, and at the same time it protected the main body of the troops, whilst the skirmishers were driving rebel pickets from the ridge and valley which I was to occupy. The Twenty-second Wisconsin and one hundred and thirty-sixth New York drove the enemy's skirmishers and covered the commanding ground which I intended to occupy by forming line of battle. The troops now moved into the corn-field and formed at the foot of the hill in the following order: First Brigade on right, Second on right, Second Brigade in center, Third Brigade on left. General Hooker, through Captain Hall, aide-de-camp, ordered that the division remain where it was further orders. About 3 p.m. Colonel Coburn reported to me that the enemy was advancing upon us in strong force. I immediately dispatched staff officers to order the brigade commanders to move their commands rapidly to the high ground our front. The division moved at once in splendid order. The skirmish line, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Bloodgood, of the Twenty-second Wisconsin, behaved most gallantly, refusing to fall back until sorely pressed by the rebel line of battle, and then only they retreated slowly, reluctantly yielding ground, disputing every foot they gave up. They had fallen back to the ridge covering the division, followed closely by the rebel line: When my

