
line of battle reached them Colonel Bloodgood drew his men to the rear of the main line, and the battle began in earnest. The first line of the rebels was shattered in a few minutes, my advance was hardly checked a minute, the enemy had evidently believed themselves in a gap between General Geary and the Fourth Army Corps. Meeting my the line of battle seemed to completely addle their brains. Their first line broke, mixing up with the second line; they were now in the wildest confusion, firing in all directions, some endeavoring to get away, some undecided what to do, others rushing into our lines. I still advanced my men, keeping up a steady fire, crossed a deep ravine to gain the next hill to make good my connections with General Geary on my right, and also to gain a position which commanded the open country for 600 yards in advance. Once they had made a feeble effort to rally, but they were too badly broken. They succeeded in making a slight attack, but it was not a concentrated movement; it commenced on the left, running at intervals toward the right. It only resulted in giving us more prisoners, 2 more battle flags, and swelling the already frightful number of rebel dead and wounded. They then fled to the woods, leading dead, wounded, and arms in our possession. I took up the chosen position and commenced to fortify it. The enemy was rallying his men in the woods, keeping up a constant fire on our lines, and made several attempts to charge. We returned the fire vigorously, repulsed the charge before they got far pout of the woods. This was kept up briskly until 6 p. m., when the fire began to bate, but a brisk skirmishing fire was kept up until dark. The ambulance corps worked faithfully all night carrying off the wounded of both armies. Soon after daybreak on the 21st all were cared for. My division in this battle had no artillery, it having been impossible to move it across the country. Captain Gary had his batteries on the Buck Head road, where he was put in position by General Thomas. There he did good service in protecting General Newton's left flank. In the beginning of the battle Major-General Thomas sent to me for a brigade to assist General Newton; as my whole line was hotly engaged and only a portion of one regiment (One hundred and thirty-sixth New York) in reserve, I begged to be excused from parting with any portion of my command. General Thomas, so soon as he learned how I was situated, revoked the order, but requested me to send two regiments; this could not be done, as it would have made a gap in my line that would probably have proved fatal to my division, if not to the entire corps. General Thomas withdrew the request when the facts were communicated to him. During the engagement my troops never wavered, although troops to the right and to the left of them gave way: At night-fall, however, the rest of the corps and Newton's division, of the Fourth Corps, had re-established themselves in their old positions. The fight in my front lasted for three hours or more. To my brigade commanders, Colonel Harrison, Seventieth Indiana (First), Colonel Coburn, Thirty-third Indiana (Second), and Colonel Wood, One hundred and thirty-sixth New York (Third), I am indebted for their prompt obedience of orders, for their gallant and unwavering support in the discharge of duties as commanding officers. Each handled his command well and in a manner alike creditable to himself and to the service. To all the members of my staff I am indebted for their efficient manner in conveying orders to the various part of this bloody field. Especially am I indebted to Major Lack-

