
ner, Captain Speed and Tebbetts, Lieutenant Harryman and Thompson for their services on this day. In this engagement my division captured 7 battle-flags, 25 officers' swords, and a large number of small-arms, 114 prisoners, and 132 wounded rebels, sent to hospital. These prisoners represented seventeen different regiments, from Loring's and Walker's division; 1 man was from Cheatham's. The estimated loss of the enemy in my front was 500 killed, 2,500 wounded, and 246 prisoners. My loss in killed, wounded, and missing, 551. July 21 was spent in burying the dead and caring for the wounded. The enemy's pickets were in the opposite woods, but fired little and woods, but fired little and without effect. On the 22nd I was ordered to move my command on left of Buck Head and Atlanta road, toward the city. This I did, making connection with the left of General Wood's (Third Division, Fourth Army Corps) skirmish line. I moved on until halted by an order from General Hooker to take up position and fortify. This was done, my right connecting with advanced my line, thereby shortening it. Division remained stationary until 27th of July, when General Geary relived my division and it was placed in reserve. On the 28th General Williams assumed command of the corps, General Hooker been relived at his own request. At about 5 p. m. General Williams, through his aide-de-camp, Lieutenant Robinson, ordered me to move to the right to support the Army of the Tennessee, which was heavily engaged. After marching about a mile and a half the order was countermanded, and I moved back to the old camp in rear of the corps. On the morning of the 29th I marched to the extreme right of the army support General Davis' division in a reconnaissance; I moved in his rear, when he halted for the night. I went into camp, throwing up works. On the 30th I was ordered by Major-General Thomas to take up a refused position on the right of General Morgan's (commanding Davis') division. This I did, and threw up a strong line of rifle-pits. August 2, I was ordered to move back to the center of the line and hold my command in readiness to relive Fourteenth Army Corps (except brigade on right) at daylight next morning. My troops were ready at the appointed time, but it was fully 10 o'clock before the Fourteenth Army Corps was ready to leave the works. When they moved out my command moved in. The picket were relived, and I immediately commenced to straighten the lines. I pushed the line forward from 300 yards to three-quarters of a mile, building three sets of pits and forts, using a great deal of labor to strengthen the position to counterbalance my thin line of men. The pickets made truce; did not fire on one another. This was fortunate, as we had been losing a number of our men by the fire of the enemy's sharpshooters. Artillery firing was kept up at intervals, but the practice of the enemy was very poor, doing little or no damage to our works, killing and wounding but few of our men.

On the 25th day of August I was ordered to withdraw my command at 8 p. m. and march to Turner's Ferry with two brigades, the First Brigade going to the railroad brigade. I withdrew at the appointed time. The roads being full of wagons troops we did not reach the ferry until daybreak on the 26th instant. I had working parties fortifying the position to be occupied, and one day was sufficient to finish the works, at least so far as was necessary. The enemy did not make his appearance until the 27th instant, when two brigades of French's division with four pieces of artillery came up to

