
right and took position between the Second and Third Divisions, the latter connecting with the Twenty-third Corps. July 5, the enemy having again fallen back, the division, in pursuit, crossed the creek and fields in front, striking the Tuner's Ferry road just in rear of the enemy's works. After a most fatiguing march, partly along this encumbered toad and partly over by-paths, through a very rough and broken country, the division went into position on a high ridge over looking a portion of the enemy's new intrenched line in front of the Chattahoochee River. From this ridge was caught the first sight of the distant Atlanta. July 6, the corps was moved across Nickajack Creek. My division formed on right of Fourteenth Corps and threw up breast-works. The other divisions extended to and connected with Twenty-third Corps. The division remained in this position near Nickajack Creek until 17th of July.

On the afternoon of that day it crossed the Chattahoochee at Pace's Ferry on a pontoon bridge, and, turning to the left a mile or so from the bridge, encamped on the Howell's Ferry road. On the morning of the 18th I sent out two regiments under Colonel E. A. Carman, Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers, to find the right of Fourth Corps. Colonel Carman Had quite a spirited contest with the skirmishers, in which he inflicted upon them considerable loss. Part of his skirmishers line being surprised, he lost as prisoners 10 men and 1 wounded. The enemy were driven off. In the afternoon the division with the corps moved across Nancy's Creek and took position along the Buck Head and Marietta road, connecting with Fourth Corps on the left. July 19, in the afternoon I moved my division to the front and encamped on the north side of Peach Tree Creek above Howell's Mill. July 20, battle of Peach Tree Creek. The division crossed the creek early in the morning, and, passing through Geary's division, followed a farm road along a wooded ridge, which intersects the Howell's Mill (or Pace's Ferry) road at the house of H. Embry. At this point the enemy had established a large post, strongly intrenched. The head of my column having reached a group of deserted houses about 600 yards from Embry's, I was ordered by the major-general commanding the corps to halt. Knipe's brigade was massed on the right, and Robinson's on the left of the road. Ruger's brigade in the rear was moved to the right to connect with Fourteenth Corps. Later in the day Geary;s division was brought up on my left. One brigade occupied an eminence separated from my position by a deep wooded hollow or ravine, which, passing between our positions, turned to the left behind Geary's advanced brigade and terminated in the open ground, where was posted Ward's division. One of Geary's brigades lay at the foot of the hill occupied by his advance and near the lower end of this ravine. A similar ravine, but of less depth, lat between my position and the Fourteenth Corps, which, having somewhat refused its left, was constructing rifle-pits at an angle to the ridge I occupied, and considerably to the right and rear. My whole front was covered by dense woods and thickets. About 3.30 p. m. I was in the act of advancing a section of artillery and a strong reserve to the skirmish line for the purpose of dislodging the enemy from his breast-works at Embry's house, when heavy volleys of musketry, commencing on the right of the Fourth Corps, and rolling in an increased volume toward my position, warned me that the enemy were attacking in force. I immediately ordered Knipe to deploy his brigade at double-quick across the ridge on advance of the group of houses, and Rob-

3 R R - VOL XXXVIII, PT II

