
stand of small-arms, and some 5 pieces of artillery. My men and officers in this expedition did their full duty, and all are enlisted to praise for the faithful discharge of their duty.

W. T. WARD,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant-Colonel PERKINS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 249.

Reports of Captain Henry M. Scott, Acting Assistant Inspector-General, Third Division, of operations August 31-September 2.
HDQRS THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Chattahoochee River, Ga., August 31, 1864.

GENERAL: In compliance with instructions received, I have the honor to submit the following report of reconnaissance made under my charge this morning:

The forces composing the expedition consisted of 300 infantry from our division, under command of Major Higgins, Seventy-third Regiment Ohio Volunteers Infantry, and 25 cavalry from Colonel Capron's command. We started about 6 a. m., taking Turner's Ferry road, and proceeded about two miles, the cavalry in advance, scouting country well to right and left, to the house of a Mr. Taylor, where we learned that a party of fifteen rebel soldier had been hanging about our lines yesterday, and that two had passed the house going toward the ferry, at daylight this morning. After proceeding about a mile father I halted the cavalry and put them to scouting the country, while I communicated with Major Higgins, commanding infantry. After satisfying ourselves that it would be safe to make a farther advance, we put our men in motion and proceeded about one mile and a half farther. On approaching a house formerly used for hospital purposes by Sixteenth Army Corps, our advance guard was fired upon and a mule ridden by one of the men was wounded. Major Higgins was at once notified, and he hurried forward a strong skirmish line. I then disposed the cavalry on the flanks, and we again advanced our skirmishers, at once engaging those of the enemy, and driving them to their breast-works, from which we afterward received a spirited fire. About this time the "long roll" was beaten in the rebel camps, and soon afterward I heard a brass band playing near or in the city. As a considerable force was observed fronting on each of our flanks, and there was danger of our being cut off, I drew the skirmishers in and retired. The enemy did not seem disposed to follow us, but kept up a brisk fire for some time after we had withdrawn. I have no casualties to report aside from the wounding of 1 mule, as hereinbefore reported. The length of the line from which our skirmishers received a fire was, as near as I am able to judge, from three-quarters to one mile. The enemy seem to be occupation of the works constructed by our army, with some improvements and additions; part of their works faced in this direction, and embrasures were plainly visible. The lieutenant commanding the cavalry also thought he could see some three or four pieces of artillery from the position he occupied.

I am, general, very respectfully, you obedient servant,

H. M. SCOTT,

Captain, 70 Ind. Vol. Infty., and A. A. A. G., 3rd Div., 20th A. C.

Brigadier General W. T. WARD,

Commanding Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps.

