
[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Turner's Ferry, Ga., August 31, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the major-general commanding the corps.

From this report, and from information gained through various sources, I am inclined to believe that Atlanta is garrisoned by French's division, of Hardee's corps, and a number of Governor Brown's militia. I have learned that the slight attack by the enemy on Saturday last upon my command was made by two brigades of French's division.

W. T. WARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Atlanta, Ga., September 3, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of reconnaissance made yesterday, which resulted in the occupation of Atlanta by our forces:

The troops composing this expedition consisted of 900 infantry from Second and Third Brigades, under command of Colonel John Coburn, and about 25 cavalry from Colonel Capron's brigade. Taking the advance with cavalry, I proceeded out Turner's Ferry road, and, scouting country thoroughly to right and left, advanced without opposition to the works in front of Atlanta formerly occupied by our division. Here we halted a few moments for the purpose of taking some observations, and, accompanied by Captain Smith, Battery I, First Michigan Artillery; Lieutenant J. P. Thompson, provost-marshal, Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps; Lieutenant F. C. Crawford, acting assistant adjutant-general, Second Brigade, Third Division, and two cavalrymen, I went on to the hill formerly occupied by the former officer with his battery, and from which we could see the city. As no indication of there being troops at Atlanta was seen, I sent an orderly to communicate the fact to Colonel Coburn, and to bring up the rest of the cavalry, while myself and party advanced still farther upon a road which led into the city to our right. After entering the works of enemy a few rebels were seen retiring toward the place, and we immediately gave pursuit. A few moments later, however, rebel cavalry formed in line across each of the streets leading toward us, and a considerable force moved to our left, drew up in line, and fired upon us. As the rest of my cavalry had not yet made its appearance, we drew out, taking with us 1 prisoner. I then communicated with you by courier, and also reported to Colonel Coburn how matters stood. Taking all of the cavalry with me, I then moved to the left and rear of the position occupied by the body of rebel cavalry reported above as having opened fire upon us, and took another road leading into the city. Soon after passing through the works formerly occupied by our army a body of men was observed coming out from the city. Advancing rapidly toward them, I discovered that they were citizens bearing a flag of truce. Going forward, I asked them what propositions they had to make. One of them then made himself known as the mayor, and said that he had come to surrender the city and ask

