
protection for non-combatants and private property. In answer to further interrogative he that General Ferguson's brigade was just retiring from the city, and that the general had agreed to withdraw without offering us resistance in order to insure the safety of non-combatants. I notified you immediately by courier of the surrender, and then escorted Colonel Coburn to the place where the mayor and citizens were assembled. I then rejoined the cavalry, who were pushing forward into the city. Notwithstanding the assurance of the mayor that resistance would not be offered us, we had scarcely entered the city before we were fired upon and a spirited skirmish ensued. I notified some of the citizens that we considered this as a violation of good faith, and that if the rebels continued to fire from behind houses they need expect no protection for persons or property, and that they had better communicate this fact to the enemy. The mayor afterward went out and endeavored to stop the firing, but came back reporting that he could do nothing with the men, that it was but a few drunken stragglers, and that they had come very near shooting him. The infantry skirmishers were then pushed forward and with the cavalry cleared the city. We captured in all over 100 prisoners, and found in City Hall about 100 stand of small-arms and 5,000 percussion caps. The latter were afterward destroyed, as were many of the records of the clerk's office, by some men who came in at a later hour of the day. The rebels also left a number of pieces of heavy artillery and a quantity of ammunition. The men of this command behaved excellently. There was no disposition to straggle or commit depredations manifested. We first entered the city at about 9 a. m., and about one hour afterward the surrender was made. Attached hereto find copy of capitulation. About 2 p. m. part of the First and Second Divisions came up, and soon after General Slocum arrived and took command. I have no casualties to report. Where all behaved so gallantly it would be invidious to make any distinctions. I feel, however, that it is due to Lieutenant Born, Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry, commanding the cavalry, to say that both he and his men behaved splendidly.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. SCOTT,

Captain, 70th Ind. Vol. Infty., and A. A. I. G., 3rd Div., 20th A. C.

[Brigadier General W. T. WARD,

Commanding Third Division.]

ATLANTA, GA., September 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General WARD,

Commanding Third Division, Twentieth Corps:

SIR: The fortune of war has placed Atlanta in your hands. As mayor of the city I ask protection to non-combatants and private property.

JAMES M. CALHOUN,

Mayor of Atlanta.

Attest:

H. M. SCOTT,

Captain and Actg. Asst. Insp. General, 3rd Div., 20th Army Corps.

J. P. THOMPSON,

Lieutenant and Actg. Aide-de-Camp, 3rd Div., 20th Army Corps.

