HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,Atlanta, Ga., September 7, 1864.

COLONEL: In compliance with orders received this morning, I have the honor to report that the only captured property taken up by the officers of this division, on the occupation of Atlanta, was 40 muskets taken up by Captain James C. McKell, ordnance officer of this division, When we first entered the city I found scattered in and about City Hall 108 stand of small-arms, and in one of the rooms od said building were stowed away about 5,000 percussion caps. before I could obtain a guard for the building, some men from another command came in and carried off or destroyed the caps, together with many of the records of the clerk's office. I afterward gathered the arms together, and placed a guard over the premises. This guard was afterward relieved, and the arms, I presume, were taken up by officers in charge. Five guns were found upon the railroad, and two dismounted pieces were reported as in one of the forts.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. SCOTT,

Captain and Actg. Asst. Insp. General, 3rd Div., 20th Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel W. ASMUSSEN,

Assistant Inspector-General, Twentieth Corps.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,ASSISTANT INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE.

Respectfully returned.

The list should state how many siege or field pieces have been found and taken possession of. The same with regard to the small-arms, the ordnance officer being the proper person to take charge of them.

By command of Major-General Slocum:

C. W. ASMUSSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General.

Numbers 250.

Report of Surg. William Grinsted, U. S. Army, Surgeon in Chief.
HDQRS. THIRD DIV., TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,OFFICE OF SURGEON IN CHIEF,

Atlanta, Ga., September 29, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with your request I have the honor to forward the following as a brief history, medical and surgical, of the campaign of Atlanta, of the Third Division, Twentieth Corps, Army of the Cumberland:

On the 2nd day of May, 1864, we left Lookout Valley, Tenn., under the command of Major General Daniel Butterfield. The force in good health, as the entire sick had previously been placed in hospital at Chattanooga. In some regiments there was a tendency to scurvy and a few cases of ulceration, arising from vaccine virus, producing an ulcer sui generis exceedingly intractable but giving rise to no severe constitutional derangement. The weather was fine, the marches light, the roads good, and stores sufficient. On the 8th day

