
of May we first encountered the enemy at Buzzard Roost. In two days' operations there were some 10 wounded. By a series of light marches we arrived at Snake Creek Gap, in Sugar Creek Valley, where we joined the Sixteenth Army Corps, and in the afternoon of the 14th of May we had severe skirmishing with the enemy. Third Division had some 35 wounded. There were left at Barrett's farm, and our division having advanced near Resaca they were ordered to take some works, which they gallantly did, suffering severely. Fifty-five were killed and 580 wounded. Two sections of hospitals were on the move at the time of the commencement of the action, A place was selected with good water, tents pitched, and all appliances made ready as quickly as possible. The wounded, over 600, were admitted and attended to as quickly as possible, and the whole operated on and dressed by 10 o'clock next morning, well cared for, and made comfortable. I am indebted to surgeons of the Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, and of the Fourteenth Army Corps, for timely and valuable assistance by which many more wounded were dressed and operated on than could have been by our own medical staff, who works faithfully the whole night without intermission. Many of the wounded were still left who received the requisite attention that morning. The fire was close from four pieces of artillery, and that from muskets, both at short and long range, through black-jacks and pine saplings and in an open field. There was no marked distinction in the character of these wounds, except proportionally more were slightly wounded, both in the superior and inferior extremities, than in any subsequent action. Here, there being no lack of supplies, the men were well fed and sheltered. The wounded, with those left at Barrett's farm, remained nearly a week, and were sent to Resaca in ambulances to field hospital, in charge of Asst. Surg. M. C. Woodworth, U. S. Volunteers. The hospital was left in charge of Surgeon McPheeters, Thirty-third Indiana Volunteers, owing to Assistant Surgeon Stanway not reporting (who was regularly as recorder) with the rest of the medical staff. For the time of action the official records are neither so full nor correct as I could wish them. Of the capital operations, performed by a skillful and careful corps, amputations were both circular and flap, at the option of the operator. In injuries about the had of the humerus excision was preferred to amputations at the shoulder. Wounds penetrating the thorax and abdomen were, with some few exceptions, fatal; in every case wounds inducing hernia cerebri produced death.

On the 17th of May we left for Cassville. On the 19th of May late in the evening, the troops having been in line of battle and marching during the day-the frequent halts were of advantage to them-they fought the battle of Cassville, capturing the town. Few were wounded (10), who were placed in a comfortable house and immediately attended. They were sent to the rear, via Kingston, in ambulances. There were 10 wounded in this action. The weather was fine occasional showers, the roads in good condition, the troops in good health and spirits, no local cause of disease existing beyond the consequent fatigue of a campaign. There were, few cases of sickness requiring continuous treatment. Two days' rest after the affair of Cassville, with facilities for washing and bathing, of which the men availed themselves, contributed greatly to the endurance of the subsequent fatigues. On the 23rd of May we crossed the Etowah River. On the 25th instant we met

