
the enemy suddenly at New Hope Church, before Dallas. When I found a battle was impending, I turned the regimental panniers, stewards. &amp;c., to the right and rear, and established a hospital at the house of one Hawkins, a mile and a half from the front, on a good, smooth road. I was ordered still father to the rear, across Pumpkin Vine Creek, but the roads being full of advancing troops, I was unable to obey. The hospital train was cut off, but by strenuous exertions it arrived at 6 a. m. on the 26th. We had the usual operating corps and sufficiency of appliances, except blankets and tents. The men were under shelter, and those of our own division, as well as the wounded, over 100, of the First Division, Twentieth Army Corps, who were, at the request of Surgeon Cox, U. S. Volunteers, surgeon in chief of First Division, Twentieth Army Corps, attended, operated on, and made as comfortable as the circumstances permitted that night. The wounds were not of peculiarly grave nature. On the 26th day of May the hospital tents were pitched within a mile and a half of the line of battle (the forces having advanced). The location was good, well protected. Wood and water in abundance, and on a good road. The army medical supply train here came up; although, as yet, we had not exhausted our supplies, from it we replenished. The sick and wounded were sent on the 29th to Kingston; the graver cases in ambulances, the lighter in army wagons; the only time, I am happy to say, we had to use such transportation during this campaign. From our advent till the advance from this position, on the 31st of May, there was continuous firing, with occasional sharp attacks, both by day and night, resulting always in the repulse of the enemy. Our troops being in breast-works, were not exposed, but the wounds received were severe. In the whole of action we had 245 wounded. From the nature of the enemy's campaign-a retreat-little artillery was used by them until the affair of Kenesaw Mountain, so the wounds were from musketry chiefly. At this time the continual fatigue became apparent on the health of the men, and those of less firm constitution began to fail, but with the exception of a few slight case of scurvy no serious or formidable diseases attacked the troops. The usual disorders of the digestive organs, incident to camp life, neither increased nor diminished in a perceptible degree. I regret to state that on the 2nd day of June, 1864, Surgeon Potter, One hundred and fifth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, was killed by an unexploded shell striking him in the forehead. He is universally regretted, no less for his professional acquirements than his gentlemanly demeanor. Until the 9th or 10th of June this division was held in reserve. For two weeks in had rained heavy, and the roads were much cut up. The rain had no visible effect on the health of the troops. On the 15th of June we had a sharp fight at Golgotha, in which Major Griffin, of the Nineteenth Michigan Volunteers, was mortally wounded. One hundred and eleven were received wounded that night hospital. By working till nearly daylight, all were well attended. Supplies plentiful, and the hospital in good order to receive patients. The wounded were sent to Acworth with, as in all cases of transfers, cooked and raw rations; a medical officer in charge of train. The sick and wounded in this division have always been supplied with a medical officer, nurses, and rations, also stimulants, &c., in being moved from one place to another, although it has not at all times been practicable to make coffee on the way. The medi-

