
cal officers in charge of train have always reported that the United States and Christian Commissions have universally supplied many comforts to the men in transitu. On the 19th of June we crossed Noyes' Creek with the hospital, and received some 25 wounded, when, from the position of the enemy, immediately in our front, we were obliged to leave that location in haste. We went a mile to the rear and re-established-the only time we had to remove the hospital during the campaign. On the 22nd of June we received some 200 wounded, as our division was sharply engaged and drove the enemy. Four deaths occurred here. On the 24th of June the wounded were removed to Acworth, and one section of the hospital moved with the forces to Kolb's farm, on the Marietta and Sandtown road. Major-General Butterfield was obliged here to leave the command on account of his health. Brigadier-General Ward has since held the command. Here we remained several days. Heavy skirmishing in this division and some few wounded, for the most part fatally; 2 deaths in hospital. The brigade organization of hospitals was here abandoned, and the whole consolidated into a division hospital. There was casualties from skirmishing before Marietta. The wounded were sent to Acworth in ambulances. On Sunday, July 3, 1864, we moved forward toward Marietta, and had 3 men wounded by shell on the march, whom we transported in ambulances several days, but who did well notwithstanding. The command moving slowly, one section of the hospital was always up with it and continued to advance. There was skirmishing for some two weeks, with but few casualties. Scorbutic affections on the increase. On the 10th instant 75 men were sent to Marietta to general field hospital. The weather continued fine and warm. On the 20th of July we met the enemy, and after a sharp fight of three or four hours we drove him, with severe loss. In this action Third Division had 345 wounded. There were 110 rebel wounded brought into hospital. But one section of the hospital was at the time present with the command,,the rest being back at Buck Head and beyond, with some 250 sick. The wounded were fed and attended as promptly as possible. The weather was fine and warm. They were made comfortable until the next day, when the remaining sections of the hospital arrived and they were all placed under shelter. The wounds received in this action were of a severe character, the enemy charging boldly. The rebels received were very wounded, many having from to five wounds, a single wound being the exception. Six died the same night they came in, and some 30 subsequently prior to their transportation.

To the surgeons of the Fourth Army Corps I am indebted for valuable assistance, crowded as was the medical staff by the influx of nearly 500 wounded in a few hours. There were 21 deaths in this hospital. There were sufficient commissary and hospital supplies to meet the requirements, and the wounded were taken in ambulances to Vining's Station. On the 24th day of July we moved on the Marietta and Sandtown road to within a mile of our line, north of Atlanta, and lay there one month, during which time I was relived from my duties as surgeon in chief of Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps, and ordered to report to Major Reynolds as surgeon in chief of corps artillery; but as i am cognizant of the operations of the hospital, I continue. The hospital, although in advance in a seemingly exposed site during site during the whole siege of Atlanta, escaped shot

22 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT II

