
and shell. Surgeon Cooper, U. S. Army, medical director, gave me explicit instructions, in case shot or shell came into hospital, instantly to remove. A site was selected in the rear, but was never occupied. The location used was dry, easily drainer, with plenty of good, cool water, and accessible from the division. The division marched to the right, but the hospital remained, with the exception of one section, which, under the charge of Brigade Surgeon B. L. Hovey, marched with the division to the right and returned. During the month we laid here many men were wounded, while in camp, in the head, bowels, and chest, and many died of their wounds, in all 15. The number of casualties before Atlanta amounted to 96 wounded and 15 deaths, extending over thirty days. With the exception of the want of vegetables, the command and hospital did not suffer. There was an increased amount of admissions from sickness incident to the protracted campaign and the season, but few fatal cases of disease. These, for the most part, have since been returned to duty. On the

25th of August the division fell back over the Chattahoochee River. The hospital was located near the railroad brigade. Two only were wounded. Also, from accidental explosion of shall, 2 men were wounded from the Fourteenth Army Corps; both cases of amputation, and were turned over to field hospital in Atlanta. On the 4th day of September the hospital was moved to an eligible site in Atlanta, where it is at present.

I have given results of actions, with dates, in a tabular from. In all cases of capital operations and painful examinations of wounds, ether, but principally chloroform, has been unstintingly used, and I am gratified to remark no visible ill has occurred, except nausea and vomiting, from it. In conclusion, I am prod to acknowledge the patient kindness, skill, and ability exhibited by the medical staff of this division during this arduous campaign, which will, I hope, received its merited reward.

Very respectfully,

WM. GRINSTED,

Surg., U. S. Vols., Surg. in Chief, 3rd Div., 20th Army Corps.

tabular statement of actions, &amp;c., of Third Division, Twentieth Corps, Army of the Cumberland, May to September, 1864.

Name and date	 Condition	 Aggrega	 Condition	 Field

of engagement.	 of the	 te	 of the	 hospital-

 command.	 strengt	 supplies.	 distance

 	 h of	 	 from

 	 the	 	 front.

 	 command

Resaca and	 Excellent;	 6,610	 Sufficient	 One mile;

Cassville, May	 in good	 	 for the	 good water

14 to 17,	 health and	 	 requirement	 and well

1864.	 spirits.	 	 s of the	 sheltered.

 	 	 occasion.

Dallas, May	 Good;	 5,804	 Good; the	 One mile

25, 1864.	 having fine	 	 medical	 and a

 weather and	 	 supply	 half; in a

 roads good.	 	 train	 house and

 	 	 coming up.	 on a

 	 	 	 smooth

 	 	 	 road.

Golgotha, June	 Health	 5,520	 Good;	 One mile;

15, 1864.	 good; roads	 	 having	 well

 heavy,	 	 replenished	 sheltered.

 owing to	 	 .

 continued

 rains.

Peach Tree	 Health	 5,091	 Sufficient.	 One mile

Creek, July	 good; roads	 	 ......	 and a

20, 1864.	 in good	 	 	 half;

 condition.	 	 	 water

 	 	 	 good.

Siege of	 Worn out;	 a4,764;	 Sufficient,	 One mile;

Atlanta, from	 the	 	 with the	 water

July 29, 1864,	 fatigues of	 b5,228	 exception	 good; site

to September	 the	 	 of the want	 dry and

2, 1864.	 campaign	 	 of	 easily

 beginning	 	 vegetables.	 drained.

 to tell.

a August 1. b September 5.

