
Tabulator statement of actions, &amp;c.-Continued.

Casualties.

Name and	 Mode	 Character	 Subsequ	 Anesthet	 Wound	 Deaths

date of	 of	 of the	 ent	 ics.	 ed.	 in

engagemen	 remov	 fire.	 disposi	 	 	 hospit

t.	 al of	 	 tion of	 	 	 al.

 wound	 	 the

 ed.	 	 wounded

Resaca	 Ambul	 Close,	 Remaine	 Chlorofo	 580	 35

and	 ances	 from four	 d a	 rm and

Cassville	 and	 pieces of	 week	 ether.

, May 14	 stret	 artillery	 then

to 17,	 chers	 and	 sent to

1864.	 .	 muskets	 Resaca.

 	 at long

 	 and short

 	 range.

Dallas,	 ..do.	 Artillery	 Sent to	 ...do...	 245	 .....

May 25,	 	 and	 Kingato

1865....	 	 musketry;	 n on

 	 range	 the

 	 unknown.	 29th of

 	 	 May.

Golgotha,	 ..do.	 Artillery	 Sent to	 Chlorofo	 111	 .....

June 15,	 	 and	 Acworth	 rm

1864.	 	 musketry.	 .	 mostly.

Peach	 ..do.	 Musketry	 Sent in	 Chlorofo	 350	 21

Tree	 	 at short	 ambulan	 rm and

Creek,	 	 range.	 ces to	 ether.

July 20,	 	 	 Vining'

1864.	 	 	 s

 	 	 Station

 	 	 .

Siege of	 ..do.	 Artillery	 ...do..	 Chlorofo	 96	 15

Atlanta,	 	 and	 	 rm in

from July	 	 musketry	 	 all

29, 1864,	 	 at long	 	 capital

to	 	 and short	 	 operatio

September	 	 range.	 	 ns and

2, 1864.	 	 	 	 ether.

Numbers 251.

Reports of Brigadier General William T. Ward, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of operations May 13, 19, and 25.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., TWENTIETH CORPS,In the Field, near Dallas, ga., June 2, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders from division headquarters, I sent you a report of operations from the 13th to the 19th of May, 1864, inclusive.

On the 13th my brigade marched from Snake Creek Gap to take position on the left of the Fifteenth Army Corps. The brigade reached the left of said corps about 1 p. m., and was formed in line of battle, the Seventieth Indiana, One hundred and second Illinois, and Seventy-ninth Ohio Volunteers Infantry forming first line, the One hundred and twenty-ninth and One hundred and fifth Illinois forming second line. The brigade remained in this position,near the road leading to Resaca, until I was ordered to advance, which was done, and the brigade formed in battalions en masse in an open field in the rear of General Harrow's command. From this place I was ordered, about dark, to move to the left and relive General King's brigade, of the Fourteenth Army Corps. My brigade relieved General King's, and was placed on the line occupied by his troops, three regiments in the front and two in the rear line. I threw out a strong force of skirmishers in front line and remained in this position (the skirmishers occupying the woods at the foot of the hill on which the first line was formed) until about 10 a. m. on the 14th, when I was ordered to advance my line skirmishers. The line was advanced through an open field, exposed to a destructive fire from the enemy's skirmishers and sharpshooters. During the day the enemy unmasked two guns immediately in front of that part of the first line occupied by the Seventieth Indiana and

