
inson to extend from Knipe's left, along a farm road, on the north edge of the ravine, to connect with Geary and cover the ravine. Ruger's brigade was held in reserve to await the development of the attack. One section of Winegar's battery was placed in the line of First Brigade to sweep the ridge, one section of Woodbury's battery was placed between Knipe's and Robinson's brigades to command the ravine on our left front, and one section of same battery was placed so as to observe the broad ravine on the picket. The other sections were in reserve. Hardly had these dispositions been made before the enemy advanced upon us in great force, driving in our skirmishers with his line of battle, and, under cover of the thickets and undergrowth, coming close upon our lines before being seen. His main attack was along the ridge in the direction of Embry's house, but strong columns were sent down the ravines upon the right and left. That on the right, passing my flank unseen, fell upon the left regiments of Fourteenth Corps. Finding from the enemy's fire that he was moving down the right ravine, I ordered a regiment (Twenty-seventh Indiana Volunteers) from Ruger's brigade to re-enforce Knipe's right. This regiment, with one wing of Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers on Knipe's right, speedily checked and drove back the enemy on this flank, and held the ground until the close of the action. In the left ravine the enemy advanced in stronger force, and, pushing his way down to the lower end, momentarily forced back a brigade of the Second Division. He suffered severely, however, for his temerity. The fire of Robinson's brigade swept across the lower and through the upper portion of the ravine, while the brigade of Second Division, rallying across the lower end, poured volleys through half its length. A section of Woodbury's light 12's, throwing canister, helped much to effectually expel the enemy from this part of the field. In the mean time, Knipe's brigade in the center had heroically withstood and thrown back several repeated assaults. Finding that the enemy's attacks in that direction were persistently continued, after his attempts in the ravines had been much weakened, I directed Ruger to send one wing of One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers and Robinson's two regiments (One hundred and first and Eighty-second Illinois) to re-enforce Knipe's line. No other changes were made. After sunset the enemy withdrew to his intrenched line, leaving a strong post in his rifle-pits at Embry's house and a heavy picket-line, which was, however, withdrawn in the night, with most of his wounded. I cannot too strongly praise the conduct of my division on this occasion. No a regiment was broken or shaken, but without cover and in a fair field a little over two-thirds of my command received and rolled back the repeated assaults of a numerically superior and confident force of the enemy. Prisoners were taken from two different corps. The casualties of the division were-killed, 119; wounded, 458; missing, 3. Among the killed was Colonel W. K. Logie, One hundred and forty-first New York Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel W. H. H. Bown, Sixty-first Ohio Volunteers, and Major Lathrop Baldwin, One hundred and seventh New York, have since died of severe wounds; all excellent and gallant officers. Among the severely wounded were Colonel Silas Colgrove, Twenty-seventh Indiana Volunteers; Colonel S. J. McGroarty, Sixty-first Ohio Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel A. J. McNett, One hundred and forty-first New York Volunteers, and Major C. W. Clanharty, One hundred and forty-first New York Volunteers, most of whom, I fear, will be disabled from

