
One hundred and second Illinois Volunteers. I ordered these regiments to fall back about forty paces and there from, stack arms, and have the men lie down, which done. During the evening of this day the enemy was reported advancing to attack us; they were seen approaching on our right. At this time the "attention " was sounded, and I was on the front ordering Colonel Kennett to cause his regiment to stand to arms and Colonels Smith and Harrison to move their regiments to the top of the hill, their original line. This order was misunderstood, and Smith moved his regiment some 20 paces and Harrison about 75 or 100 beyond said line. This move was made while I was bringing up the rear line to a position better discovered this mistake I ordered Harrison back in a line with Smith's regiment. He asked permission to remain where he was till dark, as he was safer there than he would be in returning to said line. I permitted him to remain there until about dark, when he and Colonel Smith returned to the original line. I sounded the "attention," at the suggestion of yourself, and you went back to report to the general commanding, and these regiments were directed to await further orders when they reached the top of the hill. The loss during the day was 7 enlisted men killed and 1 commissioned officer and 38 men wounded; total casualties, 46. During the night breast-works were thrown up in of the first line. Early on the morning of the 15th I was informed that a part of Johnson's division, Fourteenth Corps, would relive me, and that a staff officer from division headquarters would show me the road we were to march. My brigade was relived, and marched on the route pointed out by Lieutenant Thompson, following Wood's brigade until that brigade was massed on the left of the road some three miles from the point from which the brigade started in the morning. At this point I was ordered to mass my brigade in the rear of Wood's, which was done. After resting here a short time I was ordered to march my troops along the road we had been marching, and to report to the general commanding for orders. I had my troops stated, and galloped to the place I was directed to fine the general, and found him not. On returning I met an orderly with a written order to assault the enemy's works on a hill to be shown me, my attacking column to be formed with a regimental front. When we reached the place where the attack was to be made my column was formed as ordered, and then Captain Oliver took me and showed me the hill and works to be attacked. An intelligent sergeant of the One hundred and second Illinois being present, I sent him to find the colonels and take them to the place where the hill and works could be seen, and went back to move the column about 100 paces by the left flank to place them in a proper position to advance to the attack. When this was done I awaited the order to advance, which was not given until Wood's attack and the firing ceased. when ordered I moved the column forward as rapidly as possible, ordering the double-quick to be taken as soon as the column reached the open field. I followed the second regiment until, looking, I discovered the rear regiments losing distance and obliquing to the left. I ordered them to oblique to the right and move quickly up to their proper position. The third battalion was crowded upon by the fourth and fifth, the last attempting to gain proper places, but none of them obeying the order to oblique to the right to cover the first two battalions.

