
Shot and shell were flying and bursting when my orders were given, but the orders were not repeated, and may not have been heard. About this time these regiments reached a place beyond the road, and all laid down without any order from me. I ordered them to rise up and advance at the double-quick. they obeyed and moved rapidly to the attack to sustain the other regiments. Their progress was much impeded by other soldier, who had laid down in these woods, and had to be run over or driven out of the way-whose men I cannot say, a part of one of the brigades belonging to this division, I suppose. I marched up in rear of the fifth regiment to a point beyond the second line of works, the first, with 4 pieces of artillery, having been taken and occupied by our men. At that point I found 100 or 200 men, fragments of my brigade, outside the lunette taken by us, some 300 or more being in the lunette, the others having retired upon a supposed order from some one in the lunette, and because of the fire of our own upon them from the rear. I had these men formed to charge the second line, and kept those in line firing at the enemy's works, when Colonel Gilbert, with the Nineteenth Michigan, came up on horseback, I directed him to from his regiment with my men we would charge the works. He did all he could to aid me in forming for the charge, as did a lieutenant-colonel belonging to that brigade and many captains of my own brigade and Colonel Coburn's. I desire particularly to name Captain Wilson, of the Seventy-ninth Ohio Infantry. When ready for the attack one of my captains came to me and informed me that my men were in the line of works in my front. I replied, "That cannot be so, but go and reconnoiter and return and report." About this time volley after volley was fired into the line. I ordered the charge, but most of the men fell back. Fifty or seventy-five moved on toward the works, I advancing with them. Some 20 in the original line and in the advance were killed. The other I directed to hide behind trees and crawl on their bellies to the works; that re-enforcements were coming, and honor and safety required them to advance. They obeyed, and we advanced to within fifteen steps of their works. A few more were here killed and I wounded. They insisted on bearing me from the field. I refused to permit them, and moved to the left with the view of falling back a little and having my wound examined. This movement caused heavy volleys to be fired upon these brave and devoted few, and all of them moved down the hill in quick time, laving me to follow, which I did. In the bottom I found Lieutenant Heath, of the One hundred and fifth Illinois, with 80 or 100 men, reforming them. I ordered those with me to join him and return to the works. They started doublequick, and as they were passing the road four cannon loaded with shell let loose upon them, bursting over their heads and dispersing them. In this attack my officers and men behaved well, and all deserve praise, except one or two field officers, now absent from the brigade. My staff all did their full duty in aiding me to keep up the lines. One of my aids, Lieutenant Thomas, was wounded in the assault. The brigade reformed at the roads side eager for a second attack. I sent my aide to ask that my brigade might make the second attack, and was refused, for proper reasons, that permission. That night the brigade occupied the works on the hill built by us and left in the morning by a part of the Fourth Corps. In this movement I lost 64 enlisted men killed, 13 commissioned officers and 308 enlisted men wounded, 1 enlisted man missing. The next day the brigade

