
was detailed to bury the dead and gather up arms, which duty they performed well, and started at sunset and overtook the division at Field's Mill. The next day, the 17th brigade marched and camped on Smith's farm. The 18th we marched about twenty miles and encamped in line of battle on Gravelly Plateau. The 19th we advanced toward Cassville in line of battle, the One hundred and fifth Illinois Infantry in front as skirmishers, the Seventh Indiana and One hundred and second Illinois Infantry in the first line; in the second, the One hundred and twenty-ninth Illinois and Seventy-ninth Ohio Volunteers Infantry. I followed the skirmishing line. So soon as the advance commanded the enemy's skirmishers opened fire upon us, but our skirmishers in the One hundred and fifth Illinois steadily advanced, the regiment preserving a perfect line. Our skirmishers drove the enemy back until the enemy opened a battery upon our skirmishers, and whole line, which was halted and remained under cover of the timber until, order of the general commanding, we moved by the right flank to Price's farm, where we formed to support some artillery, and where we remained for some hours, when we again moved to a wheat field and lines of battle formed in front and rear of the same artillery. From these lines we were moved to support Wood's brigade, and remained in supporting distance of said brigade until ordered into camp near where our lines were formed in the wheat field. In these operations the brigade lost 1 enlisted men killed and 4 wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. WARD,

Brigadier General, Commanding First Brigadier, Third Div., 20th Corps.

Captain JOHN SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,Near Dallas, Ga., May 27, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to an order from the general commanding, I make the following report of the causes that prevented me from attacking the enemy's flank on the 25th:

The order to deploy my brigade into line of battle was given near sunset, my brigade then in line by battalions en masse, with forty-five paces intervals. I immediately ordered deploying intervals to be taken on my fifth battalion. While the battalions were taking intervals and deployed I received an order to take three of my regiments and move them by the right flank until I passed beyond the right flank of all our lines then in my front, and then to move up and to attack the enemy;s flank. My three left regiments being in open woods and the first that formed in line, I told Lieutenant Still to guide me to a point beyond our front lines and I would then attack. He led me and I started at the head of the Seventy-ninth, marching by the right flank, and started Lieutenants Harryman and McKnight to hurry up the other two regiments, the One hundred and twenty-ninth and One hundred and fifth Illinois, on the line with the Seventy-ninth Ohio. Lieutenant Still informed me that you wanted the attack made as quick as possible. To accomplish this I ordered the movements in double-quick time.

