
won. When this advance was ordered, the two regiments in my second line, the Seventieth Indiana and One hundred and fifth Illinois Volunteers Infantry, were obliqued to the left, in order to extend my line and cover that flank, and came up into the first line. My line, through thus extended, was still uncovered on the left, and the enemy for a time were on my flank and rear. Captain Dunlevy reported to me that my left regiment, the Seventieth Indiana, would certainly be cut off if its left was not refused. he said he had suggested this to Captain H. M. Endsley, commanding the left wing of the regiment, but that grizzly old veteran had only stopped to say,"I can't see it," and pushed on for the enemy in his front. This danger was son removed, as I was sure it would be, by the splendid advance of Colonel Coburn's brigade, which, after fighting its way desperately to the top of hill, connected with me on the left. After reaching the crest the line was halted, as a farther advance would have exposed both flanks, but the battle was continued for above two hours, with the enemy on the farther slope, who was endeavoring to reform for another attack. The destructive fire we continued to pour into him finally compelled him to retire, broken and thoroughly whipped, to his rifle-pits, which were observable from this point in the woods beyond. The two regiments on my right, though not engaged at such close quarters as those on the left of the creek, owing to the fact that the marshy bed of the creek, which turned to the west along their front, prevented the enemy from pushing up to close quarters, did quite as good service and suffered rather more severely than those on the left. Their fire, which was chiefly oblique, was delivered with coolness and was very destructive. The One hundred and second Illinois, on the right, poured its fire by a right oblique into the columns of the enemy who were pressing General Geary's front, and aided very essentially in supporting General Geary's battery, which was at one time very near falling into the hands of the enemy. The Seventy-ninth Ohio; next to this regiment on the left, delivered a left oblique fire, which very essentially aided the line on the left of the creek near the mill, at which point the enemy was pressing in heavy force. While the battle was at its height I observed some of the artillery of General Geary's division on my immediate right retiring toward Peach Tree Creek, in the rear of our division, and, inquiring of the officer in charge, was told that the right of the Second Division had been broken, and that he was trying to retire his battery a section at a time. While I was conversing with him the situation was made more apparent to me by a heavy fire of musketry being pored into the field where we stood from the rear. A moment's reflection satisfied me that whatever other portions of the line might do, we must hold our line and fight where we were. The creek (Peach Tree) in our rear at this place, ten feet deep, with very miry bank and bed, had not been bridged, and to attempt to retire across it would have been utter destruction. Concealing the situation (which was rendered more critical by a temporary giving way of Newton's division on our left) from my officers and men we continued the fight, trusting to the brave troops on our right to recover their ground. While this danger was most apparent a staff officer, who is still unknown, but supposed to be from some command on our right, came to Captain Wilson, commanding One hundred and second Illinois, and told him if he did

