
not retire his regiment it would certainly be cut off. The captain very coolly replied that his regiment had been placed there by me and should stay until I ordered it away. As the fire slackened rails were gathered and a temporary breast-work thrown up, which, after night, was strengthened and made secure. At one time during the fight our ammunition began to get low and considerable uneasiness was felt it might be exhausted. I at once dispatched Lieutenant Mitchell, aide-de-camp, to have a supply brought up, while Captain Scott, acting assistant-general inspector-general, and others busied themselves in cutting the cartridge-boxes from the rebel dead within our lines and distributing them to the men. The enemy in my front greatly outnumbered me, three distinct lines of battle being discernible as he advanced, while my brigade from the first fought in a single line. The enemy's dead to the number of 150 were left within our lines and buried by us, while several hundred others were seen upon the open field between the lines, but could not be reached for burial. Among the dead buried were 1 lieutenant-colonel, 2 major, 2 captains, and 3 lieutenants. We took 155 prisoners, as near the number can be arrived at, whom 10 were commissioned officers; 2 stand of colors and 200 stand of small arms were also captured. the loss sustained by my brigade was very slight compared with that of the enemy, owing to the fact, as I believe, that the enemy, having the higher ground, fired too high. The following is a brief summary of my loss: Killed-1 commissioned officer (Lieutenant Lowes, Seventieth Indiana), 31' enlisted men. Wounded-5 commissioned officers, 144 enlisted men. Total, 181.

I desire before closing this report to speak of the bravery and soldierly conduct displayed by the officers and men of my command. The advance was so fierce, steady, and well sustained that nothing could withstand it, and was only equaled by the firmness with which, having gained the ridge, they held it against all the attempts of the enemy to repossess it. Captain Wilson, commanding the one hundred and second Illinois Volunteers Infantry, though unused to regimental command, managed the regiment with marked skill, and deserves special mention. Lieutenant-Colonel Doan, commanding Seventy-ninth Ohio Volunteers Infantry, though quite ill, led his regiment into action, and, with the assistance of Captain Sam. West, a young officer of great merit, handled it with great effectiveness. Of Colonel Case, Major Dutton, and Lieutenant Colonel Merrill, and the other field officers of their respective regiments, I need only say that they bore themselves as they have ever done during the campaign, with conspicuous courage. To the officers of my staff-Captain H. M. Scott, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain Dunlevy, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenants McKnight and Mitchell, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant Merritt, provost-marshal-I must express my thanks for the courage with which they bore my orders on the field amid a storm of shot, and the active intelligence with which they assisted in their execution. The reports of my regimental commanders are sent herewith.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJA. HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

Captain JOHN SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

