HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., M 20TH ARMY CORPS,Chattahoochee Railroad Brigade, September 14, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor, in pursuance of orders received, to submit the following report of the operations and movements of my brigade from the 21st day of july, 1864, to the 2nd instant:

On the 21st of July my brigade rested in the breast-works built the night previous, after the fight of the 20th was ended, save such details as were necessary to bury the rebel dead within our lines. The enemy's works were plainly visible at some points in my front, and a good deal of movement was observed during the day within their lines. There was but little skirmish firing during the day, though some burial parties that were out sent out in front of my works to collect and bury the rebel dead were fired upon by the enemy and compelled to retire. After this exhibition of bad faith, I made no further effort to reach the rebel dead that could be seen between our lines, and many were left when we the next morning unburied, and so remained for several days. On the morning of the 22nd of July the pickets discovered that the enemy had retreated, and orders were son received to follow him. My brigade, having the advance of this division, moved out rapidly on the Buck Head road with two companies of Spencer riflemen as an advance guard, the skirmishers having already moved forward on a line covering our front. The advance was made with rapidity, as the impression prevailed among most of the officers and men that would be able to enter the city of Atlanta without further opposition. After moving about three miles sharp skirmishing commenced on our right, and I at once brought two regiments into line to support the skirmishers and resist any sudden attack that might be made upon us. At this time the enemy's skirmishers were seen in an open field to our right, and not being able to determine whether they were advancing or retiring, and having at this time no connection with other troops either on our right to left, we remained here for a short time to await the appearance of other troops. The brigadier-general commanding the division having in the mean time moved on with the advance guard, I received an other, though Lieutenant Colonel C. W. Asmussen, assistant inspector-general, Twentieth Army Corps, to leave the road upon which we were marching and move obliquely to the right, in a southwesterly direction, to high ridge and take position. Having formed my brigade in two lines, I moved to the point indicated, the Second and Third Brigades following by the flank, and took up position, were I was directed by Colonel Asmussen to remain until I received further orders. In reconnoitering the ground and looking about for the Second Division, with which we were to connect on the right, I found we were far in advance of any other troops, and it was not until I had been some half an hour in this position that the skirmishers of the Second Division moved past me. The enemy's skirmish pits and skirmishers were in sight, and their main line of works not over 1,000 yards distant. While lying in this position, I received several orders from the brigadier-general commanding the division to move my brigade forward, he being some distance in advance with my advance guard, but after submitting to his consideration the orders already received by me, I was left in position, and the Second Brigade was put in position on my left and the Third Brigade on my right, some distance retired. Intrenchments were at once constructed, at first of a frail character, but as the enemy very soon opened upon us with artillery they were

