
active duty in the field. Captain Bennett, assistant topographical engineer, on my staff, was severely wounded in the head during the action.

July 21, the division was engaged in burying our own and the enemy's dead. I regret that no sufficient memoranda were kept by the burying parties to report the latter with accuracy. During the day I had the misfortune to lose a most brave and valuable officer, Captain Edward H. Newcomb, aide-de-camp, who was mortally wounded on the picket-line and fell into the hands of the enemy. July 22, the division moved toward Atlanta along the Pace's Ferry road, preceded by a strong skirmish line. A position was taken within about two miles of the town, connecting on the right with Fourteenth Corps and on the left with Geary's division. On 24th, 25th, 26th, and 27th the lines were straightened and strengthened. July 28, Major-General Hooker having been relieved at his own request from the command of the corps, I assumed temporary command, pursuant to the order of the major-general commanding the Department of the Cumberland, and remained in command until the 28th day of August, when I was relieved by Major-General Slocum, appointed by the President to the command of the corps. Brigadier General J. F. Knipe commanded the division in this interval and will report upon its operations. I shall forward a separate report of the movements of the corps for the month I was in command. August 28, I resumed command of the division, then lying in intrenched lines on the south side of the Chattahoochee, near the railroad crossing. Strong working parties were employed each day in strengthening the lines, and reconnoitering parties were sent forward toward Atlanta every morning without discovering the enemy in force outside the works around the city.

On the night of the 1st of September repeated explosions, followed by what seemed reports of light artillery and heavy guns on the southeast side of Atlanta, aroused our whole camp and attracted the earnest intent of all for at least two hours. September 2, by orders of the major-general commanding the corps, before daylight I ordered a reconnoitering party of three regiments, under Colonel Crane, One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers, to march as soon as practicable toward Atlanta and report upon the condition of affairs. I subsequently ascertained that a portion of Ward's division had entered the city. Knipe's brigade, with one regiment of Boughton's(late Robinson's) brigade, was sent forward, and later in the day the rest of the division, by order of the corps commander, was moved into Atlanta and placed in the rebel works on the northeast portion of the city. On the 3rd four regiments of Boughton's brigade, left to guard the works at Montgomery's Ferry, were moved into town and placed so as to cover the Buck Head, or Peach Tree Creek, road. The pickets of the division are now posted from the Turner's Ferry road to near the railway to Augusta, and guards occupy the outer line of works over the same distance. During this protracted and eventful campaign of four months the casualties of the division have been as follows: Killed, 348; wounded, 1,877; missing, 51; aggregate, 2,276. From these causes, sickness, expiration of term of service, and discharged for disability, the effective force, according to last report, is reduced to 4,535 officers and men. This does not include the two batteries which were detached from my command on arriving in front of Atlanta. One large regiment (the Thirty-first Wisconsin Volun-

