
few days to see him in the city and explain more fully my views as to the best defense of this point, but for the present my time is too much occupied to admit of my leaving.

Very respectfully, yours,

BENJA. HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twentieth Army Corps.

Numbers 253.

Reports of Colonel Franklin C. Smith, One hundred and second Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 102nd ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS, Atlanta, Ga., September 20, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 2nd day of May, in obedience to orders received on the 1st of May, I broke camp at Wauhatchie, struck tents,and moved with the brigade south from Chattanooga, passing through Rossville, and encamped the same evening at Gordon's Mills, Ga. On the morning of the 4th of May my regiment (or six companies of it) was detached to guard the division supply and ordnance train, under my own command. At 6.30 o'clock we moved in the direction of Ringgold. Three companies of my regiment were deployed as flankers on the south side of, and at a distance of 100 yards from, the road,and that evening encamped at Pleasant Grove Church, one mile and a half from Ringgold. On the morning of the 6th of May, at 6 o'clock, moved with the brigade, and encamped for the night at Leet's farm. At 2 o'clock on the morning of the 7th of May received marching orders, and moved with the brigade, crossing Taylors' Ridge and Gordon's Gap at 11 a.m., our advance surprising the outposts of the enemy on the ridge, and again at Gordon's Springs, encamping the same night near Villanow. Here we remained until the 11th of May, when, at 6 a.m., we moved south toward and into Snake Creek Gap, and at 12 o'clock we went into camp,and were soon actively engaged with the brigade in cleaning, widening, and repairing the road through the same, being thus engaged until 12 m. the following day, the 12th. On the 12th, at 1 p.m., moved to the mouth of Snake Creek Gap, where we encamped for the night, and moved on the morning of the 13th.

(See report made May 22, 1864.)

Respectfully submitted.

F. C. SMITH,Colonel 102nd Illinois Infantry.

Colonel D. DUSTIN,

Commanding Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps.

HEADQUARTERS 102nd ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS INFANTRY, Near Cassville, Ga., May 22, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the operations of my command from the 13th to the 19th instant, inclusive:

On the 13th my command was formed in line of battle on the left of the Seventieth Indiana, which was on the immediate left of the

