
Fifteenth Army Corps, and skirmishers were thrown out, who advanced with the skirmishers of the Fifteenth Army Corps, under a scattering fire of shells and musketry. No casualties occurred on this day. After dark, on the 13th my command took position near the center of the line in front of the enemy's works, relieving a portion of the Fourteenth Army Corps. The position of my line was on the crest of a ridge, skirting a flat, cleared field of bottom land some 800 yards in width, through which ran a small muddy creek parallel with my line and about 200 yards distant from the foot of the ridge. The bluff opposite was occupied by the enemy, whose rifle-pits and intrenchments were plainly in view. Brisk skirmishing commenced at daybreak on the 14th (my skirmishers holding a fence at the foot of the ridge),which continued until about 10 a.m., when an order was received to cease firing. At about 11 o'clock an order was received to advance the skirmish line as far as possible, with the view of creating a diversion. I therefore re-enforced the skirmish line with a view of holding the former line,and advanced the front line to or near the creek above mentioned,which line was held during the day. At about 3 p.m. my line of battle was advanced about forty yards over the crest of the ridge, in accordance with orders, which position was maintained until dark, when the command was withdrawn to its original position. My skirmish line was also relieved after dark by detachments of the One hundred and fifth and One hundred and twenty-ninth Illinois Infantry. During the night rifle-pints were constructed on the crest of the ridge fronting my command. The casualties of the day were 3 men killed and 19 wounded, of whom 1 was killed and 3 wounded in the advance of the line of battle; the others on the skirmish line, mostly at the time of the advance across the open field, at which time a murderous fire was opened upon them by concealed sharpshooters in front and on the flanks. I have evidence that the enemy suffered severely from the fire of my skirmishers, especially from the fire of the Spencer rifle. On the morning of the 15th my command was relieved by a portion of the Fourteenth Army Corps and marched to the left of the line of operations, where it was drawn up for an assault upon a formidable position of the enemy, consisting of a battery of four guns supported by a line of breast-works in the rear. My line was formed in rear of the Seventieth Indiana Volunteers, which led the assault, the position being on the northern slope of a hill opposite the enemy's fortifications. The charge was ordered at about 11 a.m.,and my command advanced down the southern slope of the hill upon which it had formed, across the Dalton and Rome road and on over an open field, under a terrible fire until it reached the enemy's battery, and planted its colors upon the rebel works. Members of Company I and Company E of my regiment captured 5 prisoners, including the captain of the battery. A portion of my command also advanced to the second line of works, but owing to some misunderstanding failed to carry it. The battery was held during the remainder of the day,although several attempts were made to recapture it. The casualties of this day were 18 men killed, 76 men wounded, and 1 missing. Six of the wounded have since died. My color bearer was twice shot down, and my regimental banner received fifty shots in its folds and two in the staff. This was the first flag planted upon the fort. The line officers of my command behaved with conspicuous gallantry with scarcely an exception - all advancing to the front with promptness and sharing in the capture

