
and not more than 200 yards distant. At this juncture a member of General Butterfield's staff appeared, who, upon being informed of the situation of affairs, directed me to remain in that position, and, if possible (through the darkness of the night), find Colonel Harrison. I immediately sent my adjutant to the rear for that purpose, who found him about 200 yards in that direction. He having been put temporarily in command of the brigade sent me an order to retire and rejoin the brigade, which I did, and got into position at about 10 p.m. At 2 o'clock on the following morning I was ordered to move my regiment to the right a half mile and relative the Fifth Connecticut. I arrived at that point at 3 o'clock and found the ground occupied by them on the right of the Second Division (General Geary's) and extending to the left of the Second (Colonel Coburn's) Brigade of the Third Division. This regiment had not constructed breast-works or protection of any kind. I therefore immediately commenced to build breast-works, advancing my lines a little and occupying a semicircular ridge, convening toward the enemy. At daybreak the enemy's sharpshooters opened a most galling fire upon my working parties, compelling me to stop work upon the fortifications. I deployed one company of Spencer rifles, under the command of Captain Sedwick (Company E), and ordered him to drive the sharpshooters away from our front, which he performed handsomely, and at 8 a.m. he had driven them behind their works. At 2 o'clock it was reported to me that the enemy bringing forward two pieces of artillery directly in my front. I immediately re-enforced my skirmishers with eight picket sharpshooters, who hastened forward to such positions as to cover the guns sought to be put in position, soon compelling them to abandon their guns and retire beyond musket-range. Twice during the day the enemy endeavored to approach the guns thus left, but failed in each attempt. At 5 p.m. I was directed by General Hooker to take such measures as would prevent the enemy from putting the guns in position or from removing them. In obedience thereto I sent forward at dark twenty sharpshooters, with Spencer rifles, to a rise of ground about seventy-five yards in front of the guns aforesaid, and fifty yards in front of the enemy's breast-works, with instructions to keep a vigilant lookout during the night, and at all hazard to prevent their removal. At 11 o'clock at night some fifty of the enemy collected about them for the purpose of quietly removing the guns beyond range of our guns, when the sharpshooters opened upon them with a rapidity of fire only to be obtained by the Spencer rifle, scattering them like chaff before the wind and leaving the guns in a position where neither party could obtain them, in which position we held them until 3 p.m. of the 27th instant, when we were relieved by a regiment of the Second Division and rejoined our brigade on the right of the corps, and were allowed to rest until dark, when we were ordered into the front line and remained there until the 28th at 9 a.m. when, with the brigade, we were relieved and retired to the rear for rest. Our loss during the four days' operations amounted to 2 killed and 14 wounded. On the night of the 29th of May my regiment, was ordered to move to the right a half mile, for the purpose of closing a gap between the Twentieth and Fifteenth Corps, remaining in that position until the 31st of May, when we were relieved by the One hundred and twenty-ninth Illinois, Colonel Case commanding.

On the 1st day of June I moved with the brigade to the left, and nothing of particular interest occurring until the 15th of June, when

