
at 12 o'clock we received orders to strike tents, and moved at 12.30 with the corps still farther to the left in the direction of Big Shanty. At 2 p.m. the brigade was halted, and I was ordered to deploy my regiment as skirmishers, which order I immediately executed, holding four companies as reserve, and advanced across an open field for 1,200 yards, joining General Knipe's brigade, of First Division, on the left and the Second Brigade (Colonel Coburn's) on the right. After advancing about 1,000 yards, and when within 200 yards of a piece of woods, I received the fire of the enemy's skirmishers, who appeared to be armed with a variety of arms, principally squirrel rifles, but steadily advancing, driving the enemy's skirmishers, I gained a position 100 yards in the woods and I ordered a halt and awaited orders. Here I was informed by General Butterfield's aide-de-camp, Captain Oliver, that the One hundred and fifth Illinois was sent forward and was in proximity in my rear as support. I was also ordered by General Butterfield to advance and feel of the enemy and ascertain his position and the strength of his works. Slowly but steadily my men advanced under a brisk fire of the enemy's skirmishers until I found myself within 100 yards of the enemy's rifle-pits, which, from their construction, was supposed to be a continuous line of breast-works. Yet, undaunted, my men continued to advance, crawling on the ground through the thick undergrowth until we were within fifty yards of the enemy's works, which were discovered to be rifle-pits for skirmishers. This information ascertained,and also learning that the One hundred and fifth was ordered to the right, leaving me no support, I ceased to advance and ordered my men to cease firing and keep under cover, and thus remained until 5 p.m. At this time the firing was resumed and heavy skirmishing in my front caused me to fear that my weak skirmish line would be overwhelmed. I immediately communicated to General Butterfield, not knowing where to find General Ward, brigade commander, as I had received no orders from him after commencing the advance. General Butterfield immediately ordered the One hundred and fifth Illinois to move by the left and take position on the left of my reserve. This movement was discovered by the enemy, who, undoubtedly supposing it to be a preparation for an attack, retired from their rifle-pints, which were immediately taken possession of by my men and by them held until the brigade arrived (about midnight), when we commenced the constructions of breast-works, and at daylight a strong line of defense was completed in our front. At about 1 o'clock on the 16th of June I received a slight flesh wound in the left thigh, while reconnoitering the enemy's position by General Butterfield's request, which disabled me from active duty in the field until the 10th of August, when I again reported for duty. My loss during the two days' operations was 13 wounded,including Captain McManus (Company G) and myself. I beg leave to state that of the operations of my regiment during my absence, I can only speak from the report of my lieutenant-colonel, who was in command during my absence.

On the 20th of June Company B of my regiment was deployed as skirmishers in front of the One hundred and thirty-sixth New York, of the Third Brigade, losing on that day 1 killed and 1 wounded. On the 22nd of June the brigade was ordered forward in support of the Third Brigade; casualties of the day, 3 wounded. On the morning of July 3 my regiment, having the advance of the division, was deployed in line of battle, with two companies as skirmishers, under Captain D. W. Sedwick; was moved forward in the direction of

