
imprudently ventured out too far from the rifle-pits and was shot, receiving a severe wound in the face. The injury was soon avenged, and all remained quiet thereafter. On the 25th of August, at 8 p.m.,my regiment, in common with the remainder of the corps, evacuated the works and moved during the night to the river bridge, a distance of six miles, where the brigade was held in reserve while the First Division posted itself securely on the eminences surrounding, which accomplished, on the 27th, the regiment moved across the river and was posted in rear of the extensive corrals and depots there, my regiment on the left of the Seventieth Indiana, the companies distributed in the following order: Companies B, E, H, and G in stockades (built by the rebels along their line of works), about 200 yards apart; Companies A, F, D, I, and C occupying a line of breast-works crowing a high hill to the right of the railroad, and Company K posted in a stockade 200 yards to the left of Company C and close along the railroad. The regiment remained in this position, doing very heavy picket and fatigue duty, until September 16, when it moved with the brigade (except the One hundred and fifth Illinois) to Atlanta, where, one mile southeast of the court-house, it encamped. Here it is at present, building huts and preparing a comfortable camp.

Respectfully submitted.

F. C. SMITH,

Colonel 102nd Illinois.

Colonel D. DUSTIN,

Commanding Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps.

Numbers 254.

Reports of Colonel Daniel Dustin, One hundred and fifth Illinois Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS 105TH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS, Chattahoochee River, September 21, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command from May 2 to September 2:

The regiment, in connection with the brigade, moved from Wauhatchie, in Lookout Valley, on the 2nd day of May, and encamped for the night at Gordon's Mills. On the 4th marched to Ringgold, and thence to Leet's farm on the 6th. Crossed Taylor's Ridge at Gordon's Gap on the 7th, and encamped near Trickum Post-Office. On the 9th my regiment was ordered to take position four miles west of the brigade encampment, at the cross-roads near Doctor Richards' residence, to guard against the approach of the enemy from that direction, which order was obeyed, but no enemy was seen. Moved forward on the 10th to Snake Creek Gap, where we assisted in building substantial roads through the gap sufficiently wide to admit of the passage of a double train of wagons and a column of troops at one and the same time. On the night of the 12th we had passed Snake Creek Gap and encamped at the head of Sugar Valley. (I here append my report of operations from the 13th to the 20th, marked A.*) The trooops rested near Cassville until the morning of the

---------------

*See p.359.

---------------

