
23d, when they were ordered forward. The Twentieth Corps moved to the right of the railroad, striking the Etowah River near Etowah Bluffs; crossed the river and encamped a short distance beyond. Continued our march on the 24th, and reached Burnt Hickory, where we encamped, taking the precaution to throw up temporary breast-works. Meeting with no opposition thus far, we again took up the line of march on the morning of the 25th in the direction of Dallas. At about 3 o'clock of this day we encountered the enemy's skirmishers, and very soon found him in force near Dallas. Our division was immediately ordered forward. Our first line consisted of the Second and Third Brigades and the second line of the First Brigade. The One hundred and fifth Illinois occupied the left of the second line. The first line was briskly engaged until dark, the second line being in support. The One hundred and fifth was considerably exposed to the enemy's cannon shot and musketry, the casualties amounting to 15, including 3 commissioned officers. We laid on our arms during the night,and from this time to the 1st of June we were busy in advancing our lines, building and strengthening our breast-works,and in a heavy picket, and skirmish firing, our casualties amounting to 16. On the 1st day of June the Twentieth Corps was relieved by other troops and ordered to the extreme left. On the 3rd we took position preparatory for a general engagement, the One hundred and fifth being sent out to guard the left. In the performance of this duty they were seriously shelled by the enemy, and here we lost a most excellent officer, Principal Surg. Horace S. Potter, who was instantly killed by a shell from one of the enemy's long-range guns while he was selecting grounds for a field hospital. No engagement took place at this point, and on the 3rd we moved around and beyond the enemy's right, encamping some three miles from Acworth. Here we remained until the 6th, when we again moved forward, passing to the right and beyond Big Shanty and near Golgotha Church,where the corps took position in line of battle and threw up intrenchments. A heavy rain here set in, which lasted until the 15th, when we advanced beyond Golgotha, and found a strong line of the enemy's skirmishers. The One hundred and fifth was here ordered forward in support of the One hundred and second Illinois, who were deployed as skirmishers. We advanced promptly beyond the church and into the woods, driving the rebel skirmishers, and were soon followed by the other regiments of the brigade in line of battle. This line was crowded forward until the enemy's breast-works were in full view. A brisk fire was kept up until the enemy's skirmishers were driven back to his main works, and our troops ordered to intrench themselves. All were hard at work in the performance of this duty during the night of the 15th and the next day, the work being done under a severe fire. The casualties of the One hundred and fifth for the 15th and 16th were 19. During the afternoon of the 16th heavy cannonading was kept up upon the enemy's works, and early in the morning of the 17th it was found that he had evacuated his position. The advance was again sounded, and we marched on some two miles into a large open field, where our division was formed in two lines and plunged into a thick woods upon the right, sweeping round to the left of the Twenty-third Corps; then,changing direction to the left, we emerged from the woods and massed in the open field before referred to. Here a grand line of battle was formed, the batteries were put in position, and the enemy was shelled from his works in the woods in front. On the 19th the

