
enemy again left his works, and our troops were again ordered forward, taking position in line between the Twenty-third Corps on the right and the Fourth Corps on the left. With heavy skirmish firing our lines were perfected on the 21st, and on the 22nd we moved forward about one mile, driving back the rebel skirmishers and establishing our main line, with substantial breast-works, in close proximity to the enemy's main works. In this day's operations the casualties of the One hundred and fifth amounted to 11. On the night of the 22nd we were relieved from our position and rested in reserve. June 23, the division took position in the main line on the left of the Twenty-third Corps, and connecting with the right of General Geary's division,covering the First Division. At this point our works and those of the enemy's were within close musket-range, and firing was severe. Very little change was made in our lines from this time until the morning of July 3, when it was discovered that the rebels had abandoned their position. We were soon on the march in the direction of Marietta, our brigade taking the advance. We came up with the rear guard of the enemy about one mile from the female seminary. Captain Smith's battery immediately opened fire, which was returned in a most furious manner. The One hundred and fifth, being in close support to the battery, was greatly exposed, but suffered the loss of only 1 man killed and 2 wounded. From this point the Twentieth Corps moved in the direction of the Chattahoochee River, on the right of the railroad,and encamped for the night some four miles from Marietta, in plain view of a portion of the rebel works. Resting here until the afternoon of the 4th, we marched about two miles on the enemy's left flank and again encamped. Again advanced on the 5th and encamped among the hills. On the 6th we were ordered some three miles to the left, and were brought into line, connecting with the right of the First Division and with the left of the Second Division. Here we remained until the 14th,when the command of the regiment was turned over to Major (now Lieutenant-Colonel) Dutton, I having been granted leave of absence on account of sickness in my family. Appended is the report* of Lieutenant-Colonel Dutton to the 4th of August, when I again returned to duty and assumed command. Following this report will be found my own report+ to September 2, with total casualties.

[DANL. DUSTIN,

Colonel 105th Illinois Volunteers.]

Lieutenant GEORGE W. GRUBBS,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 20th Army Corps.

HEADQUARTERS 105TH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS, Near Cassville, Ga., May 20, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the operations against the enemy from the 13th to the 19th instant, inclusive:

My regiment,forming a part of General Ward's brigade, left Snake Creek Gap on the morning of the 13th; moved in the direction of Resaca, our cavalry advance, under General Kilpatrick, driving the enemy before them until nearly opposite the town.

---------------

*See p.363.

+See p.362.

---------------

