
teers, Colonel West), exchanged with Forty-fifth New York Volunteers, sent to Nashville, which reported on 21st of July, has considerably increased the strength of the Third Brigade, to which it is attached.

Before closing this long, but incomplete, report I desire to bear testimony to the valor, constancy, cheerfulness, and general good conduct of the officers and men of my command through all the hardships, exposures, and vicissitudes of one of the most memorable campaigns in the history of wars. For weeks continuously under the artillery and musketry fire of the enemy; for days and nights in succession drenched by excessive rains, and exposed on hard marches to a midday southern sun working on breast-works and in trenches by night, they have borne all with a patience and cheerfulness that creates profound admiration. In the longest marches there have been but few stragglers, and in severest battles no skulkers. Surely such soldiers deserve well of the Republic. My personal thanks are due to the commanders of brigades for the capable and zealous manner in which they have discharged their duties. On 24th of July Colonel James S. Robinson, commanding Third Brigade, was obliged to relinquish his command and ask for leave on account of sickness and the effects of a severe wounded received at Gettysburg. This excellent officer has not been able since to return to the brigade. He was succeeded by Colonel Horace Boughton, One hundred and forty-third New York Volunteers. The zealous, faithful, and capable services of my staff officers deserve especial notice and commendation. There have been with me since the commencement of the campaign, Captain Samuel E. Pittman, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Edward H. Newcomb, Sixty-first Ohio Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp (killed on 21st of July); Lieutenant George Robinson, aide-de-camp; Major James Francis, Second Massachusetts Volunteers Infantry, assistant inspector-general; Captain Samuel A. Bennett, One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers, assistant topographical engineers; Captain M. P. Whitney, division provost-marshal. Captain E. W. Pattison, Second Massachusetts Volunteers, assistant commissary of musters, left the service on 22nd of May by expiration of term, and was succeeded by Captain E. A. Wickes, One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers. All these officers, not only in their respective bureaus, but as acting aides on the marches and battle-field, have rendered valuable services. Surg. C. N. Campbell, One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers, acting surgeon in chief; Captain H. M. Whittelsey, assistant quartermaster; Captain J. C. Ransey, commissary of subsistence, and William J. Augustine, division ordnance officer, have all been zealous and efficient in their respective departments. I appended hereto a tabular statement of the casualties in each brigade and of the artillery during the campaign, and a list of field officers of the division killed and wounded. I have the honor also to forward herewith reports of the brigade and subordinate commanders, with complete lists and dates of the killed and wounded during the campaign. To these reports I respectfully refer for details, and for whatever of special praise is due to the officers of their respective commands.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twentieth Corps.

