
With heavy skirmishing the brigade then advanced, and by dark had driven the rebels beyond Camp Creek, which stream then became the dividing line between the contending forces. The brigade was disposed for the night in two lines of battle, the One hundred and fifth Illinois forming a part of the second line. The same position was maintained until the night of the 14th, when the second line furnished the skirmish pickets for the night under Captain H. D. Brown, my regiment furnishing fifty men. Skirmish firing had nearly ceased by 10 o'clock, but the enemy was overhead during a greater part of the night busily engaged, apparently in strengthening his position. Early on the morning, of the 15th our division was relieved, and General Hooker's entire corps then took position on the extreme right flank of the enemy. Immediately upon arriving at the point designated General Butterfield's division was ordered to charge a strong position of the rebels - a commanding eminence important to us and the key to the rebel works of Resaca. General Ward's brigade having the honor of leading the grand column of attack my battalion formed the fifth line in the column with the exception of one company (B), which, under Captain T. S. Rogers, was deployed as skirmishers, covering the front of the brigade. While the column was moving forward to the charge, the brigade supporting us on the left crowded too far to the right producing some confusion in my left wing and retarding its movements. The same trouble was experienced in the One hundred and twenty-ninth Illinois, which still more impeded my advance. But these obstacles were soon overcome, when the men promptly jumped to their feet, and with a bound went close up under the guns of the fort, while at the same time twelve or fifteen, jumping into the fortifications, assisted materially in capturing the guns and holding them form being retaken by the enemy,one of them being shot dead in the fort. While the line rested for a moment under the works a shower of musketry came upon us from the left and rear, and instantly a command was heard (since learned to have been given by a rebel officer), "We are flanked! March in retreat.!" Supposing the order to have been given by the proper authority, the brigade fell back, with the exception of those officers and men who had got into the fort or were sheltered by it on the outside. My battalion was soon rallied at the foot of the hill, and the brigade was again ready and anxious to join in another charge,had it been necessary. Indeed detachments of offices and men joined with the Third Brigade and charged a second time before returning to the regiment. It is with great pleasure that I can speak in the highest terms of praise of the good conduct of my officers and men in the fearful contest of the day. At a time when so terrible a shower of musketry, grape, and canister was being poured down upon us from the rebel forts and rifle-pits, the coolness and bravery of the officers in repeating commands, correcting imperfections in the line, and pressing it forward was observed by me with great pride and satisfaction, and was only equaled by the manner in which the men overcame all obstacles, obeyed promptly all orders, and at last gallantly threw themselves high up into and under the rebel fortifications. The brigade stood at arms during most of the night of the 15th, prepared to resist a night attack. This attack as anticipated, was made, but successfully repulsed, and the rebels compelled to abandon their works and beat a precipitate retreat.

