
On the morning of the 16th the army commenced moving on the enemy's retreating columns, but our brigade was left behind to gather up the wounded and bury the dead of both sides,also, to collect the arms and munitions of war left on the ground by the enemy in his hasty retreat, in all of which work my battalion performed its full share of duty. Some 500 rebel small-arms were collected by the men of my command, and left in the ordnance train. Our work being completed,and sixty men having been detailed from the One hundred and fifth to assist, for the lack of horses, in dragging the four captured guns to Resaca, the brigade, at 6 p.m., took up the line of march to join the main column, coming up with the division at midnight at Field's Mill, on the Coosawattee River. On the 17th we marched without particular incident from Field's Mill to Calhoun. On the 18th we moved to within four miles of Cassville, on the Adairsville and Cassville road, the advance of our division driving the rebel rear guard before them for the distance of five miles. On the morning of the 19th General Ward's brigade being ordered to move forward on the Cassville road without support, my regiment was ordered to take the advance. Companies H and I were deployed as skirmishers, under Captain J. S. Forsyth, with flankers upon the right. One company, under Captain M. V. Allen, was left to guard the division ammunition train, and the balance of the regiment constituted the support to the skirmish line. Thus formed,the column moved forward, and the enemy's rear guard was soon encountered, who immediately opened fire. This was promptly returned, and by a constant skirmish fire they were steadily driven back beyond Two Run Creek, and to within one mile and a half of Cassville. At this point was developed a large force of rebel cavalry,and our column was ordered to halt. Very soon a rebel battery was opened, from which we were under a severe fire for about two hours. We were then ordered to withdraw from this point and take position farther to the right, between Cassville and Kingston, connecting with the left of Wood's brigade. This movement seems to have been dictated by the heavy massing of rebels in General Hooker's immediate front, with an attempt to break through our lines at this point. The emergency, however, was promptly met, first, by massing artillery, which opened with deadly effect, scattering the enemy in all directions, and, second by one grand advance of General Hooker's corps, before, which the rebels recoiled and fell back. The grand column moved on through large open fields in sublime order, crossing Two-Run Creek, and then ascending a thickly wooded hill. On reaching the top of the hill the artillery again opened in splendid order, and thus the region of Kingston and Cassville was effectually cleared of rebel soldiery, and the day's work for the 19th was closed.

The following is a list of the casualties in my regiment during the period embraced by this report: On the 15th - Lieutenant Colonel H. F. Vallette, stunned by the bursting of shell; Lieutenant William R. Thomas, Company A, acting assistant adjutant-general to Brigadier-General Ward, hand, slightly; Lieutenant William M. Tirtlot, in thigh,severely; Lieutenant John M. Smith, in side, severely; Captain William O. Locke, in thigh, severely; total commissioned officers, 5. Number of enlisted men - killed, 4; mortally wounded,3; wounded, 35; missing, 1. Total enlisted men, 43; commissioned officers,5; aggregate, 48. On the 19th - enlisted men wounded, &amp;., 2. Total casualties on

