
Again recommending the officers and men of my command to your favorable notice for their meritorious conduct during the engagements spoken of, I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. DUSTIN,

Colonel, Commanding 105th Illinois Infantry.

Lieutenant W. R. THOMAS,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 20th Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS 105TH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS, Chattahoochee Railroad Bridge, September 15, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by my command during the operations before Atlanta from July 20 to September 2:

The regiment, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Dutton, was busy on the 21st, assisting in burying our own and the enemy's dead left on the battle-field of Peach Tree Creek in the engagement of the 20th, also in collecting and turning over ordnance stores and other Government property. On the 22nd we moved forward with the brigade under the general impression that seemed to prevail that we could march into Atlanta without opposition, but on advancing about three miles we found the enemy in force within his defenses around the city. We immediately threw up intrenchments and remained in this position, with more or less of artillery and skirmish firing, until the 26th, when our division was withdrawn from the main line and placed in reserve. On the 28th we were ordered farther to the right to support movements being made in that direction, but after moving about two miles were ordered back to the position last occupied. On the 29th we were moved some six miles to the extreme right and placed in support of a division of the Fourteenth Corps,and protecting the right flank fronting the Montgomery railroad. Here we were continually strengthening our position until the 2nd of August, when we were relieved and ordered to the left. On the morning of the 3rd we relieved a portion of the Fourteenth Corps in the front line of works. Our position in this line was on the left of our brigade, our left flank resting on the Chattanooga railroad. On returning from leave of absence on the 4th, I assumed command of the battalion. During the month of August we were busily engaged in making our defenses strong and shell proof, in ditching, erecting abatis, &amp;c. We also assisted in building substantial fortifications in front of the center of the battalion, and occupied by portion of Captain Gary's and Smith's batteries. We also furnished large details for building breast-works for the benefit of the Third Brigade of our division, and in advance of the old line. Our skirmish line was in such close proximity to the enemy it became necessary to expend much labor in building defense for the better security of our pickets and skirmishes. The enemy seemed very jealous of our operations at this point, and for the weeks a heavy and almost incessant skirmish fire was kept up with occasional furious shelling. Frequent efforts were made with the rebel skirmishers to stop this firing, but of no avail. They were accustomed to take shelter in certain houses situated in our front and near their own lines, which gave them great advantage in firing upon our men. On the night of the 18th two men from the One hundred and fifth,

