
armed with combustible material, stole cautiously out to the buildings, set three of them on fire, and burned them up. The next day picket-firing was amicably adjusted, after which everything was quiet. My regiment suffered severely while occupying this position, the casualties in three weeks amounting to 21, of which number 8 were killed, including 1 worthy young officer, Lieutenant Augustus H. Fischer, Company I. On the night of the 25th we were ordered to move from our position to the Chattahoochee River. Our brigade arrived at the railroad bridge at daybreak on the morning of the 26th; were held in reserve to the First Division until the evening of the 27th, when we took position on the north side of the river. Here we remained doing picket and guard duty until September 2, when we received news that Atlanta had been evacuated and that the city had been surrendered to Brigadier-General Ward and was in possession of our troops. In conclusion, it is with great pleasure that I am able to command to your favorable consideration the excellent conduct of my officers and men during this long and tedious campaign of Atlanta.

Respectfully submitted.

DANL. DUSTIN,

Colonel 105th Illinois Volunteers.

Lieutenant GEORGE W. GRUBBS,

A. A. A. G.,1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 20th Army Corps.

The casualties of the One hundred and fifth Illinois during the entire campaign are as follows: Killed, 2 commissioned officers and 41 men; wounded, 12 commissioned officers and 103 men; missing, 2 men; total, 160.

Numbers 255.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Everell F. Dutton, One hundred and fifth Illinois Infantry, of operations July 14 - August 4.

HDQRS.105TH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Chattahoochee River, Ga., August 5, 1864.

I have the honor to forward herewith the report of part taken by the One hundred and fifth Illinois Volunteer Infantry during the campaign of Atlanta from July 14 to August 4, 1864.

On August 14 we were in position on the north side of the Chattahoochee River, the same we had taken up on the 6th, where we remained until the 17th,when orders were received to move to the left,for the purpose of crossing the river at Pace's Ferry. It was late when the brigade bivouacked near Nancy's Creek, about three miles on the south side of the Chattahoochee River,and soon after my regiment was ordered out on picket, where we remained until the afternoon of the 18th, when we moved forward in a southerly direction about five miles, where we camped and remained until the 20th, when we marched over Peach Tree Creek near Howell's Mill, and there encountered the enemy's pickets, and where we formed in line of battle, the One hundred and second Illinois, Seventy-ninth Ohio, and One hundred and twenty-ninth Illinois forming the first line, connecting with the Second Brigade on the left. The Seventeenth Indiana and my battalion formed the second, which rested in the opened filed some 200 yards in rear of the left of first line. Between the hours of 2 and 3 p.m. I noticed the pickets on the crest of a hill in our front were firing very rapidly, and at the same time received

