
orders to advance, as the enemy were coming upon us in strong force. My battalion was quickly formed and advanced in good order to the crest of a small hill, where we were ordered to halt. The Second Brigade having moved in an oblique direction to the left and the front line of the First Brigade a little to the right, uncovering the greater portion of my front, and seeing the enemy in great numbers coming rapidly down the slope of the second hill upon us, that portion of my battalion thus uncovered commenced firing upon them, which, together with the good order of the advance immediately made by my battalion, assisted materially in repelling the charge of the enemy, and driving them back over the hill, the crest of which we gained at about the same time as the first line, and together with them poured several volleys into the disordered ranks of the enemy as they retreated down the other slope of the hill, leaving their dead, wounded, and several prisoners in our hands. The firing was kept up until dark, when the greater portion of my battalion commenced throwing up breast-works, which they worked until nearly morning. Among the trophies captured by my command was one set of colors, said by rebel wounded to belong to the Twelfth Louisiana Infantry. It is with great pleasure and pride that I can testify to the courage and gallantry of my officers and men during the entire engagement. When the rebels were pouring down upon us in such great numbers, meeting us at the very bottom of the hill, the coolness and bravery of both officers and men as they pressed forward, driving the enemy back up the slope and over the hill, and pouring volley after volley into their disordered and retreating ranks, was observed with great satisfaction by me. The 21st was occupied in burying our own and the enemy's dead left on the field, and in collecting and turning over ordnance and other Government property. Lieutenant Scott, of Company B, with a detail from my regiment, buried 43 rebels dead in front and rear of my battalion. On the 22nd we moved forward with the brigade, under the general impression that seemed to prevail that we could march into Atlanta without opposition, but on advancing about three miles we found the enemy in force within his defenses around the city. We immediately threw up intrenchments and remained in this position with more or less artillery and skirmish firing until the 26th, when our division was withdrawn from the front line, and placed in reserve. On the 28th we were ordered farther to the right to support movements being made in that direction, but after moving about two miles were ordered back to the position last occupied. On the 29th, we were moved some six miles to the extreme right and placed to support a division of the Fourteenth Corps and protecting the flank fronting the Montgomery railroad. Here we were continually strengthening our position until the 2nd of August, when we were relieved and ordered to the left. On the morning of the 3rd we relieved a portion of the Fourteenth Corps in the front line of works; our position in this line was on the left of our brigade, our left flank resting on the Chattanooga railroad. On the 4th Colonel Dustin returned from his leave of absence and assumed command of the regiment.

Respectfully submitted.

E. F. DUTTON,

Lieutenant Colonel 105th Illinois Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant J. L. MITCHELL,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 3rd div., 20th Army Corps.

