
Numbers 256.

Report of Colonel Henry Case, One hundred and twenty-ninth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. 129TH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Savannah, Ga., December 29, 1864.

Lieutenant A. H. TREGO,A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 20th Army Corps:

In compliance with orders from your headquarters, I hereby and you copy of my report of the operations of this regiment in the Atlanta Campaign.

H. CASE.

HDQRS.129TH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Atlanta, Ga., September 22, 1864.

In accordance with an order first received by me yesterday afternoon requiring me to make report of the movements and operations of this regiments from the 2nd of May last up to date, I hereby submit the following hasty and imperfect report:

This regiment, with the brigade,left Wauhatchie, Tenn., on the 2nd of May last to advance upon the enemy. Moving by way of Nickajack Trace and Snake Creek Gap, we arrived before Resaca, Ga., on the 13th of May. As during this march we did not find ourselves in the vicinity of the enemy until the last date,and as nothing of interest occurred, I pass it without remark. On the afternoon of the 13th instant the brigade was deployed into line of battle, and we advanced toward the enemy, but did not immediately confront him,and at night we were assigned our position on the right of and connecting with the Fourteenth Corps, which position we held until the morning of the 15th. During the 14th we were continually in line of battle, our brigade being formed in two limes, and the One hundred and twenty-ninth being on the right,of the second line. The brigade slightly advanced in the morning of the 14th from the position held the night before. My regiment was not under fire on the 14th, though a sudden and rapid fire, by way of a demonstration, was opened on our front. Early on the morning of the 15th the brigade was relieved, and the entire division moved from their position (the center) to the extreme left of the line of battle. While on the march I was notified that our brigade was ordered to charge and carry at the point of the bayonet the fort and rifle-pints of the enemy, supported by the Second and Third Brigades of the Third Division. We arrived at and were placed in our position for assault about 11 a.m. As preparatory to the assault, the brigade was formed in column of regiment with regimental front at forty-four paces interval, in direct order as follows: First, Seventieth Indiana; second, One hundred and second Illinois; third, Seventy-ninth Ohio; fourth, One hundred and twenty-ninth Illinois; fifth, One hundred and fifth Illinois. The enemy opened upon the column with shell from four guns as it emerged in sight,at a distance of about 800 yards from the fort. The column then immediately entered a dense thicket of very small cedar, and as it ascended a small hill about 400 yards from the fort it met the withering fire of a whole brigade of rebel troops behind the breast-works or rifle-pits flanking the fort. Then the whole column began

