
We remained on this line of works until June 1, when we again took up the line of march toward the left and went into camp in front of Pine Mountain June 6, where we remained till June 15, when we advanced again our lines; came up with the enemy in the afternoon strongly intrenched behind formidable earth-works and well covered by artillery, upon whom our brigade immediately advanced under a very heavy fire of artillery and musketry. After approaching within 150 yards of the enemy's works the line of battle was halted, and afterward (the same night) this brigade was relieved by the Second Brigade, and the One hundred and twenty-ninth was thrown, with the other regiments, farther to the left. In this advance the One hundred and twenty-ninth lost 2 killed and 1 officer and 14 men wounded. The enemy evacuated their works on the night of the 16th,and this brigade followed in the morning of the 17th and encamped that night before Kenesaw. Broke camp on the morning of the 19th; advanced against the enemy southeast of Kenesaw, and encountered their skirmishers in the afternoon, the One hundred and twenty-ninth losing 3 wounded; intrenched that night. Moved forward again about two miles, a portion of the time under fire, on the 22d, losing 6 men wounded, and on the 23rd went into camp, our brigade forming on the right and partially in front of the First Division, Twentieth Army Corps, the army again on the right, having confronted the enemy strongly and formidably intrenched behind almost impassable fortifications; before these works the One hundred and twenty-ninth lost 2 wounded. The enemy evacuated these works on the night of the 2nd of July, and on the 3rd the army again moved forward, encountering and receiving a heavy fire from a battery of the enemy in a most advantageous position, the One hundred and twenty-ninth sustaining a loss of 1 killed from its fire. On this day the One hundred and twenty-ninth advanced into Marietta as skirmishers, but finding the city entirely abandoned by the enemy I retraced my steps and joined the main column; thence we moved by easy stages until July 6, when we went into camp a short distance from the right bank of the Chattahoochee River; while lying there I lost 1 killed and 1 wounded on the skirmish line July 10 and 11. We crossed the Chattahoochee on the 17th, and moved against the enemy on the 20th in line of battle, whom we that day encountered in deadly conflict. But as I have already submitted my report of the operations of that day, I will here insert the same as a part of this report, to-wit:

HEADQUARTERS 129TH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Near Atlanta, Ga., July 30, 1864.

In obedience to an order requiring me to report the part taken by the One hundred and twenty-ninth Illinois Volunteers in the engagement of the 20th instant, I have the honor to submit the following:

Just before the enemy's advance had struck the line of our skirmishers immediately in our front our brigade had formed in two lines, the One hundred and twenty-ninth being on the left of the front line, and connecting with the right of the front line of the Second Brigade, Third Division. As soon as notice was given that the enemy were advancing, our brigade sprang to arms, and was immediately ordered by the colonel commanding to advance to the crest of a small hill immediately in our front. I had scarcely reached the top of the hill and halted my regiment,when I was again ordered by the brigade commander to move forward, and as there was another hill much higher immediately in our front, I supposed the object was to gain the crest before the rebels, and therefore urged the regiment forward as fast as possible. The ascent in front of the regiment was quite steep. After we had crossed the creek (the right wing crossing it twice),and after we had moved about

