
I also here embody report heretofore submitted, covering from July 20 to September 12, to wit:
HDQRS.129TH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Chattahoochee River, Ga., September 12, 1864.

In accordance with the circular of this date, calling for a report of the operations of this regiment since the 20th of July last, I have the honor to submit the following report:

On the 22nd of July this regiment moved from the battle-ground of the 20th up to within distance of the enemy's trenches on the north side of Atlanta. The regiment remained at this point until the 29th of July, when it moved with the brigade to the extreme right of the army, for the purpose of protecting its right flank; thence it returned on the 2nd of August and relieved a portion of the Fourteenth Corps near the railroad running north from Atlanta, where we remained until August 26. At this point the regiment was constantly under fire from the sharpshooters and pickets of the enemy, and during the time we remained there the regiment loss 2 killed and 2 wounded. On the night of August 26 the regiment and brigade moved to a point near the railroad bridge on the south side of the Chattahoochee River, thence, August 27, we moved across the river and occupied the rebel works on the north side, where we now remain.

Respectfully submitted.

H. CASE,Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant JAMES L. MITCHELL,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, Third Div., 20th Army Corps.

We recrossed the Chattahoochee on the 16th of September, and went into camp near the line of rebel breast-works, about two miles southeast of the city [Atlanta], where we now remain. In this campaign we have marched 35 days and 220 miles.

Our loss was as follows: Men killed in action, 29; did from wounds received,8; total, 37. Officers wounded,5; men wounded, 135; total, 139. Total loss in action, 176.

Respectfully submitted.

H. CASE,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant G. W. GRUBS,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 257.

Report of Colonel Benjamin Harrison, Seventieth Indiana Infantry, of operations May 13-19.

HDQRS. SEVENTIETH INDIANA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, In the Field,near Cassville, Ga., May 20, 1864.

GENERAL: In obedience to your orders, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the operations of our forces from the 13th to the 19th,inclusive:

On the 13th instant I moved out about four miles from Snake Creek Gap,having the advance of the brigade, and under orders from you formed line of battle on the Resaca road and moved up to the crest of a ridge connecting on the right with the forces under the command of General McPherson,and having on my left one regiment of our brigade (One hundred and second Illinois Volunteer Infantry), which, with my regiment, constituted our front line and was placed by you under my command. Skirmishers were thrown

24 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT II

