
supposed assault - killed, enlisted men, 2; wounded, enlisted men, 10; wounded, Lieutenant Martin, Company I, slightly in the leg. During the night of Saturday,the 14th instant, under orders, I constructed,with the assistance of Lieutenant Gilchrist and the brigade pioneers,a line of rifle-pits along the front of my line, and had moved in at daylight four companies to occupy them as sharpshooters and with the enemy, when we were suddenly relieved by another brigade and marched around to a new position on the left of the Fourteenth Army Corps. In our new position we were informed that tour brigade, supported by the order brigades of our division, was expected to assault the enemy's rifle-pits, and without delay our brigade was formed in column of battalions in order of rank. My regiment leading, passed from the crest of an intrenched ridge, occupied by our forces,across an open field in the valley and up a steep and thickly wooded hill to the assault of the enemy's breast-works,whose strength, and even exact location, was only revealed by the line of fire which, with fearful destructiveness, was belched upon our advancing column. I moved my men at the double-quick and, with could cheers, across the open space in the valley in order sooner to escape the enfilading fire from the enemy's rifle-pits on our right and to gain the cover of the woods, with which the side of the hill against which our assault was directed was thickly covered. The men moved on with perfect steadiness and without any sign of faltering up the hillside and to the very muzzles of the enemy's artillery, which continued to belch their deadly charges of grape and canister, until the gunners were struck at their guns. Having gained the outer face of the embrasures, in which the enemy had four 12-pounder Napoleon guns, my line halted for a moment to take breath. Seeing that the infantry supports had deserted the artillery, I cheered the men forward, and with a wild yell they entered the embrasures, striking down and bayoneting the rebel gunners, many of whom defiantly stood by their guns till struck down. Within this outer fortification, in which the artillery was placed,there was a strong line of breast-works, which was concealed from our view by a thick pine undergrowth, save at one point, which had been used as a gateway. This line was held by a rebel division of veteran troops, said to be Hood's command. When we first entered the embrasures of the outer works the enemy fled in considerable confusion form the inner one,and had there been a supporting line brought up in good order at this juncture the second line might have easily been carried and held. My line having borne the burnt of the assault, it was not to be expected that it could be reformed for a second assault in time. The enemy in a moment rallied in rear of their second line, and poured in a most destructive fire upon us, which compelled us to retire, outside the first line to obtain the cover of the works. At this point some confusion was created among our forces in and about the enemy's works (several of our battalions in rear of me having come up) by a cry that the enemy was flanking us. This caused many to retire down the hill, and had for a time the appearance of a general retreat. I stove in vain to rally my men under the enemy's fire on the hillside, and finally followed them to a partially sheltered place behind a ridge to our left, where I was engaged in separating my men from those of other regiments and reforming them preparatory to leading them again to the support of those who still held the guns we had captured, when I was informed that General Ward was wounded,

