
On July 22 the Twentieth Corps moved in the direction of Atlanta till our advance was repulsed by the shot and shell from the enemy's forts around the city. Our brigade (First) took a position on the north of the city and built breast-works midst the bursting shells of the enemy's artillery; participated in some warm skirmishing,and after a few days advanced some 200 yards and built a second line of works. On the 28th our brigade was ordered to the right to support the Fifteenth Corps, where they remained for one week and then returned to Atlanta and went into the works west of the Chattanooga railroad. The brigade advanced and built two new and very strong lines of works, with more or less casualties every day till the 25th day of August, when the Twentieth Corps was ordered to fall back and the Seventieth took a position on the north side of the Chattahoochee, where out regiment was employed in picket duty and fatigue in unloading and storing commissaries, ammunition, &amp;c., till the 16th day of September; marched into Atlanta and went into camp on the south side of the city.

Respectfully submitted.

Z. S. RAGAN,

Major, Commanding Seventieth Indiana Volunteer Infantry.

Numbers 260.

Report of Captain Samuel A. West, Seventy-ninth Ohio Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS SEVENTY-NINTH OHIO INFANTRY, Near Atlanta, Ga., September 22, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Seventy-ninth Regiment Ohio Infantry Volunteers in the operations of the army from the inception of the campaign, which had for its object the possession and occupation of the city of Atlanta, Ga.,to its conclusion, which has just been so triumphantly crowned with success. In the absence of any recorded facts of these operations, it will a somewhat difficult matter to prepare at this time a report perfectly satisfactory to ourselves or to you. We shall endeavor, however, to meet the demands of the order in as good a manner as possible under the circumstances:

The regiment, under command of Colonel Henry G. Kennett, broke camp at Wauhatchie, Tenn., on the morning of the 2nd of May, at 6 o'clock, in good condition and fine spirits,marching on that day a distance of seventeen miles, to Lee and Gordon's Mills. As it is not deemed essentially necessary to consume space by giving a particular account of each day's operations relating to this command, we shall confine ourselves to those only which are esteemed of especial importance; consequently shall pass over the period from the 3rd to the 13th, inclusive, with the simple remark that nothing of unusual moment occurred in our own experience, though fighting commenced in some of the other divisions of the army as early as the 5th. The night of the 13th found us in position on a ridge at a point near where the main wagon road crosses the railroad leading from Dalton south,and to the right of the Fourteenth Corps. Remained in the same position all the succeeding day,skirmishing to some extent

