
the whole time. On our left the battle was raging fiercely, but did no envelop us. The following morning the Second Division, Fourteenth Corps, relieved us,and we were shifted around to the left of the Fourteenth and Twenty-third Corps. When we reached a certain point in the road we were formed, in conjunction with the other regiments of the brigade, in column by battalion, and ordered to assault the enemy's works, which consisted of a fort of four field pieces (the key to their position), strongly supported by infantry well protected by formidable earth-works. Our brigade had the advance of the storming column, the several regiments composing it being disposed as follows: The Seventieth Indiana first in order; then followed the One hundred and second Illinois, Seventy-ninth Ohio, One hundred and twenty-ninth and One hundred and fifth Illinois. We advanced in moderately fair order, the thick undergrowth of pines preventing, however, to a considerable extent, the preservation of a compact and uniform line. The fort, together with the pieces it contained, was taken. Our loss in the assault reached 7 killed and 50 wounded. A portion of the regiment remained on the hill near the fort until relieved at about 9 o'clock at night. We bivouacked till morning in proximity to the front line held by our army. During the night the enemy evacuated the rest of their works, leaving the Union forces in ample possession of the position. The following days was principally occupied in performing the solemn rites of burial to the slain in their country's cause. At 6 p.m. of the 16th we again commenced a forward movement, passing as we advanced the Coosa [wattee] and Oostenaula River, striking the enemy's rear guard on the night of the 18th. On the morning of the 19th continued our march for about a mile, when we came upon his skirmishers. Promptly forming in line of battle, we advanced cautiously another mile and halted, when we were admonished by a few shells dropping near that the enemy was in the vicinity. Upon a careful investigation as to the posture of affairs, it became evident that he was in our immediate front in full force, rendering our situation rather hazardous. By a dexterous movement of Major-General Butterfield, commanding, we turned off to the right in order to be in nearer supporting distance of the residue of the corps. At about 4 p.m. the other two divisions came up and we all boldly advanced together by a number of beautifully executed maneuvers across an open field into a dense wood, pressing the enemy closely through the town of Cassville. Failing to force an engagement, we gave up the pursuit at dark and moved back about a mile, where we went into camp. On the 23rd resumed the march,crossed the Etowah, and reached Burnt Hickory the following day, where earthworks were thrown up. Moved out about 7 a.m. of the 25th, advancing leisurely until noon, when word arrived that one division of our corps had found the enemy in strong force and was then engaging him. This had the effect of increasing our rate of travel until we came into the immediate neighborhood of the enemy, formed in order of battle in the second line, the brigade being on the extreme right. Advanced thus under a heavy fire of shell and solid shot to within a hundred yards of the enemy, who was ensconced behind earth-works. Here the regiment became isolated from the brigade, having moved too far to the right, and marched forward in line, past our own skirmishers across an open field to a fence in the edge of a wood, changed direction to the left, advanced again, halted, then withdrew from the front line by the left flank,

