
rejoining the rest of the brigade, and bivouacked for the night. The operations of the army around Dallas continued until on or about the 4th of June. There were several engagements on the right and left, but we did not get into any action, our part of the programme being simply to hold our position, which underwent a number of changes which it will not be necessary here particularly to notice. On the 14th of June the enemy was discovered to have evacuated his position. Pursuit was promptly inaugurated on the part of our forces, and the 6th brought us to a point about two and a half miles from Acworth, where the threw up a line of works and remained until the 15th. On the 15th advanced in the neighborhood of two miles, formed in order of battle, and moved upon the enemy, driving in his pickets and closing up to within 100 yards of his main line of works, and held the position until 10 p.m., when we were relieved and transferred to another part of the line farther to the left. Our loss here was 1 commissioned officer and 15 enlisted men wounded. On the 17th the enemy again executed one of his grand movements to the rear a maneuver which seemed to be a distinguishing feature in his military tactics, obviously occasioned, however, by the able and superior generalship which has continually displayed itself through out the campaign and formed its chief characteristic. The enemy continued his retreat and we our pursuit. On the 22nd we supported a battery, having 1 man killed. From this to the 3rd of July, at which date the enemy made good retreat, leaving us in possession of the town of Marietta, was occupied in operations around Kenesaw Mountain, the regiment furnishing daily its proportion of the pickets. It did not become actually engaged, but suffered some loss in skirmishes to about 12 miles in number wounded. From the 3rd to the 17th was principally consumed in maneuvering for position and in getting the enemy across the Chattahoochee. At 3 p.m. on the 17th crossed the Chattahoochee, advancing toward Atlanta, the goal for which we set out, and at about 11 a.m. on the 20th reached and crossed Peach Tree Creek. Formed in column by division, and rested in a corn-field under cover of a hill, occupied by a portion of the Fourth Corps. Moved by the flank upon this point, under a heavy skirmish fire from the enemy, down Peach Tree Creek about half a mile, and near Howell's Mill. Here we again rested in line of battle until about 3.30 p.m., when we were suddenly aroused by the enemy advancing upon us immediately in front, and in two and four lines. The order "forward" was given and promptly put into execution. We gained the crest of the hill, at the foot of which we had been lying, meeting the enemy in two and three lines, repulsing him with terrible slaughter. During the battle the regiment built a strong line of works, completing them by dark, and resting behind them for the night. The 21st was employed in burying our dead. Our loss was 10 killed and 48 wounded. This was the first open field fight the enemy had given us from the beginning of the campaign. On the 22d, the enemy having evacuated their position in our front, we resumed our advance upon the city, which was continued until we reached a point about two miles distant, where we city. We continued near the city until the 25th of August, when we were relieved from the position in the immediate vicinity of the rebel stronghold and put across the Chattahoochee. Were there encamped, when, on the 2nd of September,the joyful intelligence

