
during the day. May 15, the brigade moved in the morning with the division to the left some two miles, passing the Fourteenth Fourth,and Twenty-third Corps, and here, having halted, received an order to advance in rear of the right of the First Brigade, in echelon in two lines, and in their support as an assaulting column on the works of the enemy. On coming to the position where this formation was to be made; it was found to be impracticable on account of the location of a part of the Fourth Corps on our right. The brigade was then formed in close column of battalions immediately in rear of the First Brigade. Soon after this order was changed and the brigade directed to be formed in two lines in the rear of the First Brigade, which was being done, but before the completion of the deployment orders were given to advance at once and as rapidly as possible to support the First Brigade, which was making an advance upon the enemy's works. The brigade was moved forward at once in the following order: First line, Eighty-fifth Indiana, Colonel Baird, on the right; Nineteenth Michigan, Colonel Gilbert, on the left. Second line, Twentieth Connecticut, Colonel Ross, on the right; Twenty-second Wisconsin, Colonel Utley on the left. Third line, Thirty-third Indiana, Major Miller, in rear of the Twenty-second Wisconsin. The brigade was thus formed in a narrow ravine very thickly wooded with low and bushy trees, with steep hill-sides, and out of view of the enemy and their works. The advance was difficult up this steep ascent. At the time of receiving this order to advance, and throughout the movement up the hill, the Second Division of the Twentieth Corps was moving by the left flank in from six to eight lines from right to left through my brigade, breaking an intercepting the lines, and preventing any regimental commander from seeing his own troops, or the possibility, for the time,of managing them. The brigade, notwithstanding, moved forward over the hill and onward, carrying some men of the Second Division with them, and losing others of its own men, who were swept with the heavier current to the left. The summit of the hill is covered with woods, but the slope beyond and the valley are cleared in front of a portion of the rebel works, which were situated on the hills beyond, and which here presented opposite our right a salient angle receding with a long sweep sharply to our left. The brigade advanced,a portion across the field to the works and the left along the woods to its left. This was done under a tremendous fire of artillery and musketry, which killed and wounded many of our men, but they bravely advanced and planted the colors of the Nineteenth Michigan and Twenty-second Wisconsin in a small fort of the enemy occupied by four of their field pieces. Such was the fury of the enemy's fire that the men could not advance farther,and here a portion of the First and Second Brigade remained during the day, holding this position under the very brow of the rebel earth-works. A portion retired to the left and rear. Soon after my arrival at the immediate vicinity of the rebel works General Ward was wounded and left the field. I took command of the forces there and made three efforts to charge and take the enemy's works, but such was the disorganized condition of the men of both brigades and the terrific force of their fire that each charge failed and nothing more could be done than hold the place up to the line of their breast-works. In one of these charges late in the day the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania, Colonel Cobham, gallantly participated. Remaining here till near

