
sunset, I received an order to come to the rear with the men of my command then with me. I returned, leaving the men where I had placed them, near the rebel works. This was approved. A portion of the brigade having been formed in the rear and to the left after the first charge, I took them, by order of General Butterfield, to the left still farther to meet and assist in repelling a charge them being made by the enemy upon the left of our position. The Thirty-third Indiana at once changed front forward and promptly met the attack. After a severe fight, in which the rebels suffered much, they were repulsed and retired. General Butterfield then directed me to send 200 men to re-enforce the men of my own brigade and relieve the men of the First Brigade still near the rebel earth-works. This was done under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Buckingham, of the Twentieth Connecticut. His force assisted in digging the side of the fort away an in dragging out four pieces of artillery at night. The losses of the brigade in this action are as follows: 1 officer killed and 7 wounded, 26 men killed and 191 wounded, and 1 man missing. I refer to the reports of the regimental commanders for the names of officers and men killed and wounded, and for acts of distinguished merit. Early in the action Colonel Henry C. Gilbert, Nineteenth Michigan, was mortally wounded while leading his men up to the rebel works. His life has been gloriously sacrificed to his country in the front rank of her soldiers. Captain Calmer, of the same regiment, was killed on the top of their ramparts, and Captain Patton and Lieutenant Flint, of the Twenty-second Wisconsin, mortally wounded close beside him. The conduct of the brigade under the peculiarly trying circumstances was excellent. Their determined and gallant charge secured the position so boldly won by the First Brigade, and together they held it, under the very muzzles of the enemy's guns, fire hours in daylight, and their prompt and vigorous action on the left in the day contributed powerfully to repel the fierce assault of the enemy there. The brigade encamped on the battle-field, a detail making breast-works during the night. On the morning of the 16th of May the brigade marched with the division, passing the railroad near Resaca and crossing the Connesauga on a temporary bridge left standing by the enemy. At 11 o'clock at night the brigade arrived at the Coosawattee River at Field's Mill and began crossing soon after on a ferry-boat. This was accomplished at 2.30 on the morning of the 17th; here the command bivouacked till daylight. At 2 p.m. on the 17th the brigade marched, leaving a detail of 150 men to complete a brigade over the Coosawattee and 250 men as a train guard; marched till 10 p.m. end encamped with the division. On the morning of the 18th the brigade marched toward Cassville and the division finding the enemy in front, the Twenty-second Wisconsin was left with the train as a guard. The brigade moved on,having a march of some twenty-one miles;encamped on Gravelly Plateau, some four miles north of Cassville. Two regiments, the Thirty-third and Eighty-fifth Indiana, were sent back two miles and stationed as a guard upon a road intersecting the one to Cassville on the right. On the 19th a portion of the brigade was ordered to advance with the division to the right of the road to Cassville; the Nineteenth Michigan, Major Griffin and Twentieth Connecticut, under Colonel Ross, were sent. The Thirty-third and Eighty-fifth Indiana having come up, were ordered to hold the Cassville road and fortify it. This they did until 2 p.m. The regiments of the brigade in advance occupied the right of the division

