
and support the artillery, driving the enemy before them with great promptness and bravery. At 2 p.m. the Thirty-third and Eighty-fifth Indiana were ordered forward from their position on the road, an at 4 p.m. joined the division, already formed and advancing upon the enemy; they were hurried up and placed in position to the right and rear of the division, which had then arrived to a point half a mile west of Cassville. Just at this time the Nineteenth Michigan and Twentieth Connecticut were ordered up to support Company C, First Michigan Artillery,* which took a position on an eminence to command the enemy's line on the opposite side of Cassville and to the east. The Thirty-third and Eighty-fifth Indiana were moved up and formed the second line in their immediate rear. At dusk the Nineteenth and Twentieth Connecticut, supported by the Thirty-third and Eighty-fifth Indiana, were advanced into the town, which, after a skirmish they held and occupied during the night. The streets were then strongly barricaded and every preparation made for a strenuous resistance of any attempt to dislodge our force. The heights beyond the town were covered by the enemy in large numbers, who made extensive fortifications during the night but evacuated them at daylight. The brigade occupied the town until 10 a.m. of the 20th of May, when it moved to the west about a mile and a half and encamped with the division, the First Division, Twentieth Corps, relieving us in Cassville. The loss in the advance on and occupation of Cassville was 1 man killed and 5 wounded. I here take occasion to return thanks to all of my staff for their activity and ardor in obeying and executing all orders and meeting all emergencies. To Captain A. G. Kellam, provost-marshall, Lieutenant F. C. Crawford, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenants Booth and Reynolds, my aides, I accord the highest praise for bravery and coolness. The commanders of regiments did, I believe, their whole duty as soldiers and brave men.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN COBURN,

Colonel Thirty-third Indiana, Commanding Brigade.

Captain JOHN SPEED,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Div., Twentieth Army Corps.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS, Camp on Kolb's farm, near Marietta, Ga., June 28, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the military operations of the Second Brigade of the Third Division of the Twentieth Corps, from the 22nd day of May to the 29th day of June, A. D. 1864, in Northern Georgia:

On the 23rd day of May, 1864, the brigade, being encamped near Cassville, Ga., with the division and corps, marched at 4 a.m. toward the Etowah River, almost due south. The Fourteenth Corps marched on a parallel line with ours. The brigade about noon halted at the river to await the completion of the pontoon bridge. This being completed in a short time we moved across and encamped

---------------

*So in original but it was probably Battery I, First Michigan, or Battery C, First Ohio, both of which belonged to the Third Division. Battery C, First Michigan, served with the Sixteenth Army Corps.

---------------

