
breast-works. The Nineteenth Michigan was relieved at 1 o'clock in the morning. The Thirty-third Indiana continued on the front line and fortified, laboring the entire night. The losses in this action are as follows: Thirty-third Indiana, 3 men killed, 2 officers and 43 men wounded; Nineteenth Michigan, 1 officer killed and 3 wounded (Captain Bigelow mortally), 3 men killed and 44 wounded; the Twenty-second Wisconsin, 1 man killed, 1 officer and 8 men wounded; the Eighty-fifth Indiana, 1 officer and 6 men wounded, making in all, 1 officer and 7 men killed and 7 officers and 101 men wounded; a total of 116. Many of the wounded died, among them Captain Bigelow, Nineteenth Michigan, and intelligent, active, energetic, and most efficient officer. In this battle the Second Brigade while engaged covered at least a fourth of the entire fighting front of the corps, and held it until the contest closed in the impenetrable darkness of a midnight storm. Not a gun was fired by our troops on its right, and it boldly held its position there, with the possibility of a flank attack at any moment. Late at night the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania, Colonel Cobham, came from the left and took position, erecting breast-works on the right, and on his right the First Brigade of this division formed and continued the line of works, refusing it almost directly to the rear. In this battle Major Miller, commanding the Thirty-third Indiana, and Major Griffin, the Nineteenth Michigan, greatly distinguished themselves for coolness and daring. Early in the morning of the 26th the Twenty-second Wisconsin and Eighty-fifth Indiana took their position in the front line, relieving the Thirty-third Indiana and One hundred and twenty-third New York. The fortifications were strengthened and a continual and destructive skirmish fire continued, in which the brigade lost 2 officers and 27 men. At dark the brigade was relieved and moved to the right, in rear of the First Brigade. May 27, the brigade moved forward and occupied the line of works made by the First Brigade, which advanced some fifty yards and fortified. May 28, remained in same camp, under constant skirmish fire and occasional shots from artillery. May 29, remained in same camp. At 11 o'clock at night the enemy made a demonstration on our left, which resulted in a furious discharge of musketry and artillery for nearly an hour. We heard heavy firing at a distance on the right of the army, which proved to be an attack on the Army of the Tennessee. May 30, the brigade moved into the front line, relieving the Third Brigade. May 31, the brigade remained in the same camp.

June 1,to be brigade was relieved by a part of General Morgan L. Smith's division, of the Fifteenth Corps, at 1 p.m., and with the division marched in rear of the army lines northeast about four miles, passing the Fourth, Fourteenth,and Twenty-third Corps, encamping on a precipitous and rocky bridge occupied in part by the First Division of the Twentieth Corps. June 2, the brigade marched northeasterly two and a half miles and halted in rear of the Twenty-third Corps, forming a single line and throwing up works with bayonets, cups, and plates in an incredibly short time under a fire from the enemy's artillery. Here Major Miller commanding Thirty-third Indiana, was wounded in the head. June 3, the brigade, with the division, moved still farther to the left and northeast toward Acworth, following Hovey's division, of the Twenty-third Corps, and in support of it. After moving a mile we halted near Morri's Hill Church and encamped on the extreme left flank of the army, the Twenty-second Wisconsin, in support of a battery,

