
erected fortifications. By this movement the right flank of the enemy was turned and he began to retreat. June 4, the brigade moved forward and occupied the lines of Hovey's division which had advanced. June 5,remained in same camp. June 6, the brigade moved at 6 a.m. southeasterly about five miles and struck the Sandtown and Acworth road. After moving upon is a short distance the brigade took position at Mount Olive Church,near Kemp's Mill, on the left of the road. The church was burning as we approached, the enemy having just passed to the left and east toward Pine Knob and Kenesaw Mountain on the Marietta road. Pine Knob on the left and Lost Mountain on the right were plainly visible from this position. Here breast-works were erected beginning at the road and running eastward. The lines were refused on the right of this brigade by the First Division, Twentieth Corps, and on the left by the First Brigade of this division. The brigade encamped here until the 15th of June, taking upon the skirmish line 6 prisoners. The rain which began on the 1st of June continued almost daily. The roads became very muddy and rations scarce, so that the regular ration was not issued for a short time. While here the Twenty-third Corps moved to our right and toward Lost Mountain, and the Fourth and Fourteenth Corps to our left toward Pine Knob, on which could be seen the rebel camps.

BATTLE OF LOST MOUNTAIN OR GILGAL CHURCH.

On the 15th of June the brigade moved with the division, and crossing the small stream just below Kemp's Mill, advanced on the road toward Gigal (wrongly called Golgotha) Church, in a southeasterly direction, leaving Lost Mountain to the right and west a mile and a half, and halted near to a line of the enemy's works just abandoned upon the left of the road, and here formed in line of battle in rear of the First Brigade, the Twenty-third Corps being on the right of our division and the remainder of the Twentieth Corps on the left. Here the brigade remained about two hours. At this time the First Brigade advanced in line of battle across an open field, broken perpendicularly to our line by a ravine almost a quarter of a mile to a wood beyond, where the enemy's skirmishers were posted. They were soon dislodged. The Second Brigade was ordered to advance in support of the First Brigade in line of battle, the Nineteenth Michigan, Major Griffin, on the right, on its left the Eighty-fifth Indiana, Colonel Baird, the Thirty-third Indiana, Major Miller, on its left, and the Twenty-second Wisconsin, Colonel Utley, on the left. This movement was made with regularity and promptness, the right somewhat advanced. On arriving in the wood a deep ravine was encountered in part of the line, and still farther forward the ground ascends, forming a broken ridge thickly covered with trees. The First Brigade met with considerable resistance from the enemy's skirmishers, and advanced bearing off toward the right, a portion of it crossing the road. Here it was subjected to a tremendous fire of artillery and musketry, coming from what proved to be the enemy's great line of earth-works, about 200 yards in front, and returning heavy volleys of musketry upon the retreating enemy. The First Brigade soon exhausted their ammunition, and upon the request of Brigadier-General Wood, I relieved his line, sending the Eighty-fifth Indiana and Nineteenth Michigan to his relief on the right of the road,and the Thirty-third Indiana and Twenty-

