
stream we advanced along the road toward Marietta and formed in line of battle on a wooded ridge half a mile to the right of the road in the rear of the division,already formed in two lines in our front. The division advanced three-quarters of a mile, finding the enemy in front and on the right flank. A position was here taken and the brigade again took the front, building fortifications. During the night it was moved to the left, building other works on that line, being under orders to connect within the Second Division, but failed to find it before morning. On the 20th of June the brigade moved again to the front and left, and connected with the Second Division, Twentieth Corps, building a new line of works. On the 21st the brigade was relieved by General Kimball's brigade, of the Fourth Corps, and advanced soon after with it, connecting on the left with it, building another line of works half a mile in advance.

BATTLE OF KOLB'S FARM, OF KENESAW MOUNTAIN.

On the 22nd of June the brigade was ordered to march and did so at 8 a.m. in support of the Third Brigade. It advanced half a mile and found the enemy in front, posted on a high fortified ridge with a strong skirmish line in front. The Third Brigade advanced across an open field without resistance. Two regiments of my brigade were ordered to advance through a wood and form on its left. The Twenty-second Wisconsin and Thirty-third Indiana moved forward in line of battle at once. The enemy fell back after a short but sharp resistance, and we took a position on a ridge to the left of the Third Brigade. Very soon we received a severe flank fire on the left, the Fourth Corps not having advanced with us. The left of the Thirty-third Indiana was refused at once, and I had the Nineteenth Michigan and Eighty-fifth Indiana immediately brought up and formed on the left, facing in that direction except on the extreme left, which faced to the front. During this time the brigade received and gave a severe and fatal fire. I at once requested General Kimball, of the Fourth Corps, to advance on my left and connect with my line, which was done with great promptness and the enemy checked. About 3 o'clock in the afternoon the enemy charged our line with great vigor, but was repulsed in half an hour with heavy loss. In the morning my brigade pioneers had reported under division orders to Colonel Wood, of the Third Brigade, and were with him the most of the day. The intrenching tools of the division were all given to the First and Third Brigades, but notwithstanding this, my men fortified with rails and bayonets, scooping the dirt with their hands and tin cups quite a safe work was constructed. At 5 p.m. the brigade was relieved by Kimball's and Harker's Brigades, of the Fourth Corps. In this battle the Twenty-second Wisconsin and Thirty-third Indiana, by their prompt and bold advance under fire, distinguished themselves and their commanders, Colonel Utley and Major Miller. Adjt. Charles H. Porter, of the Thirty-third Indiana, was instantly killed while endeavoring to check the attack on our left. Thus fell in his early manhood a bright, brave, active officer, whose promise was that of a most useful and brilliant career. Captain Burton, Lieutenant Chandler, and Lieutenant McKinney, of the Thirty-third Indiana, and Lieutenant Shaffer, of Nineteenth Michigan, were severely wounded during the day. On being relieved the brigade, in advance of the division, marched two

