
miles to the right to relieve and re-enforce a part of General William's division, Twentieth Corps,which had also been severely engaged, the enemy having attacked them soon after his repulse in our front. On arriving here the brigade rested four hours and again advanced to the immediate rear of Knipe's brigade. The losses in this engagement in the brigade were 1 officer killed and 4 wounded, 5 privates killed and 53 wounded; in all, 63. Of these 4 officers and 32 men were from the Thirty-third Indiana, 12 men from the Twenty-second Wisconsin, 4 men from the Eighty-fifth Indiana,and 1 officer and 10 men from the Nineteenth Michigan. On the 23rd of June the brigade, again in advance of the division, moved to the right at 9 a.m., and, moving toward the east on the Powder Springs and Marietta road past Scribner's Female Institute, took position on the left of the road in front, within musket-range of the enemy's works on the immediate left of Hascall's division, of the Twenty-third Corps. The brigade was formed in single line and at once put up earth-works. This was at a point three miles west of Marietta. Immediately in front was the line of the enemy's works, inclosing that town and Kenesaw Mountain, vast in length and made formidable by great labor upon strong natural positions. The brigade occupied the camp taken on the 23rd up to the evening of the 26th of June, in the front. On that day it was relieved by the First Brigade and encamped a short distance in the rear. On the 27th of June,along the whole line of the army, the artillery opened upon the enemy. The brigade was ordered to be ready to move at once. An attack was made on the left by the Fourteenth and Fourth Corps in great force, but, failing of success, we did not move. On the 28th of June we remained in the same camp, during this entire time skirmishing constantly with the enemy (who was in close proximity) with considerable loss.

In the period covered by this report the brigade did an unparalleled amount of labor, almost daily making lines of works, and this with astonishing alacrity and cheerfulness. In all that constitutes the true soldier, in hard fighting, hard working,long endurance, cheerful bearing, and manly promptness,they filled full the measure of the trying hours. In the battles of New Hope Church, in Dallas woods, May 25; of Lost Mountain, or Gilgal Church, June 15, and of Kolb's farm, June 22, officers and men vied with each other in heroic daring, I forward herewith the reports of regimental commanders, and with them the list of killed and wounded. In them will be found more especial mention of the worthy deeds of the officers and men of my command. My staff officers during this arduous struggle rendered me most valuable aid. In the field Captain Kellam, Lieutenants Crawford, Booth,and Farr, gallantly met every required emergency, shirking from no danger, and cheerfully performing most laborious duties. Lieutenant Bachman and Harbert, as quartermaster and commissary of subsistence, discharged their duties most acceptably, as also Lieutenant McKnight, in command of the brigade pioneers. The entire losses during this period were as follows: 4 officers killed, 15 wounded; 30 men killed, 274 men wounded,and 7 missing;making a total of 337.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN COBURN,

Colonel Thirty-third Indiana, Commanding Brigade.

Captain JOHN SPEED,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Div., 20th Army Corps.

