
the Fourteenth Corps having preceded ours at this point. The brigade having advanced about three miles, encamped near Nancy's Creek, a branch of Peach Tree Creek, and on the Buck Head road. July 18, the brigade at noon advanced toward Buck Head in line of battle some two miles,it having been ascertained that the Fourth Army Corps was already in that place. We marched by the flank and encamped near Buck Head for the night, on the right of the road, with the division. July 19, the brigade remained in same camp. July 20, the brigade, in advance of and with the division, moved toward Atlanta, due south, and at 11 a.m. crossed Peach Tree Creek with the division at a point brigade by Newton's division, of the Fourth corps, our division having orders to fill the interval between Newton's division and Geary's division, of the Twentieth Corps, which crossed to our right and below us. The pickets of the enemy occupied the position we were ordered to assume. Two regiments were ordered to advance as skirmishers. My brigade furnished the Twenty-second Wisconsin, under command of Lieutenant Colonel Edward Bloodgood, who promptly advanced, covering almost the entire front and leaving but a small for the One hundred and thirty-sixth New York, of the Third Brigade. The skirmishers of the enemy were driven off and pursued nearly half a mile form out the valley and over a low range, of hills to the south, where the skirmishers halted,joining to those of the Fourth Corps on the left and of General Geary on the right,who likewise advanced. Peach Tree Creek is a narrow and muddy stream, about forty feet wide and very deep,varying from four to twelve feet,and impassable,except by bridges. The valley is narrow, being about 200 yards wide at our position, level and cleared; the hills rise gradually from it to the south some 70 feet in 400 yards. Here these slopes in our front were for the most part cleared, and, except on the left, where there is a small thick grove of pine, a great portion of the space is clothed with a thin growth of young pines and sassafras. Passing over the first ridge thus covered a wooded narrow ravine is reached, and running along its bottom a small stream toward the west into a branch of the creek, on which there is a mill. Still beyond the ravine to the south rises the ridge higher and entirely cleared, and on its top there is a road running from the Buck Head and Atlanta road westwardly by the mill to the river. Along this road were stationed the advance of our skirmishers, overlooking a field some third of a mile to the south, and covering our division front. The division was formed in the valley some 200 yards from the creek, fronting south. The Third Brigade was on the left, joining the Fourth Corps, the Second Brigade in the center, and the First Brigade on the right. The Second Brigade formed,with the Thirty-third and Eighty-fifth Indiana Regiments in front, the former under command of Major Levin T. Miller, the latter under command of Lieutenant Colonel A. B. Crane; the Nineteenth Michigan in the second line, commanded by Major John J. Baker, the Twenty-second Wisconsin being on the skirmish line in front. At about 3 o'clock in the afternoon I was informed that the enemy was advancing in force in our front. I at once went to General Ward's headquarters and informed him of the fact and asked leave to advance my brigade to a better position in front. At first General Ward replied that it was against General Hooker's order and could not be done, but on second thought he directed me to advance, if the rebels made a charge. On returning I went to the front, informing

