
of wounded than in any of the previous engagements (see table Numbers 5).* The hospital was two miles in the rear of the field of battle. The wounded were removed from the hospital on the third and fourth days after the battle. On the 22nd the division advanced to within two miles of Atlanta and commenced the siege which resulted in the capture of Atlanta. From the commencement of the siege, July 22, to the occupation of the city, September 2, was a period of forty-two days. Casualties, see table Numbers 6.+ Anesthetics (chloroform) were used in all important operations without a single unpleasant result recorded. During the siege the troops suffered considerably from scorbute, owing to the limited amount of vegetable diet furnished them. The climate of the region through which we passed was generally healthy, and our men suffered comparatively little diseases, expect such as were of a dietetic character. The command was reduced during the campaign from casualties, disease, and muster out to 4,535 officers and men. The medical supplies were in abundance. Stimulants, surgical appliances, and tents were sufficient for the demands. The operations, especially the more important amputations, were generally performed within thirty hours after the injuries. There was generally and abundance of springs water. In the removal of wounded from the field hospitals preparations after reaching the railroad were all that could be expected. Medical attendance always accompanied them, and as the line of march was usually near the railroad, the distance for their removal by ambulances was not very great. Not being with the command till late in the campaign, and some of the medical records having been lost, I have been compelled to draw largely from the report of the general commanding division.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. Z. GILL,

Surgeon, U. S. Vols., Chief First Div., 20th Army Corps.

Surg. JOHN W. FOYE,

Medical Director, Twentieth Army Corps.

Numbers 181.

Report of Brigadier General Joseph F. Knipe, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.++
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, 20TH CORPS,Atlanta, Ga., September 13, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of my brigade during the campaign of Atlanta:

My brigade was guarding railroad communications on the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad when I received orders to move with my command to the front. The One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers and Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers started on the 28th of April, 1864, from Decherd, Tenn.; marched across the Cumberland Mountains, and reached Bridgeport, Ala., on the 30th of April, where the Fifth Connecticut Veteran Volunteers and the detachment of the Third Maryland Volunteer Infantry

---------------

* Shows 119 killed, 458 wounded, and 3 missing; total, 580.

+ Shows 183 wounded (hospital report).

++ Including operations of the division July 28-August 27.

---------------

