
Colonel Harrison, First Brigade, as I passed, of the condition of affairs, and ascertained that the enemy was advancing, and at once put the brigade in motion, the Thirty-third Indiana on the left, the Eighty-fifth Indiana on the right, and the Nineteenth Michigan in the rear of the brigade. In advancing we met the skirmishers, they being driven in. Having reached the crest of the firs brigade the line halted, as directed before the advance, but seeing the position was ineligible, I ordered an advance of the Thirty-third Indiana to the ravine, which was joined in by the Eighty-fifth Indiana and soon followed by the Nineteenth Michigan. Upon examining the field to our left, I found that the enemy had driven in the skirmishers in front of the Third Brigade and was advancing in large numbers on my left flank and pouring in a deadly fire. Two companies of the Thirty-third were refused and faced to the left to meet this, and I at once rode to Colonel Wood, in command of the Third Brigade, requesting him to hasten his advance on the left and drive back the enemy. This he did, his brigade gallantly coming up and rescuing my left. On the right the First Brigade, under Colonel Harrison, immediately followed my advance, and moving somewhat beyond it poured a galling fire into the enemy across my rant. The whole line halted for a short time in the ravine. Here the Twenty-second Wisconsin rallied, and from this place the brigade poured deadly volleys into the enemy, who charged in large numbers down the slope. Soon, the enemy being checked, the whole line with the wildest ardor rushed forward to the top of the hill, capturing about 200 prisoners and slaughtering the enemy terribly,so short was the range. The enemy fled, but rallied,and three times renewed the attack before night. The battle was thus continued some four hours. On reaching the crest of the hill a portion of the brigade rushed beyond the road and immediately took position, and a portion in the rear, so that at once two lines were formed and almost instantly fortified by rails. Here let me testify to the gallant conduct of the two brigades on my right and left in their advance, to their promptness and unshaken firmness under the heaviest assaults. The prisoners gave the information that the enemy in our front was Loring's division, of Stewart's corps. Their dead numbered there alone 120 men, and their wounded added would swell their losses there to 500. Our men were engaged during the entire night in carrying off the rebel wounded, and the forenoon of the next day was spent by a large detail in burying their dead. My brigade numbered in this battle 1,263 men with muskets and 52 officers. To all offices and men are due the honors and gratitude earned by heroic valor and enthusiastic devotion to principle, and theirs are the laurels of a victory snatched from the trembling balance of battle which wavered on either hand of our division. the commanders of regiments, by their example, led their me to a result which could not otherwise have been achieved. Major Baker, commanding the Nineteenth Michigan, was severely wounded and the command developed upon Captain Anderson. My staff-Captain A. G. Kellam, inspector; Lieutenant F. C. Crawford, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant C. A. Booth, provost-marshal, and Lieutenant H. C. Johnson, topographical engineer - were actively and boldly doing their duty throughout the day. Lieutenant Crawford in a signal manner aided Colonel Crane in managing the Eighty-fifth Indiana, and Captain Kellam, in every part of the field, his activity an daring assisted in accomplishing

