
our success. Lieutenant Plinna McKnight, commanding pioneers, rendered valuable service in constructing bridges used by the other portions of the army. The loss in the brigade in this battle is 7 officers wounded, 33 men killed, 169 men wounded, and 7 missing. I append the lists, with the reports of regimental commanders, which I forward herewith. The losses, total, since the 28th day of [June] and up to the 28th day of July are in killed, wounded, and missing as follows: 1 officer and 34 men killed and 8 officers and 188 men wounded, and 7 men missing; making a total of 238 killed, wounded, and missing. On the 21st of July the brigade remained in camp on the battle-field, skirmishing with the enemy in front, who at night evacuated his position and withdrew to Atlanta. On the 22nd of July the brigade, with the army, advanced to a position two miles from Atlanta and within range of the artillery of the enemy,and went into camp a short distance to the right of the Buck Heard road, at the right of the Fourth and the left of the Twentieth Corp. Fortifications were at once made, the skirmishers being advanced half a mile to the front. On the 23rd of July the brigade remained in the same camp. On the 24th of July remained in the same camp. This day Captain George L. Scott, Company I, Thirty-third Indiana, was killed on the picket-line while on duty as brigade officer of the day. He was a brave, active, honorable, and most faithful officer. On the 25th,26th, 27th,and 28th of July the brigade remained in the same camp, skirmishing in front, building a new line of works, and resting under the fire of the enemy's artillery in Atlanta, posted in heavy and formidable works in plain view, the enemy thus holding to this day with dogged tenacity to this to him precious but untenable position.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN COBURN,

Colonel Thirty-third Indiana, Commanding Brigade.

Captain JOHN SPEED,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Twentieth Corps.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 20TH CORPS, Atlanta, Ga., September 12, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the military operations of the Second Brigade, Third Division, Twentieth Corps, for the period from the 27th of July to the 12th of September, 1864, inclusive:

On the 17th day of July, the brigade being north of Atlanta, were encamped in reserve in rear of the Second Division of the Twentieth Corps, and remained there during the day. On the 28th the brigade was ordered to move to the right to re-enforce the Fifteenth Corps, and marched at 5 p.m., but before arriving at the battle-field was ordered back,the enemy being repulsed. The Thirty-third Indiana had remained in camp under orders as a reserve to the Second Division. On the 29th day of July the brigade, with the division,moved to the extreme right of the army, and encamped on the right of the division, in a position refused to the right of the Sandtown road, about six miles west of Atlanta, building works. On the 30th of July the brigade with the division moved farther to the right half a mile, taking position on the Sandtown road, in the

