
center of the division,in two lines, making earth-works. July 31, remained in same camp, Davis' division, of the Fourteenth Corps, making a recognizable in front to Utoy Creek.

August 1, remained in same camp. August 2, the brigade moved with the division to the left about five miles and rear the Chattanooga railroad. August 3, the brigade moved into the works occupied by a portion of Baird's division, of the Fourteenth Corps, on the Turner's Ferry road and in front of Atlanta. New works were laid out and begun at once 200 yards in front. The work was continued on the 3rd and 4th of August, and on the 5th the new line was occupied. August 6,7,8, and 9, remained in the same camp. On the night of the 9th a new line of works in front about 300 yards was laid out and the labor begun. The work was continued on the 10th and 11th of August as before. On the latter day the brigade moved into the new line of works. The brigade continued in this position up to the 24th of August, strengthening the works and lying in close proximity to the enemy in front, during the most of the time keeping up a constant skirmish fire. During the few days of the latter part of this time the firing ceased by mutual act of both parties. On the 25th of August the Thirty-third Indiana was ordered to march to Turner's Ferry,on the Chattahoochee River, to assist in the construction of the fortifications for a new camp. The regiment marched in the morning at 6 o'clock and arrived at the ferry at noon, and at once began the construction of works. The brigade moved quietly with the Third Brigade of this division at 8 p.m. of this day toward Turner's Ferry. The pickets were not withdrawn until 2 o'clock in the morning, which was done without observation on the part of the enemy. The brigade arrived at the river at about 2 o'clock in the morning of the 26th. On the 26th the brigade encamped in single line on the south of the road near the river, the right resting on the river, strengthening the works begun by the Thirty-third Indiana. These works are in a semi-circular shape and on a ridge near the river. A pontoon bridge was laid at the ferry in our rear. On the 27th of August the enemy attacked us in front with artillery and musketry at 10 a.m., but were soon repulsed. It was supposed to be a reconnaissance by two brigades of infantry with a section of artillery. Lieutenant Slauter, of the Thirty-third Indiana, was severely wounded. Soon after noon the enemy withdrew, losing 3 killed and wounded. On the 28th, 29th, 30th, and 31st of August and 1st day of September the brigade remained in camp, strengthening works and repairing the road beyond the river running from the railroad bridge to Sandtown. On the 28th of August Major Higgins, of the Seventy-third Ohio, made a reconnaissance in front with 300 men and found the enemy intrenched at distance of three miles. After a short skirmish he returned. A portion of my brigade was with him.

On the 2nd of September, at 6 a.m., under orders from Brigadier-General Ward, I marched on a reconnaissance from Turner's Ferry to find the position of the enemy toward Atlanta. I had under my command 900 infantry, composed of 500 men of my brigade, commanded by Captain Crawford, Eighty-fifth Indiana; Captain Baldwin, Nineteenth Michigan; Captain May, Twenty-second Wisconsin, and Lieutenant Freeland, Thirty-third Indiana, and 400 of the Third Brigade, under command of Major Wickham, Fifty-fifth Ohio, together with 40 mounted men under Captain Scott, Seventieth Indiana. Two hundred and forty men were thrown forward

