
Numbers 262.

Reports of Major Levin T. Miller, Thirty-third Indiana Infantry.

HDQRS. THIRTY-THIRD Regiment INDIANA INFANTRY, VOLS., Near Chattahoochee River, July 17, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of operations of the Thirty-third Regiment Indiana Infantry Volunteers, Second Brigade Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps, from the 8th day of May to the 17th day of July, 1864:

On the 9th day of May, 1864, the regiment joined the brigade near Trickum, Ga., in Dogwood Valley. The regiment went into camp here and remained until the 11th, when it marched about fifteen miles to Snake Creek Gap and went into camp. On the 12th the regiment was engaged in cutting out wagon roads and a way for troops to pass outside of the road into the gap. About noon the brigade, except the Thirty-third Indiana and Twentieth Connecticut, moved on with the army. That night the regiment was ordered to join the brigade,and I moved the regiment about 12 and camped with the brigade, after marching three miles, about 2 p.m. May 13 the brigade moved at daylight, except four companies of the Thirty-third Indiana Volunteers, who were detailed as train guards. About 2 p.m. halted and went into position on the right of the brigade, in rear of the Fifteenth Army Corps, and near a place called Resaca. In the evening the regiment marched to the left and front about a mile and a half,and camped for the night in rear of part of the Fourteenth Corps. May the 14th the regiment moved forward about 400 yards and relieved part of the Fourteenth Corps. The brigade was formed in two lines, the Thirty-third on the left of the first line. May 15th, our brigade moved in the morning and marched to the left past the Fourteenth, Fourth, and Twenty-third Corps and halted on the left of the road, and the regiment was formed as column of division. About 10 o'clock the regiment was ordered forward, and after advancing about a mile to the front filed to the right, and finally the brigade formed in two lines of battle, two regiments front, with the Thirty-third Indiana Volunteers in the rear of the second line and to the left and rear of the Twenty-second Wisconsin. Our brigade then moved forward through thick pine woods and over very rough ground toward a range of hills that were occupied by the enemy. Our brigade in the movement supported a charge make by the First Brigade. The movement was very much delayed by the passage of some other troops marching by the left flank across our line of advance, and the brigade was very much confused for a time by this movement. The charge was made and was successful in result, and our brigade changed direction to the left and passed farther along the crest of the range of hills, and after crossing a main wide road, where they were exposed to a severe fire of musketry and artillery, finally attacked a fort of the enemy, but were too weak in numbers to carry it by storm and only held their position. At the time the front of the brigade changed direction to the left the confusion was so great that the remainder of the brigade, the Eighty-fifth and Thirty-third Indiana, became separated from the other regiments, and when their two regiments advanced in the direction they supposed the brigade had gone there were ten or twelve lines of troops formed in various ways,and lying down and firing

