
over lines yet in advance of them, it became almost impossible for troops to advance in order and without confusion. Colonel Baird, Eighty-fifth Indiana, deemed it prudent to halt and await orders and reform the Eighty-fifth and Thirty-third in a good position, which was done. I had reported to him in the absence of any other commanding officer. In about an hour after this,an orderly informed Colonel Baird that the brigade commander, Colonel Coburn, with most of the men of the other regiments, was in front of a fort of the enemy, and were not strong enough to take it, and that the Eighty-fifth and Thirty-third Indiana were to come to his assistance. This was attempted both by marching in line and by flank, but was absolutely impossible to be done without wanton waste of life, on account of our own soldiers, six or eight lines deep in front of us, continually firing, and they could not be induced or made to cease firing along enough to enable us to get forward. About 4 p.m. the regiment was ordered to occupy a ridge farther to the rear and left, and finally the whole brigade joined us. The Thirty-third Indiana and the Twentieth Connecticut were posted in the first line, and the men were ordered to lie down. About 5 p.m., the enemy having attempted to charge the hill, I moved the regiment forward on the left company, and assisted some of General Geary's division in repelling the charge; the center of the regiment became engaged and greatly contributed to the repulse. The battle closed at dark, and during the night a large detail was engaged building works for the regiment. May the 16th marched about 9 a.m. and, passing the railroad near Resaca, crossed the Connesauga, and at 11 at night the regiment, marching in rear of the brigade, arrived at the Coosawattee River and crossed this stream on a ferry-boat. It was nearly 3 a.m. when the Thirty-third Indiana got across. On the 17th of May, about 2 p.m., received orders and marched on until about 10 o'clock at night before getting into camp. May 18,the regiment marched toward Cassville; the day was very warm, and many of my men gave out on the road. We marched about twenty miles, and then the Thirty-third Indiana and Eighty-fifth Indiana had to march back about two and a half miles and guard a road that night - a road that intersected the one to Cassville, on the right. On the 19th the regiment marched nearly in the morning and rejoined the brigade, and then moved toward Cassville, and then halted and fortified our position and remained there until 2 p.m. About 4 p.m. an advance was made on the enemy. Our brigade was in two lines, the Thirty-third and Eighty-fifth Indianan the second line,and in support of Battery C, First Ohio Artillery. About dark, the enemy having fallen back and retreated, our lines advanced, and the Thirty-third and Eighty-fifth Indiana were ordered to advance and fortify the crest of the hill overlooking the town of Cassville, and near a large building used by the enemy as a hospital. This was accordingly done during the night. The regiment remained in this position until noon 20th, when it moved with the brigade on a road leading west, and after marching two and a half miles went into camp. Here the division remained resting and recruiting up,and the sick and wounded were sent back to Kingston. The division remained here until the morning of the 23rd of May.

Monday, May 23, got up at 3 a.m., and at 5 a.m. moved to the east one mile and a half, and then went southeast. Marched beside the First Division out of the road. Arrived at Etowah River at noon. In three hours pontoons were thrown across the river 300 feet in

