
width. Crossed the river and went about one mile and a half and formed in a line of battle north and south, another line east and west, and then marched ten miles. Tuesday, May 24,got up at 4 o'clock, marched at sunrise, and moved about seven or eight miles, when flankers were ordered out on the right and then on the left until 12 m. Marched ten miles and went into camp in a hollow to the right of the road. During the night moved to the right and rear and threw up works. Rained nearly all night. Wednesday, May 25, marched in a southeast direction about 8 a.m. Strict orders were issued about firing off guns and missing roll-calls. Marched about one mile and crossed Pumpkin Vine Creek; marched till 5 p.m. Moved half a mile and formed in column of division on the right of the road. Marched forward in column of division about one mile and got in advance of our brigade. Owing to the orders of General Butterfield, our regiment advanced and relieved the Forty-sixth Pennsylvania, belonging to General Knipe's brigade, General Geary's division. They fell back in good order after telling us that they were out of ammunition. The Thirty-third Pennsylvania took their place, and for about ten minutes poured a most destructive and solid fire into the rebel ranks, silencing their musketry completely and all under a galling fire of artillery from the enemy. About dusk I ordered my men to cease firing and lie down, and sent out one platoon of Company A as skirmishers. About this time it commenced to rain and continued a cold wet rain for about two and a half hours. We made as good a breast-works as possible in the darkness of the night with old logs. We had no intrenching tools. We are said to be within about one mile of Dallas. Thursday, May 26, in the morning were relieved from our position by the Twenty-second Wisconsin. We moved to the rear about 100 yards and built up fires and made coffee. Men are out of rations; detail went after rations and ammunition. This evening the brigade formed in rear of General Ward's brigade, and marched about one mile and a half to the right, and went into camp opposite and rear of Seventieth Indiana. We slept all night quietly. Friday, May 27, about 12 o'clock First Brigade advanced out of their breast-works and advanced until they formed an acute angle with their first breast-work and threw up another line of works. Four companies of the Thirty-third Indiana were ordered out to assist the First Brigade in building breast-works. They were very much exposed, and 2 men were killed and 4 or 5 severely wounded by sharpshooters. We were not disturbed to-night. Saturday, May 28, about 7.30 a.m. the enemy opened their batteries on us and have been throwing solid shot and canister. Sharpshooters are not so troublesome. Our artillery is getting into position to the left and front of our regiment. I was ordered by Colonel Coburn to send enough men to the right of the Third Brigade to fill up the advanced line of breast-works, taking two companies, D and I. At dark I sent out Companies A and F to relieve them; in about half an hour D and I joined the regiment. Sunday, May 29, skirmishing all last night; nothing gained. Heavy, skirmishing this morning; 1 man, Busbee, slightly wounded in forehead. About 11 o'clock to-night the enemy attempted to charge our lines, and in about two hours tried it again, our regiment not engaged. Monday, May 30, we lay all day quietly in our breast-works, and at dusk moved out on the front or first line of breast-works, the Thirty-third Indiana occupying the right of our brigade. Sent out forty pickets and two officers to cover our

