
front. My line much exposed to sharpshooters. About 10 o'clock sharp firing was [heard] on the left of our brigade. We extended the line of breast-works on the right. Tuesday, May 31, I had the brigade pioneers build me a breast-works. Some brisk skirmish firing on my left during the night. Our pickets were relieved by the Seventeenth Indiana, of First Brigade of our division.

Wednesday, June 1, about 12 o'clock got orders to get ready to march, and in a few minutes got orders to fall in. I gave these orders to company commanders; was misunderstood and regiment left breast-works; ordered them back; marched about 12 p.m., and went to the left of our line about three miles, and went into camp on the right of the road in column of division; camped at 6 p.m. Thursday, June 2, got ready and marched about 1 p.m. about two miles, and formed in line of battle on the left of the road and on the left of the brigade, and threw up breast-works. While building this line of works we were shelled by the enemy, and a piece of shell struck me on the forehead just over the left eye,and was very much stunned. It bled profusely; went back to hospital and had the wound dressed by Doctor Bence. Friday, June 3,this evening the regiment moved with the division more to the left and front of our late position, turning the enemy's right flank in part; no fighting; the rebels deserting their works and falling back. The news is that General Stoneman occupies the Marietta and Atlanta pass. Marietta is on the railroad leading to Atlanta. Saturday, June 4, I joined the regiment this morning for duty. By order of General Butterfield, of this date, company cooks are to be detailed, and fresh meat is to be boiled instead of fried or broiled. Two men from each company detailed as company cooks to carry camp kettles and do company cooking and excused from other duty. About 1 p.m. moved about three-quarters of a mile and occupied the breast-works made last night by some of Cox's and Hovey's division, Twenty-third Army Corps, and went into camp for the night. Sunday, June 5, we lay in camp all day. Sunday inspection of arms, accouterments, and ammunition at 12 m.; drew 6,000 elongated ball cartridges; all quiet; the enemy reported to be gone. Monday, June 6, this morning at 3.30 received orders to get ready to march in twenty minutes; obeyed, but did not get on the march until nearly 6 a.m. We marched in rear of brigade to-day on the right of the road,and along the wagon train and artillery of our division. Marched about four miles, and stopped in a field on the left of the road for about three hours. At 3 p.m.moved on to the front about a mile; formed in line on left of road on and old road and near small creek with miles on it; rebels supposed to be near; stacked arms and built works twelve paces in our front; got twelve shovels, seven picks, an six axes of Captain Kellam, returned them by Lieutenant Freeland about dark; also got some tools of Lieutenant McKnight, pioneer corps, which I returned at dark; all quiet to-night; said to be nine from Marietta, twenty miles from the Chattahoochee River, and twenty-eight miles from Atlanta; Lost Mountain, five miles distant, is where the enemy is said to be. Tuesday, June 7, staid here until about sundown and moved to the left of our brigade, and had great annoyance and trouble in getting into position,owing to the batteries being in the way, and the space was to small Companies C and B had to be refaced and posted in rear. Wednesday, June 8, remained here all day; all quiet; large details for picket. Thursday, June 9, staid in camp all day; nothing

