
done except cleaning up guns; about 9 p.m. received orders to furnish brigade headquarters with list of articles of clothing wanted by the regiment. Friday, June 10, ordered to be ready to march at 9 a.m. Got ready at the appointed time, but remained all day under arms until about 5 p.m. when an order from division headquarters ordered us to make ourselves comfortable for the night. During the night the Fourth Church came up and formed in our front, which relieved all the pickets from the front of our brigade, except those [of] Nineteenth Michigan and Twenty-second Wisconsin. Saturday, June 11, ordered to be ready to march at 8 p.m.; remained under orders during the day, but did not march; built breast-works on a line nearly at right angles with our old line of breast-works; built an excellent line of works. June 12 and 13, there has been a continual rain,and very chilly, disagreeable weather. Evening of 13th, Companies B and C, who have been in reserve, were moved over to the near line of works. Tuesday, June 14, I had inspection of arms at 11 a.m. Detailed as division officer of day. Wednesday, June 15, marched about 2 p.m. and took the Sandtown road toward Marietta. The Twenty-third Corps on our left, drove the enemy from their position about one mile and a half, which was the cause of our advance. Relieved as division officer of the day by Colonel Case, First Brigade. I took command of the regiment and advanced about 5 p.m., in support of the First Brigade, and took position on hills in front of the enemy; about 9 o'clock relieved the First Brigade. Had difficult marching through the woods; considerable shelling, by the enemy; First Brigade lost heavily. The Nineteenth Michigan,of our brigade,lost Major Griffin killed and 40 men killed and wounded. Our brigade threw up earth-works during the night. Our position parallel to and within 300 yards of the rebel breast-works. Thursday, June 16, lay in our works all day; great firing of artillery and rebel sharpshooting. A new line of works was built in our rear by the Thirty-third Massachusetts. I was taken suddenly sick, and was sent to the rear, and in my absence Captain McCrea took command of the regiment. The enemy left their works on our immediate front about 2 a.m. last night and evacuated. We are said to be seven miles from Marietta. Friday, June 17, rejoined and took command of my regiment to-day. The brigade moved out on the Sandtown road about one mile and a half, went on the right,and formed in column of company and moved to the right and front, finally to the front, into an open field and threw up breast-works. Saturday, June 18, rained all day. Cannonading from six of our batteries over our lines all day; very dangerous; some of our shells bursting very near us. After 12 m. firing ceased, and remained quiet until morning, when our pickets kept up a sharp fire, and it was soon discovered that the enemy had left. Sunday, June 19, received orders to move. Moved about 9 a.m. off to the right. Passed the camp of the Twenty-third Corps and halted about one hour on the top of a hill in a heavy rain-storm, and finally moved on. Had a hard time crossing the stream in front, and had to wait for a bridge to be built out of rails. Finally crossed, and passed rebel works on the hill - very strong. Went on about one mile and a half, and stopped on left of the road in column of division, and rested about ten minutes. Moved on across another creek bridged with rails, and passed up hill,turned to the right into fields, went to the right about half a mile, and then moved to the front by right of company. The

