
division moved in mass by brigade, Third Division in front, First next, and Second in rear. Difficult to move; so much thick undergrowth; moved forward about half a mile. Company A was thrown out as skirmishers on our right. Changed front to rear on tenth company; afterward moved by the left flank and came into line by the left in rear of General Ward's brigade. Afterward moved to the left,and built breast-works. Lay there all night. Monday, June 20,about 9.30 a.m. moved to the ----,following Twenty-second Wisconsin. This regiment halted after passing Eighty-fifth Indiana. We passed on the left of the Twenty-second Wisconsin, and lay in the woods until about noon, then the line was moved forward so as to connect with General Geary. Built more works,and lay in them all night. Tuesday, June 21, about 10 a.m., relieved by some of General Kimball's brigade, Fourth Corps, and moved across as follow to the rear of Third Brigade and went into camp here. About 4 p.m. sent out six companies from the left of the regiment. About 5 p.m. moved to the front again with the four remaining companies and joined the Twenty-second Wisconsin on my right and Fourth Corps on left. Built breast-works till 12 midnight. Wednesday, June 22, moved out of breast-works about 12 m.; joined Twenty-second Wisconsin on left; moved forward on right of hollow between ours and the Fourth Corps; advanced on the enemy about 1.30 p.m.; moved forward past our skirmish line - skirmishers from Fourth Corps; they staid back and would not advance in front of us; sharp firing by rebel pickets; advanced across a road within sixty or seventy yards of a ridge where rebel pickets were stationed; here we did not connect with Fourth Corps on the left by 500 or 600 yards; the enemy,observing this, moved rapidly to our left, and intended to think to flank us and nearly succeeded. On receiving this information, I communicated it to Colonel Coburn. He directed me to send out intelligent men to discover if this was true. I sent my adjutant, Lieutenant Porter, with instructions to take two or three men with him and to send them out, and when they returned to report this observation to me; in the mean time I moved by the left flank a little to the left and rear until my left crossed the road above spoken of here. The enemy opened a very destructive fire on Companies I and D, who were on my left, since I had but four companies with me (the six remaining companies of the regiment being still on the skirmish line). The enemy had moved their skirmishers to their right and across our front and thereby had a raking,flanking fire on my men. As my skirmishers were still out,and as I supposed the skirmishers of the Fourth Corps were also there, I restrained my men from firing and ordered them to lie down. Shortly afterward the Eighty-fifth Indiana and Nineteenth Michigan were brought forward and joined my left; the Nineteenth Michigan joined my left. We immediately went to work, got rails, and with these and bayonets and tin pans to dig with the men rapidly threw up a work which saved them from the bullets of the enemy. We lay here until about 6.30 p.m., when we were relieved by the Sixty-third [?] Ohio, of the Fourth Corps. We then marched across the valley and up the hill in our rear along our lines, and to the right of our lines about two miles, halting several times; finally went into the woods on the left of the road and stacked arms, made a little coffee, and lay down about 10 p.m. My men were very tired, having had a three day's and nights' siege of building breast-works and losing sleep. About 2.30 o'clock were ordered up and marched about three-quarters

