
joined the command. May 1, resumed our march and reached Shellmound, where the One hundred and forty-first New York Volunteers joined the brigade, completing my command. May 2, resumed the march, taking the route over Whiteside's and Lookout Mountain, joining the balance of the corps at Chattanooga on the 3rd of May. The next day we took up our march toward Ringgold, where we arrived on the 5th, camping near Pleasant Grove Church and preparing the command for active field duty. May 7, broke camp at daybreak and started in the direction of Anderson (Trickum) Post-Office, parking the train at Nickajack Gap, nothing but ambulances, ammunition train, and wagons with intrenching tools following the troops. Reached Anderson Post-Office that day and camped there until 1 a. m. May 10, when we marched to Snake Creek Gap and camped for the night. May 11, my brigade was ordered to occupy a high ridge called Horn Mountain, where the troops constructed breast-works. On the next day we resumed our march toward Resaca, reaching the field of operations on the 13th of May, while McPherson was engaged with the enemy, forming on the left of General Butterfield's division. At about 6 p. m. my brigade advanced one mile and rested during the night, forming the third line of battle. May 14, the brigade moved at 5.30 a. m. about one mile to the left and lay in reserve until 4 p. m., when the enemy attacked the Fourth Corps, and the division was ordered to their support. The brigade went in double-quick time, but when it reached the battle-field the assistance of the brigade was not required, the enemy having been repulsed by the Third Brigade of this division. We took position for the night on the left of General Stanley's division, my brigade forming the right of this division, where we remained until 2 p. m. on the 15th, when we advanced in double-quick time to engage the enemy. We found him in position, strongly intrenched and awaiting our attack. I formed my brigade in line of battle on the left of Colonel Wood's brigade, of the Third Division of this corps, under a heavy fire of the enemy. After completing my formation, I ordered an advance of my line to the top of a wooded ridge, distance some fifty yards, and ordered it to lie down and await my further orders. Colonel Logie, commanding One hundred and forty-first New York Volunteers, being on the extreme right of the brigade, mistook the order for an order to charge the enemy's position and passed beyond the ridge with his regiment into an open field, where he sustained considerable loss in killed and wounded. The enemy seeing this regiment in the exposed position, opened with his artillery from two forts on our right and left front. I at once directed this regiment to lie down and wait further orders. I could not recall this regiment to its position in the line, as this would have brought them under a heavy fire of both artillery and musketry. I could, however, protect them in their position by the balance of the brigade in case the enemy should make a charge upon them through the open field. In the course of about half an hour the enemy did make a charge, advancing in several lines with colors flying and extending entirely across the field. I ordered my command to lie quiet and await my orders. I waited until the enemy had advanced to within 150 yards, when I gave the order to rise up and fire. This order was promptly obeyed, and in less than half an hour the field in my front did not contain a living rebel. My casualties in this engagement were - Captain E. L. Witman, of the Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, acting assist-

