
of a mile to the right and came to the rear of General Knipe's brigade; lay down again about 3 o'clock and slept till morning. In the above engagement I omitted to state that the enemy attempted to advance and turn our flank after we were joined by the Eighty-fifth Indiana and Nineteenth Michigan. My two right companies - and, in fact, my whole command, - poured into the rebels such a destructive and effective fire that the enemy were glad to retreat to their first position on the ridge running parallel to our first line and the line of the Twenty-second Wisconsin. In this engagement my men behaved with great bravery and fortitude,not being allowed to fire at the first and being themselves exposed to a flank fire of the enemy. My loss was (out of the four companies) 23 killed and wounded; 1 officer killed, Adjutant Porter, and 1 officer, Lieutenant Chandler, Company D, slightly wounded in the foot. By Adjutant Porter's death I lost a warm and personal friend and an intelligent, high-minded officer, eminently qualified for the position he filled. He discharged every duty promptly and efficiently. His loss is reply felt by the regiment and I feel I cannot supply his place. Thursday, June 23, about 9.30 o'clock, the remaining six companies of the regiment came up and joined me, and we then moved to the rear into the woods about one-quarter of a mile and went into camp; remained here about an hour and was ordered to move. The brigade then marched to the right, my regiment in front about half a mile. Here we remained in column of division on the right of the road about an hour,and then marched into a hollow and went back to the left and front on a road through the woods, and after going about three-quarters of a mile came out opposite the position we occupied last night and on the crest of a hill in an open field. Here we threw up breast-works out of rails, and finally got some shovels and picks. The men were exposed to a fire from the sharpshooters and pickets of the enemy, but worked so diligently that they soon had an earth-work that protected them. They are entitled to the highest praise for their bravery and industry, placed as they were in a very exposed position. We remained here all night. In the afternoon, the order being to advance, the work was ordered to be stopped, but in an hour afterward it was again resumed, as the advanced was not made. Foxworthy, Company H, and Rourke, Company F, severely wounded by sharpshooters. Friday, June 24, remained here all day. In the afternoon the companies put up traverses; sent up report of amount of ammunition drawn during month of June to division officer. To-night my men worked at strengthening the rifle-pits; all quiet, except heavy picket-firing; Edwards, Company C, killed and Farr, Company H, wounded by sharpshooters. Saturday, June 25, heavy sharpshooting by the enemy this morning; Francis, Company C, badly wounded in the neck; ordered to clean up guns and accouterments, to be ready for general inspection as soon as possible. About 1 p.m. heavy skirmishing was heard on our immediate right in the Twenty-third Corps, and the regiment was twice got in readiness to repel an attack that might occur in our front; firing ceased presently. To-night the men, having a better opportunity than in the daytime, worked on their arms. About 10 o'clock picket-firing almost ceased, and the pickets of the enemy and our got into, conversation. Sunday, June 26, about 3.30 o'clock, ordered to stand to arms until daylight, as an attack is expected; got everything in readiness; men and officers in proper places behind the works. All became quiet at

