
5 a. m. except sharpshooting; some cannonading in the latter part of the afternoon by the Twenty-third Corps, on our right; they advanced some. About 9 p. m. relieved by the One hundred and second Illinois, First Brigade, moved one-quarter of a mile to the right and rear and camped for the night. Monday, June 27, about 7 a. m. got orders to relieve the Third Brigade; Thirty-third on the right of Twenty-second Wisconsin; heavy cannonading all the morning up to noon. I understand the Second Division has advanced considerably to the front; perhaps on the prolongation of our line took only left wing of the regiment with the right wing. Wednesday, June 29, right wing still left in breast-works, because I expected the other part of the regiment would be ordered on picket. Thursday, June 30, relieved the right wing with the left.

Friday, July 1, ordered to fill up space between my right and Second Division; took Companies C, I, and D. In the evening relieved by the First Brigade, except Company F, who out as pickets. Our regiment and brigade moved back to the rear on Atlanta and Marietta road, the Thirty-third Indiana on the right, at the White house. Saturday, June 2, lay here all day; received orders for inspection at 10 o'clock to-morrow; 160 men and 3 officers detailed for picket. Owing to some mistake the division officer did not come after the picket. The picket lay here until nearly 10 p. m. at night, but was finally marched off by Captain Scott, Company I, brigade officer of the day. During the night received orders to strike tents and be ready to move at a moment's notice. Marched on the Marietta and Powder Springs road. Passed through the enemy's works about two miles from our lines, the enemy having evacuated during the night. The rebel works were very strong and were protected by abatis. Strong bastions were erected on the right of the road. Our shots, both of artillery and musketry, seemed to have had terrible effect among the rebels. Marched about a mile beyond, where the rebels commenced shelling us. Shortly afterward we moved forward and our brigade formed on the Sandtown road and covering our regimental front; Company A was sent out. Marched along the Sandtown to the left, and crossed the road; went about 100 yards and a halt was ordered and the men rested about ten minutes. Ordered on to the Sandtown road; went on until we came up with General Geary's division; passed them, and after going about one mile and half saw skirmishing with the enemy and some of General Geary's men, and thought we could see rebel wagons moving on about two miles. We finally came up with the rebels strongly posted on a range of hills. Our brigade, being in advance, was as skirmishers, Twenty-second Wisconsin and Eighty-fifth Indiana in first, and Thirty-third Indiana in second line,and the Nineteenth Michigan as skirmishers. My regiment threw up a breast-work of rails and earth-works very rapidly, and were shelled during their work by the enemy. My regiment was formed on the left of the road, just in the edge of the woods, and was not seen by the enemy as plainly as the rest of the brigade. None of my men were hurt by the rebel shells, although many exploded over and near us. One out

26 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT II

