
of the Nineteenth Michigan and 2 out of the Eighty-fifth Indiana were wounded. We lay here about six hours without any support from the other divisions of our corps. About 5 p. m. were relieved by General Morgan's brigade, Fourteenth Corps, and marched to

the rear about half a mile and then marched to our right about mile and came up with General Geary's, and here were circled around to the right about one mile and a half, and camped for the night. I have to record that I never experienced a more hot and sultry day. My men were nearly all worn out and one-half of them having been on picket the night before. Camped in an open field in line. Our division took about 200 prisoners and deserters to-day. Monday, July 4, we are now on the right of the Fourteenth Corps on the Sandtown road, about seven or eight miles from Marietta, and about eight or nine miles from the Chattahoochee River. At 2 p. m. moved to the east and south about two and a half miles, and camped for the night about 5 p. m. But a short time after halting the whole division was thrown into an alarm and excitement by the report that the rebels were advancing on us, and very regiment pitched in hastily and strained every nerve to make a breast-work. The alarm proved to be false. About sundown we found out that the Sixteenth Corps skirmishers, whose line was almost perpendicular to ours, were the cause of the alarm. Tuesday, June 5, marched by the left flank about 9.30 o'clock and marched back on the road we came yesterday three-quarters of a mile, then bore of to the east and came up with First Division train, and halted in a mile and again halted for dinner. Marched about 3.30 in southeast course; crossed Nickajack Creek; until 7 o'clock crossing steep hills and ridges; camped in line of battle in rear of First Division. 6th to the 17th of July, during this time the regiment was encamped near the Chattahoochee River, resting and recruiting. Inspector Crawford, assistant adjutant-general in place of Captain Kellam, brigade inspector, who was unable, from severe illness, to act. During this time there was but very little firing on our picket-line, which was on the west side and bank of the Chattahoochee River. the firing was entirely stopped and the men of the enemy and our own carried on quite a trade and traffic in tobacco and coffee, &amp;c., and the truce was faithfully observed and maintained by all. From the accounts of the enemy, their enlisted men are universally tired of the war and will be glad of peace on any terms. During this time a great many have deserted and come into the lines. They all tell the same story about the desire of peace and the gloom and despondency prevailing in the rebel camp.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEV. T. MILLER,

Major Thirty-third Indiana Volunteers, Commanding Regiment

Lieutenant F. C. CRAWFORD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 20th Corps.

HDQRS. THIRTY-THIRD Regiment INDIANA INFANTRY, VOLS., In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., July 27, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Thirty-third Regiment Indiana Infantry Volunteers in

