
the operations of Second Brigade, Third Division, and Twentieth Corps, Army of the Cumberland, since the 17th day of July, 1864, up to this date:

On the 17th day of July the regiment was encamped near Vining's Station, on the north side of the Chattahoochee River. On the morning of the 17th I received orders to be ready to march at 3 p. m. The regiment moved about 4.30 p.m., marching in rear of the brigade. The route of march was along the late lines of the Army of the Cumberland--the Twentieth, Fourteenth, and Fourth Corps-in a northeast direction. The regiment reached the Chattahoochee River about 9 p. m. and crossed over on two pontoon bridges, the front rank men going to the right and the rear rank men to the left, in order to make the passage as speedily as possible. This was at Smith's Ford, as I was informed. The distance from our camp to this point was about three and a half miles. The river here was said to be 150 yards wide. Marched about three and a half miles after crossing and encamped for the night on the crest of a rocky ridge in column of division on the left of the road. After crossing the river the march was north of east. The regiment was very tired owing to marching in rear of the brigade and because it was difficult to tell, owing to the night, where the brigade had halted for two hours, waiting for a bridge to be built across Nancy's Creek, a small steam which empties into Peach Tree Creek. Just before moving on the cross, the road was cleared of troops to let the artillery pass, but the order to move came before the artillery came hurrying along, breaking the ranks, and scattering the regiment considerably. One piece of artillery was run against a tree and it took some time to extricate it. After crossing the creek we marched up a large hill close to where there had been a mill of some kind and there were several other small buildings here. On the opposite slope of the hill the brigade formed in column of division and in two lines of battle, Thirty-third and Eighty-fifth Indiana in front line, Nineteenth Michigan and Twenty-second Wisconsin in second line, and advanced in this formation a mile and a half until we struck the Buck Head and Decatur road. After getting on this road the march was by column of company or platoons, according to the width of the road, and finally by the right flank. We finally came up with a portion of our own and the Fourth Corps. After reaching what I understood to be the suburbs of Buck Head, we filed to the right, went about three-quarters of a mile into the woods off the road and after considerable maneuvering finally camped for the night in two lines of battle, the right wing supporting the left. During the 19th of July the regiment remained all day in camp and rested, though under orders to be ready to march at a movement's warning. About 2 o'clock on the morning of the 20th received orders to be ready to march by daylight. I had the regiment up and got breakfast, packed knapsacks, and was all ready for the march. We moved out about 7 a. m. The brigade marched out through the woods past an old saw-mill to a main road about half a mile and halted ten or fifteen minutes, then countermarched back about a quarter of a mile and took an old road leading more to the right. Marched on this until we struck a dense pine thicket, and after halting half an hour about faced, marched to the rear and more to

