
the left, and finally came to Peach Tree Creek, at the place where the Fourth Corps had crossed the day before. This was about 1 o'clock that we reached the crossing.

THE BATTLE OF PEACH TREE.

The division crossed and each brigade was formed in column of division in mass in rear of Newton's division, of the Fourth Corps, which was already across, in position, and fortified. After resting a short time, a regiment of skirmishers was thrown out from each brigade to cover its front. I think, however, this was only done by the Second and Third Brigades, as it is my understanding that the First Brigade, being in rear, did not get up in time, and that the whole division front was covered by skirmishers from the other two brigades. I was informed that our division was to fill up a gap between the right of the Fourth Corps and the left of the Second Division of the Twentieth Corps, and that the First and Second Divisions of the Twentieth Corps were already across the creek, in position and fortified. After sending out and advancing the skirmishers, the Third Brigade deployed on the Fourth Corps, the Second (our brigade) on the Third Brigade, and, after crossing the creek and getting up to us, the First Brigade on our right, making, I believe, close connection with Second Division. This deployment was made in the bottom along the south side of Peach Tree Creek in rear of two ridges that ran for the most part almost parallel to the creek. The first ridge was not quite so high as the one beyond it, and was covered by a dense growth of small oaks and pines and briers. Beyond this about 300 yards was a large longer ridge, bare of trees, which had been cultivated. A cross-road from the creek to the main road to Atlanta ran on its crest. Between the two ridges was a deep ditch, five or six feet wide. Small oaks and pines grew along the banks. There was a mill on the creek about the right of the First Brigade. About 3.30 p. m. our skirmishers, the Twenty-second Wisconsin, having reached and temporarily fortified the crest of the second ridge, had halted and had driven the enemy's skirmishers all the time from the time they advanced after crossing the creek. At this time there was very little skirmishing, and comparative quiet prevailed. Each brigade was in two lines of battle. Our brigade was immediately behind the right of the first ridge. Ten or fifteen minutes afterward Private Henry Crist, Company I, Thirty-third Indiana, having been out to the skirmish line, returned and reported to the brigade commander that the enemy was advancing on us in two lines of battle and in heavy force. This information was taken immediately to division headquarters by Colonel Coburn himself. He shortly returned. Before going to division headquarters he gave the order for the brigade to fall in. The Thirty-third Indiana was in line when he returned. He informed me on his return that the men need not remain in line, as the information about the attack of the enemy was not regarded correct at division headquarters, and that it was only sharp skirmishing. Five minrapid that no room for doubt remained. The enemy was attacking us and in superior force. Colonel Coburn immediately ordered me to form my regiment and informed me that the brigade would advance immediately. I gave the necessary orders and the regiment moved forward with great difficulty on account of the dense growth

