
of pines and oaks before mentioned. After gaining the crest of the first ridge some one gave the command "Halt" in an authoritative manner, and I supposed it was the brigade commander or some one of his staff. The regiment halted by my command then, and straightened up the lines. I immediately saw the colonel on the right and in rear of the regiment, and asked if the command was to halt, and he said Numbers "Forward, Thirty-third," and forward the regiment went down the hill-side to the ravine between the two ridges. The ditch opposite the left wing was not so hard to cross, as it was opposite the right wing of the regiment, because in front of the right wing there were but few trees, while there were a great many opposite the left wing, which formed a great protection to the men in crossing. The left wing, therefore, crossed the ditch first. The right wing had considerable difficulty in getting across. As soon as possible I formed the left wing at the foot of the second ridge and along the bank of the ditch. Until this time my men had not been able to return the fire of the enemy, being engaged in crossing the ditch and forming. They now poured a rapid and well-directed fire into the enemy on the hill as they advanced. The enemy still kept advancing down upon us, and as I had at that time no support on my left, came very near flanking me on the left. I directed Captain J. C. Maze, commanding Company G, to form Companies G and B, faced to the left, as quick as possible and prevent the flank movement of the enemy. This he promptly did, and by a vigorous and determined fire and advance sent the rebels back to the crest of the hill faster, than they came. Captain Maze and Lieutenant Hollingsworth, of Company B, deserve action all through the engagement. I was very uneasy about the right wing, but I soon heard a shout and knew then that they had effected a crossing. As soon as they came up and the line formed, with the assistance of Lieutenant Crawford, acting assistant adjutant-general of the brigade, they joined me on the right of the left wing, and, with a yell that made the hills ring above the roar of artillery and musketry, the whole brigade dashed up the hill and drove the enemy from the temporary breast-work erected by the skirmishers of our brigade in the forenoon. On our way up my men captured a great many prisoners, but did not stop or fall out of the ranks to take them to the rear. After gaining the breast-work there was considerable confusion, owing to the fact that men from all regiments of the brigade became mixed up with each other in running up the hill. After we had gained the work and the rebels were in full retreat the advance line of the Third Brigade came up and joined us on the left. The First Brigade advanced with the Second the Twenty-second Wisconsin were in the ranks with my regiment, because when this regiment, as skirmishers, was forced to fall back they retreated to the ravine at the foot of the hill and came up with my left wing, doing good service as any of the men, although they were not with their regiment. After the line of the division was formed on the crest of the second ridge the enemy charged our lines three times and were repulsed every time with great loss to them and but little to us. As they ever had done on this campaign, the officers and men of the Thirty-third Indiana Volunteers behaved gallantry and well. They moved promptly and stood their ground while crossing the ravine referred to, although

