
they were then unable to return the murderous fire of the rebels on the opposite hill. My regiment went into this engagement about 380 strong-10 line officers and 370 enlisted men. My total loss was 91 killed and wounded-18 men killed and 69 enlisted men wounded, and 4 officers wounded. A full list of casualties accompanies this report. My company commanders report that their men took quite a number of prisoners and sent them to the rear; the aggregate number is 92. I turned over the Captain McKell, ordnance officer, Third Division, 150 captured arms taken from prisoners during the fight, and also afterward found in front of the regiment. Some of my men and some of the Nineteenth Michigan captured a rebel flag and gave it to some officer unknown to them to take care of, but have not been able to find out who the officer was further than that he is serving on the division staff. Early in this engagement my acting adjutant, Lieutenant McCullough, Company F, was severely wounded in the right arm. My thanks are due to Lieutenant Crawford for his services with the right wing during the charge. I consider it not outside military propriety to give my testimony as a regimental commander to the fact that but for the prompt action of Colonel Coburn in moving his brigade rapidly to the crest of the second ridge. and his efforts, promptly seconded by Colonel Harrison, of the First Brigade, the division would have been thrown into inextricable confusion and suffered a disastrous defeat; the division would have been forced back to the creek, which, though only thirty to forty feet wide, is too deep to be waded; that unless we had met the rebels just as we did and at the place we did, defeat and rout, I think, would most certainly have occurred. We had no position at all to stand and resist the large force and rapidly advancing attack that we being made by the enemy. During the night of the 20th part of the regiment worked nearly all night strengthening the temporary works referred to; rations were issued, and the men being very much exhausted, details were made to work all night, the remainder slept on their arms. We remained on the battle-field during the 21st, engaged in burying our own and the rebel dead. On the morning of the 22d, the enemy having evacuated, we moved out on the Buck Head and Atlanta road. The bands were heard way off to our left playing; officers and men were jubilant and in good spirits; the report was all through the division that the enemy had evacuated Atlanta. After moving about two miles we filed off to the right, and found by the firing of the advancing skirmishers that the enemy had only withdrawn into his line of entrancements around the city of Atlanta. The brigade finally went into position on the right of the Fourth Corps, my regiment being in reserve. Remained in reserve on the 23d. The details form the regiment were very heavy for picket. To-day Captain George L. Scott, commanding Company I, was killed almost instantly while on the picket-line as brigade officer of the day. I deeply mourn his loss. HE was a good officer, a brave man, a man of fine feelings, and generous almost to a fault. He was highly respected by both officers and the men of the regiment. He was always ready for duty. We remained the reserve of the brigade until the evening of the 25th, when we went out to the advanced line of works, built by details from the Thirty-third and other regiments of the brigade. The officers in charge of the construction of this work, and also the men, deserve especial credit for the secrecy and rapidly with which this line was built. I was on duty during the

