
day as division officer of the day, and neither the officers nor men of the picket reserve knew that the work was in progress until nearly dark, by which time it was a complete protection against musketry. During the ninth and forenoon of the next day, the 26th, the work was perfected. On the night of the 26th the regiment moved to the right and occupied the works built by the Third Brigade of our division on the 22nd instant. July 27, have not moved from our position of last night, except that four companies of the regiment are in the front line, on the right of the Twenty-second, under the immediate command of Captain Maze, Company G; the remaining six companies are in the second line of the right of the Nineteenth Michigan. The regiment is exposed to the shells of the enemy from three or four different batteries, but as yet no one has been hurt.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEV. T. MILLER,

Major 33rd Indian Infty. Vols., Commanding the Regiment.

Lieutenant F. C. CRAWFORD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 20th Corps.

HDQRS. THIRTY-THIRD Regiment INDIANA INFTY. VOLS., Atlanta, Ga., September 9, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders from division and brigade headquarters, September 5 and 8, 1864, I have the honor to make the following report of operations since my last report, July 27, 1864:

July 22, this morning it was discovered that the enemy had evacuated their position in our front and fallen back toward Atlanta. The Second Brigade moved about 9 o'clock on the Buck Head road toward the town, and marched about a mile and a half, when it filed to the right into open fields, our skirmishers having been met at this distance by those of the enemy, the Thirty-third Indiana in advance. The brigade moved in support of the First Brigade, Colonel Harrison. The formation of the brigade during the movement was by column of division in mass, right in front, our regiment in reserve, three regiments in front. The First Brigade went into position and the Second Brigade deployed to the left, and also went into position and fortified. The Thirty-third Indian remained in reserve. July 23, Captain George L. Scott, Thirty-third Indiana, commanding Company I, was killed on the picket-line while acting as brigade officer of the day. Captain Scott was a good officer, one of the best in the regiment, and his loss is deeply felt by his brother officers and his company. July 24 and 25, the regiment was engaged in building advanced works. On the evening of the 25th the regiment moved out to the new line and occupied it. July 26, the brigade was relieved by a portion of the Second Division of our corps and moved off about to the right, and took position in the second line lately occupied by the Third Brigade of our division. Colonel Wood. July 27, General Hooker, lately commanding our corps, having been relieved at his own request, was expected all day to pass along the lines and receive the adieus of his soldiers, but the gallant and chivalrous old soldier for some reason dod not visit the troops. Officers regret his leaving the army profoundly. The men are depressed, for they have great confidence in General

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties accompanying this report shows 1 officer and 18 men killed, and 4 officers and 69 men wounded; total, 92.

---------------

