
rear, and marched about 3 a. m. a mile and a half to the rear, and halted near division headquarters for breakfast; moved about sunrise on the Sandtown road to the Chattahoochee River, and struck the river at Turner's Ferry about 11 a. m. of the 26th day of August. The remainder of the brigade staid our old camp until about 9 p. m. and joined us about 4 o'clock in the morning. The Thirty-third Indiana worked on a line of breast-works laid off by Captain Kellam, inspector, and Lieutenant Johnson, topographical engineer, Second Brigade, for the whole brigade. On arriving at Turner's Ferry I divided the regiment into three equal parts, and put each detachment under charge of a captain, and stationed a detachment on the right, left, and center of the line of the brigade, and by night such was the industry with which my men worked that they had a very good line made all along the line. August 27, the regiment worked on the breast-works in the front, and a detachment also worked in the bottom on a space between the right of the regiment and the river. Details from the other regiments of the brigade also worked here. About 10 a. m., the enemy being reported on the Sandtown road and in sight, the men fell to with great energy to make their works as strong as possible. About noon the enemy commenced to shell us. Their battery was evidently stationed on the Sandtown road from the manner in which the shells came. No casualties occurred in the regiment except Lieutenant Slauter, Company K, was badly bruised by a fragment of a shell. The enemy soon retired, and was evidently in small force and was only trying to find our position. August 28, Captain Maze went out on a scout in charge of thirty men. He went two miles in our front and found no enemy. August 29, 30, and 31, remained in our present camp, the regiment working at the breast-works and getting ready for the regular muster for pay, August 31.

September 1, mustered to-day by Captain A. G. Kellam, mustering and inspecting officer for the Second Brigade, Third Division, Twentieth Corps. Received orders to-night to have four companies ready in light marching order at daylight, to go out with similar details from the brigade on a reconnaissance to-morrow and find out the position of the enemy; Companies B, G, K, and E, under the command of Captain E. T. McCrea, were detailed. September 2, the detail reported at the proper time, but was found insufficient to make up the number of men required, and another company was called for; Company H was ordered to get ready, but before it got in readiness the detachment from the brigade moved off and neither Company H nor Captain McCrea accompanied it, Lieutenant Freeland, Company B, being the only officer in charge of the detachment from the Thirty-third Indiana. About noon received orders from Colonel Coburn to send three more companies to the detachment of the brigade,and was informed that the city of Atlanta had been surrendered to Colonel Coburn, commanding Second Brigade, Third Division, Twentieth Corps, by the mayor and the city council, and the forces under Colonel Coburn's command occupied the city. At 8 p. m. received orders from General Ward, commanding the division, to take command of the remainder of the Second Brigade, then at Turner's Ferry, and report to Colonel Coburn at Atlanta early next morning. September 3, this mooring I took command of the remnants of the regiments and marched on the Sandtown road and reached Atlanta about 11 a. m. and reported to Colonel Coburn.

