
ant adjutant-general of this brigade, wounded in the right leg; Lieutenant John H. Knipe, of the same regiment, aide-de-camp, killed; 6 line officers wounded, 30 enlisted men killed, and 160 wounded; a total of 198.

May 16, the enemy having abandoned his position, we followed in pursuit; crossed the Connesauga River and halted for the night near the banks of the Coosawattee, which we crossed on the 17th, marching toward Cassville, in front of which town we arrived on the 19th, when we formed in line of battle on the left of Butterfield's division and commenced skirmishing with the enemy, steadily driving him back to the town of Cassville. My brigade lay in line of battle that night, building breast-works within one-half mile of Cassville. We marched into town on the 20th, and camped in and around the town until the 23d, when we again resumed the march at daybreak; crossed the Etowah, camping that night on the Euharlee Creek. May 24, moved at daybreak in the direction of Dallas, crossing the Pumpkin Vine Creek on the 25th, and, coming within one mile of Dallas, we were ordered to the left, where the Second Division of this corps had engaged the enemy. We made a forced march of about four miles, passing the Third and Second Divisions of this corps, and when near the enemy we formed in line by brigades, my brigade forming the third line. In this order the division moved steadily forward for about a mile, driving the enemy to his works. General Ruger's brigade relieved Colonel Robinson's, and mine that of Ruger's. Tow of my regiments, the Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers and One hundred and forty-first New York Volunteers, being on the right on the right of my brigade and nearest the enemy's breast-works, had exhausted their ammunition soon after dark, and were relieved by two regiments of Colonel Coburn's brigade, of the Third Division of this corps. The First Connecticut Veteran Volunteers and One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers held their positions until 4 o'clock in the morning of the 26th, when they were relieved by regiments of the Third Division also. This was a very gal and fight. Officers and men alike stood up to their work, flinching for a moments, and never abandoning a foot of ground they had so nobly gained. The enemy fought behind breast-works; we did not. The loss of the brigade in this fight was Captain Chasbro and Lieutenant Phillips, of the Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, killed; Colonel McDougall, of the One Hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers, mortally wounded; 8 line officers wounded, 13 enlisted men killed, 111 enlisted men wounded, and 2 missing; total, 137.

The brigade remained in reserve until June 1, when we moved to the left of the line, in rear of the Twenty-third Corps. On the 2nd we advanced about one and a half miles, and on the 3rd took position on a knoll in front of the enemy, throwing out the Fifth Connecticut Veteran Volunteers as skirmishers, who lost 5 wounded. The One hundred and forty-first New York Volunteers was ordered to relieved them on the 4th. On the 5th we marched about five miles in the direction of Marietta, and camped that night on McLean's plantation. Broke camp on the 6th at 5 a. m. and started on the Sandtown,road, halting at a point west of Pine Mountain, where we found the enemy strongly intrenched. We erected breast-works and staid at that point, where,with the exception of slight skirmishing, nothing of moment occurred until the morning of June 11, when we moved about one and a half miles to the left, connecting

