
Accompanying this report is a complete list of casualties of the regiments since the 2nd day of May up to the 2nd day of September, 1864.*

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEV. T. MILLER,

Major Thirty-third Regiment Indiana Infty. Vols., Commanding Regiment

Lieutenant F. C. CRAWFORD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier 3rd Div., 20th Corps.

Numbers 263.

Report of Colonel John P. Baird, Eighty-fifth Indiana Infantry, of operations May 21-July 13.

HDQRS. EIGHTY-FIFTH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLS., In the Field, near Atlanta, July 13, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Eighty-fifth Regiment Indiana Volunteers from the 21st day of May, 1864, to the present time:

On the 23rd day of May, 1864, the regiment broke camp near Cassville, Ga., and marched at 4 a. m.; crossed the Etowah River and went into camp about dark. On the 24th the regiment marched to Burnt Hickory and built breast-works and went into camp. On the 25th of May marched and crossed Pumpkin Vine Creek on the Dallas road. About 4 p. m. formed in line of battle by battalion ne masse in a forest near Dallas and marched forward about one mile, and then deployed in line of battle in rear of the Thirty-third Indiana, with Nineteenth Michigan on the left; marched forward in a line about 300 yards, halted in line with Nineteenth Michigan, and let the men lie down, the shelling of the enemy at this being very severe, and 1 officer and several men were wounded here. I was ordered to remain at this point, which I did till 3 a. m. May 26, when, by order of the colonel commanding the brigade, the regimental moved forward to the first line and took position to the left of the Thirty-third Indiana, relieving a regiment of another command, and built breastworks; being about 150 to 200 yards from the enemy works, put out skirmishers; our loss on the skirmish line here was pretty severe, owing to the close proximity of the works,; at dark my regiment was relieved and moved to the right in rear of the First Brigade, and the men slept on their arms. On the 27th moved up to the works occupied by First Brigade and remained there until the evening of 30th; we moved forward to a new line of works in our front, which we occupied until the 1st day of June; we were relieved and marched to the left and went into camp about sundown. During all this time we were constantly under fire, the skirmish line, sharpshooters, and occasional shelling causing several casualties. On the afternoon of the 2nd of June we marched still farther to the left in a drenching rain and late in the evening built breastworks in rear of General Schofield's line in supporting distance, under a very sharp and accurate fire from the enemy's batteries. On the 3rd day of June we marched to the left to New Hope Church, and went into camp in rear of General Schofield's line at night.

---------------

*Shows 2 officers and 27 men killed, 14 officers and 195 men wounded; total, 238.

---------------

