
On the 4th we moved forward and occupied General Schofield's works. My regiment went on picket at night. On the 6th day of June we moved to the left on the Marietta road some three miles and built works in single line at Mount Oliver Church, where we remained until the 15th day of June. Then the regiment moved forward on the Marietta road about two miles and formed in line of battle in rear of, and with orders to support, the First Brigade; marched in line about one mile and halted, the First Brigade, being engaged; in a short time received an order to relieve the Seventieth Indiana, of the First Brigade, with my regiment and Nineteenth Michigan, which I immediately did, under a terrific fire from a battery about 300 yards in our front, and which was protected by earth-works. I immediately had the men lie down, and put out a light skirmish line, covered by trees. The enemy at this point had very strong earth-works in our front about 300 yards, with the underbrush all cut down, giving them a fair view and at the same time furnishing an abatis of brush, through which it was almost impossible of march in line. We had out a single line, and but for darkness coming on must have suffered severely, but instructing my skirmishers not to fire unless advanced on, and keeping my men well down, my loss was very small, and the enemy ceased firing about 9 p. m. Considering the close range and open view it is almost miraculous that so much firing form the enemy did so little damage. Shortly after 10 p. m. I received an order from the colonel commanding to move out by the left flank, which I did without loss and, strangle to say without the enemy firing on us. My regiment was put in position on the left of the brigade by the colonel commanding; built breast-works and remained there (under occasional fire, which caused several casualties) till the morning of the 17th, when we moved forward front of the brigades, in line with Second Division; built breast-works in open field, which we occupied till the 19th, and again moved forward and at night built breast-works. On the 21st moved and built a new line a little in advance. During all this time we were moved forward and at night built breast-works. On the 21st moved and built a new line a little in advance. During all this time we were moved or less under fire, and lost in killed and wounded every day. On the 22nd day of June moved forward about one mile and were deployed in line in rear of Third Brigade, but very soon afterward were ordered to the front line to the left of Third Brigade and on the left of our brigade; the regiment advanced to the line in good order under a sharp musketry fire, and getting in position threw up slight works and put out a strong skirmish line. After remaining here about two hours we were relieved by Fourth Army Corps and moved to the right of the brigade, in rear Twenty-second Wisconsin Volunteers. Here we remained till late in the evening, and though in the second line, we were exposed to a shot-range musketry fire. In the evening we marched of he right some three miles in rear of the First Division till 3 o'clock; moved forward on the line about noon. 23d, moved to the right to Powder Springs road, and then moved forward about three-quarters of a mile and built works in sight of the enemy's skirmish works, which we occupied till 26th. We were relieved by the First Brigade. At this point we were constantly under fire, and had 2 officers wounded and several men. On the 3rd day of July we moved forward to within a short distance of Marietta, then moved down the Sandtown road, reconnoitering in line of battle some two or three miles; here moved by flank some three miles farther, and took position in an open field on a small

