
hill, Nineteenth Michigan on our right, with my left refused. The enemy soon opened on us with a battery and with a very accurate aim. I put the men down flat on side of the hill and suffered but little loss, but the heat and want of water caused great suffering to the men. We threw up some works here, and were relieved about 4 p. m. by the Fourteenth Army Corps, and moved to the right and here went into camp. July 4, moved two miles to the right and here went into camp. July 4, moved two miles to the right, threw up light works, and went into camp at night. On July 6 moved to this point, three miles from Chattahoochee River, and went into camp, where we have remained to this time.

Where all have done their duty it would be invidious to make distinction. I wish to return to Lieutenant-Colonel Crane my thanks for the invaluable assistance he has rendered me in this campaign, for to express my high regards for him as officer; and I also return my thanks to my staff and line officers generally for their efficiency and good conduct and bravery; and to the men no praise can be too high for the bravery and patient,uncomplaining endurance they show in this almost unparalleled campaign. The musical corps of my command deserve great credit for their conduct in the field, carrying off not only the dead and wounded of my regiment, but from other commands near them, and always being up with the command when wanted, exposing themselves to fire like soldiers in the ranks. Appended is a full list* of the killed, wounded and missing of my command since my last report.

Respectfully,

J. P. BAIRD,

Colonel Eighty-fifth Indiana Infantry.

Lieutenant F. C. CRAWFORD,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 264.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Alexander B. Crane, Eighty-fifth Indiana Infantry, of operations July 17-27.

SIR: I report herein the actions and casualties of the Eighty-fifth Regiment Indiana Infantry from July 27, 1864.

The regiment broke camp July 17, 1864, on the north side of the Chattahoochee, and, with the brigade, moved over the river at Pace's Ferry, and camped about 11 p. m. that night in mass, through woods, moving slowly until about 7 p. m., when deployed to right of Nineteenth Michigan, and retired from it in a thick wood and camped in line of battle. July 19, remained here all day under orders to march. July 20, had orders to march at daybreak, but moved with brigade about 7 a. m., with 278 enlisted men and 16 field, staff, and line officers for field service, through woods slowly and upon different routes until 10.30 a. m., when the whole division was massed in a corn-field near Peach Tree Creek. About 12 m. the brigade was moved to right and formed in like to right of Third Brigade under a sharp skirmish fire. The Eighty-fifth was formed

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

