
on the right of the Thirty-third Indiana, with the First Brigade upon my right, the line being on the south side of an open piece of ground, and in front of the Eighty-fifth Regiment was a small hill covered with undergrowth of pines, then farther on another similar slope, then a deep ravine full of tangled wood. This ravine was some 350 yards form where the line was formed. It had steep banks about thirty feet high. Then beyond the ravine was rising ground partly covered with sassafras brush and partly clear for 200 yards to a road running east and est. About 3 p. m. our picket-line, being fired upon sharply and a report that the enemy were advancing, Colonel Coburn, commanding brigade, gave orders to move forward the line to first slope and halt. I moved the Eighty-fifth Regiment forward with the line and halted upon the first slope. Just as I halted Lieutenant Crawford, at the left of my regiment, motioned me forward, he being where he could see the Thirty-third, upon my left in the woods. I moved forward to next hill and halted regiment at the command "Halt" from the left of line. Lieutenant Crawford, acting assistant adjutant-general of brigade, again motioned me forward. I moved forward, and just as the regimental was approaching the ravine the enemy could be seen upon the hill beyond. The enemy charging down the rise in front. here the fight began in earnest, and under cover of the bank my regiment poured a deadly and continuous fire into the enemy, who were within fifty feet of the front of the regiment, seemingly in a large unorganized mass, pushing forward, and were evidently surprised to find our lines so near them. The fight continued here for about twenty minutes, when the enemy broke and fled, leaving a great number of dead and wounded. The regiment, then, with the whole line charged up to the road some 200 yards and continued to pour a deadly fire into their retreating masses as they retired down the hill and up another into the woods. We in this charge became mingled up with the Thirty-third Indiana and also the Nineteenth Michigan, which was in my rear some twenty feet, and had joined in my line in the holding the road and repelling one or two attempted charges of the enemy, they continuing the keep up a heavy infantry fire from the woods until dark. At dark I drew my regiment from the road, and, by orders, formed a second line some forty feet in the rear and built works. The loss of the enemy must have been very heavy in front of the Eighty-fifth Indiana. The ground was strewn with their dead and wounded. My line officers all did their whole duty, and entered the fight with spirit and bravery. I cannot single any one out by name without injustice to the others. I am obliged to them all for their assistance, and the country will honor such of its sons in history. The men stood to the work and shot coolly, effectually, with unyielding stubbornest and courage. Adjt. H. L. Tillotson, of my regiment, performed the labor of a field officer well with judgment, and cool bravery. I take pleasure in speaking of Lieutenant F. C. Crawford, acting astound adjutant-general of the brigade. He saw fit to fight with my regiment, and gave me great assistance by his gallantry, coolness, and foresight, especially in seizing quickly the proper position and urging the regiment through the ravine. The

