
regiment owes him much, perhaps many lives, since we met the enemy so well covered as to lose but very lightly compared to the other regiments engaged, although we met them within fifty feet of our front. I mention Private Thomas J. Williamson, Company A, who, when his company charged up to the road, picket up a rebel flag. waved it several times, and threw it down and went on with the regiment, which flag was picket up by some straggler probably. When asked why he threw it down, said he could not carry it and fire his gun. The flag was seen in his hands by quite a number of officers and men. July 21, we remained in same position. July 22, the regiment moved forward with brigade toward Atlanta until about 10 a. m. when the regiment was placed in line upon a hill to left and joining First Brigade, with the Twenty-second Wisconsin on its left, and built works, being at intervals under a shelling fire of the enemy. The regiment remained here July 23, 24, 25, and until the evening of the 26th, when we moved to rear of Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, where we now are. Appended is a complete list of casualties during the time covered.* I entered the fight upon the 20th with 278 enlisted men, 14 like and 1 staff and 1 field officer.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. CRANE,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighty-fifth Indiana Infantry, Commanding.

Colonel COBURN,

Commanding Second Brigadier, Third Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 265.

Reports of Major Jefferson E. Brant, Eighty-fifth Indiana Infantry, of operations May 2-July 17 and July 28-September 2.

HEADQUARTERS EIGHTY-FIFTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS, Atlanta, Ga., September 23, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Eighty-fifth Indiana Volunteers in the Georgia campaign from May 2 to July 17, inclusive.

Before proceeding with the report it is due from me to state that the regiment was command during that time by Colonel John P. Baird (now at home, having resigned). His reports of operations, I understand, were forwarded, but form some cause have been lost. As soon as I can obtain copies of his reports, I shall ask the privilege of placing them on file, as a matter of justice to Colonel Baird and the regiment.

On the 2nd day of May the regiment was camped in Lookout Valley, Tenn., resting from a march of twelve days form La Vergne, Tenn. On the 3rd the regiment marched with the brigade from there to the Chickamauga battle-ground, where it went into camp. On the 4th moved to near Gordon's Mills, where it camped for the night, and on the 5th moved to a place called Leet's Tannery, where it was deployed in line in an open field on the left of the brigade, and temporary works were constructed, behind which the regiment

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 3 men killed, 1 officer and 34 men wounded, and 3 men missing; total, 41.

---------------

