
camped for the night. On the 6th moved to Dogwood Valley, where, after being deployed in line, the regiment advanced to the crest of a ridge of the same name, covered with woods and thick underbrush. Here the regiment was halted, being formed in the right center of the brigade. Works were constructed facing toward Buzzard Roost, which was distant about four miles, and the regiment went into camp . Remained here doing heavy picket duty until the 11th of May, when the regiment, with the brigade, moved to Snake Creek Gap, distant seventeen miles, and went into camp near the south end. Details were immediately sent of work in marking a double-track road for the wagons. On the afternoon of the 12th the regiment, with the Nineteenth Michigan and Twenty-second Wisconsin, marched three miles and camped in the rear of General McPherson's command. On the 13th marched at daylight, and in the afternoon went into position on the right of the brigade, and Companies A and B, Captains Sherman and Brooks commanding, were deployed as skirmishers. About dusk in the evening the regiment, with brigade, moved to the left and front near one mile and a half, and encamped for the night in the rear of a part of the Fourteenth Army Corps. May 14, the regiment moved forward a few hundred yards, relieving a regiment of the Fourteenth Army Corps, and built works on the right of the brigade, working by reliefs until about 3 o'clock in the morning of the 15th of May. Early on the morning of the 15th the regiment was in motion and moved some two and a half miles to the left, passing the Fourteenth, Fourth, and Twenty-third Corps, and was formed on the first line of the brigade on the right of the Nineteenth Michigan and immediately in the rear of the First Brigade of the First Division. Here the regiment was ordered to unsling knapsacks and prepare to support the First Brigade, then about to make a charge on the enemy's works. The advance was made across a ravine and up the ascent of a small ridge through a thick undergrowth of timber and brush. While so doing the regiment was thrown into some confusion by having to pass through five or six columns of the Second Division, moving by the left flank, and over several lines of battle that were lying down awaiting orders. Gaining the crest of the ridge the regiment met a terrific storm of grape and canister from the enemy's guns placed on works on the ridge beyond, between which was an open field in the valley, yet the regiment moved bravely forward, but owing to the confusion created, as before stated, and a misapprehension of orders, the left and right wings of the regiment got separated, the left rabidly moving obliquely across the Resaca road under a terrific fire, and a portion of the right moving directly up to the enemy's works, some of the men with the Nineteenth Michigan and Twenty-second Wisconsin gaining the works. here Private William A. Richardson, of Company D, was mortally wounded while doing so, attracting the attention of all around by his bravery; also Corporal Andrews, of same company. In obedience to orders, that portion of the right wing near the enemy's works was withdrawn, and after some difficulty, owing to the nature of the ground and the number of men engaged, the regiment was refereed on the left of the Resaca road where it remained until evening under a heavy fire from the enemy's skirmishers and sharpshooters. Late in the evening the regiment was moved by the right flank a few hundred yards and the men rested upon their arms for the night. Details were sent out during the night to assist in build-

