
ing works, but they were not needed, as in the morning the enemy was gone. It is due here to say that during this engaged both officers and men showed true courage and coolness in the thickest of the fire during the charge. For list of casualties, I refer you to the list already forwarded. On the morning of the 16th the regiment, with the brigade, moved forward, crossing the railroad north of Resaca and the Connesauga River northeast of the place on a temporary bridge left standing by the enemy. About 11 o'clock at night arrived at the Coosawattee River, and after some delay succeeded in crossing, which was done by 2 o'clock in the morning, and went into camp, the men being much worn down by the marching and hard work performed. On the 17th moved forward, Companies A, D, E, and H being detailed as ordnance train guard for the day. At 10 p. m. went into camp. On the 18th marched toward Cassville, the advance in our front finding the enemy. The regiment was formed with brigade to meet an attack, should one be made. After remaining in line some time, the regiment, with the Thirty-third Indiana, was sent back two miles and stationed as guards on a road intersecting the one to Cassville on the right. On the morning of the 19th rejoined the brigade, and, with the Thirty-third Indiana, was ordered of hold the Cassville road and fortify it. At 2 p. m. moved forward and advanced in support of the Nineteenth Michigan, then warmly skirmishing with the enemy, and supporting Company C, First Ohio Artillery. After the troops in front had moved forward and driven the enemy out of Cassville the regiment advanced to the crest of a hill overlooking the town and threw up works, which occupied a portion of the night. Here the regiment was again under fire and showed its usual coolness, but fortunately losing none in killed or wounded, being reserve.d During the night, although the enemy was in strong force and position on the hills beyond the town, they evacuated. On the 20th the regiment moved with the brigade about one mile west of Cassville and went into camp, where it remained resting until the 23rd of May. At 4 a. m. on the 23rd of May the regiment, with the brigade, marched, crossing the Etowah River during the afternoon of the same day, and went into camp for the night about one mile south of the river. At 7.30 o'clock on the 24th moved forward again, crossing the Allatoona Hills and camping for the night about one mile and a half northeast of Burnt' Hickory, where temporary works were constructed. On the 25th day of May the regiment, with the brigade, moved toward Dallas, crossing Pumpkin Vine Creek about 2 p. m. About 4 p. m. went into position massed in close column by division in the second line, on the right of the Twenty-second Wisconsin. In a short time, in obedience to orders, the regiment, with brigade, was advanced, retaining this position for about one mile through a thick woods, over hills and ravines, yet moving with marked regularity. Being in reserve to support the Thirty-third Indiana, the regiment was halted near the crest of and behind the cover of a small ridge, where the men were ordered to lie down and wait until further orders. Here we were under heavy, fire from the enemy's artillery while the lines in our front were hotly engaged with the enemy at close range. Here the regiment lost 1 officer and 6 men wounded. Night coming on ended the contest and the regiment remained in this position until 2 o'clock in the morning of the 26th, when it was ordered forward through the almost impenetrable brush and darkness and relieved a regiment of the Second Division on the front

