
line, where works had been commenced, which the men immediately completed. At down of day sharp skirmishing commenced, the enemy's main line being but a few hundred yards from our own. During the day the skirmishing was incessant, annoying the men very much while engaged on the works, but before night they were sufficiently strong for sure protection. The regiment here remained until the night of the 28th, under fire continually, losing during that time 1 man killed and 8 wounded, when it was relieved by regiment of the Second Division and moved to the right a short distance, and on the morning of the 29th relieved a regiment of the First Brigade on the second line, to the rear of the Third Brigade. May 30, moved up to the line and relieved a regiment of the Third Brigade, Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps. Here we were much annoyed constantly by the enemy's sharpshooters and the men had to stay close to the works for protection. Here the skirmishing was constant day and night.

On the 1st of June, after having been under constant fire for near eight days, the regiment was relieved by a regiment of the Fifteenth Army Corps, and moved with the brigade to the left, passing to the rear of the Fourth, Fourteenth, and Twenty-third Corps. Camped for the night on a precipitous and rocky ridge. June 2, moved in a northeasterly direction about two and a half miles, halted in an open field, and the regiment was deployed in line on the right center of the brigade. Here, under a heavy fire of artillery, in a very short time a good line of works was constructed, the men using their bayonets, tin plates, and their hands in doing so. June 3, the regiment moved still farther to the left and northeast toward Acworth; encamped for the night near Morris' Hill Church, on the extreme left flank for the army. June 4, the regiment moved up and occupied with the brigade and division a portion of the line of works built by Hovey's division. June 5, remained in camp. At 6 o'clock on the morning of June 6 moved southeasterly about five miles to the Sandtown and Burnt Hickory road and took position near Mount Oliver Church to the left of the road. Here breastworks were constructed, and the regiment remained behind them in camp until the 15th, in the mean time taking some prisoners on the skirmish line. While here Companies A, I, and H were detached as division train guard, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Crane. On the 15th the regiment, with brigade, moved, crossing the small steam below Kemp's Mill, and advanced on the road toward Gilgal Church, leaving Lost Mountain to the right and west. halted near to the enemy's line of works just abandoned and remained about two hours, after which the regiment was formed in line of battle on the left of the brigade, and moved with it to support the First Brigade, which was meeting with strong resistance, and who were pouring in heavy volleys, which caused the enemy of retreat. Their ammunition being exhausted, the regiment with the Nineteenth Michigan moved up to the left of the road and relieved a regiment of this brigade. Upon taking position the line was not advanced, as the left flank was unprotected, and work upon the fortifications was immediately commenced and continued through the night under heavy fire from the enemy, but a short distance in front. On the 16th the regiment remained in camp strengthening their works and skirmishing with the enemy. Here the loss was 4 wounded, 1 mortally. On the morning of the 17th the enemy evacuated his works and the skirmishers occupied them.

27 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT II

