
morning the regiment, with brigade, was in motion, moving to the intersection of the Sandtown road, about three-fourths of a mile form Marietta. Here the regiment was subjected to a severe artillery fire, in which Corpl. R. R. Grimes was severely, and Lieutenant John Gunn slightly, wounded. After a short rest moved down the Sandtown road on a reconnaissance about one mile, but no enemy was found. Passing on a short distance the Second Division was met moving at right angles with our and skirmishing with the enemy. After passing the Second Division the regiment, with brigade, moved, with flankers out and skirmishing, in advance down this road about five miles, where the enemy were again encountered in force strongly posted on our left. The regiment, with brigade, was immediately formed in line and breast-works were thrown up, the enemy in the mean time shelling us liberally but doing but little damage. At 4 p. m. the regiment was relieved by troops from the Fourteenth Corps and moved to the right, crossing a branch of Nickajack Creek,and encamped with the brigade and division for the night. On the 4th of July moved two and a half miles south and near to Mill Grove, leaving the enemy's works to the left, and here camped for the night. On the 5th moved southeast, passing through the works of the enemy, which had been evacuated the night before. Crossed Nickajack Creek in the afternoon and encamped on a range of hills overlooking the Chattahoochee River. July 6, moved with brigade two miles to the left and east and encamped on the same range of hills. Here the regiment remained until July 17, resting in the mean time and picketing to the river, some two miles distant, the enemy having crossed to opposite side. The regiment being much worn out by the hardships, fighting, and incredible amount of works performed upon the score and a half of breastworks constructed needed rest.

During the long period of time embraced in this report the officers and men of the regiment proved themselves worthily of the army to which we belong. If enduring patiently, obeying promptly every order, and fighting bravely are soldierly virtues, they are surely possessed of these noble virtues. It is due the regiment that I should here state that not being in command of the regiment, and being absent part of the time, this report may not be as full as it should be. Neither can I speak in terms of praise of any officer or man, not do so, else I might overlook others equally deserving of mention. For the list of casualties during this time I refer you to the report already forwarded.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. BRANT,

Major, Commanding Eighty-fifth Indiana Volunteers.

Lieutenant HENRY C. JOHNSON,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 20th Army Corps.

HDQRS. EIGHTY-FIFTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS INFANTRY, Atlanta, Ga., September 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Eighty-fifth Indiana from July 28 to September 2, 1864, inclusive:

On the 28th of July the regiment was in position on the left of the brigade, then in reserve to the north of Atlanta. On the 20th

