
with General Stanley's right, built breast-work and remained until June 15, when the rebel works were found evacuated. We moved forward in line of battle, skirmishing across Pine Mountain, this brigade being on the right of the Second Division of this corps. The left wing of the Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers was thrown out as skirmishers, who advanced close to the rebel works. The enemy opened a brisk fire of artillery and musketry, which was responded to by our skirmishers, and their artillery silenced by our sharpshooters; the lines did not fire a shot. In this affair the brigade lost 4 killed and 16 wounded. Early on the morning of the 16th we moved to the left of the Second Division, upon being relieved by General Ward's brigade, of the Third Division of this corps, where the balance of the division was posted, and built works under continuous fire of the enemy. On the 17th, the rebels having abandoned their works during the night, we advanced to the Marietta road, where the enemy shelled our lines vigorously, wounding 2 commissioned officers of the One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers and 2 enlisted men. On the 19th we advanced about two miles skirmishing all day with the enemy, losing on that day 1 killed and 12 wounded. On the next morning we moved about six miles to the right, taking position on the right of General Butterfield's division; built breast-works and remained until the morning of the 22d, when we advanced about one and a half miles toward Kolb's farm, on the Powder Springs and Marietta road. I halted my brigade in a woods, by order of the division commander, and threw forward the One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers to strengthen the skirmish line. In the mean time Captain Woodbury's battery (M), First New York Artillery, was ordered to take position on a ridge in an open field to my right and front, and my brigade was ordered to move in support of it. This was promptly done by moving the brigade to the right under cover of the woods in which it had been resting. Soon after this, sharp firing on the skirmish line admonished us that the enemy was in our front in considerable force. I at once ordered the brigade forward to the ridge where Battery M was posted, and directed rails to be brought forward to construct temporary breast-works. While in the act of doing this the enemy advanced in three lines (Stevenson's division, as I learned from the prisoners captured), driving in our pickets. My command sprung to their arms at once, and then commenced as spirited a little fight as we have had during the present campaign. The fight commenced at 4 p. m. and lasted until 8 p. m., with a loss on our part of 3 commissioned officers wounded, 1 missing, and 9 enlisted men killed, 55 wounded, and 19 missing (the missing being all from the skirmish line and principally from the One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers), whilst the enemy's loss, according to their own admission, was at least 1,000.

The troops soon after the engagement threw up substantial breast-works, in which they remained until July 3, when the rebels were found to have evacuated their works in our front. We followed in pursuit and camped that night near Sweet Water Creek. Some firing was going on and many prisoners taken; my brigade was not engaged. We resumed our march on the 4th and went into camp on the 6th on a ridge near Vining's Station, keeping our front covered by a strong picket-line until June 17, when we broke camp and crossed the Chattahoochee River on pontoons at Pace's Ferry, marching about three miles in a southeasterly direction. On the

