
moved to the right to support the Fifteenth Army Corps, assisting in covering the extreme right flank of the army. Here the regiment went into camp for the night, and on the 30th advanced about half a mile and took position on the right of the brigade and threw up works on the front line. Here nothing of interest occurred worthy of note. On the 2nd of August was moved back, and on the 3rd took position on the front line, on the left of the brigade, to the northwest of Atlanta, relieving the Sixteenth U. S. Regulars, of the Fourteenth Army Corps. The regiment were here engaged in constant skirmishing with the enemy. On the 5th advanced and occupied a new line of works. While so doing Sergeant Brown, of Company D, was mortally wounded, and the regiment laments the loss of one of its truest and most upright soldiers. On the 12th the line was again advanced, and the thirty-fifth line of intrenchments built by the regiment during the campaign was thrown up and occupied. Here the skirmishing was incessant, and the men in camp were constantly annoyed by the enemy's sharpshooters. The right companies were most exposed, and Company A lost in killed behind the works Corpl. Miles W. Ratcliff, one of its most respected and bravest soldiers. Here I cannot omit to speak of the patient endurance of the men who had to works part of the time night and day on the intrenchments in addition to the fatigue of the skirmishing. Though much worn out every man seemed to be at his post upon the least alarm of an attack. On the night of the 25th the regiments, and fell back to Turner's Ferry, on the Chattahoochee River, where it took position, on the morning of the 26th, on the right center of the brigade. Intrenchments were thrown up, and the regiment went into camp. Nothing of note occurred, except on the 27th, when the enemy's reconnoitering force advanced and threw some shells into the camp, but fortunately injuring no one of the regiment. On the morning of the 2d, in obedience to your orders, I detailed five companies of the regiment and placed them in command of Captain Crawford, of Company H, who reported them to you, to constitute a part of a reconnoitering force under your command. About 1 p. m. of the same day, having received notice of your occupancy of Atlanta, I sent you, as per orders, three more companies, under command of ----, who reported them to Lieutenant-Colonel Bloodgood, Twenty-second Wisconsin, who moved omit to congratulate that part of the regiment under immediate command of Captain Crawford in having the honor of being among the first to enter Atlanta, the object of our hope during this long and hard campaign. On the evening of the 2nd of September the larger part of the regiment rested in Atlanta, and the other part occupying the works at Turner's Ferry. In the absence of Lieutenant-Colonel Crane, since the 9th of August, while commanding the regiment, I am much indebted to Acting Adjutant Tillotson for the faithful and efficient manner in which he performed his arduous duties; to Lieutenant Farrington for his promptness in supplying the wants of the regiment, and to the hearty support rendered me by the line officers. Too much praise cannot be given the rank and file, who by patiently and promptly obeying every order have made our work doubly pleasant. I am happy to inform you that the utmost harmony exists among the officers of the regiment, and also with the rank and file.

