
Appended is a list of the casualties* of the regiment from May 2 to September 2, 1864.

I have the honor, colonel, to be your obedient servant,

J. E. BRANT,

Captain, Commanding Eighty-fifth Indiana Volunteers.

Colonel JOHN COBURN,

Commanding Second Brigadier, Third Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 266.

Reports of Captain David Anderson, Nineteenth Michigan Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH MICHIGAN, September 22, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders from division headquarters requiring a report of the doings of this regiment from the 2nd of May, 1864, to the 17th day of July, I have the honor to report as follows:

The regiment, 700 strong, left Lookout Valley on the 20th [3d] day of May, 1864, arriving at a position near Buzzard Roost on the 9th of the same month. After fortifying we occupied this position two days. On the morning of the 11th of May moved to a position near Rocky Face Ridge. Here we threw out strong pickets to watch the movements of the enemy in this position. The next day moved into Snake Creek Gap. From this time nothing of importance transpired until the morning of the 15th of May, when we moved toward Resaca, arriving at 11 a. m. The Second Brigade was immediately formed in order of battle and ordered to advance. The order was promptly obeyed, and, with the other regiments of the division there engaged, they won for themselves, on that memorable day, honors imperishable. On the 16th of May, with the army, we started in pursuit of the beaten and retreating foe. Crossing the --- River, encountered the enemy again near Cassville. Here also the division to which this regiment belongs, after a short engagement, detached the enemy, at dark May 20, the Nineteenth Michigan with the Twentieth Connecticut entered Cassville. Resting until the 22nd we moved again in pursuit of the enemy, meeting no opposition until the evening of the 25th of May, when we found the enemy in heavy force strongly posted near New Hope Church. Here again occurred on e of the bloodiest battles of the campaign, in which the regiment bore a distinguished and honored part. We remained near this position for ten days, doing the usual amount of picketing and digging. After various movements and much labor, on the 15th of June we arrived at Golgotha and fought a severe battle. Among the killed in action was our brave commander, Major Griffin. We performed the usual duties of fortifying, picketing, and chasing the enemy until the 22nd of June, when we again encountered him at Kolb's farm, the regiment taking an active part, moving from this position some three miles to the right. On the 23d, with the division, we occupied a new position,which we strongly fortified, remaining until the morning of the 2nd of July, when the evacuated their strong position at Kenesaw Mountain, and the regiment, with the division, moved in

---------------

*Aggregating 11 men killed, 3 officers and 105 men wounded, and 2

men missing; total, 121.

---------------

