
pursuit. After moving some five miles they opposed farther progress by the use of artillery. On the 5th of July an advance was made, the enemy having again retreated, and from this date until the 17th of July, when the regiment crossed the Chattahoochee River, nothing of importance transpired in which this regiment had any part.

Respectfully,

D. ANDERSON,

Captain, Commanding Nineteenth Michigan.

Captain ROBERT E. BEECHER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps.

HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH MICHIGAN REGIMENT, Near Atlanta, Ga., July 27, 1864.

SIR: With regard to the part taken by the Nineteenth Michigan in the various movements and battles of this army since the 17th day of the present month, I have the honor to report as follows:

The regiment received orders to prepare to march about noon of the 17th. About 3 p. m. we broke camp and moved with the brigade toward the Chattahoochee River. Reaching the same about 9 o'clock, we crossed and encamped some two miles from the south bank. About noon the 18th, with our brigade, we moved, crossing Nancy's Creek, and, moving some four miles without opposition, camped on a level bottom near a small steam in a dense forest, where we remained doing nothing more than the usual picket and camp duty until the morning of the 20th instant, when, receiving orders, we moved after the enemy in the direction of Atlanta. Crossing Peach Tree Creek, the regiment, 300 strong, was formed in rear of the Eighty-fifth Indiana. While in this position the enemy was discovered to be advanced met the enemy a short distance in rear of the position which had been occupied by our pickets, when a severe engaged ensued. The fight raged furiously in this position for the space of ten or fifteen minutes, when the Nineteenth was ordered up to the support of the front line. Moving promptly up, a few well-directed volleys form the whole line compelled the rebels to fall back. Seeing the advantage, the regiment, with those with whom they were fighting side by side, advanced at a double-quick or run until they reached the crest of the ridge. In this position they remained for the space of four hours, assisting as best they could in suppressing any rebel demonstration made in their front. At 9 p. m. the regiment was relieved by the Thirty-third Indiana, and, moving to the rear, camped for the night. The 21st was sent in burying the dead and the usual duties of the camp and picket. The 22nd of July an advance was made, our regiment occupying a position about three-quarters of a mile to the left of our present position. The regiment fortified thoroughly the position, remaining until the evening of the 25th of July, when they advanced, taking a new and more advantageous position, which, with the aid of detachments from the Twenty-second Wisconsin and Eighty-fifth Indiana, they placed in a thorough state of defense. On the evening of the 26th the regiment was relieved, campaign in a position now occupied.

