
With regard to the part taken in the severe and bloody battle of the 20th instant by this regiment, I am proud to the able to say that both officers and men did their duty faithfully and nobly. Accompanying this report is a list of casualties* in the regiment from the 17th to the 27th of the present month.

Respectfully,

D. ANDERSON,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant F. C. CRAWFORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH MICHIGAN, September 9, 1864.

SIR: With regard to the part taken by the Nineteenth Michigan in the doings and acts of this army from the 22nd day of July until the 2nd day of September, I have the honor to report as follows:

The regiment, with an effective force of 280 men, left the old battle-ground of Peach Tree Creek on the morning of the 22nd of July, advancing toward Atlanta until within two miles of the city. After taking position the regiment threw up strong earth-works and remained in position two days, skirmishing almost constantly with the enemy. They then threw up a new line of works some 200 yards in advance of the first and occupied them until the evening of the 27th day of July; we were relieved by a portion of the Fourth Corps and moved about one mile to the right, in rear of the front line. Here we remained until the 29th, when we were ordered with our brigade to the extreme right of our line. Remained in this position until the 1st day of August, doing only the usual picket and fatigue duty. August 1, moved some five miles to the left, near our original position, and relieved a portion of the Fourteenth Corps. Here in this position before Atlanta we remained until the night of the 25th of August, advancing and fortifying, skirmishing and laboring unremittingly day and night, subject to all the vicissitudes and dangers inseparable from a protected siege, when we evacuated our position and moved to Turner's Ferry, on the Chattahoochee River. Fortified our position. August 31, a portion of the Nineteenth, together with the other regiments of our brigade, made a reconnaissance toward Atlanta, which was pushed to within two miles of the city, when, finding the enemy in force, the party fell back without loss. On the morning of the 2nd of September a detail of seven companies from the Nineteenth Michigan, together with a detail from each regiment of the Second and Third Brigades, moved outside our works, under command of Colonel Coburn, the force from the Nineteenth being under the immediate command of Captain Baldwin. Moving toward Atlanta, they encountered no opposition until within the fortifications of the city, when our skirmishers met a force of rebel cavalry, which fell back as our skirmishers advanced until within the city. Here the mayor and city authorities met our advance and surrendered the city to Colonel Coburn, and thus was the glorious consummation and object of the campaign accomplished, and the Nineteenth, with the other gallant regiments of this com-

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 4 men killed and 1 officer and 34 men wounded; total, 39.

---------------

