
mand, was the immediately witness of that final success to secure which they had borne an honored part in all the heroic achievements of this gallant army. I send also a list of casualties for the campaign.*

Respectfully,

D. ANDERSON,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel JOHN COBURN,

Commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 267.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edward Bloodgood, Twenty-second Wisconsin Infantry.

HDQRS. TWENTY-SECOND Regiment WISCONSIN VOL. INFTY., Atlanta, Ga., September 9, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I herewith have the honor to submit military history of my command from May 2, 1864, to September 2, 1864:

May 1, the regiment reached Lookout Valley, having marched from Nashville, Tenn., a distance of 143 miles, in thirteen days. May 2, was occupied in reducing baggage, or stripping, for an active campaign. May 3, the regiment, containing 575 effective men, under command of Colonel William L. Utley, marched around the base of Lookout Mountain, and passing over field of Mission Ridge, camped near it for the night. May 4, resumed march over Chickamauga battle-field and camped at base of Taylor's Ridge, when we joined the other brigades of our division. Lay in camp May 5, and sent back all surplus baggage and reduced transportation to one wagon and a pack-mule. May 6, broke camp at daybreak and marched to Lee's Tannery; formed line of battle and built break-works. May 7, broke camp, and, marching eleven miles, took up position fronting the enemy's stronghold, Buzzard Roost. We lay here until May 11, when we marched to the right and passed about two-thirds the distance through Snake Creek Pass, where we made camp and built road (wagon and infantry) until dark. May 12, we moved out of the pass, camping on left and near the mouth of the same. The fighting for possession of Resaca commenced on the 13th instant, and on this day and the 14th our division was not engaged. Early on the morning of 15th instant the corps moved to the left of Fourth Army Corps and formed line. The Third Division was selected to storm a battery covered by rifle-pits. The First Brigade was the attacking column and the Second Brigade the line of support, the Twentieth Connecticut and Twenty-second Wisconsin in right rear and Eighty-fifth and Thirty-third Indiana and Nineteenth Michigan in left rear. The column advanced, was checked, rallied, and advanced again to meet such a withering fire from the enemy's rifle-pits that it was impossible for the men to live in range of their muskets; but the enemy were driven from the earth-work that contained the fourth-gun battery, and after the fight, which was kept up with [varying] results until after dark, was over our men succeeded in bringing off the four guns in triumph, and all had been

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 5 officers and 29 men killed, 5 officers and 186 men wounded, and 5 men missing; total, 230.

---------------

