
done that stubborn courage could accomplish. We lay on the field during the night. Our loss in this engagement was 11 enlisted men killed and 3 officers and 61 enlisted men wounded. During the night the enemy retreated. Morning of 16th instant we buried our dead and marched with brigade and division to which we were attached some sixteen miles, halting for night at 11 p. m. on bank of Oostenaula Creek. May 17, marched at 3 p. m.; camped in field at 12 p. m. May 18, marched at 4 a. m. In afternoon the regiment was detailed as guard for division ordnance train; went into camp with ordnance train at 11 p. m. May 19, fearing attack from rebel cavalry, the regiment inclosed the train in a breast-work; at 2 p. m. we moved with train to a position near Cassville and camped. May 20, remained in same position. May 21, were relieved from train guard and rejoined brigade. May 22, remained in same position. May 23, marched ten miles, crossing Etowah River on pontoon bridge, and camping near bank of the same in line of battle. May 24, marched fifteen miles; camped near bank of the same in line of battle. May 24, marched fifteen miles; camped near Burnt Hickory Gap, building breast-works. May 25, marched at 7.30 a. m., taking direct road to Dallas. The Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, engaged the enemy, and at 4 p. m. the regiment, together with the brigade, were formed and moved forward as support to Second Division; the regiment was not engaged, but lost 1 man killed and 10 men wounded, including 1 officer. We lay in line all night. May 26, moved to the right and relieved Thirty-third Indiana on first line of works; improved the same; skirmished heavily, losing 1 man killed and 8 men wounded, including 1 officer; relieved from duty on fists line; moved short distance to right and camped. May 27, took position in works in our front. First Brigade, Third Division, moved one-quarter of a mile to front, and, together with detail from Second Brigade, built line of works; regiment lost 1 man wounded. May 28, did not change position; lost 1 man wounded. May 29, remained in same position. May 30, advanced to works built by First Brigade and relieved Nineteenth Michigan. May 31, remained in same position.

June 1, the regiment, with brigade and division, was relieved by Fourteenth Corps, and marched to the left six miles and camped on large hill. June 2, marched farther to the left and formed line as support to Twenty-third Army Corps; was not engaged; built temporary breast-works; camped for night. June 3, marched at 2 p. m.; went into camp at 5 p. m.; regiment was ordered to support battery; moved into line with brigade; built works; camped for night. June 5, no move was made. June 6, marched five miles, formed line of battle, and built breast-works near Mount Olive Church. The regiment lay in this position doing some picket duty until June 15, when we marched two miles to front. Brigade was formed as support to First Brigade, which charged the enemy, driving him into his works. At dark we relieved First Brigade on first line, and worked all night perfecting breast-works; lost 2 men wounded. June 16, still held same position. The enemy had a raking fire on our works; lost 3 men killed and 7 wounded. At night rebel batteries opened, doing no damage, and during noise made by their artillery they retreated. June 17, followed after the enemy and took position in open field facing their works, building breast-works and campaign for the night. June 18, skirmishing in front; lost 1 man killed and 2 wounded.

