
June 19, enemy retreated in night; at 10 a. m. marched, came upon the enemy, and the division moved forward in three lines, Second Brigade in rear;heavy skirmishing but no engagement. At dark the First and Third Brigades were withdrawn, and Second Brigade built works on first line. June 20, moved thirty rods to front and built breast-works. June 21, remained in same position. June 22, regiment with brigade moved out of works and advanced in line, driving in rebel skirmishers and taking position, which we fortified. The enemy charged our position but was repulsed; our loss was 2 men killed and 10 wounded; were relieved by Fourth Army Corps, and moved three miles to right and camped for night. June 23, marched a short distance to right and advanced our line to connect with Twenty-third Army Corps on our right; built breast-works. We lay in or near this position doing some picketing, and losing 7 men wounded, until July 3. Were mustered for pay June 30, July 3.

On the night of the 2nd the enemy left their strong works in our front. At daylight our division took the main Marietta road, but were stopped by shells from a rebel battery. After going two miles brigade was ordered to reconnoiter ground between road and Geary's (Second) division on our right. Brigade advanced in line of battle, passed Second Division, threw out skirmisher, and the regiment was ordered to support skirmish line; advanced two and a half miles; drove enemy's outposts. Brigade took position and fortified it under fire form enemy's outposts. bridge took position and fortified it under fire form enemy's battery. At dark was relieved by Fourteenth Army Corps; went to right and rear and camped. July 4, we moved to the right, built breast-works, and camped. July 5, marched four miles of front through the works the rebel had left during the night and camped on hill in rear of line of battle. July 6, moved two miles to left and took position in second line of battle; made camp, where we remained until the 17th instant, drawing clothing and affording the men a much needed rest. On the 17th instant the regiment broke camp, and, marching to the left, crossed the river near the railroad bridge by means of pontoons, and moving to the left three miles went into camp in rear of Fourth Army Corps. At 10 a. m. July 18 the division moved to the left of the Fourth Corps, and forming-Third Brigade in line of battle, Second Brigade close column of division, and First Brigade by flank--moved forward on Atlanta turnpike. After marching about two miles our line of advance converged into that of other troops who had gone forward. We resumed our march by the flank, and camped again in rear of the Fourth Corps. On July 19 no move was made, the First Division working all day to construct a bridge across a deep steam called Peach Tree Creek, the enemy's skirmishers covering the creek by their fire. Early on the 20th instant the Third Division moved out, crossing the creek on bridge above mentioned. We now lay on a flat, beyond which lay two high ridges, the first covered by timber and occupied by the enemy's skirmishers. The second ridge was bare, a rail fence running along the top parallel to our lines. The Twenty-second Wisconsin Regiment, being at head of the brigade column, was ordered to deploy as skirmishers. This was done under fire, the line connecting with Fourth Corps on the left and with line of Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, on the right. Three companies, A, C, and F, were held as grand reserve. At 11 a. m. orders came to drive the enemy from the first ridge, which was effected without loss, and at or near 12 m. we were ordered to cross the ravine between the two ridges, take

