
and hold the second ridge under cover of a fire from battery on left of Second Division. We moved forward at double-quick, delivering our fire as we ran. The rebel pickets scattered at our approach and left us in possession of this ridge, which was an important position. The regiment immediately threw up some light skirmish pits, the reserve of three companies intrenching as well as possible in ravine at foot of ridge. Our brigade in two lines had been formed at edge of woods covering the first ridge. Immediately in front of the second ridge was on open field of nearly half a mile in width; then came timber, and in this lay the enemy; mounted officers and bodies of troops could be seen from our skirmish line moving about and apparently massing preparatory to a charge. At fifteen minutes before 3 p. m. the first rebel line of battle emerged from the woods and came across the open field. This line was followed by two others, and with the true rebel yell they came upon us. Messengers were dispatched to the brigade commander for support, and the whole brigade was at once ordered forward. The Twenty-second Wisconsin, which had been delivering a rapid fire from the time the enemy left the woods, still held their ground until the line was broken on their right and left, and grape and canister fired at the enemy fell among our men, but the enemy's line was now within thirty feet of our rifle-pits, and to stay longer was certain capture. The order was given to "rally on the reserve," which was done just as the brigade came cheering over the first ridge and down into the ravine. Now the enemy came pouring over the came pouring over the ridge we had just abandoned, and rushing down upon our lines in perfect crowds only to meet and fall before our fire. The fight raged in this way for nearly and hour, the enemy coming to the charge time after time and was always repulsed. Now a large body of the enemy was thrown upon the left of our division, but by a timely movement of the Third Brigade this was checked, and beaten at every point the enemy commanded falling back. Our men now rushed forward with cheers and volleys, and the victory was complete; the enemy fled in great confusion, our men following, taking prisoners, stand of colors, &amp;c. In front of the Second Brigade the rebel dead and wounded strewed the ground, numbering upward of 200. the regiment went into this engagement with 18 officers and 315 were built and everything prepared to resist another attack. The Twenty-second Wisconsin, having been on duty on duty all day, was in second line. July 21, no movement; lost 1 man wounded on skirmish line. During the night the enemy fell back to a strong position in the outskirts of the city of Atlanta. July 22, followed up, taking position within three-quarters of a mile of enemy's works and building shell-proof fortifications. The enemy's batteries were numerous in our front, and during the 23d, 24th, 25th, and 26th instant shells flew at all hours of the day, making it necessary that the men remain in their works. On the 26th instant the line was advanced some thirty rods and new works were built, occupying all day. At 10 p. m. the division was relieved by troops of Second Division and went into reserve in second line of works. The regiment lost this day 2 men wounded. July 27, nothing worthy of note occurred. July 28, moved to the right with division to re-enforce General Howard's command, but after going three miles returned to camp, there being no being no necessity for our help. July 29, marched to the extreme right of the army and were thrown back to

