
protect the flank; building breast-works. July 30, changed position about half a mile and fortified; no enemy in our immediate front. Remained here until August 2, when the division marched back to railroad, and, relieving a division of the Fourteenth Corps, occupied line of works. August 4, constructed line of works twenty rods in advance of present line by details from regiment. August 5, advanced into new line by details from regiment. August 5, advanced into new line, completing same; made demonstration on picket-line that developed another rebel battery in our front. August 10, commenced, by detail, constructing line of works thirty rods in advance of present line. At dark on the 12th instant advanced into new line and lay on arms all night to support skirmishers, who were expected to advance. From this date nothing of importance occurred until the 25th instant; there was the usual amount of picket and artillery firing, but nothing worthy of note. At 8 p. m. August 25 the entire corps abandoned their line and moved back to the Chattahoochee River. Our brigade and the Third Brigade covered Turner's Ferry, where there was a pontoon bridge; breast-works and obstructions were built. On the 27th instant the enemy with artillery drove in the skirmishers, felt of our position, and retired. Remained here, sending out scouting parties daily, who always found the enemy at a distance, until September 2 a reconnaissance of 900 men from both brigades, under command of Colonel John Coburn, commanding Second Brigade, moved out on the Atlanta road. On reaching the city limits the mayor of the city made a formal surrender of the city of Colonel Coburn, and the force advanced, driving the enemy's cavalry out without loss. In the afternoon of same day a re-enforcement of 500 men, under Lieutenant-Colonel Bloodgood, came from ferry to re-enforce Colonel Coburn, and on the following day the balance of the regiment, with baggage, marched to city and the whole regiment took position in the defenses of the city, to the right of Decatur railroad. With the exception of a few shifts to the right and left, no move took place up to September 2. At this time the casualties in the campaign are 27 enlisted men killed and 6 officers and 148 enlisted men wounded. The regiment numbers 16 officers and 261 enlisted men for duty.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. BLOODGOOD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant F. C. CRAWFORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 268.

Report of Colonel James Wood, jr., One hundred and thirty-sixth New York Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.

HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 20TH CORPS, Atlanta, Ga., September 23, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the brigade under my command since the 1st day of May last:

On the evening of that day I received orders to march at 6 o'clock the following morning. At the hour named we broke our winter

