
18th we resumed our march, advancing slowly, until we came on the 20th to the field where the battle of Peach Tree Creek was fought. We arrived there in the forenoon and rested in column by brigades (my brigade on the right) until the enemy made his attack, about 4 p. m. Under ordered from General Williams, commanding this division, I double-quicked my brigade into line, forming the right of the division, the enemy driving in our pickets with their line (having no skirmishers deployed) before I had succeeded in establishing mine. In taking my position my right flank soon became exposed to an enfilading fire from the enemy in consequence of having no connection with any other portion of our army. I at once directed Colonel Selfridge, commanding Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, to throw back his right wing, his regiment being on the right of my brigade. This was promptly done and the enemy was checked in his advance. I also sent to my division commander to send me a regiment to place on my right, as I was apprehensive of being turned. This request was compiled with at once by sending me the twenty-seventh Indiana Volunteers, Colonel Colgrove commanding. I place this regiment into position on my right and was enabled to repulse any attempt of the enemy to drive me from my position during an engagement of over three hours. This fight was a fair stand-up fight, neither party protection in the shape of breast-works. The enemy greatly out numbered of their killed and wounded after the fight was over. My loss in killed and wounded was very heavy for the number engaged. I took into the fight little over 1,000 men, and lost, in killed, 6 commissioned officers; in wounded, 18 commissioned officers; in enlisted men, killed, 59; wounded, 203; missing, 2 - no doubt killed or captured on the skirmish line - being a total of 288, whilst the enemy must have lost, from all that we can learn, at least 5 to my 1. Shortly after 7 p. m. the enemy, finding he could not drive us from our position, withdrew under the cover of the night and left us master of our well-fought field. During the night my command built substantial breast-works. On the 21st the command was engaged burying the dead, the enemy's as well as our own, and caring for the wounded. The brigade sustained a heavy loss in officers in this battle. Among the killed are Colonel Logie, of One hundred and forty-first New York Volunteers; Captain Ketrer, Lieutenants Davis, Wolf, and Adjutant Witman, of the Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers; Captain Wiley and Lieutenant Daicy, of the One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers; among the wounded, Adjutant Carey, of the One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel McNett, Major Clanharty, and Adjutant Hazard, of One hundred and forty-first New York Volunteers; Adjutant Daniels, Lieutenants Welden and Gavitt, of the Fifth Connecticut Veteran Volunteers, and captain Stolzenbach and Lieutenant Young, of the Forty-sixth Pensylvania Veteran Volunteers. Whilst I cannot but deplore the heavy losses sustained in this engagement, I have the consolation of knowing, however, that every officer and man in my brigade performed his whole duty to his country. On the 22nd we advanced again within two miles of Atlanta, where were erected formidable breast-works within 300 yards of the enemy's lines of works; nothing of importance transpiring until July 30. I was assigned to the command of the division on the 28th of July, and ordered an advance of the

