
from the Fifty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry,commanded by Captains Boalt and Osborn, were ordered to take the crest. Promptly and steadily they climbed the side of the bluff in the face of a continued fire from the enemy's skirmishers, drove them from and occupied the crest. The conduct of Captains Boalt and Osborn and the men of their commands on this occasion, the coolness and bravery displayed by them, is deserving of the highest praise and reflects credit upon the gallant regiment of which they form a part. As soon as the crest was gained the skirmish line at that point was strengthened by three companies from the Seventy-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry. Four companies of the Thirty-third Massachusetts Volunteers held the low ground on the left between the creek and the railroad. On the right two companies form the Twenty-sixth Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry were thrown across the creek, which at that point was deep, and which they crossed on a tree fallen across it, and were deployed as skirmishers and ordered to ascend to the crest which formed the depression between the bluff and Rocky Face Mountain, and which connected the two. This order was executed in a satisfactory manner. The enemy made but a feeble resistance to our advance. The enemy showed no disposition to attack. We had felt his position, discovered the nature, extent, and character of his works, and the object of the reconnaissance seemed to the accomplished. the day was drawing to a close, and I was ordered by Major-General Butterfield as soon as it was dark to withdraw my skirmishers and with my command return to the camp I had left in the morning. I advanced the One hundred and thirty-sixth New York to cover the movement of withdrawing the skirmishers, and was making dispositions of execute the order of the major-general commanding, who had at that time left the field, when I received the following order:
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS, May 9, 1864.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,Commanding Division:

The major-general commanding directs that you hold yourself in readiness to comply with the following dispatch just received from department headquarters:

"General Howard's and General Palmer's skirmishers will be advanced early to-morrow morning (9th instant). The major-general commanding desires that your order Butterfield's skirmishers to co-operate with General Palmer's as the latter sweep along the side of the ridge, by advancing over the ground which lies directly in front of them.

"Very respectfully,

"W. D. WHIPPLE,

"Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General."
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS.

The major-general commanding directs that Colonel Wood comply with the requirements of the within.

JOHN SPEED,Assistant Adjutant-General.

I immediately countermanded the order to withdraw the skirmishers, and directed them, as well as the One hundred and thirty-sixth New York Volunteer Infantry, to hold the position they then occupied for the night, and that scouts be sent forward from the skirmish line to reconnoiter and obtain, if possible, the information desired by the major-general commanding the Department of the Cumberland. As the enemy kept persistently concealed behind his

