
works, nothing could be discovered, except that his position was very strong, if not impregnable, and that an attempt to dislodge him by a direct could not be expected to succeed. As I had done all in my power to comply with the instructions last received, and as night and darkness had now come upon us, the operations of the day closed. The Seventy-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry had marched for their camp under the order received from Major-General Butterfield before the last order above set forth had been promulgated. After dark the Fifty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry and Thirty-third Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry followed, leaving the skirmishers detailed from these regiments in the position they occupied during the day. The Twenty-sixth Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry, which had been held in reserve in this position first taken up, was permitted to bivouac for the night, as it was amply protected by the Fourteenth Army Corps, being connected with it and covered in front by the pickets of that corps. After these dispositions were made an order was received from the major-general commanding the division to withdraw the One hundred and thirty-sixth New York Regiment and the skirmishers entirely out of the gap and the valley in front of it and bivouac them in secure position on the hill. This order was complied with, and as Brigadier-General Carlin had advanced his brigade and his picket-line it brought them within his lines. This finished the operations of the day, and I returned to my headquarters at Woods' Store. On the morning of the 9th I received the following orders:

Colonel WOOD,

Commanding Brigade:

The following instructions have just been received:

"Major-General HOOKER:

"Push your reconnaissance as far as possible to-night, and endeavor to find out if the enemy is at Buzzard Roost in force. Communicate results.

"THOMAS,

General."

I immediately directed the officer in charge of the skirmishers (Major Higgins, of the Seventy-third Ohio) to see that the order was complied with. Subsequently and on the same morning I received orders to continue the reconnaissance commenced the day before. In compliance therewith, I immediately concentrated my brigade in the valley in front of the gap. The skirmishers again took the position from which they were withdrawn the night before, being compelled the second time to drive the enemy's skirmishers therefrom. The One hundred and thirty-sixth New York and Twenty-sixth Wisconsin Volunteers were deployed in line of battle in front of the bluff. The Fifty-fifth Ohio was ordered to cross the creek and hold the bluff which had been taken by the skirmishers. I was ordered by Major-General B[utterfield] to throw a regiment across the creek near the foot of the Rocky Face Mountain and to advance it to the crest of the spur that connected the bluff with the mountain. The comply with the order it became necessary to build a bridge across the Mill Creek. This was done with commendable dispatch by the division pioneers. I ordered across the Seventy-

