
The brigade, by order, then changed its position to the rear of the left of the Fifteenth Corps, where it was held in reserve in column by division. After sundown I was ordered to relieve Carlin's brigade, of the Fourteenth Corps, then in position in two lines on the crest of wooded hill in our front, connecting on its right with the Fifteenth Corps. Owing to the woods and the darkness the task was not an easy one, but it was accomplished with the Fifteenth Army Corps on the right and Ward's brigade of this division on the left and bivouacked for the night. In front of us was a valley through which ran a creek. On the opposite side of the valley and distant about 600 yards was a chain of hills occupied by the enemy. These hills he was diligently engaged in fortifying during the night. These hills he was diligently engaged in fortifying during the night. On the morning of the 14th the enemy's skirmishers and sharpshooters opened fire upon our skirmish line, but owing to the long range, our casualties were not numerous. The brigade held the position during the day. After dark of this day I was ordered to protect the men by works in their front to be made of longs and earth, and to be thrown up with as little noise as possible, so as not to attract the enemy's attention. The men immediately commanded the work, but before it was completed, and at about 12 o'clock of the night, the bridge was relieved by General Morgan's brigade, of the Fourteenth Corps. Upon being relieved, the brigade marched to the open field in the rear of the position it occupied and bivouacked till morning. On the morning of the 15th, at daylight, the brigade with the division of which it forms a part, marched to the Dalton and Resaca road, on the extreme left of our army. Here I received the following order from Major-General Butterfield, commanding the division:

Colonel WOOD,

Commanding Brigade:

The division will move to attack the enemy's line. The column of attack will be formed by General Ward's brigade, Colonel Coburn supporting on his right, Colonel Wood on his left. General Ward will from his column by regiment from and push a bold and vigorous attack with bayonets, a strong line of skirmishers in front. Colonel Coburn will form on his right and rear in echelon and support, and will guard his left flank and support his assault. General Ward's column will keep will to the right of the Dalton road.

D. BUTTERFIELD.

I moved my brigade forward to the hill referred to and placed it in the formation directed. Before the attack was ordered Major Tremain, acting aide-de-camp on Major-General Butterfield's staff, came to me and said that the situation of the ground was some what different from what it was understood to be at the time the written orders were issued; that instead of acting as a support to General Ward it was assigned to me to assault and take the hill then in my front, and that the manner of doing it and the formation of the brigade was left to my own judgment; that General Butterfield desired the attack to be made at once, as General Ward was ready to advance. This was to me very embarrassing. I had not reconnoitered the ground. Most of it was covered with a dense forest. I knew nothing of the strength of the enemy, his position, or the situation of his works in front. I rode forward and made a hurried and imperfect reconnaissance. It seemed to me that I was too far to the right. I therefore moved my right regiment by the left flank to the left and changed its front by a half wheel to the left. I

