
where it bivouacked for the night. The conduct of the entire command was such as to meet my highest commendation. Both officers and men displayed praiseworthy gallantry and bravery. I saw no shirking, no unnecessary straggling. The wounded, those who were able, took care of themselves, and those who were not lay upon the ground until they were removed by the ambulances. My thanks are especially due to Lieutenant-Colonel Faulkner, of One hundred and thirty-sixth New York Volunteers, and to Major Hurst, Seventy-third Ohio, for the distinguished gallantry exhibited by them in this engaged, and for the marked skill and ability with which they handled their respective commands. I commend them and their conduct to the favorable consideration of those whose duty it is and whose pleasure it may be to reward those who have rendered important service on the field of battle. Early in the engagement Major Robbins, of the Fifty-fifth Ohio Volunteers Infantry, fell mortally wounded. Soon after Captain Peck, of the same regiment, the hill Colonel Gambee, the worthy and able commander of the same regiment, fell while cheering and encouraging his men to hold the ground. I desire to pay a passing tribute to the worthy ability and high character of these officers. By their fall the country and the service have suffered an irreparable loss. It is with a real sense of loss that I refer of the fall of the lamented Colonel Gambee, a gentleman by instinct, possessed of a high sense of honor . Of warm social qualities he attached himself as a friend to all with whom he associated. Entering the service as a captain in the line, he was for his peculiar fitness promoted to the command of the regiment. Though a strict disciplinarian, he had the confidence, the respect, the love of the officers and men of his command . As second in command of the brigade, I relied on his good judgement and sound sense to aid me in the discharge of the arduous and important duties of command. He regarded with abhorrence the rebellion which threatened to overturn our National Government and its guilty abettors, and he entered the military service not from choice, but from a sense of duty and the dictates of pure patriotism. Upon the altar of his country he had sacrificed his life and sealed his principles with his blood. In the engagement in which he lost his life he bore himself with distinguished gallantry, and by his example and the able manner in which he handled his regiment contributed materially to the successful result of the attack. May his name be cherished and his memory preserved so long as bravery, loyalty, and patriotism are regarded as virtues among men. On Monday, the 16th, the brigade marched through Resaca (the enemy having retreated during the night) toward Field's Mill, on the Oostenaula River, which river was crossed by means of a rope ferry. The brigade crossed the river and got into position on the other side at about 11.30 p. m., having marched the distance of sixteen miles. The crossing occupied about two hours. On the 17th, at about 2 p. m., the brigade marched from Field's Ferry toward Calhoun on the Cassville road and went into camp at about 9 p. m., having marched toward Cassville. The road was obstructed by troops and trains; consequently we could move only by cutting a side road. This was being done under the direction of major-general commanding the division, when a side road side road was struck, on which the brigade marched. Late in the afternoon the brigade emerged on the Cassville

