
road. It was soon discovered that the enemy in some force was in our immediate front. The One hundred and thirty-sixth New York Volunteers was then formed and deployed; skirmishers advanced for the purpose of ascertaining the strength of the enemy. In this way the brigade advanced about two miles, when our farther advance was obstructed by a line of rifle-pits and artillery. The brigade bivouacked on the plateau between Calhoun and Cassville, having marched seventeen and a half miles.

On the 19th, in the morning, I was ordered with my brigade to make a reconnaissance toward Two-Run Creek. My instructions were to march due south until I stuck the creek. I deployed one regiment, the Seventy-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and threw out formed in two columns on the right and left of the regiment deployed. In this formation the brigade advanced. When within about half a mile from the creek, it was discovered that the enemy in force was in dangerous proximity on our left flank. Being isolated from the corps to which the brigade belonged, and not being supported on the right by the Second Division and on the left by the First Division, as it was understood we would be, and being unable to make connection with either of these divisions, although they were ordered to march at the same time with our division, it became necessary to withdraw the reconnaissance and take up a defensive position until supported by the two divisions above referred to. Accordingly, under orders from the major-general commanding the division, I withdrew hence about 1,000 yards from my most advanced position and threw up a slight protection of boards and rails, the enemy having shown no disposition to attack. After holding this position about two hours it was ascertained that the First and Second Divisions had advanced in supporting distances on our right and left. The brigade then moved out toward the enemy in the direction of Cassville. The march was in column by company. We soon came upon the enemy posted behind Two-Run Creek, protected by hastily constructed works. As the position of the enemy was such as the expose his flank, he best a hastily retreat. To protect the artillery of the division, which was in position on a hill to my left, position I occupied until an advance of the whole line was made, in which this brigade took a part. Moving across the creek, the brigade was formed in two lines, with one regiment in advance supporting the skirmish line, connecting with the First Division on the left and with the Second Brigade of this division to the right. The brigade, as a part of the general line, advanced on Cassville, then occupied by the enemy, through a dense piece of wood. Considering the nature of the ground over which it passed, I regard this advance as highly creditable to the officers and men of the bridge. After advancing to the heights north of Cassville, it was found that the enemy had retreated form that place behind formidable works on the opposite heights. The day being place behind formidable works on the opposite heights. The day being now for spent (it being after sundown), pursuant to orders, I marched my brigade back to the northerly side of Two-Run Creek and encamped for the night. On the 20th, 21st, and 22nd the brigade remained in camp, to rest and recover from the exhaustion of the campaign. On the 23rd the brigade marched from its camp near Cassville to Euharlee, on the south side of Etowah River; distance, sixteen miles. On the 24th the brigade marched form Euharlee to Burnt Hickory; distance, eighteen miles.

