
On the 25th the brigade marched from Burnt Hickory under orders to take a formation with the division on the Dallas and Marietta road. The march of the brigade was much retarded and obstructed by McCook's cavalry, which was ordered to march a part of the way on the same road with this brigade. But as cavalry is supposed to move with more celerity than infantry, it was expected that it would be out of the way before the road was required for infantry. At about 3 p.m. the brigade came upon the road leading from -- to --, when it became know that the Second Division (General Geary) had passed on the same road, and a short distance in advance had a sharp encounter with the enemy, and that the enemy was prepared to dispute our farther progress. The Twentieth Corps was ordered to make an attack and drive the enemy away. This brigade was first ordered to support the First Division (General Williams) in the attack, and to that end was formed in line of battle by battalion in mass, with direction to take deploying intervals as it advanced. Before I had advanced far I was ordered to move my brigade to the east side of the road and move to the attack, connecting with Williams' left. As soon as two regiments had crossed--the Fifty-fifth Ohio and One hundred and thirty-sixth New York in the front line, and the Seventy-third Ohio and Twenty-sixth Wisconsin in the second line-I was ordered to advance, keeping the road on my right. On communicating to Major-General Butterfield the fact that the Thirty-third Massachusetts, forming a part of my first line, had not crossed the road, he directed me to place it behind the line in reserve. As I was advancing in this position the enemy opened a sharp musketry fire on my left flank. As the fire developed a considerable force on my flank, I faced the Thirty-third Massachusetts in the direction, and advanced on that position of the enemy. In this way I advanced as long as it was light enough to see, swinging round my left so as not to lose connection with the other regiments of the brigade. A deep ravine, a creek, and a morass separated me from the forces that attacked my left. My left advanced to this ravine and creek, and my right and center as far as First Division advanced. With the close of the day a rain-storm and intense darkness set in, which put a stop to operations on both sides. I held the position to which we were advanced until 12 o'clock at night, when, in pursuance of orders from division headquarters, I marched the brigade back on the road to the rear of the First Division and bivouacked for the night. On the 27th of May my brigade was moved to the extreme right and rear of the corps and bivouacked in column by battalion, and on the 28th relieved General Ward's brigade, of this division, in the front line; intrenched on the extreme right of the Twentieth Army Corps, where it remained until the 1st of June.

On the 1st of June last this brigade was in line of battle near New Hope Church, behind a line of breast-works, forming a second line, the first line of which was composed of the Second Brigade of this division. At 12 o'clock of that day the brigade was relieved by a brigade of the Fifteenth Corps, Army of the Tennessee, and marched about five miles toward the left flank of the army and encamped on the left of the First Division. At 12 o'clock on the 2nd of June the brigade broke camp and marched about two miles farther to the left, and bivouacked in line of battle by battalions in mass in two lines in support of the Twenty-third Corps, which posi-

