
tion was occupied until 3 o'clock on the following day, when the brigade moved still farther to the left and bivouacked on the road leading to McLean's house, in rear and support of Hovey's brigade, of Twenty-third Corps, in line of battle deployed in two lines. The brigade occupied this position until the morning of the 6th of June, when it marched on the Acworth road about two miles, where it formed a line of battle near Widow Hull's, with its right resting on the Sandtown road. A strong and substantial line of breast-works, extending the whole front of the brigade deployed in one line,was here constructed. The brigade occupied this position unmolested until the 15th day of June. At 2 o'clock on that day the brigade broke camp and marched on the Sandtown road in pursuit of the enemy, he having retreated from his intrenched position. After marching about a mile a line of battle was formed, this brigade forming the third line, in rear of the First and Second Brigades. The enemy's pickets were in our front, and it was ascertained that he had taken up a new position, extending across the Sandtown road, on which we were marching. A reconnaissance was ordered to be made for the purpose of developing his line and strength. The division moved forward in line of battle, with its right resting on the Sandtown road, this brigade acting as support to the First Brigade, which advanced on the enemy's lines. The enemy was discovered in a strongly intrenched position, with a battery of artillery resting upon and covering the approach on the Sandtown road. After advancing to within about 100 yards of the enemy's works the brigade bivouacked for the night. This position was held until the 17th of June. On the night of the 16th of June the enemy abandoned his position and retreated, and at 9 o'clock the following day this brigade marched in pursuant. The enemy was soon discovered occupying a new position near Noyes' Creek. This brigade and also the First Brigade of this division were held in reserve in rear of the new line of battle formed by the First Division, with orders to march to the support of any part of the line that might be attacked. The brigade occupied this position until Sunday, the 19th of June. On the night of the 18th of June the enemy again retreated toward Marietta, and took up a position on and covered by Kenesaw Mountain. On the 19th of June this brigade marched in pursuit of the enemy Noyes' Creek on the Dallas and Marietta road. The farther progress being disputed by the enemy's pickets, I formed a line of battle on the night of the road and advanced the brigade to a considerable distance the enemy's skirmishers, the brigade was halted. This line was held until dark, when the brigade was withdrawn behind the Second Brigade, about 100 yards to the rear, where a line of breast-works had been erected. Here the brigade went into camp and occupied the position until the 22nd of June. On the 20th of June, at 5 p. m., the brigade marched out of camp on the right of its position to support the First Division, which was about taking up a position to the right of and in advance of the position then occupied by the Third Division. The First Division got into position without being molested by the enemy, and this brigade, by order, returned to its camp.

On the 21st of June I received orders from Major-General Butterfield to make a reconnaissance with two regiments to the right, in front of our position. I accordingly ordered the One hundred and

