
picket-line on the morning of the 30th, in pursuance of special orders from corps commander, for the purpose of securing a ridge occupied by the pickets of the enemy. This movement was executed at break of day and took the enemy entirely by surprise, and resulted in the capture of 117 prisoners, among whom were 4 commissioned officers, with a loss on our part of 2 enlisted men wounded. The position was of the utmost importance to the enemy, as was indicated by his determined efforts to regain it during the whole of that day. Our entire loss was 11 enlisted men killed, commissioned officer wounded, and 57 enlisted men wounded. On the 25th [of August] this corps was ordered to take position on the south side of Chattahoochee River, which it did, arriving in camp at break of day on the 26th, the Second Brigade being posted on the right of the railroad bridge, the First in the center, and the Third on the left, where we erected formidable works and watched the movements of the enemy by daily reconnaissances. On the 28th I was relieved from the command of the division and assumed command of my brigade. On the 2nd of september I marched my brigade, in obedience to orders, out of the breast-works on the Chattahoochee River and entered the city of Atlanta without opposition, the enemy having evacuated on the night of the 1st, and took position in his breastworks on the left of the Decatur road, in the southeast portion of the city.

The above is a brief summary of the operations of my brigade from the 28th of April last to the occupation of Atlanta by this corps on the 2nd instant. In concluding this brief report, I feel that I would be doing great injustice to my little brigade did I fail to make an effort to have its effective strength increased. I would, therefore, respectfully ask that at least one more regiment may be added to it. When the brigade marched from Decherd, Tenn., on the 28th of last April, its aggregate effective force was 2,308. It gained during the campaign 53 recruits. It has lost in killed, wounded, and missing, 797 officers and men, and to-day its aggregate effective strength is but 1,254, having also lost by discharge and sickness, 302 officers and men. I can but regret that so many brave officers and men of my command have fallen in this campaign, but the knowledge that they have fallen in a just and righteous cause will, I feel well assured, stimulate to renewed efforts the brave band that remains in the speedy suppression of this God-forsaken rebellion. I cannot conclude this report without tendering my heartfelt thanks to each individual member of my staff, composed of the following-named officers: Captain Palmer, assistant adjutant-general; Captain E. L. Witman, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain George B. Caldwalader, assistant quartermaster; Captain Ramsey, commissary of subsistence; Captain Smith, acting assistant inspector-general, and to captain Mason, provost-marshal; my aides, Lieutenants John H. Knipe, Burns, and Selheimer, for the prompt and cheerful manner in which they discharged their whole duty. In the death of my nephew, Lieutenant Knipe, I have sustained the loss of a sincere friend, and the country a brave soldier. Although born in Virginia, he remained true to his country, and nobly yielded up his young life in the defense of its flag. His dying words to me were, "I have endeavored to do my duty; of you were satisfied with my conduct, I am ready and willing to die." Accompanying this report please find the reports of my regimental com-

