
brigade in a remarkably short space of time constructed a line of breast-works covering its entire front. It was subsequently ascertained that the troops seen in our front were a portion of our own army advancing on the enemy's line. On the night of the 4th of July the enemy again abandoned their works and retreated to the Chattahoochee River. On the morning of the 5th this brigade marched in pursuit of the enemy, but the advance was very slow, owing to the road being blocked by troops and trains. We crossed the Nickajack Creek and went into camp after dark on its west bank, about two miles from Chattahoochee River. On the 6th of July the brigade marched to a new position, on the east side of Nickajack Creek, in the same relative position to the Chattahoochee River, connecting with the Second Brigade on my right and First Brigade on my left. Here we went into camp and continued until the 17th day of July. At 3 o'clock of that day, in the afternoon, the brigade broke camp and commenced its marched toward Chattahoochee River; crossed the river at Pace's Ferry, marched in a northeastern direction about three miles, and went into camp on the right of First Brigade, near Nancy's Creek.

On the 18th of July we marched toward Buck Head, the having first made a reconnaissance to and across Nancy's Creek and ascertained that the enemy was not in any force at or near that creek. The brigade marched to the Dalton road in line of battle deployed, when it charged direction to the left and continued its advance on that road. Having ascertained that the Fourth Corps occupied Buck Head, the brigade formed its formation from line of battle deployed to column by companies, and continued its advance in that formation. The brigade reached Buck Head at about 5 p. m. and went into position to the left of the Buck Head road and south of the Decatur road in single line of battle deployed. This position the brigade occupied until morning of the 20th of July. ON the morning of the 20th of July the brigade, with the division of which it forms a part, left its camp near Buck Head to cross Peach Tree Creek. The Second Division (Brigadier-General Geary) and a part or the whole of Major-General Newton's division, of the Fourth Corps, had crossed this creek the day previous and taken a position on the south bank, leaving a gap between the right of Newton's division and the left of Geary's to be filled by the Third Division. The crossing of the creek by this brigade and division was effected about 11 a. m. of the 20th without opposition. As soon as the brigade was effected about 11 a. m. of the 20th without opposition. As soon as the brigade was across the creek, by order of division headquarters, I sent forward the One hundred and thirty-sixth New York Volunteer Infantry to act as skirmishers and to drive off the enemy's pickets and skirmishers, to enable the division to get into position. The regiment was sent to the right of the position the division was to occupy and deployed, and sent forward skirmishers which connected with Geary's division on the right and a regiment of the Second Brigade, deployed for the same purpose, on the left. On the south side of Peach Tree Creek is a piece of flat or bottom land extending from Geary's left to Newton's right and of an average width of 200 yards. From this bottom the ground rises somewhat abruptly into a bluff or ridge, more abruptly on the left than on the right. From the crest of this bluff or ridge the land descends to a ravine from which another ridge rises, which ridge seemed to be continuous, extending in front of the whole corps as well as Newton's division, of the Fourth Corps. As soon as the skirmish-

