
the enemy, could not be excellent by the troops in this or any other army, and is worthily of the highest commendation and praise. It is to be hoped that such conduct will be held up as an example for others, and will meet its appropriate reward. On the 21st of July the brigade held the ground and position occupied by it at the close of the battle of the 20th. On the night of that day the enemy retreated and withdraw behind their works, which covered and protected the city of Atlanta.

On the morning of the 22nd this brigade again marched in pursuit of the enemy and advanced within two miles of the center of the city of Atlanta. Here the bridge went into position in line of battle deployed in two lines on the right of and connecting with the Second Division on our right, and constructed a line of breast-works covering its entire front. The enemy opened upon us with his artillery from forts and works in Atlanta, but did no damage. On the 23rd I was ordered to take a position on the right of the First Division, for the purpose of strengthening and re-enforcing the brigade that held the Marietta road and the railroad. According, I marched my brigade to the position designated, relieved that part of Ruger's brigade, of First Division, that held the line between the Marietta road and the railroad, and held and occupied that part of the line with my brigade, deployed in line of battle in two lines, protected by breast-works and by abatis and other obstructions in the front. On the 24th of July I changed the line by throwing the left forward about eighty yards, so as to make the front line a straight line, and constructed a new line of breast-works extending from the left of the right regiment to the left of the line. This work was constructed during the night of Saturday, the 23d, and occupied by the troops at daylight the next morning. The brigade occupied this position until the 30th of July, the only change being that on the evening of the 26th of July this brigade was relieved from the front line by Ruger's brigade, of First Division, and took a position on the second line, covered and protected by breast-works. On the 30th of July the brigade was ordered to march to the right and support, in connection with the division, Davis' division, of the Fourteenth Corps, in a reconnaissance toward East Point. Accordingly, the brigade marched to the right flank of the army and took up a position on the right of the Fifteenth Corps. The brigade continued on the right of the army until the 2nd of August, when it returned and took position in line of battle on the right of the Second Brigade of the division and connecting with the Sixteenth Corps on the right, in advance of the position lately occupied by the Fourteenth Corps. Here the brigade constructed a line of breast-works, covering its entire front in a sufficient strength to resist artillery. This position was held until the morning of the 8th of August. On the 7th of August I received orders to advance the line and fortify it. This created a necessity for an entire new line of works, except the works in front of one regiment on the left. A brigade, was ordered to assist in constructing the works. The works were constructed on the night of the 7th, and were occupied by the brigade on the morning of the 8th. On Tuesday, the 9th, the right regiment of my brigade was relieved on the front line by a regiment of a brigade from the Fourteenth Corps, above alluded to. The regiment so relieved was held in reserve. The Sixteenth Corps having advanced their line, I was ordered to

