
advance by a detail from the three bridges of the division. The works were so far completed that on the evening of the 10th I moved the brigade into the new line, and the works were completed by the regiment which lay behind them. This position was occupied by the brigade, one regiment in reserve, until the 13th of August.

On the 11th of August I received an order still farther to advance my line to connect on the left with the Second Brigade, which also works to cover this advance. Accordingly, working parties were detailed, the work was constructed as ordered, and the brigade moved into the new line on the morning of the 13th. The new position was occupied by the brigade until the evening of the 25th of August. On the evening of the 24th orders were received that this brigade and the Second Brigade of this division would march on the evening of the 25th to Turner's Ferry, on the Chattahoochee, to hold and cover the ferry, pending the contemplated movement of the army to the army to the right and rear of Atlanta, with the view of cutting the Macon railroad, on which the enemy relied for the transportation of his supplies. I was also ordered to send one regiment to Turner's Ferry on the morning of the 25th to construct a line of breast-works to protect the brigade when it should take possession there. Accordingly, on the morning of the 25th, the Twentieth Connecticut Volunteer Infantry was dispatched to Turner's Ferry for the purpose indicated, with instructions to comply with the order. At 8 p. m. of the 25th the brigade was withdrawn from behind the line of works, marched across Proctor's Creek on the Turner's Ferry road, where it was massed and halted to await the movement of a certain part of the Fourth Corps. At 2 a. m. of the 26th the brigade resumed its march toward Turner's Ferry, at which point it arrived at 5 a.m.; went into position in line of battle; deployed in single line on the left of Second Brigade, its right resting on the Turner's Ferry road and its left on the Chattahoochee River. As soon as it was in position the brigade commenced vigorous work to construct the line of defenses by throwing up breast-works, making abatis, cutting down trees for obstructions, and planting other obstacles to the approach of the enemy. On the 27th day of August, and before the defenses were fully completed, the enemy made a demonstration upon us by a force consisting of two brigades of infantry and a battery of four pieces of artillery, under Brigadier-General [Major-General] French. He opened upon us an attack of his infantry, but as soon as he discovered the strength of our position and received one or two rounds from a section of a battery, within range of which he had planted his artillery, he discontinued his attack, and retreated from our position. Our casualties were 2 killed, 1 wounded, and 2 missing. This position was held without further molestation from the enemy until the 2nd of September. On the morning of the 2nd of September a detachment of 400 men was sent from this brigade to join a similar detachment from the Second Brigade, for the purpose of making a reconnaissance toward Atlanta. The reconnaissance was made, and it was ascertained that the enemy on the night of the 1st of September, after destroying his ordnance stores and other stores then in city, had evacuated the city and retreated southward. The city was formally surrendered by the mayor and common council, and taken possession of by the troops composing the reconnoitering party. That portion of the brigade

