
which formed the detachment detailed for the reconnaissance did not return to Turner's Ferry, but was held in the city for its protection. I was ordered to take the balance of my brigade and join that portion of it already in the city. On the 4th of September I moved my headquarters to the city of Atlanta and the balance of the brigade, with brigade train, marched into the city, joined that portion already there, and took a position in the south part thereof, behind the works built and abandoned by the rebels.

This brigade left Lookout Valley on the 2nd of May, 1864, numbering 1,900 officers and men. During the latter part of May the Twentieth Connecticut Volunteers joined the brigade with 400 men. This regiment and the Thirty-third Massachusetts Volunteers have been detached, one or the other of them, since the latter part of May, monthly and show a loss during the campaign in killed, 8 officers, 157 enlisted men; in wounded, 34 officers, 717 enlisted men; in missing, 1 officer, 24 enlisted men; total, 941.

This ends the campaign of Atlanta, commencing, so far as this brigade is concerned, on the 2nd of May last, and ending with the occupation of Atlanta, as herein stated-a campaign as difficult, arduous as it has been successful and triumphant. During its continuance this brigade has been actively and almost uninterruptedly engaged either constructing defenses, in hard marches, severe skirmishers, terrific battles, or in the trenches and in line of battle, watching a cautious and vigilant enemy. It has shrunk from on duty and avoided no danger. Its promptness, its discipline, its bravery, and its efficiency have at all times and under all circumstances been conspicuous. Its conduct has been such as to warrant me in adding that I feel proud of my command. My thanks are due and are hereby most heartily tendered to every individual officer and man of which it is composed for the cheerfulness, alacrity, and zeal with which every order I have given has been obeyed and for the apparent confidence which has been reposed in me. I cannot express in too strong terms the commendation to which, in my judgment, the entire command is entitled. It has fairly won, and I trust will promptly receive, the commendation and gratitude of the Government it has been fighting to uphold and of the people whose liberties it has endeavored to maintain and secure. The depleted ranks, its maned and disabled members, the graves of its killed found on almost every rod of ground between Dalton and Atlanta, proclaim in silent but expressive and eloquent language, not only the indomitable courage and gallantry which has characterized its operations, but the immense cost and sacrifice with which our successes have been obtained. Peace to the brave, the honored dead! May their names be revered and their patriotism and courage remembered by a generous Government and a grateful people, and may their afflicted families and mourning children reap the just reward of their labor. I cannot close this my final report of the operations of my brigade in the campaign of Atlanta without giving renewed expression to the thanks which I deem to be due to the officers of my staff for their kindness and gentlemanly conduct as members of my military family, for the alacrity, zeal, and dispatch with which they have promulgated my orders, for the energy and ability with which they have discharged their specific duties, for the bravely and gallantry they have displayed on every battle-field and in the face of every danger, and for the constant efforts they have made to relieve me of the

