
onel Fourat, from General Geary's division. From thence my command marched to Snake Creek Gap, where it joined the brigade. Only one serious casualty occurred, Sergt. John E. Bunbury, Company F, Nineteenth Michigan Infantry, who was severely wounded while gallantly advancing on the enemy. Much credit is due to Major Griffin, commanding the skirmish line in its advance, and to Captain Dickerman and Lieutenant Fonda, commanding the right and left wings of the same. I desire to thank and commend the officers and men under my command for their uniform promptness and bravery. Not an officer or man faltered.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully,

SAMUEL ROSS,

Colonel Twentieth Connecticut, Commanding Forces.

Lieutenant F. C. CRAWFORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. TWENTIETH CONNECTICUT VOL. INFANTRY, Camp near Cassville, Ga., May 22, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: Pursuant to instructions, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment from the 13th to the 19th instant, inclusive, embracing the battle at Resaca, Ga., on the 15th instant, and the assault and capture of Cassville, Ga., on the 19th instant:

On the morning of the 13th the regiment, with the brigade and division, moved from its camp in rear of General McPherson's command, near the easterly entrance to Snake Creek Gap, toward the enemy, then in and around Resaca, and arriving in a thick wood formed line of battle and awaited developments of the enemy's position. Moved on in hours and again formed in line of battle at King's house at 2 p. m. Remained in line about four hours, then advanced to the enemy's left. Finding that the Fourteenth Corps had driven the enemy from one of its positions, soon after dark moved with and brigade of the position occupied by General Johnson's division, Fourteenth Corps, and bivouacked in line of battle for the night. On the 14th advanced on the enemy's left, formed line of battle near our artillery, built breast-works, and remained during the day and night without being engaged. On the morning of the 15th moved with the division from the enemy's left to his right and participated in the attack upon and the turning of his right. This regiment occupied the following position in the brigade in the attack:

FRONT.

Nineteenth Michigan.

Twenty-second Wisconsin.

Eighty-fifth Indiana.

Twentieth Connecticut.

Thirty-third Indiana.

The brigade advanced between 1 and 2 p. m. in the above order, the order to advance being given by Captain Kellam, provost-marshal of the brigade. My regiment, occupying the second line in rear of the Eighty-fifth Indiana, was governed by the latter regiment in its movements. It was said that our Second Brigade was preceded by the First Brigade, but of this I personally knew nothing, further than what was said, and which I believed, but its

