
manders, as also a complete consolidated list of casualties.* Sickness is my excuse for not forwarding this report at an earlier day. All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. F. KNIPE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Captain S. E. PITTMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Twentieth Army Corps.

Numbers 182.

Report of Colonel Warren W. Packer, Fifth Connecticut Infantry.

ATLANTA, GA., September 12, 1864.

I have the honor to submit the following official report of the movements of the Fifth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers during the summer campaign of 1864:

On the 28th of April, 1864, the regiment left Cowan, Tenn., and crossed the Cumberland Mountains near the tunnel, arriving at Tantalon 29th; left Tantalon and marched to within two miles of Stevenson, Ala. 30th, broke camp at 7 a. m. and marched to Bridgeport, arriving there in advance of the brigade, and encamped on the north bank of the Tennessee River. May 1, marched to Shellbroke camp at 8 a. m. and marched across Lookout Mountain; encamped near Chattanooga. 4th, marched to Gordon's Mills. 5th, marched across the Chickamauga Creek and went into camp. 7th, broke camp at 6 a. m. and marched to Trickum Post-Office, and went into camp. 10th, broke camp at 1 a. m. and marched to Snake Creek Gap; went up Horn Mountain, built breast-works, and encamped. 11th, broke camp at 4 p. m. and marched down the mountain; sent out a fatigue party to repair roads, and encamped for the night. 12th, marched to Sugar Hollow. 13th, moved forward about two miles and remained there with the division until 2 o'clock; we then marched four miles, built breast-works, and threw out Companies I and B as skirmishers. At 5 p. m. we were ordered into position, as a support for the Third Division, and remained there all night. 14th, was ordered to move a mile and a half to the left; remained there until 3 p. m., when we were ordered up to the support of the Fourth Corps at Resaca, on the extreme left, a distance of seven or eight miles. 15th, at 12 m. received orders to move forward and engage the enemy; became engaged about 2 o'clock, which lasted till dark; repulsed several attacks of the enemy, and finally drove them from their position; loss, 1 commissioned officer and 42 men wounded, and 8 men killed. 16th, moved out of our breast-works at an early hour in pursuit of the enemy; crossed the Coosa River and encamped; marched about nine miles. 17th, marched across the Coosawattee River, and encamped within two miles of Calhoun. 18th, marched to within six miles of Kingston, a distance of twenty miles. 19th, marched on Cassville; regiment deployed as skirmishers; bivouacked before the town that night. 20th, marched into the town about 9 a. m. A heavy fire broke out in some large wooden buildings, which, after some hours' hard work, our men succeeded in

---------------

* Embodied in Williams' report, p. 37.

---------------

