
then advanced a few rods to support our artillery batteries, sending skirmishers to the front to drive back the enemy's sharpshooters. About 8 p. m. these two regiments, the Twentieth Connecticut and Nineteenth Michigan, assistant by no other troops, in line of battle with fixed bayonets, assaulted and captured Cassville and occupied it until the morning of the 20th instant, when we marched to the present camp.

The Twentieth Connecticut with Nineteenth Michigan, under my command, on the 10th instant took possession of Boyd's Trail, between Buzzard Roost and Dug Gap, driving out the enemy, and held possession thereof until the relieved by the Thirty-third New Jersey on the 11th instant.

I desire to mention the following company commanders for promptness and good conduct throughout these operations: Captains Dickerman, Company I; Woodruff, Company E; Smith, Company C; Post, Company D; Doolittle, Company B; Sprague, Company K; Tarr, Company F; and First Lieutenant Royce, Company G. The following are the casualties:*

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL ROSS,

Colonel, Commanding Twentieth Connecticut Vol. Infantry.

Lieutenant F. C. CRAWFORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 270.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Philo B. Buckingham, Twentieth Connecticut Infantry.

HDQRS. TWENTIETH CONNECTICUT VOL. INFANTRY, Atlanta, Ga., September 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Pursuant to instructions, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment during the past eventful campaign of four months' duration, from the 3rd of May to the 8th of September, inclusive:

On the 3rd of May the regiment left Lookout Valley, where it had been in camp since the 30th of April, 1864, and marched to Pleasant Grove, near Ringgold, Ga., where it arrived on the 4th and went into camp with Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps. On the 5th marched to Leet's Tannery and encamped. 7th, crossed Taylor's Ridge and Gordon's Gap, and at night encamped three miles southwest of Dalton, in front of the enemy, and built intrenchments, where it remained until the 10th, when it moved to Boyd's Trail. 11th, moved to Snake Creek Gap and assisted in repairing road through the gap, being thus employed until the morning of the 13th, when, together with the brigade and division, it moved from its camp in rear of General McPherson's command, near the easterly entrance to the gap, toward the enemy's then in and around Resaca, and arriving in a thick wood formed line of battle and awaited developments of the enemy's position. Moved on in four hours and

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 officer and 13 men wounded on the 15th and 4 men wounded on the 19th; total, 18.

