
again formed in line of battle at King's house at 2 p. m. Remained in line about four hours, then marched to the enemy's left. Finding that the Fourth Corps had driven the enemy from one of his positions, moved soon after dark with the brigade to the position occupied by General Johnson's division, of the Fourteenth Corps, and bivouacked for the night in line of battle. On the 14th advanced on the enemy's left, formed line of battle near our artillery, built breast-works, and remained during the day and night without being engaged. On the morning of the 15th moved with the division from the enemy's left to his right and participated in the attack upon and the turning of his right. This regiment occupied the following position in the brigade in the attack:

FRONT.

Nineteenth Michigan.

Twenty-second Wisconsin.

Eighty-fifth Indiana.

Twentieth Connecticut.

Thirty-third Indiana.

The brigade advanced between 1 and 2 p. m. in the above order, the order to advance being given by Captain Kellam, provost-marshal of the brigade. My regiment, occupying the second line in rear of the Eighty-fifth Indiana, was governed by the latter regiment in its movements. It was said that our Second Brigade was preceded by the First, but of this I personally knew nothing further than what was said, and which I believed, but its direction after crossing the first hill, so that I only had the movements of the Eighty-fifth Indiana in my front to guide me, and moved when and where it moved, and when it halted my regiment halted, as a matter of course. My regiment acted with the brigade during the battle of that day, officers and men promptly obeying every order. Where all acted so well, allusions to personal courage are uncalled for, and I will only refer to the most noteworthy. In passing the open ground, after crossing the first hill, under a heavy fire of musketry, grape, and canister, the color-bearer was hit and fell out of line; thereupon Adjt. C. Jay Du Bois seized the colors and gallantly carried them forward, holding them until our line was reformed on a new front, when he surrendered them to the sergeant designated to carry them. Soon after dark Lieutenant-Colonel Buckingham, with Company B, Captain John H. Doolittle, and Company D, Captain Oliver R. Post, with parties of their regiments of the brigade, was detailed to hold possession of and remove during the night, if possible, four 12-pounder brass pieces captured from the enemy that day, but so near the rebel breast-works as to be within easy musket-range, thus making it impossible to remove them by daylight. This duty he accomplished with perfect success, and by 2 a. m. the guns were brought within our lines. Lieutenant-colonel Buckingham acknowledges valuable assistance from Colonel Cobham, One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania, and his men. The regiment remained in line under arms during the night. The following are the casualties of that day, viz, wounded, 14. Monday, 16th, marched in pursuit of retreating enemy of Field's Mill, crossing Connesauga and Coosawattee Rivers, and bivouacked for the night. May 17, marched to a place about two miles southeast of Calhoun and bivouacked. May 18, marched to a point

