
on the Cassville road about two miles south of Doctor McDowell's house, on a high hill about four miles north of Cassville, and bivouacked in line of battle. May 19, about 11 a. m. this regiment was detailed with the Nineteenth Michigan Infantry, under my command, to report to Major-General Butterfield, then about two miles distant toward Kingston, with the First and Third Brigades; the other three regiments of the brigade remained behind with brigade headquarters. About 2 p. m. the division made a demonstration on the enemy with infantry and artillery, the Twentieth Connecticut and Nineteenth Michigan covering the right flank and supporting our artillery. The division advanced about half a mile and swung around on Cassville, the enemy retiring, when these regiments, under my command, were posted on the right of the division, my left connecting with the right of the Third Brigade. The formation of the division for a general advance being completed, these two regiments, thus posted on the right, advanced with the division in good order to the road near the seminary, officers and men acting promptly and bravely. Lieutenant-Colonel Buckingham commanded the Twentieth Connecticut and Major Griffin the Nineteenth Michigan, both discharging their duties with ability and zeal. At this time Colonel Coburn arrived upon the ground and assumed command of these two regiments after that part of the day's operations were over, without the other three regiments; two of the three others were on the march and arrived about or a little after dark. The Twentieth Connecticut was then advanced a few rods to support our artillery, sending skirmishers to the front to drive back the sharpshooters of the enemy. About 8 p. m. these two regiments, the Twentieth Connecticut and the Nineteenth Michigan, assisted by no other troops, in line of battle with fixed bayonets, assaulted and captured Cassville and occupied it until the morning of the 20th instant. I desire to mention the following company commanders for promptness and good conduct throughout these operations, viz: Captain Kickerman, Company I; Captain Woodruff, Company E; Captain Smith, Company C; Captain Post, Company D; Captain Doolittle, Company B; Captain Sprgue, Company K; Captain Tarr, Company F; First Lieutenant Royce, Company G. The following are the casualties: wounded, 4. On the morning of the 20th, after the battle of Cassville and its occupation by this regiment and the Nineteenth Michigan, the enemy was found to have evacuated their works and fled. These regiments, under the command of Colonel Ross, then rejoined the brigade, from which they had been temporarily detached, and moved with the whole corps to the right of Cassville and encamped, where we remained until the morning of the 23d, in the mean time procuring such supplies of clothing and ordnance stores as were necessary. At 4 a. m. on the 23rd the regiment, with the corps, was put in motion in pursuit of the enemy, and about 3 p. m. crossed the Etowah River and bivouacked for the night in line of battle. On the 24th the regiment was detailed to guard the ordnance and supply trains of the division, on which duty it remained until the 13th of June. On the 27th of May we were transferred from the Second to the Third Brigade of this division. June 13, the regiment was ordered to proceed to Acworth and report to the issuing commissary at that place for provost and guard duty, where it arrived about 2 p. m. and immediately entered upon the duty assigned to it, Colonel Ross assuming command of the post. We remained here until July 8, when the

