
enemy having been compelled to evacuate Kenesaw Mountain and Marietta, three companies of the regiment proceeded to Marietta, and the remainder to Big Shanty. On the 11th the balance of the regiment left Big Shanty and joined Colonel Ross at Marietta. The 13th Colonel Ross was ordered by Major-General Sherman, commanding Military Division of the Mississippi, to assume command of the post at Marietta, where he remained with the regiment until the 16th, when it joined the brigade to which it belonged in the front. After the regiment had reached the front, Colonel Ross received an order detaching him from it and directing him to return to Marietta and resume command of that post. On the 17th the regiment, under my command, in connection with the corps to which it is attached, crossed the Chattahoochee River about dark, and after advancing some four miles bivouacked for the night in column by division. About 10 a. m. of the following day line of the brigade, and an advance was made, driving the skirmishers of the enemy before us across Nancy Creek to Buck's Bluff, about two miles, where we halted for the night in line of battle, with the Fourth Corps on our left and the Fourteenth Corps on our right. On the 20th we again advanced, and about noon crossed Peach Tree Creek, where we were again halted in column by division and rested for about an hour. About 1 p. m. the regiments of this brigade were deployed in line of battle in the following order, with two regiments in front: In the front line, on the right the Twenty-sixth Wisconsin, on the left the Twentieth Connecticut; in the second line the Fifty-fifth and Seventy-third Ohio Regiments, the Twentieth being thus placed in the front line on the extreme left of the division and corps and adjoining the Fourth Corps. The First Division occupied the right of the Twentieth Corps, the Second Division the center, and the Third Division the left. In the Third Division the First Brigade occupied the right, the Second the center, and the Third the left. After being formed in proper order, the order was given to advance to a ravine about 100 rods in our front. This was accomplished under a heavy fire from the skirmishers of the enemy, who were driven back, our line advancing in excellent order. Here we again rested for about three-quarters of an hour, until other dispositions were made, when, in connection with the Fourth Corps, our whole line was advanced to the crest of a hill in our front. On arriving at this point the enemy, who was concealed in a ravine, made a desperate charge along the entire front of the Twentieth Corps and the right of the Fourth. This was received with a steady and terribly destructive fire from our front line, which stood firmly, determined not to give a single inch of ground. The brigade of the Fourth Corps on our immediate left was compelled, after a short but severe struggle, to fall back some twenty or thirty rods in considerable confusion, but soon reformed, charged, and drove the enemy back, recovering the lost ground. When this brigade fell back the enemy followed closely, thus not only threatening the left flank and rear of my regiment, but actually opened fire upon us from that position. I immediately threw back five companies on my left, so as to face the enemy, and opened fire in that direction, thus contributing not a little in repulsing the enemy on the front of the right of the Fourth Corps. After this corps (the Fourth) had recovered its position in line we were again

