
ordered to advance through a ravine and to the top of a high ridge in our front, which we were to take and hold at all hazards. Our skirmishers had before this been compelled to take refuge within our lines, and we were again advanced, drove the enemy out of the ravine, up and over the hill, punishing him severely as his scattered regiments retired over the rising ground, as the numerous dead and wounded in our front bore witness. On arriving at the top of the ridge we halted, formed the line in perfect order, and held the ground firmly until the battle was over. The right of the Fourth Corps, on account of the determined opposition received, was not able to advance up to our line, but held their line, some twenty-five rods to our left and rear. The enemy was soon discovered, not only advancing at a charge in our front, but also to our left, against the Fourth Corps, and two companies on my left were ordered to ace the flank the enemy and open fire in that direction, while the remaining companies maintained a determined fire against the three lines of the enemy advancing in our front. The attack was repulsed and the enemy fell back in confusion, and, although repeated charges were made during the afternoon, our lines remained firm and immovable. In the early part of the action the Fifty-fifth Ohio was moved from the second line to our left, to fill the space between our left and the right of the Fourth Corps. The regiment stood for four hours in the open field and fought with most determined courage and steadiness during this most obstinate battle. The regiment was relieved by the One hundred and thirty-sixth New York about sundown, after having fired 150 rounds of ammunition per man, and after the muskets had become so foul from use as to be almost entirely unserviceable. On being relieved we fell back a short distance and remained under fire, supporting the One hundred and thirty-sixth back, leaving his dead and wounded on the field. Wounded rebel officers belonging to the Third, Thirty-third, Fifty-fifth [Thirty-fifth?], and Forty-fourth Mississippi Regiments, left on the field in front of the Twentieth, remarked that they had lost more men during this engagement in killed and wounded than they had before during the war. During our advance a rebel color bearer in front of the right of my regiment was killed, and a rebel officer, who sprang forward and seized the colors to bear them off, was also shot dead, but a soldier from the Twenty-sixth Wisconsin succeeded in obtaining the flag. During the action our division captured 7 stand of colors. The night following a formidable line of intrenchments was thrown up along the entire front of our corps, and the succeeding day was spent in burying our own corps, and the succeeding day was spent in burying our won and the dead of the enemy. The casualties in this regiment at the battle of Peach Tree Creek were as follows, viz: Commissioned officers wounded, 6; enlisted men killed, 8; wounded, 41. On the morning of the 22nd it was found that the enemy had abandoned our immediate front, and in connection with the corps the regiment moved to within about two miles of Atlanta, where the enemy was again found strongly intrenched. After proper disposition of the troops had been made and line of battle formed, a strong line of intrenchments was constructed under quite a spirited shelling from the enemy. An attack was made during the day upon our skirmish line, in which 2 men of the regiment were wounded. At the same time 1 other was supposed to have been

