
captured, as he was reported missing from the skirmish line. On the 23rd the enemy again endeavored to force back our line of skirmishers, but was repulsed, and during the skirmish the regiment had 1 enlisted man killed, 1 was reported missing, probably captured, and 1 non-commissioned officer wounded and taken prisoner. Toward night the regiment, with the brigade, moved to the right of the First Division of this corps and adjoining the left of the Fourteenth Corps, near the Chattanooga and Atlanta Railroad, where it occupied the same line of works already constructed, and during the night a detail of 125 men from the regiment assisted in building a new line of works considerably in advance of the old one. On the 25th we had 1 enlisted man killed and on the 28th 1 wounded. On the last-named date the regiment, with the brigade, was ordered to the extreme right of the army, in support of troops engaged there, but before arriving at the designated position the enemy was repulsed and we were ordered back to the position last occupied. On the 29th the regiment accompanied the division, moving to the extreme right of our lines, in support of a reconnaissance made by a division of the Fourteenth Corps. The lines of the enemy were fund, and after a brief skirmish between the division of the Fourteenth Corps and the enemy, we halted for the night and threw up intrenchments. The following day an advance was again made, a new position occupied, the regiment and division being held in reserve. On the 3rd of August the regiment moved back with the division to the position on the right of the Chattanooga and Atlanta Railroad, held by the Fourteenth Corps, relieving it and occupying the intrenchments in that portion of the line. In this position the regiment remained, assisting by details made in advancing our line and constantly skirmishing with the enemy and under his artillery fire, till the morning of the 25th of August, when it was ordered to move out of the works in front of Atlanta and proceed to Turner's Ferry, on the Chattahoochee River, which place the regiment reached about noon, and under the direction of Colonel Wood, commanding the brigade, laid out and partially constructed a line of works for the whole brigade, the balance of which joined us on the 26th, when the works were completed. On the 27th the enemy appeared in our front, opened upon us with artillery, and drove in our skirmishers, but on approaching our works were repulsed. The loss in the regiment in this skirmish was 1 enlisted man killed, 1 wounded, and 1 missing. The 21st a detail of fifty men was made from the regiment to proceed, with similar details from other regiments of the division, on a reconnaissance toward Atlanta. On the 2nd instant a detail of 120 men was made for the same purpose, and with others details from the regiments composing the Second and Third Brigades of the division, all under the command of Colonel Coburn, of the Second Brigade, proceeded to Atlanta, and with but little opposition occupied the city. During the day a further detail of seventy-two men from this regiment was ordered to join the troops already in the city. On the morning of the 4th the remainder of the regiment, together with the balance of the brigade, joined the troops in the city and occupied the rebel works on the south side of the same, where we have remained until the present date. Captain E. D. Dickerman, of Company I, was in command of the regiment from the 1st to the 6th of May, Lieutenant Colonel P. B. Buckingham, from the 6th to the 9th, Colonel Samuel Ross from the 9th of May to the 16th of July, Lieutenant Colonel P. B. Buckingham from the 16th July to the date at which this report closes. Below be pleased to find a de-

