
brigade was again withdrawn and returned to the division. Wednesday, 11th, the line of march being again taken up and passing through Snake Creek Gap, the regiment was stationed with the brigade on a range of hills in close proximity to the enemy, a portion of the regiment being again advanced on the skirmish line and sustaining a loss of 1 killed and 2 wounded. At the battle of Resaca, during a number of bayonet charges the regiment lost 15 killed and 65 wounded; among these were First Lieutenants Parker and Bumpus killed and First Lieutenant J. H. Williams wounded. During the skirmish of May 19, near Cassville, Ga., the regiment had 2 men wounded.

GODFREY RIDER, JR.,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Thirty-third Massachusetts.

Captain JOHN SPEED,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Div., Twentieth Corps.

Numbers 272.

Report of Major Elisha Doane, Thirty-third Massachusetts Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-THIRD Regiment MASSACHUSETTS VOLS.,Atlanta, Ga., September 10, 1864.

At the commencement of the spring campaign, which opened May 2, 1864, the Thirty-third Massachusetts, in connection with the Third Brigade, Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps, left their pleasant camp in Lookout Valley, Tenn., and after a series of marches arrived at a position near Buzzard Roost, near which the enemy was found to occupy a strong position on Rocky Face Ridge, forming a portion of the defenses of Dalton. On the 9th of May the Third Brigade was detached from the corps and proceeded to Mill Creek Gap, a distance of four miles, where line of battle was formed, and two companies from the Thirty-third were deployed as skirmishers; after a short skirmish the brigade was withdrawn and returned to its former position. May 11, reveille sounded at 2 a. m., and the column having passed through Snake Creek Gap, arrived at a position near Resaca and formed line of battle. On the skirmish line, May 14, Company C had 1 man killed and 2 wounded. May 15, the Third Division having been relieved it proceeded to join the First and Second Divisions, which had previously been sent to re-enforce the Fourth Corps on the left, and upon arriving at the latter position the Third Division was immediately engaged with the enemy. During this battle the Thirty-third charged three successive hills, sustaining a loss of 82 in killed, wounded, and missing. Among the casualties were First Lieutenants H. J. Parker and Edgar L. Bumpus killed and First Lieutenant J. H. Williams wounded. Remaining in camp near Cassville three days, the line of march was again taken up, and, crossing the Etowah River, arrived at a position near Dallas on the 25th of May, where the Second Division of the Twentieth Army Corps was already engaged with the enemy. The Third Division was immediately ordered up and the conflict became general. After remaining in the front line of battle more than eight hours the Third Brigade was withdrawn and fell back about 500 yards. In this engagement the Thirty-third lost 59 in killed, wounded, and missing; among these, Captain Turner, of Company C, was wounded in the hand.

