
On the 1st of June, having been relieved by the Fifteenth Corps, General Hooker's command proceeded to a position about five miles from Acworth and upon the right flank of the enemy. It having been ascertained that the enemy had retreated, the troops were put in motion, and, after driving the enemy from several lines of rifle-pits, arrived at a position near Kenesaw Mountain. During a series of skirmishers the Thirty-third lost 4 wounded; among these First Lieutenant H. P. Marston, wounded June 16. June 22, the Thirty-third Massachusetts was deployed as skirmishers, covering the front of the Third Brigade, and, chagrin the enemy's works, took possession of a hill on the left of the Second Division, the regiment losing 25 in killed, wounded, and missing. Captain C. E. Graves, of Company K, was wounded in the foot. The enemy having again abandoned their lines of intrenchments, pursuit was resumed on the 3rd day of July; moved a few lines daily until the 6th of July, when we encamped about three miles back from the Chattahoochee River. Remained in this position until the 6th of July, when we encamped about three miles back from the Chattahoochee River. Remained in this position until July 17, when the Thirty-third was detailed as division train guard. August 27, was relieved from duty as division train guard and ordered to report to Colonel Harrison, post commandant, near the bridges over the Chattahoochee. September 5, the Thirty-third was relieved from this duty and ordered to report to General Slocum, in Atlanta. The regiment is at present on duty in Atlanta guarding prisoners of war.

Respectfully submitted.

ELISHA DOANE,

Major, Commanding Thirty-third Massachusetts.

Captain C. H. YOUNG,

A. A. A. G., 3rd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 273.

Report of Major Henry L. Arnold, One hundred and thirty-sixth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. 136TH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOL. INFANTRY,Atlanta, Ga., September 25, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward the following report of operations in which this regiment was engaged during the past campaign:

On the 2nd of May the Twentieth Corps, of which this regiment formes a part, broke camp in Lookout Valley and marched over Lookout Mountain the direction of Buzzard Roost. The army concentrated in front of Rocky Face Ridge, and after a demonstration there this regiment, as part of the corps, moved to the right through Snake Creek Gap, in the neighborhood of Resaca, there confronting the enemy. On the morning of the 15th of May this regiment, as part of the Third Brigade, was marched to the left, when, forming in two lines on the left of the Fourth Corps, it was ordered to advance. Pushing forward, an advantageous position was secured, from which the enemy in vain attempted to dislodge us. The rebels took advantage of the following night to retreat. A vigorous pursuit was kept up, and this brigade, having the advance of the division, found the enemy in the vicinity of Cassville. The enemy continuing their retreat beyond Cassville, the regiment

