
remained near the place three days. About the 23rd of May the regiment, with the army, moved toward Dallas. Near the latter place the enemy was again encountered on the 25th of May, and the regiment, with the balance of Third Brigade, was ordered about dusk to advance. In the engagement which ensued this regiment did not open fire, as there were other troops in front of it, though the balance of the brigade was in the front line. About 11 p. m. the brigade was relieved and fell back to the rear, and on the 26th relieved the Second Brigade, Third Division, in the breast-works.

On the 1st of June the Twentieth Corps, being relieved, moved some five miles to the left and again advanced in support of the Twenty-third Corps in the operations in the vicinity of Acworth, near which place we remained several days, and from thence advanced to the vicinity of Pine Knob. On the 15th of June the regiment again encountered the enemy near Lost Mountain. The enemy being here outflanked by the advance of the Twenty-third Corps on the right of the Twentieth Corps, fell back to their line near Marietta, when the regiment again skirmished with the enemy. On the 21st this regiment, with the Fifty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, made a reconnaissance. The enemy being found strongly posted, the reconnoitering party, which was under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Faulkner, returned to camp at dark. On the 23rd of June the regiment, with the brigade, moved to the right on the Sandtown road, where we remained through the month of June. The regiment was not engaged until-having crossed the Chattahoochee River the 17th July-the enemy attacked us on the 20th of July on Peach Tree Creek, in which action for companies of the regiment were engaged as skirmishers, capturing the battle-flag of the Thirty-first Mississippi Regiment. At dusk the regiment relieved the Twentieth Connecticut Volunteers on the front line. On the 23rd of July the regiment, with the brigade moved forward till the enemy was encountered in his interior lines around Atlanta. In front of these lines the regiment remained until the 24th of August, when the corps moved back to Turner's Ferry, on the Chattahoochee River, where we remained until the 3rd of September, when, the enemy having evacuated Atlanta, the regiment, with the brigade, moved into the city.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. ARNOLD,

Major, Commanding.

Captain C. H. YOUNG,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 274.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edwin H. Powers, Fifty-fifth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTY-FIFTH REGIMENT OHIO VOL. INFANTRY,Atlanta, Ga., September 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Pursuant to circular from headquarters Third Brigade, Third Division, Twentieth Corps, September 22, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of this regiment since May 2, 1864, when the same entered the city of Atlanta:

Having received orders May 1, 1864, to be ready to march at daylight on the following morning, the regiment struck tents at 4 a. m.

