
of May 2, and, with the brigade, marched at about 7 a. m. toward Chattanooga, Tenn. Passing Lookout Mountain its direction was southeasterly, passing through Mission Ridge at Roosville, toward Dalton; continued marching in the direction of Tunnel Hill until reaching Wood's Store, which point it reached on the 7th of May. On the 8th it marched to near Buzzard Roost, where a detachment of two companies, B and D, drove the enemy from and occupied a hill in front of the enemy's position. After dark the regiment returned to camp at Woods' Store. May 9, the regiment again proceeded to Buzzard Roost and occupied the hill taken the previous day. Several casualties occurred in the regiment on this and the previous day. On the morning of May 11 the regiment marched in the direction of Snake Creek Gap. May 12, passed the gap and encamped at Sugar Valley. On the 13th moved on the enemy, taking position at night near the main line of the enemy, where it remained until the morning of the 15th, at which time the regiment, with the brigade, moved to the extreme left of the army, where, at 2 p. m. of that day, a charge was made upon enemy's position. The casualties in this regiment were very heavy. Among the killed were Colonel C. B. Gambee, Major R. Robbins, and Captain A. E. Peck. May 16, the enemy having disappeared in our front, the regiment marched in pursuit, coming up with him on the 19th at Cassville, Ga., when skirmishing ensued, in which the regiment participated. The regiment was engaged in no action thereafter until May 25, at which time, at New Hope Church, a severe contest ensued, in which other regiments of the brigade lost heavily. Owing to the position held by this regiment upon that occasion it sustained slight loss. From May 25 until the enemy fell back from Kenesaw mountain this regiment was almost constantly under his fire. On the 20th day of July it participated in the battle of Peach tree Creek, where it suffered severely, losing between 20 and 30 men. On the morning of July 22 the regiment moved with the brigade and formed a part of the besieging force which confronted the enemy around Atlanta, front of Atlanta and marched to Turner's Ferry, on the Chattahoochee River, where it remained until September 2, 1864, at which time a detachment of the regiment, with others, entered the city of Atlanta, the balance of the regiment joining the detachment on September 4, 1864.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. POWERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fifty-fifth Ohio Vol. Infantry, Commanding

Captain C. H. YOUNG,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 275.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Samuel H. Hurst, Seventy-third Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. 73rd REGIMENT OHIO VETERAN VOL. INFANTRY,Atlanta, Ga., September 23, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor, in obedience to orders, to report the operations of this command from the 2nd day of May, 1864, to the 20th of September, 1864:

On the 2nd of May the regiment, with 318 guns left its camp in

