
wounded. Falling back with the brigade to Turney's Ferry, when the main army moved upon Jonesborough, we came forward again and on the 4th of September took a position within the defenses of Atlanta, where we have been encamped to the present time. The campaign has been a severe one, the loss to this command in killed and wounded alone being 210 men and 8 officers, but the courage, the gallantry, the endurance, and determination of officers and men alike have proven their high soldierly capabilities, while the confident spirit of our troops gives full assurance that to our noble army Atlanta is but the "Gate City."

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. H. HURST,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 73rd Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain C. H. YOUNG,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 20th Corps.

Numbers 276.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Frederick C. Winkler, Twenty-sixth Wisconsin Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SIXTH Regiment WISCONSIN VOL. INFANTRY,Atlanta, Ga., September 25, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to submit the following report of operations of my regiment during the last campaign:

On the morning of May 2 we set out with 417 muskets and marched that day to Gordon's Mill. May 4, marched to Pleasant Grove, some four miles south of Ringgold. May 6, marched to Leet's farm. May 7, crossed Taylor's Ridge, over a very rugged road, passed through Gordon's Springs, and camped at night in Dogwood Valley, about three miles from Buzzard Roost. May 8, started about noon on a reconnaissance to Buzzard Roost where we first met the enemy. A skirmish ensued and was continued till night and resumed the next morning. Here Lieutenant Juenger and First Sergeant Stollberg were wounded. May 9, we started again at daylight and marched into Snake Creek Gap. Halted shortly after noon and were all put to work improving the road through the gap. May 12, marched forward several miles and halted. May 13, marched several miles and formed in order of battle near Resaca; skirmishing commenced about noon; we were left in reserve through the afternoon; took a position in the front line at night. May 14, remained in same position, with skirmishers out in front. The fire between the skirmishers became at times quite active, and we lost that day 1 man killed and 3 wounded. About midnight we were relieved and taken to the rear, where we slept till daylight. Shortly after marched to the extreme left of our army where dispositions for battle were soon made. The Twenty-sixth was formed on the right of the brigade in the front line and ordered to take a hill in its immediate front. Skirmishers were thrown out, and, supported by the main body of the regiment, soon succeeded to drive the rebel skirmishers out of a light breast-work they had thrown up on top of a hill, and we gained its brow. The rest of the brigade soon joined us on the left. Here we

