
halted some time. The rebels' main line of fortifications was on a ridge nearly parallel to the one we occupied, and separated from it by a valley very densely covered by a young growth of pines. We moved forward again, drove the rebel skirmishers back into their works, and pressed on to an assault. The fire of canister and musketry that met us was terrific, the rebels' work proved very difficult of access, and the density of the forest made the preservation of a serried line impossible, so that although the works were actually gained in some places, the assault as a whole proved unsuccessful. We drew back into the valley, reformed the line, and attempted another assault, but again in vain. Orders were then given to fall back to the first hill, and there the regiment was collected. The rebels made a desperate charge to regain this position but were completely repulsed. The regiment lost in this day's action Lieutenant Christian Philip and 5 men killed and 40 wounded. After dark we were relieved by other troops and allowed to rest a short distance to the rear. May 16, the rebels having evacuated Resaca during the night, we started in pursuit about 10 a. m., marched southwesterly, crossed the Connesauga on a log bridge, and arrived after dark at Field's Mill, on the Coosawattee River, which we crossed in a ferry boat and then halted. About 1 p. m. 17th set out in a southwesterly course and rested that night about two miles west of Calhoun; 18th, started at 5 a. m., and marched south. About the middle of the afternoon our advance encountered rebel skirmishers supported by a section of artillery. One regiment of the brigade was deployed as skirmishers and the Twenty-sixth marched in line of battle in their support. We advanced slowly, and at night halted and slept on our arms. The next morning we pressed forward again, our brigade going due south on a reconnaissance; toward noon came in sight of a large body of rebels. Our brigade being alone we withdrew to a slight eminence and there awaited the enemy, but he made no attack. After several hours had elapsed we moved forward again toward Cassville, the Twenty-sixth in advance, Companies A and G deployed as skirmishers. We had gone about half a mile when our skirmishers became engaged and quite a brisk skirmish ensued, in which the rebels were driven back and retired into the hills around Cassville. Toward evening, our corps having concentrated, we moved against Cassville in order of battle. Here quite a fight between the skirmishers and artillery of the hostile forces took place, continuing till long after dark. Our regiment was in second line and suffered no loss. The action over, we were taken about a mile to the rear and there encamped till May 23, when we set out again at 4 a. m. and marched southwesterly, crossed the Etowah River on a pontoon bridge in the afternoon, and soon after halted. 24th, marched to Burnt Hickory. Shortly after 8 a. m. May 25 we started from Burnt Hickory and marched southward, crossed Pumpkin Vine Creek, and continued our march through a very rough country, hill and woods. Near New Hope Church we came upon our Second Division, who had intrenched themselves. Dispositions of battle were made, and about 4 p. m. our brigade moved forward on the extreme left of the line, the Twenty-sixth being in second line. We moved forward with but little opposition nearly a mile, then came to a ravine which was commanded by an opposite hill, which the rebels held in force with infantry and artillery. The brigade was still pressed forward, and here a very severe conflict ensued. The rebels' fire was very rapid and, owing to their advantageous position, far more effective than

