
ours. The Seventy-third Ohio, in the front line to our left, being very hotly pressed, we moved to its support and soon after relieved it and took our place in the front line. The battle continued with great fierceness for about an hour longer, when, as darkness se tin, both parties ceased firing. We held that position till after midnight, when we were taken to the rear. Our casualties this day were 5 men killed, 1 officer and 31 men wounded, and 2 men missing. I being found that the enemy occupied strongly intrenched position, our army also took position and intrenched. We were held in reserve till the 27th of May, when we took position in the front line of works, where we remained till evening of the 30th, our pickets in front constantly skirmishing with those of the enemy, whereby 1 man was killed. The evening of the 30th we were relieved and retired to the second line. June 1, our corps was relieved by the Fifteenth, and we marched toward the left. June 2, continued our march, and toward evening took position in support of troops of the Twenty-third Corps, who were skirmishing in our front. June 3, pushed forward again several miles. June 6, marched southward again and about noon struck the rebel lines. Here we again intrenched a strong line near that of the enemy, and the long rains which ensued kept us there till June 15, when we pressed forward again, the rebels having evacuated their lines running over Pine Knob toward Lost Mountain. We pressed forward cautiously, the advance engaged in heavy skirmishing. The enemy had only retreated about two miles to a very strong position well intrenched near Golgotha Church. We pushed close up to his works under a heavy skirmish and artillery fire. Our brigade was in reserve and exposed only to the latter. Two men of the regiment were wounded by a shell. The ground gained was held and the front line intrenched during the night. June 16, took position in front line. The rebels evacuated that night. Our skirmishers pressed forward at daylight, driving the enemy's, and then our battalion soon followed. The rebel skirmishers opposite those of the Twenty-sixth once attempted to make a stand, but they pressed forward impetuously, drove them off, and captured a battle-flag from them. At Noyes' Creek the enemy was again found in force and intrenched, and we in turn halted and intrenched. On the morning of the 19th this position was found to be evacuated, and we advanced once more with difficulty, crossed several creeks very much swollen in consequence of the late heavy rains, and came upon the enemy's skirmishers again. In the afternoon our brigade was formed in one line, the Twenty-sixth on the right, and sent forward into a wood. Having gone some distance we came to an open field commanded by a wooded hill held by rebel skirmishers. Here we were ordered to halt while our skirmishers engaged those of the enemy. Thus the afternoon passed. We lost 1 man killed and 4 wounded. after dark we were withdrawn to the rear of entrenchments, which had mean time been thrown up by the other brigades. This was in front of the rebel position near Kenesaw Mountain. June 22, our brigade was again formed in line of battle and marched forward. The rebels had thrown up a line of rifle-pits along the hill they held the 19th, and occupied them by a very strong skirmish line, which our skirmishers were unable to dislodge. We were then ordered to advance upon them in line. We had to cross an open field under a destructive fire, then changed upon the pits and took them, but soon found that

30 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT II

