
Numbers 277.

Report of Major John A. Reynolds, First New York Light Artillery, Chief of Artillery, Twentieth Army Corps.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, TWENTIETH CORPS,Atlanta, Ga., September 9, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the batteries of this corps during the recent campaign:

In the month of April the batteries were assigned to the divisions of the corps, and have operated principally with their respective divisions. The following was the order of assignment: First Division-Battery M, First New York Light Artillery, Captain Woodbury; Battery I, First New York Light Artillery, Captain Winegar. Second Division-Thirteenth Independent New York Battery, Captain Wheeler; Battery E, Independent Pennsylvania Light Artillery, Captain McGill. Third Division-Battery C, First Ohio Light Artillery, Captain Gary; Battery I, First Michigan light Artillery, Captain Smith. The entire command left Lookout Valley between the 1st and 5th of May. On the 8th instant Captain McGill's battery covered the withdrawal of General Geary's division from an unsuccessful assault at Dug Gap. At Resaca, on the 13th instant, Captain Gary's battery took position on Major-General Butterfield's line, enfilading and driving the enemy from a line of rifle-pits in General Butterfield's front. On the 15th Captain Wheeler took position on right of Twentieth Corps, to the north of Resaca, and shelled the enemy previous to the charge made by General Butterfield's division. Captains Woodbury and Winegar took position on the left, in General Williams' front, later in the day. Their batteries were well handled and did effective service in repelling charge of the enemy. On the 19th Major-General Butterfield's division, being in advance, met the enemy near Cassville. Captains Gary's and Smith's batteries were quickly placed in position by Captain Gary, division chief of artillery, and after firing a few rounds the enemy fell back out of range. The others divisions of the corps coming up, and advance was ordered, one section of Captain Gary's battery, under Lieutenant King, keeping with the advance. The enemy was found to be behind strong works around the town, a part of his troops moving through the town in column. Lieutenant King's section was quickly placed in position on the right of the seminary, and opened on this column with solid shot, creating great confusion among them. A battery behind their works now opened on Lieutenant King, to which he replied, making excellent shots until they ceased. The other sections of Captain Gary's battery were soon in position, and fired a few shots, but eliciting no reply ceased firing. The enemy fell back during the night. On examining the position the next morning held by his battery, four dead horses and several graves proved the correct range of Lieutenant King's guns. No further engagement of the batteries took place until crossing Pumpkin Vine Creek, near New Hope Church, on the 25th instant. The enemy was here found to be in force, and by order of Major-General Sherman, Captain Wheeler fired about thirty rounds as a signal to the Army of the Tennessee of our position. An advance was ordered immediately after, Major-

