
General Hooker directing one battery to follow closely, in order to render assistant if possible. Owing to the face of the country, a dense woods, the artillery could not be made use of in the advance. There were no positions from which a view of the enemy could be obtained. The advance was continued till dark, driving the enemy behind his works, and coming within canister-range of their batteries. At daybreak of the 27th instant here light 12-pounder batteries were placed along our lines and in accordance with orders from headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, opened fired on enemy's lines, continuing until 9 a. m. Two more batteries were during the day placed in position. The lines were now very close; in some places less than 150 yards. Any demonstration on the part of either was met by a fire from the batteries. The enemy's sharpshooters were very annoying, keeping up a constant fire, particularly directed toward our guns, yet the loss among the batteries was light. Batteries remained in this position until the 1st of June, when the corps was relieved by the Fifteenth Corps and was moved to the left.

June 2, Captains Winegar and McGill fired a few rounds. On the 13th Captain McGill took position in front of Pine Mountain, throwing a few shells into the enemy's position. 15th, the enemy having fallen back, our troops advanced and took position in front of another strong line of works, occupied by the enemy. 16th, five batteries placed in position in our lines, and at 3.30 p. m. all opened simultaneously on the enemy's works. Two of their batteries replied, having very correct range on some of ours, though fortunately doing but little harm. They were, however, soon silenced and compelled to withdraw their guns entirely behind their works. On the 17th, the enemy having evacuated his works, we again advanced and came up with his rear guard near Mud Creek, on the Marietta and Dallas road. They opened on us with a rifle battery, but Captain Winegar soon compelled them to retire across the creek behind their works. Captain McGill took position on a hill to the left of the road and made some excellent shots at their lines. Captain Wheeler's battery was placed on a hill not exceeding 300 yards from the enemy's works, his pieces sunk behind the crest. The most exciting artillery duel of the campaign with us took place here. The enemy's works were at the edge of the woods, and through his position was somewhat concealed, yet our close proximity enabled us to judge well the location of his guns. The fire from his battery was rapid, and for a time with excellent range, and although within easy musket-range from the enemy's works, yet Captain Wheeler soon silenced them with trifling loss. Prisoners taken next morning reported his fire very destructive to them, killing and wounding many in their battery. 19th, the enemy having again evacuated his works during the night, we advanced across Noyes' Creek. Captains Wheeler's, McGill's, and Winegar's batteries were lightly engaged, firing a few rounds each, when we came up to the enemy's position. 21st, corps moved tonight and took position near Mr. Atkinson's house. Batteries were placed along the lines, but no firing. 22d, troops moved forward and occupied commanding position about one mile in front of the line held the day before, right resting near Kilb's house. Captains Gary's, Smith's, and McGill's batteries were placed on a commanding hill on General Geary's line. All had an oblique fire to the left and shelled the enemy as General Butterfield division advanced to the position assigned him.

