
Atlanta; went into camp. Having been again assigned to the command of the First Brigade, and Lieutenant-Colonel Daboll being sick, Major William S. Cogswell took command of the regiment. July 28, 4 p. m., regiment ordered to support an advance of the skirmish line; returned to camp at 7 p. m.; no casualties. July 30, 4 a. m., regiment again ordered to support an advance of the skirmish line; relieved at 11.30 a. m.; casualties, 3 enlisted men killed and 7 wounded. On the 1st of August Lieutenant Colonel H. W. Daboll assumed command of the regiment. Nothing if importance transpired until the 25th, when the Twentieth Corps was withdrawn from the line, First Division moving to the Chattahoochee River; the regiment went into position near the railroad bridge on right of First Brigade. Having been again relieved from the command of the First Brigade, I took command of the regiment on the 28th of August. September 1, regiment was sent out on a reconnaissance. 2d. moved into the city of Atlanta and took position in the enemy's breast-works, on the east side of the city.

WARREN W. PACKER,

Colonel, Commanding Fifth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers.

ASST. ADJT. General, 1ST Brigadier, DIV., 20TH CORPS.

Numbers 183.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel James C. Rogers, One hundred and twenty-third New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 123rd NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Atlanta, Ga., September 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with the order received last evening, I send you the following detailed report of the operations of this regiment in the present campaign, thought, from the shortness of the time given to prepare it, the amount of time and number of movements it embraces, I am aware it presents a very fragmentary and imperfect appearances:

The regiment broke camp at Allisonia, on the Elk River, Tenn., April 27, 1864, and marched via Decherd, University Place, and Sweeden's Cove to Bridgeport, Ala., where it arrived on the 30th.

May 1, marched from Bridgeport, via Shellmound, Whiteside's, Wauhatchie, Lookout, Lookout Point, Rossville, Missionary Ridge, Lee and Gordin's Mills, Cave Spring, Taylor's Ridge at Nickajack Pass, to Trickum, which it reached May 7. Here it rested three days, and, stripping off all surplus baggage, prepared for the hard work of the campaign. May 10, marched into Snake Creek Gap, took position and fortified. May 11, the regiment worked on the road to Resaca through the gap. May 12, marched through the gap and encamped at entrance to Sugar Valley. May 13, occupied different positions in the line of battle at Resaca, but was not engaged with the enemy. These movements and the following were all made in connection with the brigade, under the command of Brigadier-General Knipe. On the morning of the 14th of May I rejoined the regiment, having been relieved a few days before from the volunteers recruiting service in new York. Three captains, two lieutenants, and ten enlisted men returned with me. The regiment, in connection with the rest of the brigade, was then lying in rear of the Fourteenth

