
Captains Woodbury and Winegar took position farther to the right on General Williams' line; Woodbury near his right and Winegar his left. At 2 p. m. Captain Wheeler was directed to place his battery to the left of General Williams' line, between him and General Geary. The enemy had massed his troops in front of General Williams, and at 4 p. m. charged furiously upon him. As they emerged from the woods, Captains Smith's and McGill's batteries were turned upon them, having an oblique fire of their lines. As they advanced they obtained a more ranking fire, until they had nearly an enfilade of their whole lines. Captains Wheeler and Winegar had also part of the time an oblique fire, and Captain Woodbury a direct fire; but the latter battery being so much nearer, Captain Woodbury was enabled to use canister, which was terribly destructive to the enemy.

Captain Wheeler had placed one section of his battery in the position assigned him, and was directing their previous to the arrival of the balance of his battery, when he was struck by a musket ball and instantly killed. Captain Gary's battery, being on the left, could not be made use of, the enemy being beyond his range. The fire from the five batteries was terribly destructive to the enemy; their lines were completely broken and troops utterly demoralized before they came within range of the musketry. Their losses must have been very great, while ours, in numbers, small, but to the artillery the death of Captain Wheeler is a great loss. He was a splendid officer, capable, energetic, and very efficient. To the service his death is a great loss, and to the corps and his immediate command irreparable. During the assault the enemy's batteries opened on ours on the left, but no attention was paid to them until the assaulting party fell back. On the 27th four batteries were placed to shell the hill on our left, while the infantry of the Fourth and Fourteenth Corps attempted to take it by assault. Enemy's batteries opened on us, and after the unsuccessful assault, we returned their fire until they ceased.

July 2, in accordance with orders from headquarters Department of the Cumberland, batteries all opened fire on enemy's lines, continuing for one hour. 3d, enemy having again fallen back during the night, we advanced and came up with their rear guard near Marietta. Captain Smith's battery was brought up and opened on them, to which they replied with artillery. A sharp artillery duel now took place lasting half an hour, when they withdrew. no further engagements of the batteries took place until after crossing the Chattahoochee River. On the 19th instant Captain Burndy's and Lieutenant Sloan's batteries (Thirteenth New York and E, Pennsylvania Artillery) took position on the north side of Peach Three Creek, above Howell's Mill, and shelled a wooded ridge on south side occupied by the enemy while General Geary's troops effected a crossing. 20th, Captain Bundy's and Lieutenant Sloan's batteries were placed in position on General Geary's line, about 800 yards from our crossing of Peach Tree Creek. Two sections of Captain Woodbury's and one of Captain Winegar's had crossed the creek and were in column with General Williams' division to the right of General Geary, when about 3.30 p. m. the enemy, having massed his forces in the woods in our front, hurled them upon us. Captain Bundy's and Lieutenant Sloan's batteries opened on them as soon as they came in sight. The guns of Captains Woodbury

