
and Winegar across the creek were quickly placed in position, opening at once upon the enemy. Captains Gary's and Smith's batteries being still on the north side of the creek, were directed by Major-General Thomas to take position on the left of our corps on General Newton's front. The enemy first appeared on the left of Captain Bundy's and Lieutenant Sloan's front, but soon extended along their front and to their right. So impetuous was the charge that the supports on the right and covering Captain Bundy's right section gave way. These detachments remained nobly at their posts, working their guns until unable to do so from loss of men. The non-commissioned officers to these guns were both shot down, one having received nine, the other eight bullets, in addition to whom 6 of the cannoneers were wounded. The enemy following up the advantage thus gained, the tow batteries at this point were exposed to a terribly flank fire, which was especially destructive to the horses, upward of 20 being shot here. Immediately after the cannoneers fell back from their guns, the balance of the battery changed front, fired to the right, and, with well-directed charges of canister, compelled the assailants to fall back. The infantry lines were afterward reformed and the position held. Captains Woodbury's and Winegar's guns in position did effective service, as also Captains Gary's and Smith's batteries. Lieutenant Sloan's battery is deserving of special mention for their conduct here; but too much credit cannot be given to the officers and men of Captain Bundy's (Thirteenth New York) battery for their behavior on this occasion. Had they given way the position would have been lost, and the result might have been a terrible disaster to us. The enemy evacuating his works in our front on the night of the 21st, our troops advanced on the morning of the 22nd and took position on the north side of Atlanta, the batteries occupying suitable positions along the lines. In accordance with orders, they several times shelled the city in the vicinity of the depots, car buildings, and works, and fired upon the enemy's lines whenever opportunity offered of doing effective service, or replied to their batteries when they opened on us.

On the 27th of July Lieutenant Henchen, of Battery I, First New York Artillery, a brave and efficient young officer, was killed by a musket-ball. On the night of the 25th of August the corps moved back to Chattahoochee River, taking positions at the railroad bridge, Turner's and Pace's Ferries, the batteries being assigned to positions in the lines.

On the 2nd of September the corps occupied the city of Atlanta, and the batteries were placed in the vacated works of the enemy, which they now occupy. The conduct of the batteries in the campaign has been excellent. The officers have throughout evinced a commendable willingness and promptness in the execution of all their duties, and a desire to make their commands in every way as effective as possible. The men have performed their duties well, and everything required of the entire command has been well and faithfully done. The following is a list of guns found here abandoned by the enemy: Four 6-pounder guns, two 6-guns, seven 32-pounder guns (rifled); total, twenty guns. There were also six caissons in good order filled with ammunition, besides several limbers and caissons partially broken and destroyed and a large quantity

