
to Shellmound, Tenn. On May 4 the battery marched into Lookout Valley and crossed the road over Lookout Mountain. Two wheels were broken near Whiteside's. In the evening Captain McGill crossed Lookout Mountain with Independent Battery E, Pennsylvania Volunteer (Knap's), and reported to me. On May 5 this command marched to Post Church; on the 6th to Pea Vine Church, and on the 7th to camp near Buzzard Roost. On the 8th the command marched to Mill Creek Gap; have two pieces of McGill's battery. Lieutenant Sloan's section was placed in position in front of Mr. Hall's house, and upon our troops becoming closely engaged with the enemy in the gap, opened a slow and careful fire in support. Subsequently I moved the other four pieces of McGill's battery to a position on the left of the road leading into the gap, from which they afforded a steady support to our troops who were engaged, and covered them upon their retiring down the mountain. The six light 12-pounder guns of the Thirteenth New York Battery were held in reserve at the foot of the hill in readiness to check any forward movement of the enemy, and also guarding against any flank movement from the right. Late in the evening of the 8th I withdrew both batteries into camp behind Mr. Hall's house. On the evening of the 9th two rifled guns and two light 12-pounders were placed in position so as to command the slope in front of the farm-house. The other guns were held to guard the road to right and left. This is the position of the command at the present date. I append a list of losses and expenditures: Independent Battery E, 377 rounds ammunition.

The above is respectfully submitted.

WM. WHEELER,

Captain, Chief of Arty., Second Div., 20th Army Corps.

Brigadier General J. W. GEARY,

Commanding Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps.

Numbers 279.

Report of Captain Luther R. Smith, Battery I, First Michigan Light Artillery.
HDQRS. BATTERY I, FIRST MICHIGAN ARTILLERY,Atlanta, Ga., September 7, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of Battery I, First Michigan Light Artillery, during the campaign just ended:

The battery was attached to the Third Division (Butterfield's), Twentieth Army Corps, and left Lookout Valley May 2, 1864. Proceeded with the division, and on May 8 went into position on Taylor's Ridge, in front of Buzzard Roost. May 11, marched to Snake Creek Gap. May 12, passed through the gap. May 14, went into position on the Dalton road; was in no active engagement until reaching Cassville, on May 19, when we engaged the rear of the enemy's column, about 2 p. m.; met with no casualties. Remained at Cassville three days, and resumed the forward movement on the 23d, crossing the Etowah River same day. We next engaged the enemy at New Hope Church, May 27, with one section. May 28, the entire battery

