
was engaged, meeting with the following casualties, viz: Private Harvey Collins, wounded in hand. Remained in this position until June 1, when we were relieved and moved around to the left, to near Acworth. June 6, moved to Mud Creek and remained in position until June 15, when we moved in the direction of Lost Mountain and engaged the enemy just at night, with no casualties. On the 17th engaged the enemy in same vicinity, meeting with the following casualties, viz: Privates William H. Clark and Dennis Wixson wounded severely. On the 21st took a position on a high knoll near Marietta, and remained in this position during nearly all the operations against Kenesaw Mountain. June 28, moved to Kolb' house, on the right.

July 1, engaged the enemy with no loss. July 3, moved on the road toward Marietta and engaged the rear of the enemy about one mile from the town, meeting with the following casualties, vi: Sergt. Joseph Skelton and Privates John D. Leonard and Timothy Guidary wounded severely (Sergeant Skelton and Private Leonard have since died from their wounds). July 5, moved to the Chattahoochee River and remained here until the 17th, when we resumed the forward movement, crossing the river at Peace's Ferry same day; again moving forward, we engaged the enemy at Pace's Ferry same day; again moving forward, we engaged the enemy at Peach Tree Creek on the 20th, in connection with Newton's division, of the Fourth Army Corps; no casualties. July 22, moved to near Atlanta, and remained on the line of works surrounding the city until the 25th august, meeting with the following casualties, viz: August 6, Private George L. Baker killed; August 10, Sergt. George W. Jennings wounded; August 13, Private Alexander Hanna wounded. August 25, fell back to the Chattahoochee River with Third Division to Turner's Ferry; were attacked on the 27th in our position by Cheatham's (rebel) division, commanded by General French, who was handsomely repulsed. Our casualties were as follows: Private Jonathan Miller wounded. September 2, occupied Atlanta and took a position in the works we now hold.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. R. SMITH,

Captain, Commanding Battery I, First Michigan Artillery.

Major J. A. REYNOLDS,

Chief of Artillery, Twentieth Army Corps.

Numbers 280.

Report of Captain Charles E. Winegar, Battery I, First New York Light Artillery.
HDQRS. BATTERY I, FIRST NEW YORK ARTILLERY,Camp at Atlanta, Ga., September 7, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with circular from artillery headquarters Twentieth Corps, dated September 6, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report of engagements participated in by this command during the campaign just closed:

The battery broke camp in Lookout Valley, Tenn., May 4, 1864, and marched with the troops of the First Division, Twentieth Corps,

