
until the afternoon of the 15th of May, when it was first engaged at Resaca, Ga., the position being on the left of our line, distant from the enemy about 1,100 yards, and the effect of our fire causing him to withdraw from its position one of his batteries which had been annoying a brigade of the First Division, Twentieth Corps, our expenditure of ammunition being 139 rounds, with no casualties. The enemy having evacuated his position on the following night, we again marched in the direction of Cassville, Ga., on the 16th of May and came up with the enemy's rear guard about four miles from Cassville, Ga., were one section was slightly engaged, firing six rounds without loss to us. On the morning of the 20th of May, the enemy having evacuated Cassville, we were camped for rest in the town, remaining there until the morning of the 23rd of May. The battery again moved with the division, crossing the Etowah River on the 23d, and marching in the direction of Dallas, Ga., and was rounds. Loss, 2 wounded severely. The next place engaged was near Jackson's house, June 6, when a section of the battery was ordered to drive the enemy's sharpshooters from an old house. This was done with the expenditure of seven rounds, and without loss to us. The command was not again engaged until June 16, when a section was placed in position under a heavy fire, a shell killing a horse and cutting in two a pole. During the day the remaining pieces were put in position about 1,000 yards from a heavy work of the enemy's, and in the afternoon were heavily engaged, expending 156 rounds. A projectile from one of the enemy's guns, after passing through a cannoneer (Numbers 2.) struck a piece, nearly dismounting it. Aggregate loss during the day, killed, 1 man, 1 horse; wounded, 1 horse. This near Golgotha, Ga. On the morning of the 17th, the enemy having abandoned his strong position during the night, we again marched toward Marietta, Ga., and came up with a strong rear guard, consisting of cavalry and artillery, and went into position about 1 p. m., silencing the battery and scattering riderless horses of the calvary over the field in every direction, expending 104 rounds; no loss. On the 18th were engaged with a battery of the enemy, expending 124 rounds, without loss to us. The enemy abandoned his position the following night, and on the 19th we again marched, taking a position on the skirmish line during the morning, firing 200 rounds, and losing 1 horse killed, forcing the enemy to retire. On the morning of the 20th moved to Colonel Atkinson's plantation; remained until the morning of the 22d, moved then to Kolb's farm, taking position on the skirmish line, and being slightly engaged during the forenoon with the enemy's sharpshooters. In the afternoon Hood's corps massed in our front and made several charges on our line, all of which were handsomely repulsed with great loss to the rebels, the artillery of the division taking an active part in the engagement. Loss to us, killed, 1 horse; wounded, 1 man. Ammunition expended, 669 rounds. On the morning of the 27th received orders from Major J. A. Reynolds, chief of artillery, Twentieth Corps, to mass the battery in rear of General Geary's (Second) division, preparatory to an advance of the left wing of the Army of the Mississippi. About 8 a. m. took position in front of the works of the Second Division, and opened fire on the enemy's batteries; distance, about 2,100 yards. This fire was continued at intervals during the day. Loss to us, killed, 1 man. Ammunition expended, 690 rounds. At dark returned to our old position with First Division.

