
oacked for the night. The artillery became next engaged on July 20. One section of Battery I took position on a tongue of land on line with the troops of the First Brigade, First Division, Twentieth Corps. One section of Battery M took position on line with the troops of the First Division, between the First and Third Brigades. One section of Battery M took position on line with the troops of the Second Brigade. The other section was held in reserve. The artillery assisted materially in repulsing three impetuous charges of the enemy. Casualties: Battery M, 1 wounded, 1 horse killed; Battery I, 1 man killed, 3 men wounded, 6 horses wounded. Expenditures: Battery M, 178 rounds; Battery I, 84 rounds. July 22, moved in the direction of Atlanta. One section of Battery I was placed in position and fired nine rounds at a battery of the enemy. Loss, 1 man slightly wounded. July 23, Battery I replied to a fire of a rebel battery, silencing it with an expenditure of twenty-one rounds. Loss, 1 horse killed. Battery m expended fifty-one rounds upon buildings occupied by enemy's sharpshooters. July 24, Battery I opened on a three story stone house, with instructions to burn it, but failed, although every projectile struck the building. Loss, 1 horse killed. Expended seventy-two rounds. On the same day a detail of infantry was made to destroy buildings occupied by the enemy. Battery m kept up a fire to cover the movements, expending fifty rounds. Loss, 1 horse killed.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

JOHN D. WOODBURY,

Captain, Commanding Battery M, First New York Arty., and Chief of Artillery, First Div., 20th Army Corps.

Captain S. E. PITTMAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Twentieth Corps.

Numbers 282.

Report of Captain Henry Bundy, Thirteenth New York Battery.

13TH NEW YORK IND. BATY. LIGHT ARTY. VET. VOLS.,

Atlanta, Ga., September 7, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the battery now under my command in the campaign just closed:

The battery was present at every engagement in which the corps has taken part during the campaign, though not on all occasions actually engaged. At the engagement before Rocky Face Ridge the battery was placed in position but did not open fire, as it was found that only long-range guns could there be made effective. At Resaca, on the third day of the engagement, the battery accompanied the corps in a movement against the enemy's right and took position on a hill, covering our infantry in a charge upon the enemy's works. After the charge and capture of two lines of the enemy's works, the battery was advanced to a new position somewhat farther to the right and within short range of the enemy's last line of works and there intrenched. During the night, the enemy having made a slight demonstration in our front, a few case-shot were used, and early on the following morning the enemy was found to have evacuated

