
Corps, but at 5 p. m. it moved with the division to the extreme left of the line and assisted in repelling the attack of the enemy upon the troops at that point. In the next day's battle it occupied the left of the brigade line. It was formed across an open space, with a rebel battery and earth-works in the edge of the woods in front. In plain view and entirely unprotected it formed a target for the enemy's guns, but, although 4 men were torn in pieces and 6 badly wounded by the shells which burst about it in every direction, it held its ground unflinchingly until dark, when it threw up a strong line of breast-works, protecting its front; but at daylight the next morning the enemy was found to have fled in the night. Immediately marched in pursuit, crossed the connesauga, and halted for the night of the banks of the Coosawattee. On the 17th we crossed the river and, marching south, bivouacked near Calhoun. On the 18th marched all day and until nearly midnight, halting at Adairsville. On the 19th rebels pickets were met a mile and a half from Cassville and quickly driven into the town; formed line of battle and advanced to the edge of the village, when the regiment was sent by General Knipe to support a section of artillery in advance. In the performance of this duty 1 man was wounded by a shell. The regiments remained in camp at Cassville until Monday, May 23, when with the rest of the army it resumed the march at daylight and crossed the Etowah. May 24, marched along Allatoona Ridge to Burnt Hickory. May 25, marched to Pumpkin Vine Creek, and crossed it and advanced three miles in the direction of Dallas, when, with the rest of the brigade, it was recalled to assist the Second Division, which had found the enemy; marched back, recrossed the creek, and again crossed at a brigade farther down the stream. Immediately forming in line of battle, the regiment moved forward with the rest of General Williams' division, driving the enemy before it for two miles through a dense forest, to his artillery and reserves strongly posted in the rear. Starring in the third line this regiment at the end of the charge was in the front, the front regiments falling back behind it. It then advanced still farther till close under the enemy's guns, which all the time belched grape and canister over and around it, but fortunately it had got so near that by lying on the ground nearly all passed over it harmlessly. Here it remained until a fresh regiment came up to relieve it, but scarcely had if formed in front when the enemy's battery, which had been silent for a few minutes, opened again, and this gallant relief, unable to appreciate so warm a reception, rushed in disorder to the rear, all attempts to stop them and force them back to their place, even with a line of bayonets, proving useless. The regiment opened its ranks and let them through; then closed again and, opening on the enemy, after a few well-directed volleys given and received, the firing on both sides gradually ceased. In this position the regiment remained until dark, when it at once commenced throwing up breast-works of old logs and whatever material was at hand. There were no tools in the regiment, nor would it have been safe to use them, so close were the lines. Working all night, at 3 a. m., when it was relieved by fresh troops and passed a short distance to the rear, it had completed a line of breast-works, lying behind which during the day our troops were enabled to pick off the rebel gunners and render useless their artillery. In the very beginning of this engagement, Colonel mcdougall, while gallantly leading on his men, was shot through the leg, shattering the bone, and was borne from the field.

