
their works in our front. After the Second Division of the corps had crossed Pumpkin Vine Creek, moving to the westward of Allatoona nd toward Dallas, having come upon the enemy in force, the battery was ordered back, under my command, over the creek, and with directions to take a position to cover the bridge over which the Second Division had passed. After having taken a favorable position for this object and intrenched, one section, under command of Lieutenant Freeman, was ordered forward to the position on the road held by the infantry of the division, and just preceding the advance of our infantry rapidly shelled the enemy's position in the woods in front. After the advance of the infantry this section followed up in rear of the second line; the remainder of the battery having been in the mean time ordered up, joined it during the progress of the engagement, but no other position having been found for the use of the artillery the battery was not further engaged on that day. On the morning of the 27th [May], at daybreak, the battery was moved forward and placed in position in some works previously constructed within about 120 yards of the enemy's line, and in line with the Second Division. At 7 o'clock on the morning of that day we opened fire on the enemy in conjunction with the other batteries along our line, continuing it at regular intervals until about 11 a. m. In this position we remained six days, until relieved by other troops, firing occasionally each day as the enemy made attempts to strength their works or press our skirmish line. On the night of the 28th the enemy advanced from his works in line of battle, driving in our skirmishers and pressing toward our works, when the battery opened upon them a rapid fire of canister for a few moments and they fell back behind their works. The enemy used but little artillery against us in this position, and the few attempts made by them were always promptly replied to and their guns quickly silenced. The battery lost in this position 3 men wounded and 2 horses disabled. In the lines in front of the enemy's position at Golgotha, or Lost Mountain, two sections of the battery under my command were placed in position in the line of the Third Brigade on the afternoon of June 16, and shelled the enemy's works. In the evening of that day the enemy opened a battery upon our lines from a point some short distance to the left of the immediate front of my position, and having a position which enabled me in some degree to enfilade their battery I opened fire upon them, and after a few rounds they ceased firing, our practice having been remarkably accurate, as was seen by an inspection of the enemy's works the following morning, they having evacuated them during the night. In this position we lost 1 man, Peter Duffy, killed instantly by the enemy's sharpshooters whilst cutting an embrasure for one of my guns. He was a brave and efficient soldier.

On the 17th of June, the enemy being found again in position on the south side of Mud Creek, the battery was advanced to a position on the right of our corps in front of and within point-blank range of one of the enemy's batteries in a thickly wooded bluff, and after having constructed some slight cover for the guns by sinking them in the crest of the hill the battery opened fire on the enemy's position, which was continued rapidly for about half an hour, and although the enemy's battery had been previously very annoying to our infantry lines and also to another battery holding a position in our rear, they replied to our fire but very feebly for a few moments and soon were altogether silenced, and up to the morning of the 19th, when they evacuated their position, they fired less than a half

