
Division behind works thrown up in front of the enemy's interior line north of the city of Atlanta. On the 26th, our line being somewhat advanced, the battery wad distributed at angles of the advanced work and in front of two forts occupied by the enemy and covering the Peach Tree road and a part of our line northeast of it. We occupied this position for about one month, almost daily using our guns against the enemy's works, when we fell back on the evening of the 25th with the division to a position covering the bridge at Pace's Ferry, on the Chattahoochee River. Here the battery was placed in position and remained until the evening of the 2nd of September, firing only three rounds-that on the occasion of some of the enemy's cavalry making a demonstration on our front. On the evening of the 2d, the enemy having evacuated this city, the battery advanced, under orders, with the division, and was assigned to its present position in the defenses of the city. The entire loss of the battery throughout the campaign was 1 commissioned, 3 non-commissioned officers, and 1 private killed in action, and 17 non-commissioned officers and privates wounded. Of these latter I have had official notice that 2 have since died. The entire number of horses disabled was 20.

I cannot, in concluding this report, omit to award the just tribute of praise which belongs to the officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates under my command for their conduct throughout this long and arduous campaign. I could not particularize any without being unjust to all the rest, for as a body, officers and men alike, they have ever evinced under the fatigue of the march and the dangers of the field, that unvarying fortitude, willing obedience, coolness,and heroism which becomes the true soldier.

HENRY BUNDY,

Captain, Commanding 13th New York Independent Batty. Vet. Vols.

Major J. A. REYNOLDS,

Commanding Artillery Brigade, Twentieth Army Corps.

Numbers 283.

Report of Lieutenant Jerome B. Stephens, Battery C, First Ohio Light Artillery, of operations May 2-July 26.
HDQRS. BATTERY C, FIRST OHIO LIGHT ARTILLERY,Atlanta, Ga., September 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by Battery C, First Ohio Light Artillery, while under my command during the campaign of the advance upon Atlanta, Ga.:

On the morning of the 2nd of May the battery moved from its camp in Lookout Valley, Tenn., with the Third Division, to which it was then attacked. On the morning of the 13th I moved out of Snake Creek Gap on the Dalton road and went into position near General Sherman's headquarters. On the 14th I was ordered forward and took position on a hill then occupied by a portion of the division and opened upon the enemy, who were behind rifle-pits about 800 yards to my right and front; they did not return the fire. On the morning of the 15th I moved with the division to the left on to the road leading from Dalton to Resaca. At 11 p. m. I was ordered forward and went into position on a hill occupied by General Geary's troops just to the left of the road and directly in front of the fort captured by the First Brigade, Third Division; did no

