
Numbers 284.

Report of Lieutenant Thomas King, Battery C, First Ohio Light Artillery, of operations May 19.
HDQRS. BATTERY C, FIRST OHIO LIGHT ARTILLERY,Atlanta, Ga., September 7, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to inclosing report of the part taken in the skirmish near Cassville, Ga., by the section of Battery C, First Ohio Light Artillery, under my command.

At 3 p. m. May 19, 1864, the section under my command was, by order of Major Reynolds, chief of artillery, Twentieth Army Corps, detached from the battery, and at 4 p. m. was placed in position by Major Reynols near the brick female seminary in Cassville. I immediately opened on the enemy's battery in position on the opposite side of the town, and also on a column of infantry who were marching out of the town. The enemy replied from a full battery and also kept up a rapid skirmish fire. I held the position assigned until my ammunition was all expended, when I withdrew the section to a safe position and awaited the arrival of the caissons. At dark I was ordered by Major Reynolds to move the section near General Butterfield's headquarters and go in camp. On the morning of May 20 the other sections of the battery came back, and I received orders to rejoin my command. I also send report of losses in men and material.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS KING,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Section.

Lieutenant J. B. STEPHENS,

Commanding Battery.

Numbers 285.

Report of Captain Marco B. Gary, Battery C, First Ohio Light Artillery, of operations August 1-September 7.
HDQRS. BATTERY C, FIRST OHIO LIGHT ARTILLERY,Atlanta, Ga., September 7, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by Battery C, First ohio Light Artillery, in engagements with the enemy since the 1st day of August, 1864:

On the evening of the 2nd of August, by order of Major J. A. Reynolds, chief of artillery, Twentieth Army Corps, I left my position on the right of the Fourth Corps and moved around to the right across the railroad and relieved the Nineteenth Indiana Battery, of the Fourteenth Army Corps. On the following day I constructed earth-works and moved on to a new line in front of, and about 100 yards in advance of, the old line. From this position I threw about 200 rounds of shot and shell into the enemy's works and among his skirmishers with very good effect. On the 10th day of August, by order of Major J. A. Reynolds, I constructed earth-works and moved on to, also, another new line of works about 150 yards in advance of the last-mentioned line. From this position, which brought my guns.

