
within 700 or 800 yards of the enemy's main line, I engaged his batteries on several occasions, and one time succeeded in battering the embrasures of one of his most annoying forts so as to prevent his fire upon our line. On the evening of the 25th ultimo, by order of Major J. A. Reynolds, I left my position on the line in front of Atlanta and moved back to the Chattahoochee River, where I remained until the 2nd instant, when, by order of Major Reynolds, I moved up and took the position which I now occupy in the fortifications south of Atlanta. My loss during this time was 1 man killed and 1 wounded. For the report of the action of this battery from the commencement of the campaign up to the 1st of August I have the honor to submit the report of First Lieutenant Jerome B. Stephens, who was temporarily in command of the battery.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. B. GARY,

Captain Battery C, First Ohio Light Artillery.

Lieutenant W. H. MICKLE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery, Twentieth Army Corps.

Numbers 286.

Report of Lieutenant Thomas S. Sloan, Battery E, Pennsylvania Light Artillery.
HDQRS. INDPT. BATTY. E, PENNSYLVANIA ARTILLERY,Atlanta, Ga., September 6, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the following operations of this battery since the opening of the present campaign:

The battery left camp at Wauhatchie Valley, Tenn., May 4, Captain James D. McGill in command, accompanying Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps. Nothing of importance transpired until we reached Rocky Face Ridge, May 8, where the battery was engaged in covering the descent of the infantry after the attack had been made, and with apparently good effect. No casualties to report. From this point the battery marched through Snake Creek Gap, arriving at battle-field of Resaca May 13. The battery was not engaged in this battle, being held in reserve. Marched from Resaca May 16, and arrived at Pumpkin Vine Creek May 25, where 4 men strayed off from command and were picked up by the enemy. These have been dropped from our rolls as deserters and so reported. One horse was killed May 26.

June 1, 2, and 3, a small amount of ammunition was expended in action. From this date no firing was done by the battery until June 14, at Pine Knob, and afterward on 17th, at Noyes' Creek. The battery did good execution June 22 in assisting to repel the attack on First Division, Twentieth Army Corps, at Kol's farm. From here the battery marched to near Chattahoochee River and remained in park one week. Captain McGill resigned the service July 8. I have no means of ascertaining correctly the amount of ammunition expended by the battery up to this time, as papers pertaining thereto were taken by Captain McGill to complete his returns, but from the best evidence at hand just now would estimate the amount, lowest

