
figure, at 1,500 rounds, which I think is nearly correct. The battery crossed the Chattahoochee July 17; had 1 man wounded on the 19th, and expended forty-two rounds of ammunition. On morning of 20th of July crossed Peach Tree Creek. About 4 p. m. of same day a vigorous attack was made by the enemy on our position, and after two hours' fighting they were driven back. The artillery fire here was very destructive, as the enemy in our front was in plain view and came up to within short range. In this attack we had 1 man killed, 4 wounded, 4 horses killed and 10 wounded. Number of rounds expended, 530. July 22, we moved from our position at Peach Tree Creek, the enemy having left our front the night previous. From this date until 25th of August we remained in position in front of Atlanta, shelling the city occasionally, or firing at other objects, as orders were received. Lieutenant James A. Dunlevy resigned August 4, 1864. One man was wounded August 18. Total number of rounds expended in front of Atlanta, 850. August 25, the battery marched back to Chattahoochee River, where it remained until September 2, when we returned and entered the city of Atlanta, since which time nothing worthy of note has transpired.

Recapitulation: Commissioned officers resigned, 2. Enlisted men-killed, 1; wounded, 6; died of wounds received in action, 1; deserted, 4. Horses-killed, 5; wounded, 10; died of wounds received in action, 6. Ammunition, total number of rounds expended, 2.922.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. S. SLOAN,

First Lieutenant, Commanding.

Major J. A. REYNOLDS,

Chief of Artillery, Twentieth Army Corps.

Numbers 287.

Reports of Captain Arnold Sutermeister, Eleventh Indiana Battery, commanding Siege Artillery.

NEAR RIVER, July 14, 1864.

The Eleventh Indiana Battery opened fire this morning at about 7 o'clock against the different works of the enemy. No return was made by any artillery, and I concluded there were no guns in front of us. This afternoon a signal officer had the kindness to come to our battery with a telescope, by the aid of which we saw the works in our front very distinct and clear. The fort on the field opposite, on which the enemy again worked, is a fort for four guns, the latter not in position. We could see one, however, which they withdrew at the second commencement of the firing (about 3.30 p. m.) to a place of safety; it appeared to be a 3-inch rifle. Other carriages were seen in the work. A flag is floating from the parapet. Shortly after 4 o'clock we ceased firing, after two of their ports had been entirely demolished. The infantry in front seems to be very numerous and works are repaired during every night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SUTERMEISTER.

Brigadier General J. M. BRANNAN,

Chief of Artillery, Department of the Cumberland.

