
JULY 15, 1864.

Fire was opened on the enemy's breast-works at about 7 a. m., and continued for some time. The working parties ceased to show themselves till toward evening, when firing was again resumed with very good effect. The main object was the new fort between the rail and wagon road. During night all quiet. Could we procure the services of a signal officer for a short time every day or two it would be of great advantage to us.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SUTEMEISTER,

Captain.

Brigadier-General BRANNAN,

Chief of Artillery, Department of the Cumberland.

NEAR CHATTAHOOCHEE RIVER, GA., July 18, 1864.

At about 8 o'clock fire was opened against the enemy's works in front, when but very few responses, and those only of small-arms, were made. The 20-pounder Parrotts ceased firing, and the 24-pounder howitzers kept up a slow fire against pits that seemed to be manned the stronger. In the afternoon the fire in our front became more brisk, and the firing from the infantry, particularly from the left fort, which we thought taken by our men, was such as to receive attention. At about 5.30 p. m. we saw a long column of troops with a few wagons moving to the rear, being probably pressed by our advance across the river. This column was shelled with very good effect. The left work seems now entirely abandoned, but the sharpshooters in front remain the same. General McCook this evening called my attention to a new fort erected, or in course of erection, on our extreme right, and he thinks it would be well to plant two of the guns so as to demolish that work. This would require a new position for that section, and I submit the practicability or necessity of that work to your consideration.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SUTERMEISTER,

Captain.

Brigadier General J. M. BRANNAN,

Chief of Artillery, Department of the Cumberland.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH INDIANA BATTERY,Atlanta, September 14, 1864.

I have the honor to submit to your the report of the part taken by Eleventh Indiana Battery in the operations of the past campaign.

The battery consisted of four 20-pounder Parrott guns, two 24-pounder howitzers, and was designed to serve as a heavy field or also siege battery, under the special command of the chief of artillery, Department of the Cumberland. May 10, the battery left Chattanooga, Tenn. On arriving at Tunnel Hill I received orders to report to Major-General Howard for temporary duty, and was stationed by him on the crest of the hill with orders to shell the enemy on Rocky Face and the works in the defile. To accomplish the latter object, i was obliged to post one section of 20-pounders opposite

