
the pass, where the guns did good execution. The firing ended on the morning of May 13. May 15, marched to Dalton and Resaca. Received orders to march in future with Reserve Brigade, headquarters Department of the Cumberland; also to draw forage and rations there. May 19, fired a few rounds near Kingston on the retreating columns of the rebels. May 27, came into position near New Hope Church. After the first day's engagement I received instructions to take a new position with the 20-pounders at a right angle with the one occupied first, in order to effectually silence the rebel batteries and to keep the valley in our control. Here we remained till June 4, when we were relieved by a 20-pounder battery of the Tennessee army. June 22, went into position before Kenesaw Mountain, feeling the batteries on the top of the mountain. No answer was received, although intrenchments could be seen. June 26, into position in front of the Fourth Army Corps (General wagner's brigade), in order to strengthen the line and to enfilade the rebel works on our right. July 2, left this position. Marched through Marietta July 3. July 9, firing from Signal Hill, near Chattahoochee River, which I was obliged to discontinue, on account of some most miserable Parrott ammunition, for fear of injuring our own troops. July 11, ordered into position to the immediate right of railroad bridge on the river opposite three different works of the enemy. The practice here was very good, and the rebels were completely held in check by the accuracy of four fire. On the 22nd of July we left this position, crossed the bridge, and arrived before Atlanta. July 23, into position before Atlanta, covering the Marietta road with the two 24-pounder howitzers, and posting the four 20-pounders immediately on their right, ready to engage the forts in front (three in number) or to shell the city. After a few rounds at the forts the bombardment of the city was ordered to commence. The regular standing order was for one shot every five minutes, and at this rate the fire was kept day and night for several days. Soon orders came for more rapid firing, often as rapid as three shots every five minutes. The fire was directed mostly toward the center of the town and the railroad shops. Several times we were obliged to engage the forts in front and on our right, the former being armed with 20-pounder guns, the latter with 12-pounders and one 64-pounder rifled gun. On the 9th day of August I received three 4 1/3-inch siege guns and had a position pointed out for them by the chief of artillery, Department of the Cumberland. On the evening of the 10th they opened fire on the city and kept it up day and night at the same rate as the 20-pounders. The ammunition for these guns was excellent and did splendid execution (Schenkl's patent).

The firing of August 10, 11, and 12 was very severe, and on the evening of the 12th two 20-pounder Parrott guns became unserviceable, having the muzzles blown off. The remaining two fired very slowly from this time, merely when necessary to silence the forts in front. Soon, however, the constant firing told also on the 4 1/2-inch guns, for after 400 rounds the vents showed slight signs of enlargement. After 800 rounds the size of the vents increased fearfully, causing a perceptible loss of power in the projectiles. After ten day's firing two 4 1/2-inch guns had become unserviceable, while the third, having been used somewhat less, continued firing till the new guns arrived. On the 20th of August the four new 20-pounder Parrotts arrived, and were put in position, two at the Marietta road, two with the 4 1/2-inch battery (situated some one mile and a half to

