
Major Tanner and Captain Henry Gray were also slightly wounded, but did not leave the regiment. Besides the above there were 2 enlisted men killed and 18 wounded, 2 of whom have since died. Colonel McDougall also died from the effects of his wound at the officers' hospital, Chattanooga, June 23. He was a brave and efficient officer, and his death is a heavy loss to the regiment. From May 25 to June 1 the regiment lay in reserve, losing but 1 man wounded.

June 1, moved three miles to the left. June 2, moved two miles farther to the left. June 2, move two miles farther to the left and intrench; 1 man wounded. Remained here until June 5, when it was relieved by a regiment of the Fourteenth Corps and marched four miles farther to the left. June 6, marched to Allatoona Creek; remained here four days, and one June 11 took up a position in front of Pine Mountain, where the regiment fortified and remained until June 15, when it advanced with the rest of the troops and assisted in the capture of Pine Mountain. At daylight June 16 moved to the left and joined the rest of the First Division, and threw up a strong line of breast-works close to the enemy's line. Three men were wounded during the day. June 17, marched through the rebel works, which had been abandoned in the night, and proceeding something more than a mile the enemy was again discovered, strongly intrenched. Lieutenants Brown and Rogers were wounded. June 18, no movement; 1 man badly wounded. June 19, the enemy having again evacuated during the night, the pursuit was renewed. After marching about two miles his pickets were met and driven back some distance; line of battle was formed and breast-works thrown up. Two men were wounded in these movements. June 20, relieved by a regiment of the Fourth Corps and marched past the Second and Third Divisions, Twentieth Corps, to a position on their right. June 21, built a line of breast-works. June 22, at 8 a. m. moved out in front of the works and deployed the whole regiment as skirmishers, covering the front of the division, and immediately advanced, driving the rebel skirmishers back more than a mile upon their main force, which was discovered to be hard at work throwing up fortifications. In this advance the Powder Springs and Marietta and the Sandtown and Marietta roads were uncovered. While the rest of the division was getting into line and intrenching this regiment held its position without relief or support, in the face of a constant and galling fire from a much superior force, until 5 p. m., when the rebel artillery opened, and Stevenson's division, in three lines of battle, advanced rapidly out of the woods. It then fell slowly back to the main line of battle, posted on a slight eminence some distance in rear. Here the advancing columns of the enemy were met by murderous volleys of musketry, grape, and canister, and after enduring an hour of fruitless slaughter they were driven with heavy loss and in confusion and disorder back to their fortifications. In this engagement at Kolb's farm First Lieutenant E. P. Quinn was badly wounded and Lieutenant W. F. Martin taken prisoner. The regiment lost besides these, 4 enlisted men killed, 28 wounded, 2 of whom have since died, and 14 men captured. Some of the prisoners were wounded and are known to have died in the hands of the enemy. The grave of one had been discovered since our occupation of this city. Remained in this position for ten days, extending and strengthening the works, and losing 2 men wounded.

July 3, the enemy having evacuated, passed through his works, and passed Marietta toward the Chattahoochee River. July 4, occupied several positions in the line in front of the enemy's new works.

4 R R - VOL XXXVIII, PT II

