
left of Marietta road, in front of Colonel Ireland's brigade). August 22, we received three new 4 1/2-inch guns, which were all put in position near the Marietta road, the 20-pounders being sent to the other position. With good effect the fire was again kept up till the morning of August 25, causing fires in town every night. August 24, I was ordered to turn my battery of 20-pounders over to Battery K, Fifth U. S. Artillery; also to send my transportation, &amp;c., back to the river, all of which was completed by noon of August 25. The howitzer section was ordered to march with the brigade in the movement that now commenced. September 2, marched through Jonesborough. September 4, ordered to return to Atlanta. Went into camp September 5.

To the men, their faithful working, their endurance, willingness to work day and night (serving seven guns constantly), great praise is due.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SUTERMEISTER,

Eleventh Indiana Battery.

Brigadier General J. M. BRANNAN,

Chief of Artillery, Department of the Cumberland.

Numbers 288.

Report of Major General Robert H. Milroy, U. S. Army, commanding Defenses of Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, of operations during Wheeler's raid.
HDQRS. DEFENSES NASHVILLE AND CHATTANOOGA R. R.,Tullahoma, Tenn., September 17, 1864.

MAJOR: In obedience to the order of the major-general commanding the District of Tennessee to report my operations after Wheeler, I will state I had no operation after Wheeler, but operated to a small extent after Williams, who, I understand, was one of Wheeler's generals, and I respectfully submit the following statement of said operations:

Major Waters, of the Fifth Tennessee Cavalry, stationed at McMinnville, with three companies of his regiment, was attacked at that place on the 29th ultimo by some 300 rebel cavalry and guerrillas, under Colonel Dibrell, and after a skirmish of some three hours, he was driven out with the loss of 1 man killed and 1 wounded, and about 10 were captured, consisting mostly of sick in the hospital. I had some days previous withdrawn from that place all the quartermaster's and hospital stores. I instructed Major Waters to keep vigilant pickets well out on the road eastward, and upon the approach of any force of the enemy to skirmish with them sufficiently to ascertain that they were in strong force, and upon ascertaining that fact to at once send off his transportation and camp equipage, with such Union citizens as wished to come away, to this place; but Major Waters after being attacked continued skirmishing, supposing he could hold the place, till he was nearly surrounded, and barely escaped with his men and two small mountain howitzers, losing his camp equipage and 10 wagons and 1 ambulance, with 3 teams. Having learned late in the evening of the 29th that Major Waters was attacked,

