
camped at Spring Hill. Passed through Columbia next day, the 6th and learning that General Rousseau had gone west after Wheeler, and not hearing of Williams crossing the railroad any place to join Wheeler, I found that he had gone back east and attacked the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad. Having no authority to take the Tenth and Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry and Sixth Kentucky with me, I left them to go on the General Rousseau, and pushed out that evening with the Fifth Tennessee and the detachment of the Sixth Kentucky in the direction of Tullahoma. I passed through Fayetteville the next day, captured 4 rebel soldiers, and arrived here on the morning of the 9th at 6.30 a. m., and found that Williams, after stopping a day at or in the vicinity of Farmington and Cornersville, and learning that my force and that of Generals Rousseaus and Granger were between him and Wheeler, who was pushing southwest, he turned east and passed through Shelbyville on the night of the 7th, and crossed the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad on the 8th in great haste, having been skirmished with and bushwhacked by Captain Worther's gallant little company of home guards, who, after disputing the entrance of the rebels to Shelbyville, held them in check till all the Government stores in that place were removed and arrived in safety at this place, fell back to Elk River bridge. From this place they rallied and fired on the rebels, who hurried across the railroad in such haste that they did not interrupt the railroad track or telegraph wire. Learning on my arrival here that the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry had arrived at Murfreesborough, I telegraphed to General Van Cleve to order that regiment to McMinnville, and ordered the Fifth Tennessee Cavalry to proceed from here to form a junction with the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry at McMinnville on the 10th. I waited some hours, and the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry not arriving, moved down the pike toward Murfreesborough some seven or eight miles, and not meeting them, came on back here. The next day, receiving a dispatch from Colonel Jordan that he was at McMinnville awaiting orders from me, I sent an order to wait until I could send the Fifth Tennessee Cavalry to join him with provisions for his command, and then to push on with the two regiments after Williams. The result of their pursuit has been made known to the general by a copy of the report of Colonel Jordan sent him. I cannot speak too highly of the bravery, endurance, perseverance, and patience of the Tennessee cavalry regiments that were with me. With proper discipline they could not be excelled by any troops. Inclosed I send you a copy of the report of Brigadier-General Van Cleve. I join with him in commending the efficiency of the block-house system for the defense of the railroad, which has been clearly demonstrated by the total failure of the raid to do any material damage. More block-houses are much needed at different points along the line. Upon this point I would call especial attention to the suggestion and recommendations in the report of Captain Baird, my assistant inspector-general, recently forwarded. He has examined these matters with myself; and his views of the requirements of the defenses of this railroad I fully [indorse] and think of the first importance. I join with General Van Cleve in commending the heroism of Lieutenant Orr, of the One hundred and fifteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and Spartan band for their gallant and successful defense of Block-house Numbers 5, and recommend him for promotion for gallant conduct. It is with pain that I mention the

