
cers believing the enemy intended attacking our position, but feeling satisfied myself that they were moving to our rear with the intention of cutting the road below, I ordered the cavalry to move out at 3 o'clock to Lynnville, about two miles distant, and form there to Pulaski. I waited with the infantry until 6 a.m., but not being able to learn more of the movements of the enemy I turned toward Pulaski. I waited with the infantry until 6 a. m., but not being able to learn more of the movements of the enemy I turned toward Pulaski. About five miles from Lynnville I found the enemy had crossed and fired the track. This was no doubt part of the force which had passed around to the right. The leading train ran into the break and three cars were destroyed. We were detained about two hours by this break. Arrived in Pulaski about 12 m., and soon after received a communication from Major-General Rousseau, dated Lynnville, September 5, 8.15 a. m., stating that Wheeler had left in direction of Campbellsville, and ordering me and my cavalry to Lawrenceburg. I now made preparations to move in that direction, but learning through General Starkweather that the enemy in considerable numbers were recrossing the railroad at Reynolds' Station, and that heavy firing was heard two miles from that point, I moved out four miles upon that road, when I was positively assured that the enemy had not been crossing the road, and that the firing which had been heard about 12 o'clock had ceased entirely. On receiving this information, I moved in direction of Lawrenceburg, and at dusk encamped ten miles from that point. I was soon after joined by Colonel Grummond, with about 250 men of Ninth Ohio Cavalry. Learning the position of the general from the colonel, I dispatched a courier to General Rousseau stating that I would start at 3 a. m. for Lawrenceburg. About 9 o'clock that evening Colonel Grummond informed me that he intended to go on immediately to Lawrenceburg. I advised him not to leave until I started at 3 a. m., stating that I would be there fully as soon as General Rousseau. I was surprised afterward to learn that he left about 12 midnight. Our march was resumed shortly after 3 a. m. When about four miles from Lawrenceburg a courier from Colonel Grummond came dashing up, requesting assistance immediately, stating that the enemy were to strong for him, and that he would have to give up his position unless immediately re-enforced. I sent him word that unless he could hold his position for fifteen minutes after the return of the courier, to fall back, as I could not give him assistance before that time. The enemy, however, having accomplished his object in getting off his artillery and trains, fell back before Colonel Grummond, whom I overtook two miles beyond Lawrenceburg. This movement of the colonel's I consider unfortunate, as it unquestionably hastened the movement of Wheeler from Lawrenceburg. Wheeler must have supposed that the combined forces of General Rousseau and myself were attacking his rear guard. If it had not been for this impression he would certainly have captured Colonel Grummond's command, scattered along the road as it was, and almost without ammunition. After relieving Colonel Grummond's regiment we pressed Wheeler as vigorously as possible, skirmishing with his rear guard until halted by General Rousseau's order, thirteen and a half miles below Lawrenceburg. About 12 m. I received General Rousseau' order to leave pursuit of Wheeler and move toward Athens, to co-operate with him in the capture of General Williams, who was supposed to be trying to effect a junction with Wheeler.

At 5 a. m. of the 7th I took the road by Lexington for Athens. At Lexington detached the Second Tennessee Cavalry, as directed

