
in General Rousseau's order, to look after Wheeler. Having ascertained that Wheeler had halted at Centre Star, and that his detachments were joined him from all quarters, I deemed it prudent to recall the regiment detached to look after him. It arrived at Rogersville about 11 p. m. He confirmed report of Wheeler's being at Centre Star, and that it was reported he did not intend to leave there until he heard from Williams. I encamped that night at Rogersville. On the morning of the 8th marched for Athens. At Elk River met Colonel Streight with 2,500 infantry and two pieces of artillery Colonel Streight stated to me that he was there by order of General Steedman, with authority to do as he pleased, and asked my advice. I advised him to move on and attack Wheeler at Centre Star, and gave him my best regiment of cavalry for that purpose. If he found that Wheeler had crossed the river that he should remain and guard the fords and ferries, and thus prevent Williams from crossing. Leaving Elk River I arrived at Athens about 2 p. m., and reported to General Rousseau soon after. From this time I took no active part in the pursuit of Wheeler. After reporting to General Rosseau had returned to Pulaski and the pursuit of Wheeler discontinued. I then ordered my commands back to their several stations, and returned to these headquarters. On the morning of the 10th I received information that 108 men were crossing from near Shelbyville, endeavoring to make a junction with General Wheeler. I directed Colonel Sipes to send out all the mounted force at his disposal to intercept them. This order was promptly complied with, and Captain Lamson completely surprised the enemy on Swan Creek, capturing 2 officers and 32 men. A few more scattering prisoners have since been picked up, which closes the part taken by my forces and myself in the Wheeler raid.

This report is necessarily long, from the fact that the occurrences related were scattered over nearly three weeks. The losses of the command during the different skirmishes with the enemy were, in all, about 15, including Captain W. A. Campbell, Company G, Third Tennessee Cavalry, prisoner. The known loss of the enemy by my command in killed, wounded, and prisoners amounted to 61. The number wounded in the tow or three hours' skirmishing in the woods between Lawrenceburg and Lexington we have no means of ascertaining. A number of horses were killed, and some left wounded on the road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major B. H. POLK.

No,. 291.

Report of Brigadier General John C. Starkweather, U. S. Army, commanding U. S. Forces, Pulaski, Tenn., of operations during Wheeler's raid.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Pulaski, Tenn., September 16, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report as to the part taken by my command in the late defenses of the road (Nashville,

