
information from scouts that General Wheeler and command were moving against Lynnville bridge, six miles farther north, in strong force. Moved on to Lynnsville, general commanding moving infantry by cars, Ninth Indiana Cavalry, Colonel Jackson, having the advance, followed by section of artillery, Colonel Thornburgh's two regiments, with Tenth Indiana, in the rear. Met the enemy at Lynnville. Major Lilly, Ninth Indiana Cavalry, with two squadrons, charged him and drove him in confusion from the town, capturing some prisoners. Enemy continued falling back until a strong line was discovered; a halt was then ordered and Ninth Indiana went into position, supported by infantry. Arriving soon after with balance of my command, found the infantry being withdrawn; moved forward rapidly and ordered line of battle; formed artillery in position on the left, Colonel Thornburgh forming second line, Tenth Indiana Cavalry, Colonel Gresham, held in reserve, with Ninth Indiana at front, to be used as skirmishers. At this moment I received a verbal order to report to general commanding at train. Instructed Lieutenant J. D. Hazzard, my adjutant-general, assisted by my inspector-general, Captain B. F. Brown, to complete the formation, and to have all the command in readiness for battle, and to move forward the skirmish line and to open with artillery, &amp;c., immediately on my return. I started to report to general commanding, when I was met with another order in writing to report at once, which I did, explaining my situation and the formation of the lines.

Upon the order of general commanding I then took possession of Lynnville and picketed the roads with 100 men of Tenth Indiana Cavalry, and threw out pickets and flankers upon all sides exposed; enemy reported moving on my right and left flanks, and, after consulation with general commanding, I retired my lines about half a mile, reassuming same formation, where I remained until 2.30 a. m. the following morning, when I moved, by order of general commanding, to Pulaski, after first demonstrating against the enemy's line and finding him gone. On arriving at Pulaski went into position and reported to general commanding on his arrival at depot, September 6, 1864, for further orders; enemy reported moving toward Lawrenceburg; General Granger, with mounted force, moved against them, infantry being left at Pulaski. In morning moved with the infantry to Lynnville; found the enemy; skirmished with him and drove [him] off, killing 3; left two regiments to repair railroad and telegraph lines, and returned to Pulaski with One hundred and second Ohio, Colonel Given, and Fourth Tennessee, Major Stephens; road cut south; moved and immediately repaired the same; kept out scouts and patrols over the country; opened courier lines to Athens, by which dispatches were carried; kept up communications with all the different commands, giving information as to movements of the enemy.

As to the part taken by my cavalry after leaving Pulaski with general commanding I shall be obliged to refer to his report for the particulars.

The officers and men are entitled to great credit for the bravery, patience, endurance, and watchfulness shown during the late difficulties, and to them I accord all praise, believing that if the occasion ever again occurs where they will be called into requisition they will more fully demonstrate the fact that they are to be relied on in every emergency. To staff officers, orderlies, scouts, &c., I take

