
pleasure in making my acknowledgements for their promptness, faithfulness, and attention in performing all the duties devolving upon them.*

Respectfully,

JOHN C. STARKWEATHER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant KNEELAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Decatur.

Numbers 292.

Reports of Brigadier General Horatio P. Van Cleve, U. S. Army, commanding U. S. Forces, Murfreesborough, Tenn., of operations during Wheeler's raid.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Murfreesborough, Tenn., September 6, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that information was brought to me last evening that a rebel force coming from Lebanon had taken the Las Cassas road and were moving eastward. Supposing it to be a part of Wheeler's force, cut off from the main body, and attempting to make its way back, I sent scouts on the Woodbury road to watch their movements, and soon learned that they had struck this road and were marching toward McMinnville. Immediately notified Colonel Thomas J. Jordan, who had opportunely arrived with his regiment, the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, of his movement, and, notwithstanding his men were weary from a long march, he did not hesitate to start instantly in pursuit. He overtook them this morning at daybreak at Readyville, charged and utterly routed them, driving them pell mell through Woodbury, killing 25, wounding many, and capturing 130 men and 200 horses, with equipments. Our loss was 1 killed, 6 wounded, and 4 missing. The rebel force was commanded by General Dibrell, and consisted of 1,200 cavalry armed and 600 recruits unarmed.

Colonel Jordan made the attack with 550 men with drawn sabres, and deserves much credit for the promptness and gallantry with which the whole affair was conducted. His regiment behaved nobly and are entitled to the highest praise. The accompanying report of Colonel Jordan will furnish further particulars.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major JOHN O. CRAVENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Tullahoma, Tenn.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Murfreesborough, Tenn., September 15, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this command during the recent raid of the rebel General Wheeler:

On the 26th ultimo it was reported that Wheeler was approaching this point, by way of Sparta, with a force of about 10,000 men and artillery. I immediately had the roads picketed with the few

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties accompanying this report shows 4 wounded, 5 missing, and 3 captured.

---------------

