
Numbers 293.

Report of Colonel Thomas J. Morgan, Fourteenth U. S. Colored Infantry, of operations August 15 (Wheeler's raid).
HDQRS. FOURTEENTH U. S. COLORED INFANTRY,Chattanooga, Tenn., August 19, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Fourteenth U. S. Colored Infantry in the affair at Dalton, Ga., on Tuesday, August 15, 1864:

The regiment formed the left of the line of battle, its right was covered by skirmishers from the One hundred and eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry; afterward these were replaced by Company E, Fourteenth U. S. Colored Infantry, under Captain Rolph. Company B of this regiment was deployed, covering the front and flank of the left wing. As the line advanced the entire battalion was exposed to the enemy's fire, and stood the test handsomely. Company B pushed forward boldly and steadily, drove the enemy, killing certainly 5 and wounding others. The steadiness and bravery of the men, their accuracy of aim, and the coolness of the officers, Captain Henry Romeyn and Lieutenant G. P. Thornton, was gratifying, and entitle them to honorable mention. The conduct of the entire regiment was good. It was their first encounter, and they evinced soldierly qualities; the men were brave and the officer cool. Lieutenant Pearson, acting adjutant, rendered me efficient aid. Casualties: Private Henry Prince, Company A, killed; Private Daniel L. Brown, Company C, right leg amputated; Private Jacob Andrews, Company B, severe wound in left hip.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

THOS. J. MORGAN,

Colonel Fourteenth U. S. Colored Infantry.

Major S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of the Etowah.

Numbers 294.

Report of Colonel Thomas C. Boone, One hundred and fifteenth Ohio Infantry, of operations August 31 (Wheeler's raid).
HEADQUARTERS 115TH OHIO VOLUNTEERS,Murfreesborough, Tenn., September 13, 1864.

I have the honor to report: on the 31st of August, 1864, as per order from your headquarters, commenced mustering and inspecting my command on Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad stationed at the different block-houses, beginning at Numbers 3, then 2 and 1. Left the latter with my escort of six men, in company with Captain Ware, Company F of my regiment, for Numbers 4 and La Vergne; en route on pike was informed Wheeler's force had captured the latter-named place; arrived at Numbers 4 without any resistance. Lieutenant Nash, Company G, commanding, was fully prepared and expecting an attack, his house being one that has to be moved and is without a cover. After arriving at La Vargne discovered that I was entirely cut off and could proceed no farther, the enemy appearing on all sides. Lieutenant-Colonel Fitch, then in command, with sixty men

