
(including musicians), all armed, and [I] regret to state he was not directing with the coolness and judgment necessary to give that assurance and confidence the men have reason to expect of a commanding officer under such circumstances; therefore relieved him on the 5th instant, Captain Hake, Company B, relieving, who now is in command. Without artillery and infantry force, with Block-house Numbers 4 we saved near three miles of railroad, two large water-tanks, engine for forcing water, and a large amount of Government wood, said to be 10,000 cords; also wounded of the enemy 3, 2 of whom have since died; captured 3 prisoners and 5 horses. The enemy persisted in destroying the water-tanks and engine during the night. By magnifying our force and posting pickets at points where they could best protect themselves and do good execution [we] were enabled to check them. At one time the six men (the picket) turned near one whole company, leaving one empty saddle. Lieutenant Eadie, with his usual coolness and energy, rendered good service. He with his men (Company C) are justly entitled to credit for their coolness and bravery exhibited on this occasion; Captain Ware, Company F, also did good service. Proceeding to Smyrna, Block-house Numbers 5, at 11 a. m. 1st instant, out of range of our artillery and within half a mile of Smyrna bridge, the railroad was entirely destroyed, ties burned, most of the iron bent, ballast a complete lime-kiln. From examination of premises and report of Lieutenant Orr, commanding Block-house Numbers 5, with thirty men, Company B, have the following to report: The enemy attacked him between 7 and 8 a. m. 31st instant, after asking an unconditional surrender, to which he answered he did not know its meaning, and gave them to understand in language that could not be misunderstood, "No surrender." The enemy immediately planted four pieces of artillery, consisting of three 3-inch rifle Parrotts and one 12-pounder smooth-bore, and commenced firing at the block-house, continuing two hours and forty minutes, throwing sixty-four shells, five of which came through, four of them exploding, killing 3 of his men, severely wounding the lieutenant and 2 others, and slightly wounding 6. The number of shells striking the building was fifteen; seven struck the timbers above the embankment and below the roof, five penetrating the timbers. During this time a continuous and spirited fire was kept up, driving the enemy from every position within 1,000 yards, and expending near 1,000 rounds of ammunition, killing 1 of the enemy, wounding and capturing 1 prisoner, a messenger from their advance to General Wheeler's headquarters, which at that time was near Smyrna. Numerous attempts were made to burn the bridge; a few well-directed shots in each attempt saved it, with near a mile of railroad. I cannot speak to highly of the coolness and determined bravery and skill displayed by Lieutenant Orr and his little band of soldiers this block-house, which would do credit to old veterans.

Block-house Numbers 6, at Stewart's Creek, commanded by Sergt. T. T. Flohr, Company B, was attacked about 12 m. same day, and, unfortunately, surrendered, with but little resistance, and prematurely, they breaking greater portion of arms and throwing ammunition in cistern about the time of surrender and afterward. This block-house was not in the best state of defense, owing to the preparations which had been made for removing it to another place. The ground had been removed from one wing, exposing the door to the enemy's fire. But one shell struck the timbers, and not damaging sufficient

