
to justify a surrender, in my opinion. The enemy burned the house, bridge, tools, wagons, and captured 6 mules. Block-house Numbers 7 was attacked by the enemy with musketry alone, doing no damage. The entire amount of damage done to the track between La Vergne and Murfreesborough was 1 bridge burned and about 8 miles of track torn up and destroyed. About one-eighth of the rail, I think, was so injured that it would not be used without the use of machinery to straighten them. No damage was done to block-houses. North of La Vergne about 5 miles of track was torn up and destroyed. The remaining portion of my command between Murfreesborough and Tullahoma was not attacked during the late raid, except an occasional shot from straggling of the railroad. [Of] the extent on injury done to the road in that direction [I] am not fully advised.

Omitted stating at La Vergne, in addition to the Government property saved, that we saved and defended for A. Harver, citizen of Shelbyville, near $10,000 worth of cotton; also saved near same amount for citizen of or near McMinnville. The block-house north of Murfreesborough on Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad are nearly completed. With but two exceptions, Nos. 4 and 6 in their unfinished condition, they have been of great service in protecting the railroad and Government property in this late Wheeler's raid; when completed, with double casement, will defy any ordinary force.

Captain Campbell, Company K, did good service with his company; they being directly under your command as mounted infantry, therefore defer further comment, knowing their promptness and worth will be properly appreciated by the general commanding. Would be pleased to make favorable mention of some of my non-commissioned officers who distinguished themselves by bravery and coolness but for the length of my report; will merely mention the names of a portion; Sergt. J. J. Clark, Company B, at Block-house Numbers 5, under Lieutenant Orr, and Commissary Sergt. John Deuble.

I have the honor, captain, to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. C. BOONE,

Colonel 115th Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding.

Captain E. A. OTIS,

A. A. G., Hdqrs. U. S. Forces, Murfreesborough, Tenn.

Numbers 295.

Report of Captain William W. Scearce, Fifty-first Indiana Infantry, of operations August 14-15 (Wheeler's raid).

CAMP FIFTY-FIRST INDIANA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,

Chattanooga, Tenn., August 20, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submitting the following report of the part taken by the Fifty-first Indiana on the 14th and 15th instant, in the expedition against General Wheeler:

The regiment having received orders on the 14th, embarked on board the cars at 5 p. m., and arrived at Tunnel Hill at midnight. Here the regiment disembarked and was ordered to accompany the

