
artillery through the country to the gap in Rocky Face Ridge, where it arrived at about 3 a. m., and lay in line of battle on Colonel Morgan's (U. S. Colored Infantry) left until after sunrise; we then moved beyond the gap and took a position on the right of the Twenty-ninth Indiana. These two regiments formed the reserve, and occupied a position to the right and rear of the front line. After the charge made by Colonel Morgan's regiment, I was ordered to throw out two companies to protect our flank on the right. The skirmishers soon became warmly engaged; the right of the line, having advanced some distance beyond the main line, suddenly found themselves upon a large body of the enemy concealed in and about a large house. The enemy rushed upon them and demanded their surrender, but I sent a timely support that saved the line, and after more severe skirmishing the enemy withdrew, and my command, with rest of the force, marched into Dalton. The strength of my command was 380. My loss was 4 wounded, 1 mortally, since died, 1 captured.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. SCEARCE,

Captain Company K, Fifty-first Indiana Volunteers,

Temporarily Commanding Regiment on Expedition.

Colonel A. D. STREIGHT.

Numbers 296.

Report of Major General John M. Schofield, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Ohio.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, Decatur, Ga., September 10, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Army of the Ohio, in conjunction with the Armies of the Cumberland and Tennessee, under your personal direction, from the time of the concentration of the three armies to the occupation of Atlanta:

On the 26th day of April, 1864, I received your orders directing a concentration of the three armies for active operations, the Army of the Ohio to be the left wing of the grand army, and to rendezvous at Charleston, Tenn., by the 2nd of May. My troops were at that time distributed as follows, viz: First Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, at Charleston, Second and Third Divisions on the Virginia railroad from Knoxville to Bull's Gap, Fourth and Fifth Divisions distributed for the permanent occupation of East Tennessee and Kentucky. The Cavalry Corps, save two regiments, was in Kentucky, whither it had been sent in the winter and early spring to be remounted. After leaving the necessary troops in my department, I was able to bring into this distant field three divisions of the Twenty-third Army Corps and one division of the Cavalry Corps. The Second and Third Divisions, Twenty-third Army Corps, were soon afterward increased by two brigades transferred from the Fourth and Fifth Divisions. The three infantry divisions were commanded, respectively, by Brigadier Gens. A. P. Hovey, H. M. Judah, and J. D. Cox. Major General George Stoneman, commanding Cavalry Corps, commanded in person the division in the field. The effective force with which I moved from Charleston, including the cavalry,

