
and some sick and wounded have recovered and returned to duty; it has now on the rolls and aggregate of 682 men. Of these 8 officers and 70 enlisted men are on detached service in the department, and 415 fighting men are doing duty in its ranks. Though reduced in numbers and worn out by fatigue its esprit de corps and general moral were never better than to-day. Accompanying this report is a complete list of casualties* prepared by Assistant Surgeon Kennedy.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

JAMES C. ROGERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel 123rd New York Vols., Commanding

Captain D. W. PALMER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 184.

Report of Captain Andrew J. Compton, One hundred and forty-first New York Infantry.
HDQRS. 141ST REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Atlanta, Ga., September 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the operations of this regiment during the present campaign up to the occupation of Atlanta.

The regiment, under command of Colonel William K. Logie, broke camp at Shellmound, Tenn., May 2, 1864; joined the First Brigade, First Division, Twentieth Corps, to which it was assigned, with 22 commissioned officers and 434 enlisted men; took up line of march at 9 a. m., camping at night at Whiteside's Station; resumed the march next day, camping at night two miles south of Chattanooga. On the morning of the 4th marched to Lee and Gordon's Mills, near Chickamauga Creek. 5th, marched, camping at night near Ringgold. Remained in camp during the 6th, resuming the march the 7th, with slight skirmishing with the enemy during the day, halting at Trickum Cross-Roads for the night, where we remained the 8th and 9th. Breaking camp again the morning of the 10th, we marched to Snake Creek Gap; at 3 p. m. same day were ordered to the top of a ridge, where we constructed works, remaining there until next day at 3 p. m.; we returned to the gap and bivouacked for the night. On the morning of the 12th we moved through the gap and joined the forces under McPherson, where we remained until the 12th; then marched out toward the railroad, forming line of battle at 5 p.m.; constructed a line of works; lay on our arms till morning. Nothing of importance occurred during the day until 5 p. m., when we were ordered to the extreme left of the line as a support of the Fourth Army Corps who were trying to get into a position), and, together with the First Division, arrived just in time to rescue a battery that was enveloped by the enemy; remained in line of battle during the night. 12 m. the 15th we advanced our lines to the rebel fortifications, and, getting into a position under a heavy fire, we were engaged five and a half hours, repulsing three desperate charges of the enemy, losing

---------------

*Shows 2 officers and 18 men killed, 7 officers and 100 men wounded, and 17 men captured or missing; total, 144.

---------------

