
the night, with our left, Cox's division, on the Rome and Dalton road, about a mile north of the gap, Hovey's division being left at the gap. The next morning Judah and Cox advanced upon the left of the Army of the Cumberland to the enemy's position on the head of Camp Creek, while a reconnaissance was sent toward Dalton to open communication with the Fourth Corps, which was in pursuit of the enemy, and which was soon found to be within supporting distance. The troops were then ordered to advance, develop fully the enemy's position, and attack. General Cox on the left, after driving the enemy's skirmishers some distance over very rough, wooded ground, and into their works, reformed his troops, assaulted, and carried the enemy's first line. This attack was skillfully conducted and was executed with unsurpassed gallantry. Our loss was heavy and included many valuable officers. General Judah also ordered an assault, but it failed on account to natural obstacles, which rendered it impossible for the troops to reach the parapet in sufficient force. In spite of the most heroic efforts, this gallant division was compelled to retire with heavy loss. General Cox held the position he had carried until late in the afternoon, when he was relieved by troops of the Fourth Corps. Hovey's division was brought forward, and the next morning the corps moved to the extreme left on the Dalton and Resaca road, to support an attack to be made by the Twentieth Corps. The left of the Twentieth Corps, after a successful attack, being itself attacked in turn, Hovey's division was put in advance and sent forward in support. This divisions of new troops, now for the first time under heavy fire, advanced gallantry over an open field swept by the enemy's artillery, formed upon the left of the Twentieth Corps, engaged the enemy, and assisted in his signal repulse. Night having now come on, Hovey's division was intrenched on the prolongation of the line of the Twentieth Corps, and the other divisions were brought forward upon the flank, when it was found we had reached the bank of the Connesauga, and turned the enemy's right.

The enemy having retreated from Resaca during the night of the 15th, my command moved in pursuit the next morning, crossing connesauga and Coosawattee, and taking the Spring Place and Cassville road, via Field's Mill, Big Springs, and Marsteller's Mill, to Cassville, where we passed the Army of the Cumberland on the morning of the 19th, and continued the pursuit, General Cox is advance, to the Etowah bridge, driving the enemy's rear guard across the river. My troops then encamped near Cartersville and prepared for the next movement to turn the enemy's position in the Allatoona Pass. Meanwhile Colonel Reilly's and Casement's brigades, of Cox's division, and a part of Stoneman's cavalry, were sent to destroy the Etowah Mills and Iron-Works, which was thoroughly done, involving a loss of immense amount of valuable rebel property. Brigadier General H. M. Judah was relieved of the command of the Second Division on the 18th day of May and granted leave of absence on account of physical disability, and Brigadier General M. S. Hascall assigned to command that division. On the 23rd we marched with twenty days' supplies in wagons and haversacks, under orders to move to position on the left of the main army, ordered to concentrate near Dallas, our left flank and rear covered by Stoneman's cavalry. Following the Twentieth Corps across a pontoon bridge near Etowah Cliffs, we moved eastward across Richland Creek, and then via Richland Mills and Burnt Hickory, and the Second and Third Division went into position upon the left of the Army of the

