
Cumberland. On the morning of the 26th, near New Hope Church, drove the enemy into his intrenchments and gained a position covering the Dallas and Allatoona road. Hovey's division was left near Burnt Hickory to hold the pass until the 30th, when it was relieved by McLean's brigade, of the Second Division, and was brought forward. During the 26th and 27th the command devolved upon Brigadier-General Cox, I being disabled by sickness. From May 26 to June 2 my troops remained in this position, strongly intrenched, in close proximity to the enemy's works and engaged night and day in heavy skirmishing. On the 1st of June General Stoneman was sent with his command to occupy Allatoona pass, which he did at 6 p. m. of the same day. On the 2d, being relieved by the Fourteenth Corps, we moved again to the extreme left on the Burnt Hickory and Dallas road, near the head of Allatoona Creek, and went into position, Hovey on the right, Hascall left, and Cox center. We advanced about a mile and a half under heavy artillery and skirmish fire, driving the enemy before us, with the hope of turning his right. We succeeded in driving him across Allatoona Creek, where we found him strongly intrenched, his flank beyond our reach with the present development of my troops. General Butterfield's division, of the Twentieth Corps, was in support, but he understood his orders as not authorizing him to engage in the attack. I was, therefore, compelled to defer further operations until the next day, and the troops were hastily intrenched within a few yards of the enemy's line. The advance was made during a heavy rain-storm and against an obstinate resistance. Our loss was quite large, including several fine officers. The next morning, June 3, I withdrew Hovey's division from my right, brought it around to the extreme left, and pushed it forward in column, covered by strong front and flank skirmishers, with orders to strike beyond the enemy's right and reach the Dallas and Acworth road near Allatoona Church. The movement was completely successful. Hovey reached and gained full possession of the road, completely turning the enemy's position and causing him to abandon it at once. Cox and Hascall occupied the enemy's works in their front, but darkness rendered pursuit impossible. During the night the enemy abandoned his whole line about Dallas.

From the 4th until the 8th of June my command maintained substantially its position, while the main army changed front so as to cross the railroad below Acworth, replenished supplies, and prepared for the next movement. Brigadier-General Hovey, commanding First Division, having tendered his resignation, was granted a leave of absence for thirty days, June 9, and the brigades of his divisions assigned temporarily to the Second and Third Divisions. Subsequently, on the 11th day of August, the First Division was discontinued, and the brigades composing it were assigned to the Second and Third Divisions. On the 9th General Hascall made a reconnaissance on the Burnt Hickory and Sandtown road, and developed the enemy in position along the east branch of Allatoona Creek. On the 10th he advanced in force to the same position and intrenched, while General Cox passed the right of the Army of the Cumberland on the Acworth and Sandtown road, and went into position on Hascall's left, confronting the enemy's works about half a mile north of Hardshell Church. From this time until the 15th was spent in closing in upon the enemy's line, fully developing his position, and reconnoitering upon his left. These operations devel-

