
soon as the advance of the enemy was discovered General Cox was ordered forward with three brigades, leaving the fourth to hold the position at Cheney's, and took position in reserve upon the right.

On the morning of the 23rd Hascall advanced and occupied, without serious opposition, the position sought for in the reconnaissance of the previous day. The enemy was found in strong works in our front, and the 24th and 25th were spent in trying to overreach his left by extending our line, but without success. On the 26th Reilly's brigade, of Cox's division, pushed forward from Cheney', on the Sandtown road, and drove the enemy across Olley's Creek, where they held strong ground, well intrenched, with artillery in position. To turn this position Byrd's brigade crossed the creek a mile above the road, reached the wooded ridge beyond, and intrenched. The next morning Cameron's brigade crossed in rear of Byrd, moved down the south bank, and struck the enemy in flank, while reilly and General Cox pushed forward Reilly's and Cameron's brigades to the top of the ridge, a mile beyond Olley's Creek, and intrenched there in a strong position, covering the Sandtown road. Colonel Burd still held his position a mile to the left, while Colonel Barter connected between Colonel Burd and General Hascall. General Cox's division alone occupied a line full four miles in extent. During this day (the 27th) General Hascall made a strong demonstration against the enemy's position in his front, as a diversion in favor of the assault made by the troops of the other armies, and suffered considerable loss. General Cox's loss, considering the important advantages gained, was small.

General Hascall's division was relieved by troops of the Twentieth Corps in the night of June 30, and on the morning of July 1 passed General cox, on the Sandtown road, and pushed forward about two miles to the intersection of the Powder Springs, Marietta, and Ruff's Station roads. Hascall's advance was disputed all day by two brigades of infantry and a division of cavalry with a battery of artillery. This force, numerically superior to Hascall's division, was steadily driven back, and by sunset the desired position was gained, and before morning strongly intrenched. One brigade of Cox's division was advanced in the evening to a commanding position on Hascall's left, controlling the interval between him and Cox. Connection was till maintained with the right of the Army of the Cumberland by our picket-line, six miles in length, supported by detached brigades strongly intrenched on commanding points. The next morning, July 2, General Morgan L. Smith's division, of the Army of the Tennessee, arrived on the right, under orders from the general-in-chief to re-enforce my command, and was placed in position in the right of works constructed by General Hascall, thus enabling me to hold more strongly the interval between Generals Hascall and Cox.

During the 1st General Stoneman, supported by General McCook, crossed the Sweet Water with a portion of his cavalry, and moved down the south bank, to gain, if possible, the crossing near Sweet Water Factory, and threaten the Chattahoochee at Campbellton. One brigade (Adams') was left to cover Hascall's right during his advance. Stoneman met no enemy south of the creek, except a few small parties of cavalry, but found the bridge at Sweet Water town partially destroyed and strongly guarded. He was, therefore, unable to secure the crossing that day. The next morning he crossed without

