
rear. About 5 p. m. the enemy threatened Hascall's left and attacked the Fifteenth Corps, gaining a temporary advantage at the point where the line of the Fifteenth Corps crossed the railroad. Hascall's reserve brigade and some artillery were quickly put in position on his left, to cover the ground vacated by General Wood's division in its movement toward the center of the Fifteenth Corps, to assist in regaining the lost ground. This artillery did good execution upon the enemy's masses, and assisted somewhat the Fifteenth Corps in its gallant and entirely successful effort to drive back the enemy and regain all that had been lost. My troops were not called upon to participate any further in the action of this ever-memorable day, in which the Army of the Tennessee gained a brilliant victory, but lost its commander, the gallant and noble McPherson.

On the 23rd General Cox's two brigades, on the extreme left, were brought back, and we occupied, without material change, the line we had established in front of the Howard house until the night of the 26th, when, the Army of the Tennessee being withdrawn from the left and transferred to the night, our left was retired to flank works prepared for the purpose, while an advanced picket-line was maintained, and frequent demonstrations were made upon the enemy's right to cover the movements being made against his left. These operations continued without important incidents until the 1st of August, when my corps was also withdrawn and moved to the extreme right.

On the 27th of July Major-General Stoneman started, under the immediate orders of the general-in-chief, to make a raid upon the Macon railroad. He succeeded in destroying a large amount of property and doing much damage to the road below Macon. While attempting to return, General Stoneman was captured, with about 600 of his command, about 220 were killed and wounded, and the remainder made their escape, but many of them without arms or horses. The reports of some of the officers who returned, forwarded herewith, give all the details I have been able to gather of this expedition.

On the 2nd day of August we went into position along the north branch of Utoy Creek, upon the right of the Army of the Tennessee, preparatory to operations against the enemy's left. General Morgan's division, of the Fourteenth Corps, and General Ward's division, of the Twentieth Corps, which were in reserve near the right, were ordered to support me in case of an attack. The next day General Ward's division was sent to the trenches in front of Atlanta, and the remaining divisions of the Fourteenth Corps ordered to the right, to co-operate in the next movement.

On the 3rd General Hascall crossed Utoy Creek at Herring's Mill against strong resistance, and found the enemy occupying a strongly intrenched position in his front. He took position covering the crossing and intrenched under a heavy and destructive fire of artillery. General Baird's division, of the Fourteenth Corps, also crossed at the same place, and took position on Hascall's right, while General Johnson's division, of the same corps, crossed about a mile below and reached the old Decatur and Sandtown road. In the morning the remaining divisions of the two corps crossed and moved into position, General Cox in reserve, to support General Palmer's movement.

During the 4th and 5th no movement of consequence was made. In the night of the 5th General Johnson's division was sent to relieve General Hascall's in the trenches, and the latter was brought to the extreme right. I was satisfied that the enemy's line which

