
1 commissioned officer and 13 enlisted men killed, 4 commissioned officers and 80 enlisted men wounded, making a total of 93 killed and wounded. At 6 p. m. we were ordered to join the brigade from which we had become separated by our colonel misunderstanding an order given by our commanding general, and here allow me to state that General Joseph F. Knipe, who had the honor of commanding the brigade, showed himself in every way worthy of the star he wears and the confidence reposed in him by all who are under his command. Whenever there was a wavering in the line there immediately would be seen General Knipe, from whom a few words of encouragement would restore order and inspire the men wit confidence of success. We marched the morning of 16th inn pursuit of the enemy, he having retreated the night of the 15th, camping at night at or near Coosa River, crossing the river the next day at 9 a. m.; nothing of importance occurred during the day. We camped five miles from the river, marching the next day from 8 to 11 p. m.; bivouacked for the night. 19th, moved in direction of Cassville, capturing the place with little resistance; no casualties in our regiment. Occupying that place till the 23d, we moved toward the Etowah River, crossing that stream on pontoons at 2 p. m.; camped for the night on the opposite side of the river. After a tedious march from 4 a. m. to 4 p. m. the 24th, we encamped near Burnt Hickory Gap. Next morning at 7 a. m., crossing Pumpkin Vine Creek and making a forced march of four miles, moved upon the Dallas pike in support of Second Division, who had met and driven the enemy about three miles. Reaching Geary's division at 5 p. m., we moved in advance of them and engaged the enemy till dark, losing 6 enlisted men killed, 2 officers and 19 enlisted men wounded, making a total of 27 killed and wounded. My command was relieved at 8 p. m. Fell back in reserve, where we remained till the morning of June 1. In compliance with orders at 10 a. m., we marched tot he left of the line and bivouacked for the night. 2d, fell in and marched about one mile farther to the left and halted for the night, remaining there till the 4th; at 4 p. m. we relieved the Fifth Connecticut Volunteers on the skirmish line, with the loss of 1 man mortally wounded. 6th, the enemy fell back at daylight, the brigade having previously moved to the left in direction of Marietta, where we rejoined it and camped for the night, remaining there till the 11th, when we fell in and marched one mile farther to the left, halting at Lost Mountain, where we constructed works and occupied them till the 14th. We then marched in direction of Kenesaw Mountain, leaving Lost Mountain to the right. We were close on the enemy, who fell back steadily before us till 4 p. m., when he attempted to make a stand; slight skirmishing ensued, in which 3 of my command were wounded, and remained under arms over night. 15th, we rejoined the division, which had gone to the support of Geary and lay till the 16th, when we advanced close to the rebel fortifications and constructed works. The enemy evacuated during the night. 17th, moved in pursuit, and, coming upon the enemy's rear guard, my command was ordered to support Battery M, First New York Artillery, which had been sent on the skirmish line. We bivouacked for the night, and laid in camp till the morning of the 19th, when it wad discovered that the enemy had fallen back.

We again took up line of march, and my command was ordered to support Battery I, First New York Artillery, while it shelled a knoll occupied by the enemy. Immediately after we were ordered

