
ADDENDA.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 104. Decatur, Ga., September 8, 1864.

I. The commanding general deems this a proper occasion to express to the officers and men of the Twenty-third Army Corps his admiration of their patient endurance of great hardship and privation during a winter campaign in East Tennessee, and the pride and satisfaction with which he has witnessed their uniform good conduct and conspicuous gallantry during the memorable campaign which has ended in the capture of Atlanta. The Twenty-third Corps has won for itself an honorable name and a proud place in the history of the nation. In accordance with a suggestion of the major-general commanding the Military Division of the Mississippi, "Knoxville" and "Atlanta" will be inscribed together upon the flags of corps.

II. The army will be securely intrenched about Decatur without delay, upon lines to be laid out by the chief engineer, after which, until further orders, the time will be devoted to rest, improvement of the health, comfort, and efficiency of the troops and general preparation for the next campaign. The troops will be fully paid and clothed as soon as possible, and every effort must be made to promote their health and efficiency. Under the direction of the division and brigade commanders they will be exercised daily in evolutions of the battalion, brigade, and division, and special attention will be given to dress parades, weekly inspections, guard mounting, and instructions in picket and other guard duty. The general regulations for camp and personal police will be strictly observed. It is the sacred duty of every officer, both to the country and to the gallant soldiers under his command, to do all in his power to promote the health and comfort and efficiency of his troops, to the end that the great object of the war may be accomplished with the least possible loss of time, treasure, and blood. The commanding general trusts and believes that all officers will show the same zeal and efficiency in the discharge of these duties of the camp as they have done in the discharge of the arduous and dangerous duties of the field.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 297.

Report of Surg. Henry S. Hewit, U. S. Army, Medical Director.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE,

Louisville, Ky., January -, 1865.

The complete medical and surgical history of a great campaign would be the most valuable contribution that could be made to the literature of military medicine. Under the present system of organization and distribution of labor, duty, and the average standard of exact scientific culture and professional enthusiasm, approximate worthy report of facts, and some of the results of individual and col-

