
mulated at this point, and from this store the army procured its field outfit for the commencement of the campaign. The troops moved from Red Clay to co-operate with the other forces of the Military Division of the Mississippi on the 7th of May, and participated in the battle of Dalton and Rocky Face Ridge on the 9th. The losses were slight in this engagement. The wounded were promptly removed, and subsequently conveyed to buildings near Tunnel Hill Station, from whence they were sent to Chattanooga. It was found, however, that no sufficient provision had been made for the reception of any wounded, excepting those belonging to the Department of the Cumberland, and consequently I gave directions for the extension of hospital accommodations at Knoxville for the Department of the Ohio. The Department of the Tennessee selected Rome as its hospital center at a later period. The cavalry, with Surg. A. M. Wilder (who had previously been relieved from the Twenty-third Army Corps, and assigned to it in order that its medical organization might be placed on a proper basis, and medical officers instructed in their duties), as medical director, joined on the 10th instant. Not being at this time furnished with ambulances, and the commanding officer refusing to allow them, an order was given by General Sherman to provide for the wounded of the cavalry, when incapable of transportation, by leaving them at the houses of the inhabitants, and contracting to pay $1 per day for their board and care; this amount to be payable in gold by any U. S. disbursing officer. Additional stretchers were procured at this time, and an extra supply of chloroform and stimulants. On the 12th, the troops having been successfully withdrawn from the front of Dalton and Rocky Face, commenced a march by the right flank, by Snake Creek Gap, toward Resaca, whither the enemy had retreated, and on the 13th advanced through Sugar Valley, and went into position.

The battle of Resaca was fought on the 14th and 15th. As soon as the troops were deployed a house was selected as the nucleus of a general field hospital. The two divisions occupied the same ground and the operating staff worked as their services were most needed. Surg. F. Meacham, U. S. Volunteers, having reported and been assigned as surgeon in chief of the Third Division, took temporary charge of the hospital of his division. Primary depots were established in convenient position. The ambulances were stationed at points easy of access, and the wounded, after being temporarily dressed, were promptly conveyed to the field hospital. Operations were performed with exceedingly little delay, and by midday of the 15th all the capital operations had been performed, the wounded sheltered, fed, and the hospital in successful operation. A large quantity of hay was found on the ground and made use of as bedding. A delegation of highly respectable gentlemen from New York and Brooklyn arrived on the field and visited the hospital, who had an opportunity of witnessing the method of improvising accommodations for great numbers of wounded men in the midst of battle. The Sanitary Commission was also present, by its representatives, who rendered important aid. The supplies were abundant, and I am not aware that any soldier suffered for what his case absolutely required, or lost his life through carelessness or neglect on the part of surgeons or attendants. The enemy evacuated his position on the night between the 15th and the 16th. Orders were immediately sent to move the wounded into the station at Resaca for convenience of

