
supply and transportation to the rear. This was accomplished with much suffering and considerable delay. Temporary hospitals were established at Resaca, the wounded collected from the different field hospitals and transferred to Chattanooga as rapidly as possible. This duty was performed under the supervision of Surgeon Coolidge, lieutenant-colonel and medical inspector, U. S. Army. No action of moment occurred from this time till the battle of Dallas. The movements were in column for a short distance and then frequently, for miles, slowly in line of battle.

There was continued skirmishing, but no very severe marching and no heavy fighting. The country was high and rolling, the water pure, and the weather delightful. The external conditions for successful campaigning were all that could have been desired, and the troops in excellent spirits. The disabilities at this time, as the regimental sick reports will show, were extremely few and of a mild character.

On the 20th the army went into camp at Cassville Station. Orders were given to send all sick and disabled men to the rear, and arrangements were made to obtain fresh supplies and an additional quantity of hospital tents. The entire department was rearranged for a continuance of the campaign, in the most active manner. On the 24th the Etowah was safely crossed, and on the 25th the battle of Dallas commenced. As soon as the Twenty-third Army Corps was in position in front of the rebel works, a safe place at a convenient distance was selected, and the general field hospital of the army established in divisions. Accommodations were extended by building booths of leaves and boughs upon strong frames, and beds were made of pine boughs. The operating staff had in the mean time reported, after discharging their duty to the wounded at Resaca. The fact that no great numbers of wounded were thrown suddenly upon the hospital at one time insured for each case prompt and thorough attention. This hospital continued in operation till the 31st, when the sick and wounded were sent in wagons, carefully packed with boughs, and in ambulances, to Kingston (a distance of twenty miles) for transportation by railroad to the rear. This duty was performed under the immediate superintendence of Surg. R. M. S. Jackson, U. S. Volunteers, and was preparatory to making a movement to the left flank. On the 2nd and 3rd of June the hospitals were moved up to the rear of the new position occupied by the troops of the Twenty-third Army Corps, which had advanced on the left.

The flank movement having turned the right of the enemy, and the cavalry having occupied Allatoona, on the railroad, it was selected as a site for a general field hospital. Accordingly the sick and wounded which had accumulated since the 31st of May were sent thither, and steps taken to render their condition as comfortable as possible.

The hospital was placed under charge of Surg. C. W. McMillin, and soon afterward Surg. F. Meacham, who was relieved in charge of Third Division by Surg. Charles S. Frink, U. S. Volunteers. The special operating board was now dissolved, and the organization of division hospitals having become perfected, the surgeons of divisions selected their own operators. Surgeon Shippen operated frequently and well, and the practice of primary operations was continued without interruption. Surgeon McMillin remained on duty and attended where his services were required. Surgeon Crawford was placed in charge of the Second Division hospital, and

