
to advance and occupy a wooded knoll to our right, which we did (with the loss of 1 man wounded), constructing a line of works under a galling fire of the enemy. We remained here till the next morning at 7 a. m., when we were relieved by a regiment of the Fourth Corps, marching the same day about five miles to the right; camped for the night. Next day, the 21st, we constructed a line of works in front of the Second Brigade. 22d, we advanced two miles to a place called Kolb's farm, when we were attacked by the rebels in force, but repulsed him with terrible loss to them, with a loss of 1 man killed, 1 missing, 5 wounded, making a total of 7 in my command. Here we constructed a line of works and remained till July 3. Having ascertained that the enemy evacuated during the night of the 3d, we started in pursuit; marched about nine miles, to the Chattahoochee River; we camped for the night. 4th, 4 p. m. fell in and proceeded forward three miles; camped for the night. 5th, resumed our march, with but slight opposition, to within two miles of the river, when we halted for the night. 6th, moved toward the left about three miles; constructed works; went into camp, doing picket and other duties till July 17, when we again took up line of march; proceeded to Vining's Station; crossed the river on pontoons; advanced two miles on the opposite side; bivouacked for the night. 18th, started at 3 p. m.; marched three miles and camped for the night; resumed our march next day to near Peach Tree Creek; camped for the night. 20th, about 8 a. m. fell in and crossed the creek above mentioned, and had proceeded but a short distance when we came upon the enemy. A few minutes before 4 p. m. it was evident that the enemy was about to assault us. We were quickly formed in line, when the most terrific battle ensued during the campaign. We repulsed three charges of the enemy. We were under a terrific fire for three and a half hours, from the front and flank, losing 2 commissioned officers killed, 12 enlisted men killed, 6 officers and 58 enlisted men wounded, making a total loss of 78. During the night we constructed works. It was here our young, brave, and much-loved Colonel Logie received a wound which proved fatal in a few hours; also our lieutenant-colonel (A. J. McNett) received a wound in the right arm which rendered amputation necessary. He had been with the regiment but a few months, but during that period had gained for himself a reputation of gallantry and bravery that he hereafter may be proud of. Here also our major (C. W. Clanharty) received a painful wound, and nearly at the same time our adjutant fell severely wounded, having been pierced through both legs with a minie-ball. He fell at his post and in discharge of his duty. A braver officer never wielded the sword in defense of his country. He may never be able to return again for duty, but he will always remain in the hearts of the regiment. 21st, strengthened our works and cared for our dead and wounded. 22, the enemy having disappeared from our front, we pursued him two and a half miles, getting into position, and constructed a line of works in front of the city under a heavy shelling. Nothing of importance occurred except the requisite picket and siege duties until August 25. The casualties in my command from July 22 until August 25 was 1 enlisted man wounded in quarters by a stray bullet. On the 14th of August I returned from the hospital and took command of the regiment. 25th, at 8 p. m. we fell back to Chattahoochee River, which we reached on the morning of the 26th. We remained here till September 2, strengthening our fortifications and watching the

