
and of the life of the state. The subject of reciprocity between the medical department of belligerents and the mutual protection of hospitals and their occupants is one which the profession should urge upon the Government, and never relax its efforts till the principle is fully recognized and inaugurated. The hospital should, under all circumstances, be held sacred. Surgeons and attendants engaged in their legitimate duties should not be subject to capture, and hospital stores and medicines should have free transit and enjoy freedom from capture or confiscation. The question is of the utmost importance in its most obvious view in saving life and mitigating suffering on the field of battle, and taking away the necessity for sudden and most distressing removals of wounded men accordingly to the exigencies of conflict. Its remote influences in mitigating the asperities of war, promoting true civilization, and advancing the interests of science, are still more important and profound. I have called attention to this subject on several occasions, and have always acted upon the principle, as far as possible, in my official intercourse with Confederate surgeons. I believe that a system with proper military restrictions may be devised and adopted that shall fully meet the demands of humanity and science. It can be effected by the combined action of the profession and the medical department of the Army. It would do more than any measure, either military or political, to realize the desire of every patriot - the restoration of an harmonious Union.

The general performance of duty on the part of the members of the medical staff has been excellent.

I take pleasure in naming certain officers who have exhibited extraordinary qualities of industry, intelligence, and skill: Surgs. Charles W. McMillin, Charles S. Frink, S. K. Crawford, and Thomas H. Kearney, as members of the operating board, performed excellent and faithful service; Surgeon McMillin's services were recapitulated in a special published order. Surgeons Frink and Lawton, U. S. Volunteers, have shown industry, vigilance, and ability as surgeons in chief of divisions, and are rapidly acquiring the knowledge and experience necessary to fill successfully the highest position in the department. Surg. Edward Shippen has rendered valuable service as medical director, first, of the post of Knoxville, and [then] of the Twenty-third Army Corps in the field. He is now the acting medical director of the Army of the Ohio. Surgs. S. K. Crawford and J. S. Sparks, in charge of the Second and Third Division hospitals, have manifested the utmost devotion, courage, patience, and intelligence in the performance of their arduous duties, and a remarkable faculty of adapting means to ends and creating comfort and well-being out of apparently hopeless circumstances, on the plain or in the forest. Surgs. J. H. Rodgers, One hundred and fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry; D. L. Heath, Twenty-third Michigan Infantry; C. D. Moore, Thirteenth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry; J. T. Woods, Ninety-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and William H. Mullins, Twelfth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry; distinguished themselves as operators, surgeons of sound and trustworthy judgment and practice. The executive duties were also ably and promptly performed. Surg. Josiah Curtis conducted the business of the officer of the medical director at Knoxville in a correct and methodical manner. The general hospital of the Army of the Ohio was managed with ability by Surgeon Meacham, U. S. Volunteers, and the Asylum general hospital at Knoxville was brought to a very high

