
cation by orderly was difficult from the character of the country. This station was continued as one of communication and observation. From this point Dalton and the enemy's movements were visible and reported until 12th instant, when we moved by the flank, leaving Fourth Corps to answer the enemy, while we moved by way of Snake Creek Gap on Resaca. I forgot to mention that I had joined the party on Tuesday, the 10th instant. Captain Babcock, after the passage of the gap, had established a station on mountain five or six miles to the rear, but from which the Fourth, Twentieth, Twenty-third, and, perhaps, the Sixteenth Corps were visible. By the use of this as a central station, radiating lines of communication were opened. We opened with them, but as our corps alone and in mass were hotly engaged during the 14th, there was not any necessity for signaling. On 15th we supported Hooker; since then, until end of month, we have been constantly moving, and our principal duties have been observation and reading and reporting rebel signals.

Lieutenant Galbraith was relieved from duty on 11th instant, his resignation having been accepted by the War Department.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. G. McCREARY,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer, Dept. of the Ohio.

Captain HENRY S. TAFFT,

Signal Officer, Washington, D. C.

CAMP IN THE FIELD, June -, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of operations and movements of signal corps for the month of June, 1864:

At commencement of month had an observation station on Stoneman's Hill, the highest point accessible to us from where we could watch rebel signal station on Lost Mountain, messages from which, deciphered and referred to the commanding general. About the 5th, our cavalry having occupied Allatoona Pass, an attempt was made by Captain Case and myself to open communication, but our army moved and we abandoned it. Until 14th instant short lines of local importance were opened, when, Pine Mountain being in our possession, a radiating station was opened, and our corps was immediately put in signal communication with General Sherman, some eight miles distant. On 17th instant, our cavalry having driven the enemy from Lost Mountain, Lieutenant Reynolds opened station and Captain Daniels, who was with General Schofield, answered the Lost Mountain station. From this point also communication was opened with Pine Mountain, when my other station communicating with Pine Mountain was broken up. Lost Mountain was occupied until end of month, communicating with four stations - Numbers 1, to Pine Mountain and thence to General Sherman's headquarters, about fourteen miles; Numbers 2, to General Thomas' headquarters, eleven miles; Numbers 3, to general Hooker's headquarters, eight miles; Numbers 4, to General Schofield's headquarters, seven miles. The value of Lost Mountain as a signal station was that it was in direct communication with the various headquarters and all communication, from one to another must be sent by that line, as no direct communication could be opened from one to another. Thus, for instance, communications were sent from General Schofield to Lost Mountain, thence to Pine Mountain, thence to General Sherman, a distance of nineteen or twenty miles by the

