
enemy by daily reconnaissances. At 1 p. m. September 2 we broke camp at Chattahoochee River, marched toward the city of Atlanta, entering it at 5 p. m. without the firing of a gun, where we are now encamped.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. COMPTON,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain D. W. PALMER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 185.

Report of Colonel James L. Selfridge, Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 46TH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLS.,Atlanta, Ga., September 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the regiment under my command during the campaign just ended:

The regiment, numbering 29 officers and 7344 men for duty, broke camp and marched from Decherd, Tenn., on the 28th day of April last for the front, joining the balance of the corps at Chattanooga on the 3rd day of May. From Chattanooga we marched toward Resaca, via Snake Creek Gap, reaching the field upon which was fought the battle of Resaca on the 13th, and, after being put in position, threw up breast-works. On the morning of the 14th, the position having been changed, we rested until late in the afternoon, when we were moved in quick time to the left of the line, where General Stanley's division, of the Fourth Corps, was posted, and took position on the left of the Third Brigade of our division after that brigade repulsed the enemy, and remained until near noon of the 15th, when we moved to a ridge on the left of the Dalton and Resaca road, taking position in double-quick time, under direction of the brigade commander. My regiment was on the extreme right of the brigade and division, and connected with the left of Colonel Wood's brigade, of the Third Division, of the Twentieth Corps. This position was taken under heavy infantry fire from the enemy, and held during the entire engagement. Each advance of the enemy was handsomely repulsed with severe loss to them. A number of the enemy's arms were collected and stacked, but as our movements were hurried no account was taken. The casualties in this engagement in my regiment were 5 men killed, 2 officers and 32 men wounded. Early on the morning of the 16th we moved forward (the enemy having evacuated Resaca), taking the road to Cassville, in front of which town we arrived on the 19th, and, having taken position, built breast-works, the enemy holding the heights in rear of Cassville, which they, however, abandoned during that night. We rested at Cassville until the 22d, when we marched with the brigade toward Dallas. During the afternoon of the 25th was fought the battle near Dallas. The position of my regiment in the fight was again the extreme right. The line was formed on the right of the road and moved steadily and handsomely forward, driving the enemy nearly two miles over a rough and wooded country into their

