
pairing the railroad, on the 5th of the same month. From Red Clay we marched in the direction of Dalton and reached Rocky Face Ridge on the 8th. On the 9th, in pursuance of orders, I sent Colonel burgess with the One hundred and twenty-fourth Indiana Volunteers to guard the roads, near Smith's farm, to the left and rear of our forces. About the same time Colonel Barter, with the One hundred and twentieth and One hundred and twenty-eighth Indiana Volunteers, was sent to support General McCook's cavalry on the left, who were threatened by heavy rebel forces. The Second Brigade, under Colonel John C. McQuiston was sent to support the Third Division, commanded by Brigadier-General Cox, and were for the first time brought under fire. Their conduct was highly commendable. On the 10th my division moving on the extreme right by the left flank, with flankers thrown out toward the lines of the enemy, so as to fully guard the movement of the whole corps then marching toward the rear and on my left. This movement was successfully made in the presence of the enemy under a sharp and well-directed fire from their batteries. On the 11th sharp skirmishing took place in my front, and I advanced my division and formed them in line of battle, soon after which the enemy retired. On the 12th the corps moved for Snake [Creek] Gap, and arrived there the same day. On the 13th I left the Second Brigade, with the Twenty-fourth Indiana Battery, under command of Colonel McQuiston, to guard the west end of the gap, proceeded with the First Brigade to the east end and took position on the extreme left of the corps. On the 14th, the Second Brigade having come up, I was ordered with my division to the front, where our lines were already engaged in heavy skirmishing, almost amounting to battle. On the 15th day of May at sunrise commenced the battle of Resaca. At 6 a. m. I was ordered to relieve General Judah' division, which had been hotly engaged for several hours. At this position my division remained, doing good service, my batteries being admirably handled and disabling three guns of the enemy within their embrasures. At 11 a. m. I was ordered to take position with the corps on the extreme left of the line of battle. We arrived at the designated point about 3 p. m., where the battle was raging in front of the lines of General Hooker's corps. His left was severely pressed, and at 4.30 p. m. my division was ordered to the support of General Williams' division, of Hooker's corps, who had been assailed by superior numbers. At the time of receiving this command my division was closed in mass in the gorge of the mountain, and out of range of the enemy's guns. In my front lay an open field, at the farther side of which and at the distance from my position of over 700 yards, Williams was gallantry contending with the foe. On an eminence to my right, and commanding the open field, the rebel batteries were sweeping the ground before us. To aid General Williams my forces were compelled to breast a heavy fire in the front and the raking enfilading discharges of the enemy's artillery. Nothing daunted, my new raw regiments, as they were called, by battalions in echelon charged with loud huzzas across the open field at double-quick, and soon by their well-directed fire rolled back the rebel forces like smoke before the wind. The enemy fled, leaving their dead and wounded on the field. I have never seen veterans placed under more trying circumstances, and never saw a movement on the field more brilliantly done. In this single

