
dash the officers and men of the First Division won for themselves the proud names which soldiers love to bear - of victors and veterans. When the enemy fled my division occupied the extreme left in our line of battle, where they camped for the night. On the 16th we pursued the enemy, fording the Connesauga and crossing the Coosawattee on bridges built by Major-General Schofield. On the 19th we camped near Cassville, Ga., where skirmishing in our front continued until the 23d. On the 24th we crossed the Etowah River and camped at Widow Thompson's, beyond Burnt Hickory, where we remained until the 28th, our skirmishers pressing the enemy in front. On the 29th we marched across Big Pumpkin Vine and took position not far from Dallas. The skirmishing in our front here was very severe, several of my command being killed and wounded. On the 2nd day of June, 1864, my division moved from hill fort by the flank in two lines before the enemy's works toward the extreme left of our army, during which movement our lines were warmly engaged by the enemy, but the firmness of my men held the rebels at bay. On the 3rd I received orders to move my division still farther east and beyond the extreme left of our army to search for the road leading from Acworth to Dallas, which position, if obtained, would bring the railroad communications from the north into our lines. This undertaking was regarded as extremely hazardous, as it would place my command nearer the enemy and somewhat remote from the support of our army. There was danger of being cut off from the main army. The first part of this movement was made under a heavy rain and the latter under the shot and shell of the enemy's batteries, but my column moved firmly on and reached the desired position at Allatoona Church before sundown. I immediately informed Major-General sherman and Schofield of my success and was gratified to hear that they were highly pleased with the result. As soon as in position I caused rude barricades and breast-works to be erected, and was shortly after re-enforced by the arrival of other troops in my rear. The effect of this movement was soon perceptible, for the enemy the same night abandoned their works on our right and front and made a corresponding movement on their right. On the 4th my division moved down the Dallas road and connected with the left of the Second Division of the Twenty-third Corps, our lines keeping up a continued skirmish until the 6th, when it was supposed from appearances that the enemy had fled, leaving a strong cavalry force on Lost Mountain.

It would be difficult if not impossible at this time to give a detailed and accurate description of the movements of my division from Rocky Face Ridge to Lost Mountain. It would scarcely be inaccurate to say that all the movements, extending through many days, was one continuous battle. Day after day and night after night my gallant command faced the foe without faltering, and their record thus far, though short, is one of which each officer and soldier may well be proud. As to the general conduct of officers and men, I will only say that I will not attempt to particularize, for all did their duty nobly. Colonel R. F. Barter, commanding the First Brigade, has made another page to his already bright history, and Colonel McQuiston, commanding the Second Brigade, with his hard common sense, coolness, and bravery, has rivaled the oldest veterans in the army. Colonel Burgess, One hundred and twenty-fourth Indiana; Colonel Case, One hundred and twenty-ninth Indiana;

