
Colonel Parrish, One hundred and thirtieth Indiana; the gallant Colonel De Hart, One hundred and twenty-eighth Indiana, who was severely wounded, and Captain Hardy, Twenty-fourth, and First Lieutenant Houghton, Twenty-third Indiana Batteries, all command my warmest commendations. My staff proved themselves noble gentlemen and true soldiers. Captain Thomas J. Dela Hunt, acting assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant John T. McQuiddy, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant Jesse W. Walker, aide-de-camp, were always ready, willing, and in the right place. I take great pleasure in making the highest honorable mention of Major Reuben C. Kise, inspector of my division; Captain B. R. Perkins, Twelfth [U. S.] Infantry; Captain George C. Winslow, assistant quartermaster, and Captain Joseph P. Pope, commissary of subsistence, who, although not required by their positions to face the enemy, were ever on the field and in the front performing the full duties of true and gallant soldiers.

I refer to the brigade reports herewith transmitted for greater details and the casualties in my command.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

ALVIN P. HOVEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Division.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 300.

Report of Colonel Richard F. Barter, One hundred and twentieth Indiana Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations May 9-16.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Near Marietta, Ga., June 18, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the First Brigade in the recent movements against the rebel forces from the 9th of May to the 16th of May, inclusive:

In obedience to orders from division headquarters, the First Brigade, composed of the One hundred and twentieth Indiana Infantry, Lieutenant-colonel Prather commanding, One hundred and twenty-fourth Indiana Infantry, Colonel Burgess commanding, and One hundred and twenty-eighth Indiana Infantry, Colonel De Hart commanding, marched from camp near Harris' Gap toward Rocky Face at 12 m. on the 9th of May. Having proceeded about half a mile, I received orders to send one regiment back to Smith's house, for the purpose of protecting our left, which was menaced by the enemy's cavalry. The One hundred and twenty-fourth Indiana being in rear of the column, I directed Colonel Burgess to move to the rear and occupy the position, and moved forward with my two remaining regiments a short distance, when I received orders to move to the right in column of division to the support of the Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, which was engaging the enemy near Rocky Face. Having arrived at the point designated, I found the Second Division driving the enemy. My brigade remained in this position but a few moments, when I, in compliance with orders from General Hovey,

