
moved by the left flank over a rugged hill covered with thick under-brush, for the purpose of filling a gap between the Second Division and Second Brigade of the First Division. This position was maintained for the space of one hour, when I moved to the left in support of the Second Brigade. Remained in this position until 3.30 p. m., when, by direction of General Hovey, I marched my brigade to the left and rear to relief of General McCook's cavalry, which was hard pressed by the enemy's cavalry, and formed line in rear of the Georgia and East Tennessee Railroad. At this point I was rejoined by the One hundred and twenty-fourth Indiana. I also received an accession to my command of the One hundred and twenty-ninth Indiana, Colonel Case commanding, and Twenty-third Indiana Battery, Lieutenant Houghton commanding. Remained in this position until 12 o'clock at night, when I received orders from the division commander to move to the rear and occupy a ridge about one mile in rear of the railroad. Here I formed line of battle and remained until 5 a. m. on the 10th, at which hour I moved to the right and took position on the left of the Second Brigade and confronting the enemy, who were strongly posted behind their works on Potato Hill. Remained in this position for a short time, when, by direction of the commanding officer of the division, I moved my brigade to the left about one mile and went into camp. Remained in camp until 7 a. m. on 11th, when I received orders to move my brigade toward Snake Creek Gap. Arrived at Snake Creek Gap at 2 p. m 13th, and took position behind a line of works upon a hill east of Snake Creek Gap, and in support of the Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps. At 2 p. m. on the 14th, by direction of the commanding officer of the division, I left one regiment (One hundred and twenty-fourth Indiana) as train guard and moved forward with the remainder of the enemy near Resaca; arrived and took position in rear of Second Division at 3 p. m. At midnight the One hundred and twenty-eighth Indiana was, by order of General Hovey, moved to the left about half a mile to hold a gorge in the hills, through which the enemy could pass, and which up to that time had been left unguarded. This position was held by the One hundred and twenty-eighth Indiana, under a heavy fire from the enemy's battery and sharpshooters, until 1 p. m. 15th, when it was relieved and rejoined the One hundred and twentieth Indiana. At 1.30 p. m. moved to the left of the Twentieth Army Corps, which we found hotly engaged with the enemy. Formed line in an open field. Just as my line was being formed, a vigorous charge was made upon the left of the Twentieth Army Corps. I ordered the One hundred and twentieth and One hundred and twenty-eighth to charge across the open field to the rescue of the One hundred and forty-third New York, which was gallantry holding the ground against two Alabama regiments commanded by the rebel Colonel Baker. The enemy hearing the cheers of our advancing line, and being hard pressed by the Second Brigade, gave way in confusion beyond the railroad. Thus was the enemy foiled in his attempt to turn our left. We immediately constructed works of logs and rails as a protection to the men and remained in line until morning, the mud and water rendering it impossible to lie down. On the 16th, it having been ascertained that the enemy the Connesauga River and went into camp until dark. For seven days and nights the men of my command were expecting battle, and

