
I deem it but justice to them to say that both men and officers met all the dangers and endured all the hardships and privations without a murmur.

To Colonel De Hart, Lieutenant-Colonel Prather, and Major Healey I am especially indebted for the coolness and courage displayed by each, and by which I was enabled to manage my command without detracting, I trust, from the proud and unsullied record won by veteran "Hoosiers" for our noble and patriotic State.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, your most obedient servant,

R. F. BARTER,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

Lieutenant J. W. WALKER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Division.

Numbers 301.

Reports of Colonel John C. McQuiston, One hundred and twenty-third Indiana Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations May 9-17 and June 9-24.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Nea Resaca, Ga., May 17, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the recent series of engagements commencing on May 9 and ending May 17, 1864:

On the morning of the 9th instant at 11 a. m., in pursuance to orders, two regiments of my command, viz, One hundred and twenty-third Indiana Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Cullen commanding, One hundred and thirtieth Indiana Volunteers, Colonel Charles S. Parrish commanding, advanced from camp near Harris' house, in column by division, down a valley in front of Stony [Rocky] Face about one mile, to the support of General Judah's command, who engaged the enemy, driving them in direction of their works near Potato Hill. At 1 p. m., by your order, I moved my command by left flank to the extreme left of Second Division to the support of General Manson's command. Arrived near the foot of Potato Hill at 4 p. m., when, in pursuance to orders from General Manson, I formed my command in line of battle on the left of his brigade and advance in direction of Potato Hill, having thrown out Companies I of the One hundred and thirtieth Indiana Volunteers, Captain Barnes commanding, and B of One hundred and twenty-third Regiment Indiana Volunteers, the whole under command of Captain Robbins, of One hundred and twenty-third Regiment, as skirmishers, who immediately engaged the enemy, they opening a heavy fire of artillery and musketry upon our lines. I strengthened my skirmish line by details from the main line, when the enemy was driven to their intrenchments. At 5 p. m. the One hundred and twenty-ninth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, Colonel Case commanding, arrived, and was posted in support of the brigade. The fire of the enemy's artillery and musketry was continued until about 6 p. m., when they made a charge, driving in the left of General Manson's line, our right gallantry holding their ground until the lost position was retaken. Firing continued until dark, our men resting on their arms

35 R R - VOL XXXVIII, PT II

