
eral prisoners, the enemy leaving their dead in our hands. The skirmishers were then posted along the railroad line, and during the night I caused barricades to be built in front of One hundred and twenty-ninth and One hundred and twenty-third Regiments, the One hundred and thirtieth Regiment posted in support of One hundred and twenty-ninth Regiment, where the command remained under arms during the night. At dawn of 16th May I caused two companies of the skirmish line to advance, beyond the railroad near half a mile, finding no enemy. I then, in obedience to your order, moved the command by the right flank to the rear of First Brigade, forming column by division in echelon, and remained until 9 a. m., when I moved in rear of First Brigade, parallel with the line of the Atlanta railroad, fording the Coosawattee River, and encamped for the night about two miles south of the river. May 17, command moved to cross-roads; halted, drew three days' rations, and moved to Big Spring, camping on Mrs. Phillips' farm.

I cannot close my report without calling your attention to the gallant and soldierly conduct of the officers and men of my command in the hour of danger. They all without exception discharged their duties and promptly obeyed every order with veteran coolness and rendered me every assistance desired. I heartily indorse the commendations of the commanders of regiments of Second Brigade as to the gallantry of officers and men of their respective commands as mentioned in their reports herewith inclosed. As the operations of my command were under your immediate supervision I hope you can bear testimony to the Hoosier gallantry displayed.

I herewith inclose detail list of casualties of my command.*

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. McQUISTON,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Brigadier General ALVIN P. HOVEY,

Commanding First Division.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Georgia, June 24, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the late campaign in Georgia, commencing June 9 and ending June 24, 1864:

On the evening of June 9, 1864, my command was posted in column by battalion on Allatoona Creek, about one mile from Allatoona Church, where I reported to you, and was ordered to remain in position, covering wagon trains. I posted pickets in front and on all roads leading to my position, where we remained until 5 a. m. of June 12, when, by your orders, I moved two regiments, viz, One hundred and twenty-ninth Indiana Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Zolinger commanding, and One hundred and thirtieth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, Colonel Charles S. Parrish commanding, southward in direction of Lost Mountain to rear of Colonel Cooper's brigade, where we remained in camp until 1 p. m. June 15, when we moved to breast-works in front, relieving Colonel Hobson's command. At 5 p. m. advanced across a valley, occupying enemy's works. June 16, 10

---------------

*Aggregating 1 officer and 29 men wounded; total, 30.

---------------

