
works. Having gained their works, they opened a heavy artillery and infantry fire upon us, which brought us to a halt on a rise immediately in front of their works. Their artillery used grape and canister, but, not being able to depress the pieces sufficiently, most of their missiles passed over us. The right of the regiment having been swung forward came within about fifteen yards of the enemy's works, and could distinctly see the muzzles of their guns. The regiment was under very heavy artillery and infantry fire for over two hours, during which time they expended over sixty rounds of ammunition to a man. After dark the regiment was relieved by a regiment from Colonel Coburn's brigade, of the Third Division. The casualties during this engagement were-Captain D. H. Chesbro and Lieutenant John W. Phillips killed, and Captain Craig and Lieutenant Ketrer wounded; 6 men killed, 51 wounded, and 3 missing. The regiment remained near the battle-ground until June 1, when it moved to Brownlow's Hill in rear of Lost Mountain, where works were thrown up and occupied until the 5th, when we moved to a point west of Pine Mountain, where we found the enemy strongly intrenched. Our position being designated by the general commanding the brigade, we built works and occupied them until the 14th. With the exception of skirmishing nothing of moment occurred during our stay at this point. On the morning of the 15th the enemy's works were found evacuated. We moved across them several miles south, where new rebel works were discovered, and the brigade formed in line, my regiment again having the right. I sent the left wing of the regiment forward as skirmishers, by order of the general commanding the brigade, who drew the fire of the enemy and discovered that we were close to their works. But few shots were fired by the regiment excepting on the skirmish line. The enemy, however, kept up a brisk fire of both artillery and infantry. One section of a rebel battery was so posted as to enfilade a portion of my line, and, having received notice from an officer on the skirmish line that he was within range of that battery, I directed him to send men where they could pick off the gunners, which he did successfully, thus silencing those guns. Early in the morning of the 17th we moved to the left, where the balance of the division was posted, and built works during which time we were under continued fire from the enemy. On the morning of the 18th, the rebel works being found deserted, we moved forward and south of them to the Marietta road, where the enemy shelled our lines vigorously. My regiment was placed in position in the second line supporting Battery I, First New York Artillery. The enemy's works being found deserted, we moved on the morning of the 19th. Besides daily skirmishing nothing worthy of note occurred until the morning of the 22d, when, having had the line indicated to us, we took position on a ridge on Kolb's farm. Having stacked our arms, I ordered the regiment to collect rails and other material for the purpose of building breast-works, which work had but just been commenced when sharp firing on the skirmish line indicated an advance of the enemy. The regiment was immediately formed and moved to the crest, loading as they advanced, and taking position between the pieces of Captain Woodbury's battery (M), First New York Artillery, found the enemy advancing in four lines. As they emerged from the woods in front of our position the artillery opened. I directed my men to hold their fire until they came in range, which they did. The enemy moved steadily forward until they came within good range, when the command was given

