
the Twenty-third Army Corps was marched on the Ruff's Station road to the railroad and there encamped. On the 8th we marched northeastwardly to the Chattahoochee River. On the 11th of July we crossed the river and fortified our position. On the 17th we marched in the direction of Decatur; slight skirmishing. July 18, continued the march; slight skirmishing this day also. On the 19th my brigade moved in advance of the division, the Ninety-ninth Ohio in advance, followed by the One hundred and twenty-third, the One hundred and twenty-ninth, and One hundred and thirtieth Indiana Volunteers.

After crossing Peach Tree Creek the enemy offered an obstinate resistance to our advance, the Ninety-ninth Ohio being all deployed as skirmishers, and the other regiments following in line of battle. The resistance to our advance being very stubborn, I found it necessary to re-enforce the skirmish line by detachments from the One hundred and twenty-third Indiana, Lieutenant-Colonel Cummins, Ninety-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, by repeated charges and heavy firing, kept our command advancing slowly until within sight of Decatur, when he and his men being quite worn out and out of ammunition, I relieved the whole line with the One hundred and twenty-ninth Indiana Volunteers, Colonel Zollinger. Everything being ready, and the rebels evidently in readiness for us, Captain Shields opened with two pieces of artillery, and I then ordered Colonel Zollinger to charge at once on the town, the other regiments following in supporting distance. The rebels were completely routed, though they attempted to hold their rail works, and afterward occupied the houses for defense. They could not, however, check the swift and steady advance of our troops and fled from the town, burning the railroad depot, and some trains of wagons. With the town well protected by skirmishers, I posted my other troops, under the direction of the brigadier-general commanding, and then ordered the One hundred and twenty-third Indiana Volunteers to destroy the railroad, which was effectually done, and ably supervised by Colonel McQuiston and Lieutenant-Colonel Walters, of that regiment, about a mile of the road being destroyed and the rails twisted. On the 20th we advanced upon Atlanta, gained a position in front of the enemy, and fortified; made a fruitless effort to find the enemy's flank and turn it. I am inclined to believe the result would have been more satisfactory had the movement been ordered and executed in daylight. July 31, we remained in position behind our works. Captain J. A. Bope, Ninety-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, acting inspector of the brigade, and always actively employed on the skirmish line, was this day wounded in two places, and had his clothes riddled with bullets. He is a great loss to the command. On the 22nd of July, the enemy having evacuated their advanced line, we moved forward and established ourselves in a position about a mile and a half from the city. We remained in this position until the 1st instant, making several demonstrations to attract the enemy's attention to us, and, as in all demonstrations of this kind, our men having to expose themselves while the enemy kept covered, we lost many moe of our brave men.

On the 1st of August we gave place in the evening to troops of the Fourth Corps, who relieved us, and marched next day to the right of the army, encamping in an open field in reserve. August 3, my brigade followed Colonel Hobson, and, in conjunction with the

