
rest of the division, drove the enemy's advance and established a position in front of and to the right of General Cox's division Colonel Walters, in command of the skirmishers, by a skillful maneuver captured here, 1 officer and 14 men. August 6, we were relieved by General Carlin's brigade, of the Fourteenth Corps, and we were marched to operate still farther to the right. In the afternoon I was ordered, with my brigade, to report to General Cooper. He formed his brigade in two lines, mine in one line on the left of him, and charged an intrenched position of the enemy, manned by dismounted cavalry and infantry and some artillery. We gained the position with heavy loss to ourselves, but failed to get the guns.

The movement, however, compelled the enemy to evacuate, their whole advanced line on the right. We fell back, by orders, in the night. The next day we held a position in reserve on the right flank, while the other troops of the division occupied the enemy's evacuated works. That same evening we were moved still farther forward, protecting the flank. August 10, being relieved by other troops, we were advanced to the position gained by the other troops of the division, and on the 12th of August I was relieved from the command of the brigade, the regiments composing it having been assigned to the other brigades of the division on orders from department headquarters, breaking up the First Division.

Occupying this, captain, please find a consolidated list * of casualties the aggregate loss being 213. In all of the operations under my command the troop of the brigade have exhibited all the high qualities of brave and good soldiers, and their hardships and suffering can only be appreciated by those who have been with and fought with them. To my regimental commanders and the field officers generally the credit belongs for all the successes we have met with for fighting behind works. As the campaign is conducted, a brigade commander has little opportunity to practice any tactical skill.

My staff officers, I am sorry to say, are required to rejoin their regiments in consequence of the order breaking up the brigade. They are all faithful, energetic, and prompt in the discharge of their duties, and have always given me valuable assistance in the hour of need. I have refrained from mentioned names because distinction could not but be invidious where so many have done their whole and more than their whole duty, but I cannot close my report without mentioning one name-he is nothing but a private and an orderly-Samuel A. Talley, Company F, One hundred and twenty-third Indiana Volunteers, knows no danger where duty calls; no fatigue when anything more is to be done; is most reliable in every particular, and is brave to a fault. Should this official notice of him bring him any advancement, it will be a just reward for good and faithful services.

I respectfully refer to the inclosed reports of regimental commanders for an explanation of the particular movements of their respective commands and for their recommendation in their respective regiments.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. T. SWAINE,

Colonel Ninety-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding

Captain EDMUND R. KERSTETTER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Twenty-third Corps.

---------------

* Not found

---------------

