
Numbers 303.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel William A. Cullen, One hundred and twenty-third Indiana Infantry, of operations May 9-17.
HDQRS. 123rd Regiment INDIANA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Near Resaca, may 17, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and twenty-third Regiment Indiana Volunteers, under my command, during the recent series of engagements near Dalton, Ga., from May 9 to the 17th, inclusive:

On the morning of the 9th, in pursuance to orders, the regiment moved from camp near Harris' house down the valley in front of Rocky Face, in supporting distance of General Judah's division, thence across the hill to the left of General Manson's brigade, forming line of battle under fire in front of Potato Hill. Here we threw out skirmishers, who engaged the enemy, driving them back to their fortifications, we sustaining a loss of 3 men wounded, whose names are hereto appended. We remained here under arms during the night. On the morning of the 10th we skirmished with enemy from daylight until 10 o'clock, at which time we were ordered to return to Harris' house, where we encamped for the night. Early on the morning of the 12th we passed from the extreme left of the army through Tunnel Hill to the cross-roads near the right of General Howard's corps, at which point, by your direction, I took position to protect the corps train, throwing my flanking companies as skirmishers.

On the morning of the 13th, the train having passed the point of danger, I moved by a forced march, joining your brigade at the mouth of Snake Creek Gap, where I remained during the night. On the morning of the 14th I moved though the gap, taking position immediately in front of the enemy's works near Resaca. At dawn of the 15th I relieved the line in front and moved to the support of the Twenty-fourth Indiana Battery, where I remained under a heavy fire of artillery and musketry until near noon; being then relieved I removed rapidly to the extreme left of the army, passed through a narrow and debouched on an open plain in front of the enemy's batteries. Crossing the open field the regiment formed a line of battle and advanced in support of two companies of skirmishers from your brigade, sustaining in our advance a heavy enfilading fire from the enemy concealed in an almost impenetrable thicket. By 5 p. m. my left rested on the Atlanta railroad, my right close on the One hundred and twenty-ninth Indiana Regiment. During the night Companies A, B, E, G, and K were deployed in front of your brigade, under command of Major Walters, who during the night took several prisoners and inflicted a severe loss on the enemy. On the morning of the 16th my command advanced across the railroad en route for Atlanta, fording the Coosawattee and encamped three miles beyond. I can heartily say in behalf of my command that both officers and men behaved under all circumstances with veteran coolness and Hoosier gallantry. I am indebted to Major Walters and Captain Robbins (acting on staff) for valuable assistance during the engagements.

List of casualties One hundred and twenty-third Regiment.*

W. A. CULLEN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding 123rd Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

Colonel JOHN C. MCQUISTON, Commanding 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., 23rd A. C.

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 4 wounded.

---------------

