
No., 334.

Reports of Colonel John C. McQuiston, One hundred and twenty-third Indiana Infantry, of operations June 24-August 12.
HEADQUARTERS 123rd REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Ruff's Station, Ga., July 24-August 12.
HEADQUARTERS 123rd REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,

Ruff's Station, Ga., July 6, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by One hundred and twenty-third Regiment Indiana Volunteers in the late campaign in Georgia, commencing June 24 and ending July 6, 1864:

On the morning of June 24 I assumed command of One hundred and twenty-third Regiment, posted behind works erected on the right of a road in front of the residence of Charles W. Manning, where I remained with my command until 5 p. m. of June 25, when, in pursuance to orders, we moved forward and occupied works half a mile southeast of former position, relieving One hundred and eleventh Ohio Regiment, where we remained until 6 p. m. of June 26; moved forward and were posted in support of Colonel Hobson's brigade until 6 a. m. June 27, when ordered to the left of Colonel Hobson's command and occupied works under fire of the enemy, relieving Sixth Tennessee Regiment, and was ordered to advance a strong skirmish line and engage the enemy. I detailed sixty men, under command of First Lieutenant James Jeffries, who engaged the enemy, driving him to his works, the enemy making stubborn resistance. I strengthened the line by details from main line, and kept up a vigorous fire during the day, under fire from the works of the enemy upon my front and flanks. The officers and men, acting with the most daring bravery, held the position until dark, when I ordered intrenchments thrown up to protect them.

Our loss was heavy, being 1 officer, 1 sergeant, and 5 privates killed, and 35 wounded during the day. The forces on our left and right failing to secure advanced positions, rendered it impossible to construct works in daylight, as the fire from the enemy's works, 300 yards distant on the next range of hills, commanded my front and both flanks. I reported to you the situation on the forenoon of 27th, when your ordered that the position be held. My command remained in position under continual fire until 11 o'clock June 28, when the enemy charged our line and were repulsed. Firing continued until 6 p. m., when, by your order, we were relieved by One hundred and thirtieth Regiment Indiana Volunteers and moved to works 100 yards in the rear. June 29, built barricades to protect my command against enfilading fire of enemy, which was continued during the day. At 6 p. m. I was ordered to relieve One hundred and twenty-ninth Regiment and took position within the works. During the night constructed slight works to protect skirmishers; occasional firing during the night. June 30, remained in position; firing continued until evening, when I received orders to hold my command in readiness to be relieved, and was relieved by One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Regiment at 3 a. m. of July 1, and moved one mile to rear. At 3 a. m. advanced on the road leading toward point on the railroad south of Marietta, passing to extreme right of Twenty-third Corps; deployed Company C, Captain Utter commanding, as skirmishers, and advanced in line of battle on the right of Colonel Cooper's brigade; charged across several fields and woods under fire of enemy's artillery and musketry, driving them, and arriving at 5 p. m. at cross-roads five miles from

