
Ruff's Station, taking position on road to the left of Colonel Cooper's brigade. By your order deployed two companies as skirmishers; advanced them across a field under heavy fire of the enemy, who was posted behind barricades. Our skirmishers continued advancing slowly, keeping up a vigorous fire about one hour, when they charged the enemy on our right, when I ordered the regiment forward, driving the enemy from his position and establishing our picket-line three-fourths of a mile in front of the road, when, by your order I moved my command to rear of the brigade to rest, they having been five days and nights under fire and one day without food. We remained in camp until 1 p. m. of July 4, when the command moved about two miles in direction of Ruff's Station; built barricades; remained until dark and moved forward through dense woods to a field in support of One hundred and twenty-ninth Indiana Regiment, who occupied enemy's works; remained in position until 9 a. m. July 5, when we moved back to camp near crossroads. July 6, the command moved to Ruff's Station, encamping near Atlanta railroad at 3 p. m.

In closing this report I take great pleasure in bearing testimony to the soldierly conduct and cool bravery of the officers and men of my command in the hour of danger, and to their earnest efforts to discharge their whole duty to the Government.

Herewith inclosed I send complete list of casualties of my command, commencing June 24 and ending July 6, 1864.*

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. McQUISTON,

Colonel, Commanding 123rd Regiment.

Colonel P. T. SWAINE,

Commanding Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS 123rd REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Near Atlanta, Ga., July 30, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and twenty-third Regiment Indiana Volunteers in the late campaign in Georgia, commencing July 6 and ending July 30, 1864:

On July my command was encamped near Ruff's Station, where we remained until 6 o'clock July 8, when we moved in northeasterly direction about eight miles to the Chattahoochee River, and were ordered to the support of the Sixth Michigan and Twenty-second Indiana Batteries, where we took position until July 11, at 3 p. m., the enemy throwing a few shells, doing no damage, when we moved across the river to a hill, taking position on the left of Second Division, where we encamped until July 14. Moved to the left one mile and a half, occupying a position on a high ridge until July 17, when the command moved at 8 a. m. in direction of Decatur, Ga., in support of Colonel Cooper's brigade, skirmishing with the enemy a distance of about four miles. July 18, resumed the movement in direction of Decatur, skirmishing six miles, encamping in support of One hundred and twenty-ninth and One hundred and thirtieth Indiana Regiment until July 19, when the command moved forward, my command taking position on a hill supporting Ninety-ninth Ohio Regiment.

Detailed Company H, Captain Martin commanding, Company I, Captain Hill commanding, as skirmishers, when the regiment ad-

---------------

* Aggregate 1 officer and 9 men and 37 men wounded; total, 47.

---------------

