
vanced in line of battle to Decatur, driving the enemy through the town, where by your order I moved the left wing of my regiment to the railroad and destroyed about three-quarters of a mile of the road, when I relieved the left with the right wing of the regiment, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Walters, who continued the work of destroying the road about one hour, when the enemy opened heavy fire from a battery about 400 yards distant. In pursuance to orders I moved my command half a mile to the right; built barricades; remained until 6 p. m., when ordered to move to the right about two miles, encamping in dense woods until 6 a. m. July 20, when we advanced westward in direction of Atlanta in support of Colonel Cooper's brigade. Arrived on a hill three miles from Atlanta, where we took position until 6 p. m. when we charged forward about half a mile, driving the enemy, establishing our picket-line in advance. We returned to the left of Colonel Cooper's brigade and built breastworks, where we remained until 3 a. m. of July 22, when the command moved forward in line of battle through the enemy's works, taking position on a hill one mile and a half from Atlanta, built works supporting Twenty-second Indiana Battery, where we continued strengthening our works under fire of enemy's artillery until 10 a. m. July 23, when ordered to move to the right and occupy works built works the night. Completed the works, cut tress and bushes in front, where we remained in position until July 28, the enemy keeping up continual fire of musketry, with occasional artillery firing. I strengthened skirmish line, who charged the enemy in pursuance to orders, gaining a position in advance, where they remained until night, when they returned to former position, having lost 8 men wounded. My command remained in the works making the necessary details for skirmish line until July 30, 1864.

As most of the movements and operations of my command were under the fire of the enemy and under your immediate supervision, it is with feelings of pleasure that I bear testimony to the coolness and gallantry of the officers and men in the discharge of their duties under trying circumstances, and hope their conduct will be fully appreciated.

I herewith inclose complete list of casualties from July 6 to July 30, 1864.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. McQUISTON,

Colonel, Commanding 123rd Indiana Volunteer Infantry.

Colonel P. T. SWAINE,

Commanding Second Brigadier, First Div., 23rd Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS 123rd REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., August 13, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations and movements of the One hundred and twenty-third Regimen Indiana Volunteers in the late campaign in Georgia, commencing July 31 and ending August 12, 1864:

On the 31st of July my command was in works previously built on east side of Atlanta, and one mile and a half from that city, where we remained until 8 p. m. of August 1, when the command moved to the right in direction of Chattanooga and Atlanta Railroad; encamped at midnight and resumed the march at 6 a. m. August 2,

---------------

* Aggregating 14 men wounded.

---------------

