
Numbers 305.

Report of Colonel Charles Case, One hundred and twenty-ninth Indiana Infantry, of operations May 9-17.
HEADQUARTERS 129TH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, Big Spring, Ga., May 18, 1864.

SIR: Pursuant to your order I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements and operations of the One hundred and twenty-ninth Regiment Indiana Volunteers from the 9th instant to the 17th, inclusive:

The regiment rejoined your command on the 9th about 5 p. m., it having been detailed prior to that time, by order of General Hovey, to guard and hold two important mountain passes in the rear of the corps. When my command reached your lines it was at once formed to the left of Colonel Barter's, in support of your line which was then skirmishing with the enemy. The firing gradually decreased in your front and ceased about 8 p. m. At 10 p. m. we moved with the residence of the command across the open ground into the forest and near the crest of a hill, where we bivouacked for the night under orders to be ready to move at 4 a. m. We were in readiness at the hour appointed, but did not march until nearly 7 o'clock. On that day my regiment again formed the support of your brigade, moving (after reaching the front) in column by division about 100 yards in rear of the One hundred and twenty-third. We were more or less under fire of the enemy's artillery until about 4 p. m., when we were ordered back to the Harris house, where the command rested for the night. At this point I was compelled to leave the regiment for the hospital on account of illness, and did not rejoin it until the division marched for Snake Creek Gap on the 12th. On reaching that point, your command being ordered to hold the gap, the One hundred and twenty-ninth was moved about one-fourth of a mile into the gorge and formed in line of battle, the two wings being thrown up the mountain slope on each side of the narrow pass.

According to your order, my position was selected with a view to concealment so that we might be able to take any attacking party by surprise. Thus formed, we remained on duty until 10 a. m. of the 14th, when we again moved with the division to the front, arriving about 4 p. m., and taking our proper position in line of your brigade, in support of General Hascall's brigade, then hotly engaged with the enemy, before a strong rebel fortification. In this position we remained during the night of the 14th, the men resting on their arms, and being exposed during the entire night to the irregular fire of the rebel batteries.

At 9 a. m. of Sunday, the 15th, the command was directed to advance and relieve General Hascall's brigade, but before my regiment came under fire of the rebel musketry the division was ordered to retire and march immediately to the left of General Hooker's corps. We reached General Hooker's left about 3 p. m., and found his troops hotly engaged, the enemy evidently endeavoring to turn his flank. Passing through a gorge the One hundred and twenty-ninth was marched into an open field of about seventy rods in width and there ordered to deploy in close column by division, our center division right in front. While this command [was] being executed a masked battery of the enemy opened on the regiment; the first shell passed directly over the point where I was resting on

