
eral times along the line during the fight and found them at all times at their posts, watching and encouraging the men, directing their fire, and carefully observing whenever they could the movements of the enemy. It is a pleasure to me to know, colonel, that both you and General Hovey were eye-witness of their timely coolness and firmness in bringing off the regiment from the range of the masked battery. Of the demeanor of all my officers and men who were under fire I can only speak in terms of praise.

On Monday, 16th, we marched with your brigade, crossing the railroad and passing many rebel works. The roads were strewn with guns and camp equipage, and large numbers of their dead were left unburied. At 4 p. m. we forded the- River, the men wading to their waists, marched three miles and camped. Tuesday, the 17th, we crossed the -River, marched to Big Spring, and camped at 10 a. m.

I am, colonel, with high regard, your obedient servant,

CHARLES CASE,

Colonel 129th Indiana Volunteers.

Colonel JOHN C. McQUISTON,

Commanding Second Brigadier, First Div., 23rd Army Corps.

Numbers 306.

Reports of Colonel Charles A. Zollinger, One hundred and twenty-ninth Indiana Infantry, of operations June 24-August 12.
HEADQUARTERS 129TH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS INFANTRY,Camp in the Field near Marietta, Ga., July 7, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report, commencing June 24 and ending July 8, 1864:

I moved my command from its old position to the front, and took possession of the second line of works and remained there until the 27th, when I was ordered forward to take position in the rear of the One hundred and twenty-third Indiana Infantry, relieving the Sixth Tennessee. Five companies of my command were ordered forward to fill a gap between the Ninety-ninth Ohio Infantry, of your brigade, and the Fourteenth Kentucky, of the Second Brigade, and remained there till the 28th, when I relieved the Ninety-ninth Ohio with the right wing of my command. The enemy made a dash on our lines about 9 p. m., but were repulsed.

Heavy skirmishing took place on the morning of the 29th. My command was relieved on the evening of the 29th by the One hundred and twenty-third Indiana Infantry. At 7 p. m. we took possession of the second line of works; remained there till the 1st of July, 4 a. m., when I was relieved by a part of General Geary's division, and moved to the left on the Atlanta road about one mile a half, and stopped two hours and took breakfast and remained there till 8 a. m. We then advanced several miles on the road leading to the Chattahoochee River, passing to the extreme right of the Twenty-third Army Corps; sent out Company A, Captain Cole commanding; took position on the left of the One hundred and thirtieth Indiana Infantry, Colonel Parrish commanding, being in the rear of the One hundred and twenty-third Indiana Infantry and Ninety-ninth Ohio Infantry. We then advanced about half a mile. Then was ordered

