
to commence firing. After the first volley (Battery M pouring into the advancing columns grape and canister at the same time) their lines became broken and confused, and those who advanced seemed to be doing so without any order, but each on his own account. Their loss in our immediate front must have been very heavy. My regiment held its position, expending over sixty rounds of ammunition per man. Receiving a fresh supply of ammunition, we were not relieved, but built works during the night. A large number of rebel arms and accounterments were collected and turned over to Lieutenant Augustine, division ordnance officer. The casualties in this fight compared with the enemy was wonderfully small, being 2 men killed, 10 wounded, and 3 missing.

We held the works until the morning of July 3, when we moved toward Marietta, striking the main road about one and a half miles from that town. Crossing the road we moved toward the right near Nickajack Creek and encamped on high ridge near Vining's Station and rested until July 17, when we moved across the Chattahoochee River. On the 20th we crossed Peach Tree Creek and moved in a southwesterly direction. At about 3 o'clock in the afternoon of that day, while resting and awaiting orders to go into position, heavy artillery and infantry firing was heard on our left and in front of the Second Division. Pursuant to orders from the general commanding the brigade, we moved by the right flank, double-quick, and took position on the right of the brigade in an open field, the right resting on a knoll near a small log-house, and about thirty yards in rear of the Marietta and Atlanta road. The skirmishers being driven in in the meanwhile by the enemy, who was advancing in large force along the entire line, we took position under very heavy fire. Beyond and near the road was a dense woods trough which the enemy advanced, which protected them and in a great measure concealed them from our view, while my regiment, being in an open field and without works, was under a constant and murderous fire. My regiment had position on the extreme right of the corps, and did not connect with any troops. The Fourteenth Corps was in position on our right rear, leaving a gap of at least one quarter of a mile, through which the enemy moved by a flank, thus getting on our flank and rear, and between us and the Fourteenth Corps and exposing us to an enfilading fire. As soon as I discovered the movement, I moved the right of the regiment back, leaving the left stationary, thus in a measure avoiding the enfilade, but as the gap was too great it was impossible to check it altogether. While executing this movement we took 3 rebel prisoners who were in our rear, and whom I sent to the rear. I reported the fact of the enemy's movement on our flank to Brigadier-General Knipe, commanding the brigade, who promptly sent the Twenty-seventh Regiment Indiana Volunteers to my right, which shortened the gap, although it did not close it. The enemy, however, was drawn from that position. The regiment held its ground until relieved by two regiments from the Third Brigade after dark, when we formed a second line about fifteen yards in rear of our original position, and assisted the regiments in the first line to build breastworks, which were completed before daylight next morning. I cannot refrain from saying that no troops ever behaved better than did the officers and men of the regiment it was my fortune to command on this occasion. The loss sustained by my regiment was great. Casualties were-Lieutenant Howell J. Davis and Lieutenant Samuel Wolf,

