
to take position on the right of Colonel Cooper's brigade, in the immediate rear of the skirmish line. We then charged across a field and some dense woods about half a mile, where we halted. I then sent our skirmishers in our front. We were then under the fire of the enemy's artillery and musketry. We then moved toward the left, arriving at the cross-roads leading to Ruff's Station. There we built breast-works and remained until July 4, when we moved, at 2 p. m., to the front, about two miles. Lost 3 while taking position on the left of the One hundred and thirtieth Indiana Infantry, Colonel Parrish commanding. Built breast-works and remained there until dark, when we moved forward through a dense woods, occupying the enemy's works. We remained there until the 5th, and moved back and joined the Second Division. There we remained until July 6, and then moved to Ruff's Station, on the Atlanta railroad, and remained there until July 8, when we moved in a southeasterly direction to the Chattahoochee River.

In closing this report I have the honor to state that the officers and men of my command discharged every duty assigned them cheerfully and promptly, and well deserve the title of true soldiers and devoted friends of our country.

The casualties in my command, commencing June 24 and ending July 7, 1864, were 1 man killed and 1 officer and 4 men wounded.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

C. A. ZOLLINGER,

Colonel, Commanding 129th Regiment Indiana Volunteer Infantry.

Colonel P. T. SWAINE,

Commanding Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS 129TH INDIANA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Camp near Atlanta, Ga., August 12, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and twenty-ninth Regiment Indiana Volunteers in the present campaign in Georgia, commencing July 6 and ending August 12, 1864:

Remained at Ruff's Station until July 8; moved to Chattahoochee River, and were posted in support of Colonel Cooper's brigade until Monday, the 11th, and moved across the river, taking position on the left of the One hundred and thirtieth Regiment. Remained there until the 14th, then moved to the left and took position on a high ridge, and remained there until July 17. Moved at 8 a. m. about five miles in direction of Decatur, in support of Colonel Cooper's brigade, skirmishing all the way. Continued to move on the 18th in direction of Decatur, encamped on a high ridge, took position on the right of One hundred and thirtieth Indiana, built works, and remained there until the 19th, when my command advanced in direction of Decatur, driving the enemy. My command advancing on the right of the road leading to Decatur, was ordered to relieve the Ninety-ninth Ohio about 1 p. m., and deployed my command as skirmishers, Captain Martin's company, of the One hundred and twenty-third Indiana Volunteers, supporting the line.

I advanced the skirmish line, charged the enemy, drove them through the town and across the railroad; halted and took position on a high ridge and built barricades; remained there until relieved

