
by General Dodge's command, Sixteenth Army Corps, at 6 p. m., then moved back and rejoined the brigade; moved to the right about two miles, and encamped in an open field.

Moved on the 20th at 6 a. m., advanced in a west direction in support of Colonel Cooper's brigade until within three miles of Atlanta, where we remained until 6 p. m., when we again charged the enemy, the One hundred and twenty-third on the right, Ninety-ninth Ohio and One hundred and thirtieth Indiana supporting us; drove the enemy took position, and built works, where we remained until July 22. Advanced at 3 a. m. in line of battle over the enemy's works, and took position on a ridge one and a half miles from Atlanta; built works supporting Fifteenth Ohio Battery, where we remained strengthening our works under fire of the enemy's artillery until 10 a. m. July 23; were ordered to move to the right and occupy works built during the night. Completed the works, cut trees and bushes in front, where we remained until July 28, the enemy keeping up a continual fire of musketry with an occasional shot from their batteries. Here I strengthened the skirmish line and charged the enemy in pursuance to orders, gaining a position in advance; then returned to former position, where I remained until 8 p. m. of August 1, when we marched in direction of the Chattanooga and Atlanta Railroad, encamped at midnight, resumed the march at 6 a. m., August 2, crossing said railroad, and taking position on the extreme right of the Twenty-third Army Corps in an open field in support of the Twenty-second Indiana Battery, having marched a distance of about eight miles. Was ordered to make a detail of seventy-two men to work on fortifications; also sent thirty-four men on picket duty under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Walters, One hundred and twenty-third Indiana. Remained in this position until 1 p. m. August 3, when we were ordered to advance; marched by the right flank through the works of the Third Division, crossed a creek, moved to the summit of a hill in front of the Third Division, and deployed in line of battle on the left of Colonel Hobson's brigade. Remained here but a short time, when I was ordered to the left in support of your brigade. Soon after taking my position the enemy opened a heavy fire upon us from a battery, severely wounding Second Lieutenant Charles Tyler.

We threw up breast-works to protect us from an enfilading fire of the enemy's battery; remained in our position until 4 a. m. August 6, when we were ordered to the right of Third Division behind works; remained about two hours; ordered to move out of the works and take position on the left of General Cooper's brigade, with the One hundred and twenty-third and One hundred and thirtieth Indiana Volunteers on my left. Advanced in line of battle through a dense wood and over deep gullies until we emerged into an open field, where we charged the enemy behind works under their fire of musketry and artillery; drove them from their position, and held in until dark, when we withdrew. Our loss in the regiment was 2 killed and 19 wounded. Among the killed was Sergeant Mason, carrying the colors. When he fell the colors were picked up by Private Peter Fox, of Company E, and boldly he carried them forward.

After withdrawing we returned to the works we left on the right of the Third Division; remained here until 6 o'clock August 7, when we were ordered to the support of General Cooper's brigade; remained about two hours, when we advanced and took possession

36 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT II

