
of the works recently occupied by General Cooper. Remained here until 6 p. m., when we were again moved forward and took position on a hill; threw up works. Remained here strengthening the works until 4 p. m. of August 10, when we were ordered to the right; took position, fortified it, where we yet remain.

As most of the movements and operations of my command were under the fire of the enemy, and under your immediate supervision, it is with feelings of pleasure that I bear testimony of the coolness and gallantry of the officers and men in the discharge of their duties under trying circumstances, and hope their conduct will be fully appreciated.

I herewith inclose a complete list of the casualties from July 6 to July 30, 1864.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. ZOLLINGER,

Colonel, Commanding 129th Regiment Indiana Infantry.

Colonel P. T. SWAINE,

Commanding Second Brigadier, First Div., 23rd Army Corps.

Numbers 307.

Report of Colonel Charles S. Parrish, One hundred and thirtieth Indiana Infantry, of operations May 9-17 and June 24-August 11.
HDQRS. 130TH REGIMENT INDIANA INFANTRY VOLS.,In the Field, May 21, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with request, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the recent campaign commencing on the 9th and ending on the 17th instant:

On the morning of the 9th, in pursuance of orders, left camp at Harris's house and proceeded to Potato Hill, where we found the enemy in force. After many tactical and highly interesting battalion maneuvers, was finally ordered to send forward one company, to be deployed as skirmishers, to act in conjunction with a company detailed from the One hundred and twenty-third Regiment Indiana Infantry for like purpose. I immediately ordered Captain Barnes, commanding Company I, for this duty, who proceeded to the front indicated. The captain while discharging this duty was disabled by a shot from the enemy passing through his body immediately above the hips and was carried from the field. In this connection it is proper to state that the captain discharged the duty assigned him in an intelligent, brave, and skillful, manner, and while his comrades were bearing him from the field he reprimanded them for leaving their posts to administer to his wants.

In this affair the following additional casualties occurred: Benjamin Bowler, George Butcher, James H. Williamson, William Irwin, Company I, wounded.

In the morning, by order, I fell back to Harris' house. Inasmuch as my command was not assigned a front from the morning of the 10th until the close of the conflict at Resaca on the 17th instant, I am unable to report any facts shedding light upon the occurrences of that conflict, or conducing to the benefit of the public service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. PARRISH,

Colonel, Commanding 130th Regiment Indiana Infty. Vols.]

---------------

* Aggregating 2 men killed and 23 men wounded.

---------------

