HEADQUARTERS 130TH REGIMENT INDIANA INFANTRY,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 13, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following brief summary of the part taken by my command during the present campaign in Georgia, commencing June 24 and ending August 11, 1864:

June 25, by your order, moved in front of works occupied by our forces, near the residence of Charles W. Manning, and by the assistance of a working party from the Ninety-ninth Regiment Ohio Infantry, constructed a new line of works, covering a regimental front, an open field in front; threw out skirmishers or pickets to relieve men on that duty from Second Brigade; occupied the works until June 27, when I was relieved by the Ninety-ninth Regiment Ohio Infantry Volunteers, and by your order moved to the left and front in support of the balance of the brigade, whom I found warmly engaged skirmishing with the enemy; remained in reserve June 28, when I relieved the One hundred and twenty-third Regiment Indiana Infantry on front line; remained there until June 30, when, by your order, left the position and advanced to cross-roads; skirmished with the enemy; threw up works, and remained until the evening of July 4, when, in conjunction with the One hundred and twenty-ninth Regiment Indiana Infantry Volunteers, moved up and filled a gap between the Sixteenth and Twentieth Corps; put up works; threw our skirmishers under fire of musketry and shell from the enemy, and at 9 p. m. moved up and occupied abandoned works of the enemy. July 6, moved to Ruff's Station on railroad; remained there until July 8, when we moved to position on Chattahoochee River; remained until July 11, on which day we crossed the river, took up position, and remained until July 14. Moved to the left one and a half miles; remained in camp in reserve until July 17, 8 a. m., when the command moved in direction of Decatur.

July 18, entered Decatur in rear of brigade. July 20, after moving to the right, and within three miles of Atlanta, by your order, detailed seven companies from my command, under charge of Lieutenant Colonel James R. Bruner, One hundred and thirtieth Indiana Infantry, as skirmishers, who engaged the enemy sharply. Lieutenant William H. Cone, Company B, a brave and gallant officer, received a mortal wound while in the discharge of this duty, and expired the next morning. July 22, took up position in rear line on a ridge beyond a line of outer works evacuated by the enemy. July 23, took up position on front line, supporting Nineteenth Ohio and Twenty-second Indiana Batteries; remained in this position under sharp fire from the enemy until August 1, moved to the rear and right one mile. On the 2nd of August moved to the right about eight miles, and by your order, took up a position on a road running in a south westerly direction. On the evening of the 3rd supported the One hundred and twenty-third Regiment, who were driving in the skirmishers of the enemy near - Mill; threw up breast-works under a heavy fire from the enemy, and remained in that position until the morning of August 6, when I moved to the right, and at 4 p. m., having discovered the enemy in front of us occupying a commanding position, with two pieces of artillery, and two large open fields intervening, by your order, I immediately formed in line of battle, and with the balance of your brigade charged the position. Owing to the nature of the ground, which was quite rough, and the impetuosity of the troops, and the distance to be made over open ground under a galling

