
fire from and left flank, no little confusion ensued in the ranks, yet the men pushed on right gallantly and drove the enemy before us. By your order, I immediately took up position and threw up breast-works, covering the left flank of the brigade. Remained in this position until night-fall, when we retired and moved four miles to the left near our original position left that morning. Since that time my command has remained comparatively inactive, nothing occurring of unusual interest to the service.

I transmit herewith a list of casualties occurring in the command during the period covered by this report. *

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. PARRISH,

Colonel, Commanding 130th Regiment Indiana Infantry Vols.

[Colonel P. T. SWAINE,

Commanding Second Brigade, First Division.]

Numbers 308.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel John E. Cummins, Ninety-ninth Ohio Infantry, of operations June 24-August 12.
HDQRS. NINETY-NINTH Regiment OHIO VOL. INFANTRY,In the Field, July 10, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the present campaign since the 24th day of June:

Since that date the regiment has not been engaged with the enemy.

The regiment in the rear line until the 27th, when it occupied works in very close proximity to the skirmishers of the enemy. Our skirmishers were ordered upon that day to make a demonstration upon the pickets of the rebels, which they did, keeping up a brisk fire during the greater part of the day. Our loss on that day was 2 killed and 4 wounded. We remained in the same position on the 28th, with a loss of 1 killed and 1 wounded. The evening of the 28th the regiment was relieved by the One hundred and thirtieth Indiana, and took position in the rear line.

On the 1st day of July the regiment moved with the entire brigade to the extreme right of the army, where our lines were advanced several miles. Company A, under the command of Captain Exline, occupied the extreme right of our skirmish line, but without loss. The men worked during that night and the following day building breast-works. On the 4th day of July the regiment again moved forward several miles; being in the rear line, was not under fire, since which time nothing of interest has occurred.

Casualties since June 24. +

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN E. CUMMINS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Ninety-ninth Regiment Ohio Vol. Infty.

Colonel P. T. SWAINE,

Commanding Second Brigadier, First Div., 23rd Army Corps.

---------------

* Aggregating 7 men killed and 4 officers and 44 men wounded; total, 55.

+ Nominal list (omitted) shows 3 men killed and 5 men wounded.

---------------

