HDQRS. NINETY-NINTH Regiment OHIO VOL. INFANTRY,Before Atlanta, Ga., July 30, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Ninety-ninth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the present campaign since the 7th instant:

On that day the regiment was camped at Ruff's Station on the railroad. Marched on the 8th to the Chattahoochee River, near Isham's Ferry, where it camped with the rest of the brigade until the 11th, when we crossed the river, camping on this side until the 19th, when the brigade marched to Decatur. The Ninety-ninth Regiment was in advance on that day, and after crossing Peach Tree Creek soon encountered a strong cavalry force of the enemy. Four companies were soon deployed as skirmishers, and shortly afterward the whole regiment was deployed, and moved forward (supported by several companies of the One hundred and twenty-third Indiana) and skirmished constantly with the enemy until we came within a few hundred yards of Decatur, when the regiment being out of ammunition, was relieved by the One hundred and twenty-ninth Indiana Volunteer Infantry.

The casualties of the regiment on that day were as follows.*

On the 20th the regiment moved with the rest of the brigade to within three miles of Atlanta, where the enemy was found in force in our immediate front. On the 22nd instant, the enemy having evacuated their works in our immediate front, the regiment moved to its present position, where it has furnished its regular details for the picket-line, where they are constantly skirmishing with the enemy, but so far without any loss to the regiment.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN E. CUMMINS,

Lieutenant Colonel Commanding Ninety-ninth Regiment Ohio Vol. Infty.

Colonel P. T. SWAINE,

Commanding Second Brigadier, First Div., 23rd Army Corps.
HDQRS. NINETY-NINTH Regiment OHIO VOL. INFANTRY,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 12, 1864.

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Ninety-ninth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry in this campaign since the 31st day of July, 1864:

On the morning of August 1 the regiment moved from near the extreme left of the army toward the right. Nothing of interest transpired until the 3d, when, together with the rest of the brigade, the regiment moved across-Creek in the face of the enemy, driving the enemy's skirmishers from a prominent hill, which was immediately fortified, where the regiment lay until the 6th instant under a very heavy fire, frequently from the enemy's batteries, the regiment losing 2 enlisted men killed; also 1 officer, Lieutenant Zay, of Company D, was wounded on the skirmish line. On the 6th the regiment again moved with the brigade to the extreme right of the army, where we became engaged with the enemy, driving them half a mile, and holding the position until ordered to retire. The loss of the regiment on that day was 1 killed and 4 wounded. From that date the regiment has not been engaged with the enemy, but has

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 8 men wounded.

---------------

