
been almost constantly engaged in building fortifications. The extreme exposure and constant working is telling badly on the health and vigor of the men of the regiment.

The following is a list of the casualties.*

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN E. CUMMINS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Ninety-ninth Regiment Ohio Vol. Infty.

Colonel P. T. SWAINE,

Commanding Second Brigadier First. Div., 23rd Army Corps.

Numbers 309.

Report of Brigadier General Milo S. Hascall, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Decatur, Ga., September 10, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this division from the time it left Mossy Cree, East Tennessee, to the time of its arrival here, on the 7th instant. This will be no easy task for me, as you are aware that Brigadier-General Judah commanded the division till after the battle of Resaca, but on account of his absence I have to make the report.

Since the 18th of May, the time I was assigned the command, the division has been so frequently reorganized, added to, and subtracted from; the brigade and regimental commanders have been so frequently changed on account of sickness, casualties, and changes made necessary by the inefficiency of officers, that it renders it particularly difficult at this late day to make a strictly accurate report, on account of the trouble in procuring the necessary subordinate reports from the offices who had the command at the time. The report, however, will be found to be substantially correct, and knowing the circumstances as you do, you will be prepared to make all necessary allowances.

For the operations of the division during the time General Judah had commanded (up to the 18th of May), I respectfully refer you to my own brigade report for the Second Brigade, with accompanying regimental reports, and to the regimental reports of the First Brigade, commanded by General McLean, during the same time. I have been unable to obtain reports from General McLean during any portion of the time he was with the division, on account of his absence, and have had to rely solely on the regimental reports. These reports, however, will be found to give a very complete account of the operations of the division up to May 18, and I will commence my division report from that time, making it as brief as possible. On the 18th, of May, in accordance with orders from the major-general commanding the corps, I took command of the Second Division. On the morning of the 19th, agreeable to orders, my command moved from Cedar Springs to Casville, near which place we encamped for the night. The following day, the 20th, the march was resumed, and during the day moved into position supporting General Cox, who was then moving on toward the Etowah River.

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 3 men killed and 1 officer and 6 men wounded.

---------------

