
Moving forward we reached Cartesville, and afterward, the same evening, moved back near by into camp for the night. Here we remained during the 21st and 22d, recruiting the command, and, according to instructions, refitting and supplying it for a twenty days' campaign. At daylight of the 23rd we moved off toward Etowah Cliffs, camping for the night near the river.

Early on the morning of the 24th crossed near Milam's Bridge, on the pontoon bridge laid by Colonel Buell, and, as directed, pressed forward over Richmond Creek, encountering slight resistance from cavalry, and took position beyond Mr. Rowland's house to cover the road to Burnt Hickory and protect the moving trains. Remained in this position until the following day, 25th, when we moved through Burnt Hickory. Nearing Pumpkin Vine Creek, was ordered to press forward to the support of General Hooker, who was briskly engaged. The Fourth Army Corps, however, was moving on the road, and for the night remained in camp on the north or west side.

At 2 a. m. on the morning of the 26th, in accordance with orders received an hour previous, my command was moved over the creek and on to the support of General Howard. The division was formed in order of battle, and through interminable forests we moved, endeavoring to reach the left of General Howard's corps, which object was finally attained, and I was placed in position on the left of the Third Division. The First Brigade, General McLean, was sent forward to develop the strength and position of the enemy, which, being accomplished, he was ordered back to the command.

On the 27th General McLean was ordered from my command to report to General Howard, who, with General Wood's division, of his own and General Johnson's division, of General Palmer's corps, was moving to the left. General McLean was ordered back the same evening. At 1 o'clock on the morning of the 28th an attack was made on the lines of the Second Brigade (Colonel Bond commanding) by a heavy skirmish line. Their advance was promptly checked, and they were quickly, driven back with considerable loss.

On the 29th General McLean's division brigade was relieved by the Second Brigade, of the First Division, and ordered to Burnt Hickory to guard trains. On the same day Colonel S. A. Strickland (Fiftieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry), commanding a brigade, consisting of the Fiftieth Ohio, Fourteenth, Twentieth, and Twenty-seventh Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, was temporarily assigned to my division. During the 30th we remained in position. On the 31st a spirited attack was made on my lines, but repulsed with heavy loss to the enemy.

Twenty dead were found in our front after they were driven back, and others could be seen that we could not reach.

On the 1st of June the division was relieved by General Davis's division of the Fourteenth Army Corps. The command withdrew, and encamped during the night immediately in rear of the former position; rations were issued. On the 2nd moved in rear of the left of the army to the extreme left flank; pressed forward through a heavy storm, crossed a valley, and, in conjunction with the Third Division, drove the enemy from a line of works near what is known as the Foster house, near the junction of the Burnt Hickory and Marietta road with the Dallas and Acworth road. The resistance made by the enemy at this point was stubborn, considering the numbers engaged, and, as was afterward proven, was cavalry of Armstrong's division, holding the extreme right of the rebel army.

