
First Georgia gave themselves up, or were captured, on the skirmish line. During the night of the 16th the enemy evacuated his works.

On the morning of the 17th, at an early hour, the troops had possession of their works. Passing to the right, I formed my command on Lost Mountain, the brigades of Colonel Bond and Colonel McQuiston in the line, Colonel Cooper and Colonel Strickland and reserve. Moving forward, proceeded by a strong line, the enemy's cavalry were driven back in confusion, and at one time their battery was within a few yards of my skirmish line. They failed to capture it, however. About noon I was halted near the Dallas and Marietta road, but toward night advanced to position on right of General Cox, my right near Mud Creek.

On the 18th, a heavy rain falling nothing was done. The morning of the 19th disclosed the fact that the enemy had retreated the night before, and, in obedience to instructions, I crossed Mud Creek, which was much swollen. The men waded though the water breast deep, but, as usual, doing it cheerfully. Pushing forward, I was placed in position near the right of General Hooker, my line conforming to Noyes' Creek. At this time the Forty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry was transferred from my division to the Fourth Corps, and the Ninety-ninth Ohio from that corps to my division, and attached to the brigade of Colonel McQuiston, which gave Colonel Swaine command of the brigade. During the 20th and 21st it rained almost incessantly and nothing was done. On the 23rd my command was in motion. Crossed Noyes' Creek and, leaving General Cox on the Sandtown road to my right, moved down on a road to the left to the Powder Springs and Marietta road, near Kolb's school-house, where I went into position on the right of General Hooker, covering the two roads. My skirmish line, supported by the Fourteenth Kentucky, Colonel Gallup, was ordered forward to gain and hold a ridge that was desired for a new position. The brigades commanded by Colonels Strickland, McQuiston, and Hobson were put in position, and at once began throwing up works. Colonel Gallup, in the mean time, advancing promptly, captured a number of prisoners, who reported a rebel corps as having just come from the right and as preparing to attack us. Having gained the ridge, he built a light barricade, when the enemy in force (portions of Stevenson's division) advanced and attempted to drive him back. Three times they advanced, and at each advance strengthening their lines, but each time they were repulsed. I had ordered Colonel Gallup to retire to the main with his regiment if he was hard pressed, but he remained in his position, until finding the attack a determined one, I ordered him peremptorily to fall back to the main line. The works were but partially constructed. Captain Shields and Captain Paddock were placed in position, and every one prepared for a stubborn resistance. The regiment came back slowly and in good order.

When they had reached the works the artillery opened their fire, and in a short the woods and ridge in our front was cleared of the enemy, the shell and case-shot sweeping every one from the front.

The infantry, though, became sharply engaged before the enemy retired. The enemy carried off his wounded, and, it may be, some of his dead. In front of the line defended by Colonel Gallup 57 dead rebels were found. The cross-fire from General Hooker's and from my batteries proved very destructive, as was afterward shown.

On the 23d, in conjunction with General Hooker's troops, I moved forward and occupied the ridge fought for the day before. I remained in this position during the 24th and 25th, nothing but the

