
killed; Captain Sefra T. Ketrer and Adjt. Luther R. Witman, mortally wounded; Captain William H. Stolzenbach lost his right hand; Lieutenants Robert Young and David C. Shelheimer (who was temporarily serving on General Knipe's staff were severely wounded. Enlisted men-killed, 22;wounded, 83; missing, 1. A large lot of arms were collected and placed in a common pile. The men exhausted all the ammunition they carried and were furnished with more during the engagement. I might here state that from the 13th day of May until the 26th of August the regiment was constantly either under artillery or infantry fire from the enemy, and that, in addition to the losses in regular fights, we lost in skirmish and other duty 4 men killed and 38 wounded. On the morning of the 22nd we moved toward the city of Atlanta, taking the position indicated by General Knipe near the Marietta road; built very substantial works, the same that we occupied during our entire stay in front of that doomed city. Beyond the loss of 2 men mortally and 7 severely wounded while on picket and behind the works, nothing of moment occurred while we held that position. During the night of the 26th of August we evacuated our works in front of Atlanta and moved to the south bank of the Chattahoochee River near the railroad bridge, where we were pleasantly and comfortably encamped until the 2nd of September, when we marched with the brigade into the city of Atlanta. While it would occupy too much time and space to particularize acts of bravery and daring, I cannot, among all who have nobly performed their duty, pass the major and lamented adjutant of my regiment without a word. Major Patrick Griffith was ever at his post, was prompt in obeying orders, and everywhere displayed coolness and bravery that makes the true solider. Adjt. Luther R. Witman, modest, brave, and patriotic, was ever near me, anxious to do his full share of the work before us.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. L. SELFRIDGE,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain D. W. PALMER,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, First Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 186.

Report of Brigadier General Thomas H. Ruger, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG, FIRST DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,Atlanta, Ga., September 11, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to forward a report operations and of part taken by the Second Brigade, First Division, Twentieth Army Corps, in the campaign for the capture of Atlanta.

This brigade, consisting of the Twenty-seventh Indiana Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Silas Colgrove; Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Ezra A. Carman; One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteer Infantry, Colonel John H. Ketcham; Third Wisconsin Veteran Volunteer Infantry, Colonel William Hawley; One hundred and seventh New York Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Nirom M. Crane, and Second Massachusetts Veteran Volunteer Infantry [Colonel william Cogswell], was, during the winter of 1863 and 1864, stationed

