
usual skirmishing occurring. On the afternoon of the 23th moved two pieces of artillery to my right in accordance with instructions to make a diversion in favor of General Cox, who was then attempting to cross Olley's Creek. On the 27th, at 6 a. m., in accordance with orders, and in aid of the assault to be made farther to the left at 10 a. m., I ordered Captain Shields to open a brisk fire with his batteries, in position about 500 yards from the enemy's works, continuing it at intervals during the day. My skirmish line was advanced repeatedly with the same object in view, each time driving the enemy into his works, and at one time were actually on the works. In these demonstration my losses were heavy, and especially in officers. The total losses in this day's operations were about 100, including several valuable officers.

On the 28th and 29th no change in position was made, and nothing but the usual skirmishing occurred, in which, however, owing to our close proximity to the enemy's works, my losses were quite severe. On the night of the 30th I was relieved by General Geary's division of the Twentieth Army Corps. About 3 a. m. of the 1st of July the last regiment was relieved, and from that hour until 6 o'clock the command rested. At that hour we moved past General Cox's position on the right, on what was known as the Old Tennessee road. Colonel Cooper, with his brigade, was placed in line immediately beyond the works of General Cox's division, and, preceded by a strong line of skirmishers, began the advance, which, from the moment we passed beyond General Cox's skirmish line, was stubbornly contested. The force to me was Jackson's division of cavalry, supported by two brigades of infantry. They were driven from their different positions by repeated charges of the skirmish line, properly re-enforced. Near Wade's house a stubborn resistance was made, and to assist the skirmish line, Captain Denning, who, with his battery, had reported to me for duty only the day before, was brought forward with a section of his battery (Twenty-second Indiana.) The enemy's battery, which had greatly annoyed us in our advance, was discovered in position near by, and with creditable precision and rapidity of firing, was promptly silenced. At this point, and just as the section had done its work, Captain Denning, while moving his guns forward to a new position, was struck in the side by a bullet and fell mortally wounded near where I stood. His battery having been stationed in Kentucky, had never before been under fire, and he had that morning requested of Captain Shield the privilege of taking the advance. Manifesting great interest and pride in the efficiency and condition of his battery, he displayed the qualities of a line officer. He lingered two days before dying, perfectly conscious of his hopeless condition, manifesting all the while the most magnificent heroism. Near the close of the day, the desired position at Moss' house was gained after very severe fighting, and the division place in position, the right covering the Old Tennessee road, the left the Marietta road, the center resting on the Ruff's Station road. The position was strongly fortified during the night. Gaining this important position, threatening as it did the line of retreat and communications of the enemy, compelled him to abandon his strong line at Kenesaw and Marietta.

Far to the north, at least nine miles distant, Kenesaw Mountain could be seen. The day was unusually warm and sultry, the troops were without rations, and, as a consequence, greatly reduced in strength. In addition to the losses in killed and wounded, many

