
When within two and a half miles of the city the Second Brigade, Colonel Hobson, was placed in position on the right of General Cox, and, with General Stanley's division of the Fourth Army Corps, gained possession of an important ridge close upon the enemy's line of works. While in this position, during the night of the 20th, Colonel Hobson was attacked by a strong force of the enemy, but succeeded in repulsing them, it is believed with heavy loss. Colonel Hobson filling the gap between General Cox and General Stanley, with the remainder of my command I passed by General Cox, and forming on his left, moved forward on the Atlanta road.

Colonel Cooper with his brigade moved promptly forward, and although exposed to a fire the enemy in every direction, drove them in confusion before him, and, by a spirited dash, captured 2 lieutenants and 36 men in their pits. Colonel Strickland was placed in position, connecting his right with General Cox's left. Colonel Swaine moved to the left, and was to have felt for and drove back the enemy's right. Batteries were placed in position, but before the movements was fairly inaugurated night set in. During the day 45 prisoners were captured. On the 21st a junction was effected with the forces from the Army of the Tennessee on my left, and a fire kept up from my skirmishers and artillery. Early on the morning of the 22nd (1 a. m.) the skirmishers in my front reported the enemy as having evacuated. The reports was forwarded, and I was ordered to move forward on a reconnaissance soon after daylight.

My command was moving at the hour, and soon developed the enemy in strong force within their works immediately about the city of Atlanta, and my troops were the first to drive them into their main line about the city. Batteries were ordered to be established as soon as possible, to begin the shelling of the city.

The command was put in position on the ridge confronting the enemy's forts and works. While building the works for the batteries the troops were subjected to a fearful fire from the enemy's artillery. During the attack on General McPherson's army a vigorous firing was kept up, and at intervals was continued through the day. Late in the day, as the attack on the right of the Fifteenth Army Corps was being made, Colonel Hobson's brigade, that had been in reserve, was placed in position, covering the road near the Howard house, and in a short time was so strongly fortified as to hold the road beyond a doubt. On a ridge, running toward the enemy's works. I found a position for a battery that would completely enfilade the enemy's lines as they advanced to attack. General Woods ordering up Captain Cotterill's [?] Fourth Ohio Battery and a support of one regiment (Thirteenth Kentucky), they were placed in position on the extreme point of the ridge, and from personal observation I can attest that they played an important part in beating the enemy back. The attack on the left having ended, a force was moved forward on my immediate front to attack me, but was promptly repulsed, the attack not being persisted in as had been done on the left. The troops remained in the position for the night.

On the 23rd from each of my batteries one shot every fifteen minutes was fired into the city. At intervals, the firing from the batteries and skirmish pits was continued during the days following. On the 26th a line running back from the Howard house, protecting the flank, was completed, in anticipation of the withdrawn of the Army of the Tennessee. During the night that part of the grand army withdrew, and my line was changed, conforming to the new line of

