
works. Colonel Cooper, commanding First Brigade, was, on my recommendation, promoted to be brigadier-general, a richly-earned promotion.

On the evening of the 1st of August I was relieved by a portion of the Fourth Army Corps, General Kimball's brigade and part of Colonel Grose's division. Moving in rear of the army, I encamped for the night near the left. On the morning of the 2nd the march was resumed, following in rear of General Cox's division. Reaching the extreme right flank of the army, I was ordered into position on the right of General Cox, protecting his flank. On the 3rd I was ordered to move my command over Utoy Creek and gain, if possible, possession of a ridge or hill, near what thought to be their left flank.

Colonel Hobson with his brigade took the advance, and, forming immediately beyond General Cox's works, moved forward with a heavy skirmish line. The creek after some trouble, was crossed, and, supported by the brigade, the skirmishers charged up the hill, and soon gained the high commanding point of the ridge. Colonel Swaine, following close after, was placed in position on the left, Colonel Strickland filling the gap between the two. General Cooper with his brigade was moved up the main road, and the three commanders advancing rapidly together, captured the entire skirmish line of the enemy-43 officers and men. The line was being thrown up on the ridge by the enemy's skirmishers, when a terrific fire a shot and shell from the enemy's batteries, completely enfilading the line, was opened on them, inflicting a severe loss. Under cover of the darkness, however, the works were finished. General Baird with his division, from the Fourteenth Army Corps, took position on my right. On the 4th a demonstration was kept up along the lines as a diversion in favor of General Cox and such portions of the Fourteenth Army Corps as were operating on the right.

On the 6th my command was relieved by General Johnson's division, of the Fourteenth Army Corps, and I was ordered to the right as a support to General Cox. Soon after reaching the right, on the Lick Skillet road, I was ordered to send a force to attempt the capture of a battery that enfiladed General Cox's lines as they advanced. Colonel Hobson was sent to the extreme right, out found works confronting him. Making a careful reconnaissance in person, I found their cavalry on their extreme left with a battery of artillery, and determined to move a force way to the right and attempt to drive back their flank, and, if possible, capture the battery. General Cooper, with his own and Colonel Swaine's brigades, was ordered to execute the plan. Moving through woods over and beyond the Sandtown road, he was enabled to form his command and being the movement before he was discovered. He pressed forward vigorously, and succeeded in driving the enemy back into their works behind their flank, and very nearly in getting possession of the battery. In the mean time I had ordered Colonel Strickland forward, and, with Colonel Hobson, held the gap between General Cooper and General Cox's lines. Finding the day too far gone to improve

the advantages gained by General Cooper, he was withdrawn, and a line, the right resting near the Sandtown road, the left near General Cox's command, was fortified for the night. During the night the enemy retired, and on the morning of the 7th were pursued and driven into their main line of works. Moving up the Sandtown road, the ground over which General Cox's command fought the day before was gained, and his dead found still unburied. General

