
Cox and the lines of the Fourteenth Army Corps advancing, reached the Sandtown road, and I was ordered still farther to the right. On the 8th I advanced still farther, gaining a commanding position in view of an extended valley, Colonel Strickland on the ridge near the Campbellton road. On the 9th General Cooper and Colonel Hobson, in conjunction with Colonel Strickland, advanced over the valley into position on the Campbellton road, with the left of the line resting on the open valley, which was commanded by a battery of artillery. On the 16th and 17th a new line of works, in anticipation of a flank movement of the whole army, was built. On the 19th and 20th, in accordance with instructions, with General Cooper's and Colonel Bond's brigades. I supported General Cox in his reconnaissance to the Newman road. The days following were passed without any operations on my front. On the 28th I was ordered to withdraw from my position on the Campbellton road and move to Mount Gilead Church, where I occupied the works built by the Fourth Army Corps. On the following day, the 29th, I crossed Camp Creek, joined with General Cox on my right, left resting near the creek. On the 30th I was ordered to move in rear of General Cox. Crossed the West Point railroad near Red Oak, going into position on the right of General Cox near the East Point road. On the 31st moved out and went into position covering that road, while General Cox passed on toward the left of the Fourth Army Corps. My division, in accordance with orders, was massed near the East Point road, from which position I moved near Rough and Ready Station, holding the road from East Point while General Cox moved on to the railroad.

On the 1st of September I moved by way of Morrow's Mill to the railroad, thence down the road, completing the destruction to the position in front of Jonesborough. In attempting to move into position on the left of the Fourth Army Corps, to participate in the advance, I encountered an extensive swamp, which, owing to the lateness of the hour, prevented any further movement. That night the enemy retreated, and on the morning of the 2d, by a circuitous march, keeping to the left of the railroad the position on the left of the Fourth Army Corps, in front of the rebel army, about Lovejoy's Station. The Fourth Army Corps was just advancing, and, forming my command, I moved into position on the left of General Kimballs' division, but too late to take part in the advance, which had already ended. During this movement on Kimball's left we were subjected to a severe shelling, and Captain Gallup, inspector-general of Second Brigade, one of my best officers, was mortally wounded. The troops fortified the line for the night. On the 3rd changed my position, so as to cover the flank of the army, and built a strong line of works. In this position I remained until 8 p. m. on the night of the 5th, when the command was withdrawn, moving back through General Cox's position. The pickets, under charge of proper officers, were left until 12 o'clock, when they were withdrawn without attracting any attention. After a tedious nights' march, owing to the delays caused by the trains that had been sent on ahead, we reached the position formerly taken, in front of Jonesborough, at daylight on the morning of the 6th. At 10 o'clock on the morning of the 7th in the direction of Decatur, camping for the night some distance to the right of Rough and Ready. On the 8th the march was removed, and the command reached this place about 12 m.

