
ions equally worthily of honorable mention, such as Colonel George W. Gallup, Fourteenth Kentucky; Lieutenant Colonel George R. Elsnter, Fiftieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, who was killed while gallantly leading his regiment; Colonel Zollinger, One hundred and twenty-ninth Indiana; Lieutenant-Colonel Sherwood, One hundred and eleventh Ohio; Lieutenant-Colonel Walters, One hundred and twenty-third Indiana; Major J. P. Duncan, Thirteenth Kentucky, and numerous others, but I leave this pleasant duty to their more immediate commanders. The whole division, both officers and men, with very few exceptions, have done their whole duty faithfully and manfully and richly deserve the thanks and lasting gratitude of the great nation they are struggling so hard to maintain.

The batteries of the division, under Captains Shields, Paddock, and the lamented Denning (of the Twenty-second Indiana Battery, killed in action the next day after joining us), are entitled to peculiar credit for the very important part they have taken in the campaign. Two or three of Captain Paddock's guns have been absolutely worn out by constant firing. The officers and men of the batteries have all performed their duty nobly and deserve well of their county. My thanks are especially due to Captain Shields, chief of artillery, who was charged with the general management of the batteries.

To the officers of my staff, Captain Edmund R. Kerstetter, assistant adjutant-general; Cap. George H. Kennedy, Sixty-fifth Illinois, assistant inspector-general; Captain James A. Lee, Sixteenth Kentucky, commissary of musters; Captain Benjamin F. Briscoe, Twenty-third Michigan, topographical engineer; Captain H. M. Spain, Eightieth Indiana, provost-marshal; Captain George C. Winslow, assistant quartermaster of volunteers, quartermaster Captain Fred. W. Clemons commissary of subsistence of volunteers, commissary of subsistence; Surg. J. W. Lawton, surgeon U. S. Volunteers, surgeon in chief; Lieutenant A. F. Ricks, One hundred and fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Norman Waite, One hundredth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, aide-de-camp; Captain John W. Smith, One hundred and eleventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and Lieutenant G. A. Lyon, Twenty-third Michigan, who were for a time acting inspector general and quartermaster, my thanks are especially due. Without their efficient and timely aid and co-operation, I should have been unable to conduct the operations of the division. My escort also, under Sergeant Abbott and Corporal Weiser, of the Forty-fifth Ohio, have been very faithful and efficient. All of my staff and escort have on all proper occasions freely exposed themselves to the enemy's fire, and all except Sergeant Abbott, of the escort, who was severely wounded in the elbow, have been so fortunate as to pass through entirely unscathed. I desire to particularly acknowledge the very valuable services of Dr. Lawton, chief surgeon, and all the medical officers of the division; by their extraordinary exertions and care the sick and wounded of the division have received the very best attention that was possible under the circumstances.

I desire to call particular attention to the merits of Captain Kerstter, my adjutant-general; he has now served over two years as captain and assistant adjutant-general of volunteers; his great usefulness outside the particular duties of his office richly entitle him to further promotion.

