
For myself I have reason to be peculiarly thankful, as notwithstanding my health is never robust I have not been off duty a day during the campaign, and although most of the time under the enemy's musketry and artillery fire, have escaped without a scratch.

For being thus favored both myself and staff are duly thankful.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

MILO S. HASCALL.

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding Division.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twenty-third Army Corps.

ADDENDA.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2nd DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS, Numbers 8. Decatur, Ga., September 9, 1864.

The general commanding the division deems this a proper time to return his thanks to his troops for the admirable manner in which they have reported themselves during the arduous campaign which has just resulted in the captured of Atlanta. Your noble dead are strewn all the way from Rocky Face Ridge to Lovejoy's Station (the most southerly point our armies have reached) and yet you have never failed to go forward with alacrity at the word of command. Losing one-third of your entire number in fifteen minutes in the desperate attempt to storm the enemy's strongly fortified position at Resaca in the outset of the campaign, your have borne a most important part in every subsequently movement in our progress. For the great sacrifices you have sustained, you can point with just pride to many substantial results which you have achieved -among them may be mentioned turning the enemy's left at Moss' house near Ruff's Station, thus compelling him to abandon Kenesaw Mountain and Marietta; the passage of Utoy Creek in the face of the enemy, capturing his entire skirmish line in their pits, and holding the position during the most furious shelling imaginable, till other portions of the army had crossed; the taking of Decatur and destruction of the railroad at that point; the driving of the enemy into his main works at Atlanta; establishing the first batteries around the city and throwing the first shells into it, as being operations to the credit of which you are particularly entitled. These are some of the substantial results you have accomplished, and the long lists of prisoners you have taken, probably equal to your entire losses, to say nothing of the great losses you have inflicted upon the enemy in killed and wounded, tells how terrible has been the punishment you have returned for that received. Comrades, you have established for the Second Division a reputation which will make you honored and respected whenever bravery is appreciated or patriotism and loyalty admired. For all these things the general commanding desires in the name of your country, in the name of liberty, to thank you.

By command of Brigadier-General Hascall:

E. R. KERSTETTER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General of Volunteers.

37 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT II

