
for the protection of that portion of the railroad between Nashville and Chattanooga, from Christiana to Elk River bridge, inclusive. The brigade was concentrated at Tullahoma, Tenn., April 27, with the exception of the Third Wisconsin Volunteers, stationed at Fayetteville, Lincoln County, Tenn., and the One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers, which had been ordered to move to Shelbyville, Tenn., and escort from that place to the command a wagon train sent to Nashville for supplies. On the 28th day of April, 1864, the brigade took up its line of march for the main army and the enemy. April 28, it moved to Decherd, Tenn. April 29, from Decherd to University Place, Tenn. April 30, from University Place to Battle Creek (Sweeden's Cove), Teen.

may 1, it marched from Battle Creek via Bridgeport, Ala., to Shellmound, Tenn., at which point the division concentrated. May 2, rom Shellmound, moved with the division to Aetna, Tenn. May 3, from Aetna to east side of Lookout Mountain, and camped in the valley near Chattanooga. May 4, from near Chattanooga, via Rossville, to Lee and Gordon's Mills, Ga. May 5, from Lee and Gordon's Mills to Pleasant Grove Church. May 7, from Pleasant Grove Church, over Taylor's Ridge, to Anderson (Trickum) Post-Office, Ga. May 8, Third Wisconsin Volunteers joined the brigade. May 9, One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers joined the brigade. May 10, marched from Anderson Post-Office to and through Snake Creek Gap. On the 13th day of May the brigade, with the division to which it belongs, moved to the vicinity of Resaca and took position, covering the approach from the direction of Dalton and acted as supporting force during a reconnaissance made by the Fourteenth Corps toward Resaca, from the left. On the 14th day of May the division was massed in support of the Third Division of the corps in line in front of the enemy at Resaca. On the afternoon of the 14th day of May, about 4 o'clock, the brigade with the division moved to the extreme left of the main line to the support of the left of the Fourth Corps, then pressed by the enemy. The arrival of the division was opportune, as the enemy had succeeded in turning the left of the Fourth Corps, throwing back its left brigade in considerable confusion, and were still advancing, and on the point of capturing a battery abandoned by its support when the division came up. The Third Brigade being in advance, quickly repulsed and drove back the force of the enemy which was making for the battery. The Second Brigade being in advance, quickly repulsed and drove back the force of the enemy which was making for the battery. The Second Brigade took position next, on the left of Stanley's division, Fourth Corps, the Third Corps, the Third Brigade on its left, the First Divisions of the Twentieth Corps moved to attack the enemy at a point in front of the left of the position held by the Fourth Corps. At this point an angle existed in the main line of the enemy's intrenchments, his line bearing therefrom to his right and rear. The First Division was to support the Second and Third of the corps. The attack by the Second and Third Divisions was only a partial success. The First Division was then ordered to a position on the left of the other two divisions, covering their left flank. The First Brigade on the right of the division, the Second on its left. The brigade moved about 3 p. m. and was formed in two formed I received orders from Brigadier-General Williams, commanding the division, to move forward across an open ground and occupy the woods beyond, which

