HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 5, 1864.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the First Brigade, of General Hascall's division, while under my command, which was from May 19 to June 4, inclusive:

During that time the First Brigade was not engaged to the extent of a battle, but participated in several quite severe skirmishers, losing upward of 100 men killed and wounded, on the line of operations near Dallas. The service performed by the brigade during this period was of the most meritorious, character, and well calculated, from its nature, to test the courage and endurance of all to the utmost. Having received no reports from the commanders of the different regiments under my command, I can not give the particular portions of service performed by the different regiments, but must for that refer to the reports which I understand, since my departure from the division, have been called for from the regimental commanders.

Very respectfully,

N. C. McLEAN,

Brigadier-General.

Captain E. R. KERSTETTER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, 23rd Army Corps.

Numbers 312.

Reports of Brigadier General, Joseph A. Cooper, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of operations June 6-September 8.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of my brigade since the 6th day of June, 1864, consisting of the following -named regiments, viz: Twenty-fifth Michigan Volunteer Infantry, Sixth East Tennessee Volunteer Infantry, Third East Tennessee Volunteer Infantry, Forty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and Ninety-first Indiana Volunteer Infantry:

My brigade was in line of battle near Allatoona, Ga., and 4 p. m. was relieved by Colonel Strickland's brigade, and fell back one half mile. At night the Third East Tennessee Volunteer Infantry returned, having been sent as wagon guard from Burnt Hickory to Kingston. June 7, 8, and 9, lay in reserve. 10th, broke camp at 6 a. m., advanced three miles to near Lost Mountain, when the enemy in front were found strongly intrenched, forming in two lines, throwing one regiment, Sixth Tennessee Infantry, on the right of Colonel Stricklands' where they remained until dark, and were relieved by Thirteenth Kentucky and returned to brigade. 11th, occupied same position. 12th, near noon moved by left flank 200 yards, putting two regiments in front line of the works previously occupied by the First Tennessee Infantry. 13th and 14th, occupied same position. 15th, occupied same position until 3 p. m. I gave orders to Forty-fifth Ohio and Ninety-first, Indiana Regiments to charge across an open field on the enemy's works, which they did, and gained them without much resistance. I

