
was ordered to make a demonstration in favor of General Butterfield, which I didn't, charging within 150 or 200 yards of the enemy's batteries, delivering a volley, and fell back, and constructed breast-works for the night. 16th, the brigade, with Sixth Tennessee deployed as skirmishers, commanded by Captain Lea, advanced again over the same ground that had the previous evening, charging the enemy, and driving him into his rifle-pits. On the 17th, 18th, and 19th advanced some three miles, driving the enemy. 20th and 21st, occupied same position. 22d, advanced some three miles in a southeasterly direction; formed on the right of the Twentieth Army Corps. Forty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry transferred to the Army of the Cumberland. 23d, took position and threw up works, remaining until June 25. On the night of that day advanced some 200 yards and put up new works. 26th, remained in same position. 27th, were relieved by the Fourth Brigade, fell back, and remained until the evening of the 28th, when we relieved Colonel Hobson on the right of Colonel Swaine in front line. 29th and 30th, remained in same position, occasionally relieving front line, when we were relieved by General Geary's division of the Twentieth Corps.

July 1, advanced brigade to the right three and one-half miles, passing to the right of Third Division, keeping up a heavy skirmish with the enemy during the day, and charging their skirmish line, driving them from their position and taking possession of the cross-road near Nickajack Creek; built new works in a commanding position, remaining until the evening of the 2d, when we were relieved by a brigade of the Fifteenth Corps, commanded by General Lightburn; moved back to the rear and took a position, remaining until the morning of the 6th, when we left camp; moved to Ruff's Station on Western and Atlantic Railroad. 7th remained in same position; on the morning of the 8th we marched to Isham's Ferry, on the Chattahoochee River. 9th, crossed the river and formed in position to support Third Division; two regiments ordered up to support Second Brigade. 10th, remained in same position until noon, when the two remaining regiments moved up, took position, throwing up works. 11th, 12th, and 13th, remained in same position. 14th, moved forward and took position on left of Fourth Corps. 15th and 16th, remained in same position. 17th, moved on the Buck Head road, skirmishing with the enemy and driving them; bivouacked during the night near Buck Head, Ga. On the 18th we again moved forward toward Decatur, marching about eight miles. 19th, our brigade moved forward with the division, driving the enemy beyond Decatur without much resistance. 20th, moved forward on the Atlanta road; sharp skirmishing all day; took position at night in front of the enemy's works. 21st, remained in the same position. 22d, moved forward, taking possession of the enemy's works, which we discovered to be evacuated, moving up and taking position with the rest of the division, throwing up works under heavy fire of the enemy. Here we remained in position until August 1. During the night of that day I quietly withdrew my brigade, with the division, from the left, and next day, the 2d, marched to the extreme right.

On the 3rd advanced my lines, and took up a new position under a severe fire of artillery and musketry. 4th and 5th, remained in same position. 6th, my brigade with the division was relieved by a division of the Fourteenth Corps; the brigade moved to the right about 3 p. m. I was ordered with my brigade to charge a rebel bat-

