
The following is the list of casualties of my brigade during this time:

Command. 	 Killed.	 Wounded. 	 Captured. 	 Total.

25th	 ..	 1	 1	 2

Michigan..

6th East	 1	 ..	 ..	 1

Tennessee.

3rd East	 ..	 2	 ..	 2

Tennessee.

.

99th	 ..	 1	 ..	 1

Ohio..

130th	 ..	 3	 ..	 3

Indiana...

14th	 ..	 6	 ..	 6

Kentucky..

Total...	 1	 13	 1	 15

JOSEPH A. COOPER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain E. R. KERSTETTER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, 23rd Army Corps.

Numbers 133.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Alfred D. Owen, Eightieth Indiana Infantry,

of operations, May 6-23.
HDQRS. EIGHTIETH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Decatur, Ga., September 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my regiment, Eightieth Regiment Indiana Volunteer Infantry, on this campaign, from the 6th day of May, 1864, to May 23, 1864, when I was taken sick, and the command was turned over to Major John W. Tucker:

On the 7th of May, in pursuance with orders, my regiment moved with brigade to within a few miles of Rocky Face Ridge, where we encamped for the night, the regiment being ordered to support the Thirteenth Kentucky Regiment, which guarded the pass between Rocky Face Valley and the valley in which the Twenty-third Army Corps was encamped. Nothing of interest occurred. On the 8th we joined the division, passing through the gap. After arriving in open ground, we were formed in line of battle; in short time we again took up our line of march, and continued it until arriving in sight of Rocky Face Ridge, where each brigade was formed en masse, and an order announced General Grant's success in the Army of the Potomac. The same evening the skirmishers of our division gained Rocky Face Ridge, when my regiment accompanied the brigade to the top, and marched in rear of a brigade of the Fourth Army Corps. Here we encamped for the night, building works to protect our flank.

About 11 a. m. of the 9th instant my regiment marched with the division into the valley southeast of Rocky Face Ridge, where we were formed in two lines of battle, my regiment being on the right of the front line of the First Brigade. Moving forward, the skirmishers were soon engaged; passing over perhaps a mile of ground, my regiment reached the crest of a hill within three-quarters of a mile of the rebel works, when I gave them orders to lie down. Here Sergeant Pancake, Company H, and 3 others were slightly wounded, though none left the field. After remaining on the hill twenty minutes, I moved, in obedience to orders, by the right flank into the

