
woods, and retook my position on the right in the front line of the First Brigade, where we lay on our arms during the night. On the morning of the 10th orders were issued to fall back. This was done in perfect order. Reaching a point on a line with the troops, we went into camp remaining until the 12th of May; moving out at 4 o'clock on that morning with the corps, around Buzzard Roost and Tunnell Hill, and encamping within a few miles of Snake Creek Gap. Resuming the march on May 13, we passed through the gap, and marched in a northwest direction toward the town of Resaca, on the railroad. Marching within four miles of that place, we bivouacked for the night, Company G, Captain Gladish, being detached for picket duty; skirmishing was kept up all night, though resulting in nothing. On May 14 we resumed our march in line of battle in the same direction; after passing over three miles of ground, driving the rebel skirmishers all the way, we were halted, and remained until nearly 1 p. m., when orders were issued to fix bayonets and move forward, my regiment being the center regiment of the front line of the First Brigade. Marching a short distance, we came in sight of the rebel works. Here I received orders to charge them. As the regiment started down the slope the enemy opened with both artillery and musketry, enfilading my line both ways 60 yards from the foot of the hill. Passed over the first ravine, causing a separation at several points in the line, but they pushed forward, joining again as they moved on at this point. My men were falling thick and fast, and reaching another ditch within 90 yards of the enemy's works they were compelled to seek shelter, as it was then nearly certain death either to move forward or back. I went into this fight 270 strong and lost 126; Company G being on the skirmish line it was not in the fight. After dusk my regiment was withdrawn and retook its place in the brigade. In this charge 3 of my best officers were killed, Captain R. J. Showers, Company F; Captain William S. Emery, Company I; and Lieutenant William Archer, Company A; also 6 wounded; this out of 16 officers who went into the fight. We remained in line of battle in sight of the enemy's works until the afternoon of the 15th, when we again took up our line of march with the corps, marching to the left of our lines, where we encamped for the night within one-half mile of the railroad. During the night the enemy evacuated their works, moving south.

On the morning of the 16th of May starting in pursuit crossed the Etowah River and followed them, reaching Cassville, Cass County, Ga., on 19th, where we remained until the 23rd of May, 1864, without anything of interest transpiring, when, being sick, I turned the command of my regiment over to Major John W. Tucker.

List of casualties of the Eightieth Regiment Indiana Volunteer Infantry at the battle of Resaca the 14th of May, 1864: Officers- killed on the field, 1; died of wounds, 2; wounded, 6; total, 9.

Enlisted men -killed on the field, 11; died of wounds, 7; wounded, 101; total, 119. Grand total, 128.

There were several others slightly wounded, but the foregoing are all I can find on the surgeon's books. Will forward list as soon as made out.

Respectfully,

A. D. OWEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

Captain E. R. KERSTETTER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, 23rd Army Corps.

