
Numbers 314.

Report of Colonel John Mehringer, Ninety-first Indiana Infantry, of operations June 2- July 7.
HEADQUARTERS NINETY-FIRST INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, Georgia, July 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: According to instructions from headquarters, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Ninety-first Indiana Volunteers since June 2, 1864:

On the 2nd day of June the regiment left Kingston, Ga., having been assigned to the Provisional Brigade, under command of Colonel Byrd, of the First Tennessee Infantry; marched to Raccoon Creek a distance of thirteen miles; went into camp for the night. On the morning of the 3rd of June resumed our march and arrived at the front at 5 p. m. the same day. On the 4th of June the regiment was assigned to the First Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, commanded by Colonel Cooper, Sixth Tennessee Infantry.

June 5, one company (B) was sent out on skirmish line; Lieutenant-Colonel Butterfield assigned to the command of Forty-fifth Ohio Infantry.

June 6, changed position; went in front of Third Brigade. June 7, received marching orders; moved about two miles west; went into camp and remained until June 10, at which time received orders to march; moved about three miles south; took position and remained until June 15 under fire from the enemy; received orders to advance, crossed an open field, took possession of the enemy's works; afterward made a charge on the enemy, advancing within 150 to 200 yards of the enemy's battery; delivered one volley and retired and threw up works for the night. Had 2 men killed and 6 wounded.

June 16, advanced again over the same ground; 1 man wounded.

On the 17th, 18th, and 19th advanced some three miles, driving the enemy.

June 20, and 21 remained in the rear. June 22, advanced about three miles. June 23, took position and threw up works, and remained until June 25. On the night of the 25th advanced some 200 yards; put up new works. June 26, 1 man wounded. June 27, 3 men wounded. June 28, 1 man wounded. Remained in said works until July 1.

Receipt marching orders July 1, 3, a. m.; moved to extreme right, and, after halting a few minutes, advanced in line of battle, driving the enemy about two miles; went into camp and threw up works for the night. July 2, moved a short distance to the rear; drew new guns and went into camp for the night, where we remained until July 6; received marching orders; moved about four miles to the left.

Total loss, 2 men killed 3, commissioned officers and 23 enlisted men wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN MEHRINGER,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain T. D. EDINGTON,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier 2d. Div., 23 Army Corps.

