
Numbers 315.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles H. Butterfield, Ninety-first Indiana Infantry, of operations June 4-July 31.
HDQRS. NINETY-FIRST INDIANA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Before Atlanta, Ga., July 31, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with instructions from division headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the Ninety-first Indiana Volunteer Infantry:

The regiment was assigned to the First Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, June 4, 1864, and participated in its various movements until June 10, at which time it was put in position in front of the enemy's works, which were situated on Pine Ridge. The regiment remained in this position until the morning of June 15, up to which time to casualties occurred. The enemy having been driven from his works, orders were received to move, and the Ninety-first, in company with the other regiment of the brigade, advanced in line of battle and took possession of the rebel works at 3 p. m. June 15. At 4 p. m. of the same day, in obedience to orders from the brigade commander, the regiment advanced with the brigade a distance of half a mile, driving the enemy and sustaining a loss of 8 men killed and wounded. As this advance was merely a demonstration, the regiment was ordered to fall back to its line of works, where it remained until June 16, when another advance was made over the same ground under a brisk fire from the enemy's skirmishers, a number of whom were killed and taken prisoners in our front. After having advanced half a mile the regiment halted and threw up works, where it remained until the next morning, June 17.

At 8 a. m. June 17 the regiment, in company with the brigade, advanced from there to four miles without any loss, went into position, where it remained until June 19, when it advanced two miles without opposition, went into position, where we remained until June 22, at which time our regiment moved to Powder Springs and Marietta road, where it remained until next day. June 23 engaged in building works in front of the enemy, where we remained until the morning of July 1, during which time the regiment was subject to a heavy fire from the enemy's skirmishers, losing several men, wounded.

July 1, received orders to march the regiment in company with the brigade about four miles to the right, where we encountered the enemy. The brigade having been formed in line of battle -the Ninety-first was in the front line on the right of the Third Tennessee Infantry -and Companies A and F being deployed as skirmishers, we advanced from two to three miles under a brisk fire from the enemy's artillery and musketry. The regiment lost 2 commissioned officers and 8 enlisted men wounded. Went into position and remained until July 2, when it was ordered a short distance to the rear, where we turned over our old guns and drew new ones. Remained in reserve until July 6, when the regiment moved to Ruff's Station on Georgia railroad. From the 6th of July to the 20th the regiment was with the brigade in its various movements from Ruff's Station to the east bank of the Chattahoochee River, during which time no casualties occurred in it. On the 20th, as the brigade was advancing on the Atlanta and Decatur road, Companies A and B

