
skirted the railroad near Green's Station and at some 250 yards distant from the enemy's breast-works. While executing this movement I received orders from Major-General Hooker, commanding the corps, by Lieutenant-Colonel Perkins, his assistant adjutant-general, to advance my left and, if possible, to swing round into position, threatening the enemy's right flank. Soon after taking position in the woods, and while the brigade was executing the movement, my skirmishers became sharply engaged with those of the enemy. It was at the same time reported to me that the enemy was massing on my left. Becoming satisfied that such was the case, I threw back the left of my line, placing two regiment in the second line, on the left of those of the first, extending to and covering a knoll forming the end of the ridge on which the line of the brigade was formed, which knoll was take key of that part of the line. Reporting the state of things to Brigadier-General Williams, commanding the division, he ordered the Third Brigade, Colonel Robinson commanding, to take position on my left and cover the left flank. The line of the brigade was about 400 yards distant from the enemy's line of breast-works, and in the following order of regiments from right to left: Twenty-seventh Indiana Volunteers, Colonel Colgrove; Second Massachusetts Volunteers, Colonel Cogswell; Third Wisconsin Volunteers, Colonel Hawley; Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers, Colonel Carman; One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers, Colonel Ketcham; One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers, Colonel Crane, in reserve. That portion of the position occupied by the Twenty-seventh Indiana Volunteers, Second Massachusetts Volunteers, Third Wisconsin Volunteers, and the right of the Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers was covered with trees and underbrush in front and the ground slightly rising. In front of the center of the Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers was a peach orchard, and beyond that, at some fifty to seventy-five yards, woods, the ground descending rapidly from the peach orchard. In front of the left of the Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers, and of the whole of the position about the knoll, the ground was open and descended rapidly to the plain. The railroad was some 200 or 300 yards in front of the position and afforded by the excavation at that point good cover to the enemy. To the left of the knoll the ground was level and covered with thick woods. The knoll was occupied by a dwelling-house and out-building (Scales' house). Colonels Ketcham and Carman, on the left, were ordered to and constructed temporary breast-works of rails on that part of the line inclosing the knoll. This disposition had hardly been made when the enemy advanced along the whole front. His first line was easily repulsed, when he advanced his second, which fought more obstinately than his first, but gained no advantage and was driven back with comparatively heavy loss. On the right, the Twenty-seventh Indiana Volunteers, Colonel Colgrove, captured the flag and commander of the Thirty-eighth Alabama, and some 30 prisoners. The enemy's heaviest attack was directed against the left for the possession of the knoll, against which he directed three lines. The number of prisoners captured by the brigade was about 60. The enemy in his retreat was pursued by our skirmishers to his intrenchments. The attack was made by Stewart's division, of Hood's corps; and was maintained about one hour and a half. The loss of the brigade was comparatively small, owing in part to the protection offered by the breast-works on the left. The loss of the brigade was 13 killed, 135 wounded, 2 missing; total, 150.

