
were sent out as skirmishers under command of Captain Clark, of Company B, and assisted in driving the enemy, with a loss of 3 men wounded. The companies captured during the afternoon from 15 to 20 prisoners. On the morning of the 22nd the pickets of the Ninety-first in front of the First Brigade took possession of the rebel works in their front without opposition. Immediately after the regiment moved in also.

In the morning, after taking possession of the enemy's works, the regiment with the brigade advanced within sight of Atlanta and threw up works under sharp shelling from the enemy, in or near which position it remained until the 1st day of August, when orders were received to be ready to march at dark; did so and marched about ten miles.

On the 2nd marched with brigade from left to the extreme right and camped for the night. Throwing up temporary works on the 3d, the brigade advanced on the enemy about three-quarters of a mile, Ninety-first in front line, with Twenty-fifth Michigan of the left; took position on crest of a ridge and threw up works under heavy fire of enemy a sharpshooters and artillery, where the regiment remained until the 6th, sustaining a loss of 3 men. On the 6th the regiment moved with the brigade to right of Third Division, and in the afternoon was ordered with the brigade to charge the enemy, who was on the crest of a hill with some artillery. Ninety-first Indiana was in front line, with Twenty-fifth Michigan on the left. The brigade charged and drove the rebels from their position, the Ninety-first Indiana losing 19 men killed and wounded. From that date to the 12th the regiment has been engaged in the various operations of the brigade, building breast-works, and in various duties known to you.

I herewith append a list of casualties.*

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. H. BUTTERFIELD,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Ninety-first Indiana Vol. Infty.

Lieutenant J. S. A. BLANG,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 316.

Report of Colonel Charles S. Parish, One hundred and thirtieth Indiana Infantry, of operations August 12-September 8.
HDQRS. 130TH REGIMENT INDIANA INFANTRY VOLS.,Decatur, Ga., September 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the late campaign, commencing August 12, 1864:

From August 12 to 21 remained in camp on the right center of the brigade, building breast-works and skirmishing with the enemy, who occupied a strong position about one mile to our front. On the 21st moved to the right about three miles in support of the Second Brigade. Returned to camp same evening; did not encounter the enemy. August 22, again moved to the extreme right four miles to - Church in support of cavalry under command of General

---------------

* Aggregating 5 men killed, 8 officers and 48 men wounded, and 1 main missing; total, 762.

---------------

