
Kilpatrick. Returned to original camp came evening without encountering the enemy. Remained in camp until August 28, when I moved with the brigade a distance of six miles, and occupied for the night breast-works already constructed by -. August 29, moved to the left and front three-fourts of a mile with the brigade in support of - cavalry. At 11 a. m. again took up the line of march with the brigade and moved to the right and front toward Montgomery railroad a distance of two miles. August 30, moved with the brigade to the right and front a distance of three miles to the right of the Second Brigade; constructed breast-works. August 31, marched with the brigade to the right and front a distance of - miles, crossing the Montgomery railroad.

September 1, moved to the front, striking the Macon railroad three miles south of Rough and Ready Station about 2 p. m. Heavy firing heard to the south, supposed to be in vicinity of Jonesborough. Moved down the railroad and camped three miles from Jonesborough. September 2, marched with the brigade at 8 a. m. in a southeasterly direction; did not find any enemy except a weak rear guard until about sundown, when we found the enemy in force.

Took up position amid darkness and no little confusion within range of the enemy's guns, both musketry and artillery playing upon us.

September 3, at 1 p. m. moved to the rear and left one-fourth mile and took up position in an open field and constructed breast-works.

Lost 1 man killed and 2 wounded while getting into position. Remained in this position until 8 p. m. September 5, when I marched with the brigade to the rear in direction of Decatur a distance of eight miles, going into camp at daylight on the morning of the 6th; remained in camp that day. September 7, marched slowly to the rear in direction of Decatur, distance twelve miles. September 8, marched seven miles and went into camp in the vicinity of Decatur, where we now remain.

Inclosed you will please find list of casualties occurring in the command during the period covered by this report.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. PARRISH,

Colonel, Commanding 130th Regiment Indiana Vol. Infantry.

Lieutenant J. S. A. BLANG,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 317.

Report of Captain Samuel L. Demorest, Twenty-fifth Michigan Infantry, of operations May 6 - August 12.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIFTH MICHIGAN VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Before Atlanta, Ga., August, 13, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to the instruction of the general commanding the division, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment from May 6 to June 5, during which time our brigade (the First) was commanded by Brigadier General N. C. McLEAN.

Early on the morning of May 7 this division, then commanded by Brigadier General H. M. Judah, left camp near Red Clay, Ga., and marched in the direction of Tunnel Hill, camping for the night

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 killed and 2 wounded.

---------------

