
faction of seeing two of their guns standing idle. We remained in this position until after dark under all the deafening cannonading of that terrible afternoon. The brigade was then quietly withdrawn and sent to the rear for the night. This regiment suffered severely in this charge, losing 9 killed and 36 wounded, and going into the fight with 255 men and officers. Adjutant Prutzman was killed and Captain Lansing and McCreary slightly wounded in the early part of

the charge. It is with pleasure and pride that I have to report that the officers and men of this regiment behaved like veterans - each vying with the other in deeds of valor and courage. The next day the Second Division was held in reserve. During the night of the 15th the enemy evacuated their works and commenced a preoccupied retreat, and the next morning our army pursued. The Twenty-fifth Michigan was identified in all the movements of the First Brigade in the vicinity of the Connesauga, Coosawattee, and Etowah Rivers, which last river we crossed on the 24th instant.

On the 25th our advance came up with the enemy near Pumpkin Vine Creek and a sharp engagement took place.

On the 26th the Twenty-third Army Corps took a position upon the extreme of our lines near Dallas, and sharp skirmishing commenced along the entire line. During the four days following, our brigade was constantly in line and advancing from one position to another. The most lively skirmishing was kept up night and day, and the Twenty-fifth Michigan suffered a loss of 1 killed and 8 wounded. The men became completely worn out with this constant excitement and loss of sleep, and on the 29th, at the urgent request of General McLean, the First Brigade was relieved and sent to the rear to rest.

On the 3rd of June again moved to the front, relieving the Second Brigade. On the 5th instant Brigadier General N. C. McLean was relieved from the command of the First Brigade and Colonel J. A. Cooper assigned to the command.

My thanks are due the officers and men who composed this command for the brave and energetic manner in which they discharged all duties assigned them, and for the cordial support and uniform respect they have shown me upon all occasions.

Accompanying this report I forward a complete list of the casualties of the regiment during the time included in the report.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. L. DEMAREST,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain E. R. KERSTETTER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, 23rd Army Corps.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIFTH MICHIGAN VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 13, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with instructions received from the general commanding the brigade, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment from June 6, 1864, to August 12, 1864:

On the morning of June 6 this regiment, in common with the troops of the Second Division, was in line of battle near Dallas, Ga.,

---------------

* Aggregating 1 officer and 10 men killed and 2 officers and 45 men wounded; total, 58.

---------------

38 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT II

