
with but little indication of an enemy in our immediately front. Early on the morning of the 8th instant our brigade moved to the left and went into camp near New Hope Church. We remained at this point until the 10th, when we again moved forward and came up with the enemy in front of Pine Mountain. We there had considerable heavy skirmishing, and the division finally took up a position directly under the enemy's guns which remained silent, doubtless expecting a charge and not wishing to expose their position until they could fire [with] terrible effect upon us. During the night we threw up heavy breast-works and the batteries belonging to the division were brought into position.

The heavy rains which prevailed for a few days put an end to further operations until the 15th instant. Our batteries then simultaneously opened a heavy fire upon the rebel lines, and with telling effect. After two hours' unceasing cannonading they were discovered to be falling back in considerable disorder. Our skirmishers immediately charged, supported by the division, and carried the works. A large number of prisoners and deserters were captured and some of the enemy's dead were left upon the field. The loss of this regiment was 2 wounded. During the two days following, this regiment was identified in all the movements of the division, which resulted in the evacuation by the enemy of their main defenses near Lost Mountain and hasty retreat across Mud Creek. There was much sharp skirmishing and heavy cannonading upon both sides, but our losses were comparatively light. On the 20th our corps moved across the creek and made an advance of about three miles.

We met with but slight opposition. Again on the 22nd moved forward and took a position upon the right of the Twentieth Corps at Kolb's farm. We had scarcely formed our lines before the enemy came charging forward in heavy lines, evidently with the intention of turning General Hooker's flank, and probably surprised to find the Twenty-third Corps so closely guarding that flank. Our lines met them with a steady fire while our batteries shattered their ranks terribly. After an unsuccessful assault, they retreated in great disorder leaving many of their killed and wounded upon the field. The Twenty-fifth Michigan being in the second line did not actively participate in this engagement. During the six days following we built six successive lines of works, slowly driving the enemy back until we approached within 600 yards of the main line of works defending the flank of Kenesaw Mountain. These movements were always accompanied with heavy firing, and the enemy gave way very stubbornly. More than once showers of bullets were poured into our ranks, but the men always advanced with courage and determination and never giving up ground when it was once occupied.

Early on the morning of July 1 our division was relieve by General Geary's,of the Twentieth Army Corps, and we moved to the extreme right. In front of General Cox's division we were formed in line, and commenced advancing toward the Chattahoochee River.

Fifty men of this regiment were sent out on the skirmish line and soon became warmly engaged, but gradually drove the enemy back.

The rebels brought a battery to bear upon our lines, and after throwing a few shells would draw back to a new position. The day was extremely warm and sultry, and many oh the men fell down completely exhausted beneath the fierce rays of the sun. In this way we advanced about three miles, and at 4 p. m. took up a very

