
important position near the cross-roads in front of Nickajack Creek. So hold had been our movements and so far had we penetrated to the rear of Kenesaw Mountain, that this move undoubtedly had considerable to do with the evacuation of that place a day or two after. As our position was one of great importance to hold, orders were given to immediately throw up strong earth-works. The rebel sharpshooters occupied a ridge in our front, within easy rifle range, and greatly annoyed our men, severely wounding a number. It was decided that they must be driven away and the ridge occupied by our skirmishers. For this purpose this regiment was ordered to charge them. Although the men were greatly fatigued, they fell in rapidly when the order was given, and with a shout rushed forward. Volley after volley greeted us, but not a man wavered. In less than an hours we held the ridge and had driven the enemy into his works across the Nickajack Creek. We were then relieved, and, going back, worked until 3 o'clock that night upon our trenches. In this day's engagement the Twenty-fifth Michigan had 7 men wounded. On the morning of the 2nd our division was relieved and sent half a mile to the rear to rest. On the 6th instant the Twenty-third Corps marched to the left, crossing the railroad at Smyrna Station. This regiment took active part in the operations at the crossing of the Chattahoochee River on the 8th and 9th instant, and during the few days following built several lines of works. On the 18th again moved forward, and in the afternoon of the next day occupied Decatur; met but slight opposition. On the 20th we changed direction and moved toward Atlanta; sharp skirmishing all day, and toward evening we came in sight of a line of rebel works two and a half miles from the city. That night advanced within 400 yards and built a line of works. The next day we remained quiet, waiting for the flanks of our army to advance.

At daylight on the morning of the 22nd the works in our front were discovered to be evacuated, and our lines immediately occupied them. At 8 a. m. moved forward, and after an advance of a mile came in sight of the main line of defenses of the city. The rebels immediately opened upon us with their batteries, but notwithstanding the fire, our lines were firmly established and heavy works thrown up. Seven companies of the Twenty-fifth Michigan were sent out on the skirmish line. We remained in this position several days, during which time there was much heavy cannonading on both sides, and the men were obliged to keep close to their works.

During the night of August 1 our corps was quietly withdrawn from the left and the next day marched to the extreme right. On the 3rd instant we advanced our lines and took up a new position under a severe fire of artillery and musketry. In this engagement a large number of prisoners were captured. Early in the morning of the 6th instant the Second Division was relieved by a division of the Fourteenth Corps, and we again moved to the right. About 3 p. m. a rebel battery was discovered in our front, apparently supported by dismounted cavalry behind temporary works. The First and Fourth Brigades were ordered to charge, and were quickly formed for that purpose. As soon as we came in sight of the battery the men charged with a loud defiant shout. A steady fire was showered upon us, but our boys pressed forward with courage and determination. The battery was hastily drawn off, and the enemy fell back in disorder. The loss of this regiment was 2 killed and 12 wounded.

