
We held our position till dark, and then fell back half a mile to connect with the troops on our left. During the four days following we pushed our lines forward, driving the enemy back, and on the 10th instant took a position upon the south side of Utoy Creek, where we have remained since. During these operations this regiment has built twenty-seven lines of strong earth-works, and driven the enemy whenever we met them. The regiment has suffered severely in proportion to its numbers, and there is only a little band remaining for duty - 6 commissioned officers and less than 160 enlisted men. It would be doing injustice to the brave officers and men who compose this little band did I close this report without uttering one word in recognition of their bravery, daring, and endurance, as exhibited during the late campaign.

Where so many instances of individual heroism occurred it is impossible to particularize. The desire to discharge all duties in a faithful a patriotic manner seemed universal throughout the command. I can only return my thanks to the company commanders and the men under them, for their promptness and energy in carrying out all of my orders. My thanks are also due to Adjutant Woodruff for his cheerful and ready assistance upon all occasions.

Accompanying this report I forward a complete list of the casualties of the regiment during the time included in the report.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. L. DEMAREST,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. S. A. BLANG,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 23rd Army Corps.

Numbers 318.

Report of Captain Edwin Childs, Twenty-fifth Michigan Infantry, of operations August 12 - September 8.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIFTH MICHIGAN VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Decatur, Ga., September 8, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with instructions, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment since the 12th day of August, 1864. At that time we were encamped upon the south side of Utoy Creek, our bridge occupying a position upon the flank of the army.

On the 19th our division made a reconnaissance to the right, three or four miles, but discovered nothing of an enemy. The following day again marched to the right to support the Fourteenth Army Corps while they made a raid on the Atlanta and West Point Railroad, and in the evening returned to our old camp. On the 28th instant this regiment, in common with the other troops, marched to the south and east intending to destroy the Macon railroad Our division was engaged in operating upon the left flank of the army.

On the 1st of September crossed the railroad, and on 2nd took up a position in front of the enemy near Jonesborough, Ga.; considerable skirmishing, and the enemy opened upon us with their batteries.

---------------

* Aggregating 3 men killed, and 3 officers and 33 men wounded; total, 39.

---------------

