
Remained in this position until the evening of the 5th instant, when the army commenced falling back upon Atlanta, and this afternoon our corps encamped at Decatur.

The following is a list of casualties.*

EDWIN CHILDS,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. S. A. BLANG,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 319.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John E. Cummins, Ninety-ninth Ohio Infantry, of operations August 12 - September 8.
HDQRS. NINETY-NINTH Regiment OHIO VOL. INFANTRY,Near Decatur, September 8, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Ninety-ninth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, in the late campaign since the 12th day of August, 1864:

Nothing of interest transpired until the 19th of August, when the brigade made the reconnaissance in the direction of the Montgomery railroad. The Ninety-ninth Ohio on that day was in the advance and upon the skirmish line. It met with very slight resistance from a small number of rebel cavalry, who rapidly withdrew before us, exchanging a few shots without loss to either party. The officers and men on that day were especially diligent and faithful in the discharge of their duties and staid closely at their posts.

Nothing more than the regular routine of camp occurred from that day until the 28th instant, when the brigade moved away from the front of Atlanta. The regiment on that day was left until the rest of the brigade had moved to protect our rear, and four companies of the regiment with the rebel cavalry, but without loss.

In the campaign beyond Jonesborough the regiment was at no time engaged with the enemy, and although under the enemy's fire, both of artillery and musketry, on the 2d, 3d, 4th, and 5th of September, the regiment met with no loss except 1 man wounded- John August, Company H, severely wounded, right shoulder.

The officers and men of the regiment uniformly conducted themselves as soldiers should. No opportunity was given for any officer or soldier to especially distinguish himself during the time.

JOHN E. CUMMINS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding 99th Regiment Ohio Vol. Infantry.

Brigadier General J. A. COOPER,

Commanding First Brigadier, Second Div., 23rd Army Corps.

Numbers 320.

Reports of Colonel William Cross, Third Tennessee Infantry, of operations May 6- August 1.
HDQRS. THIRD EAST TENNESSEE VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 1, 1864.

On the night of the 6th of May I received an order to prepare my command to march at daylight on the following morning - my com-

---------------

* One man wounded and 1 man captured.

---------------

