
mand at that time being on picket two miles north of Red Clay, Ga. - and to carry on their persons four days' rations, no baggage wagons being allowed to proceed any farther.

According, I proceeded to join the First Brigade, which was at Red Clay, at 4. 45 a. m., and took up the line of march on the road leading south west running nearly parallel with the East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad, and on the west side of said road. After marching some six or seven miles I was ordered to form my regiment of First Brigade in order of battle. I did no, my regiment forming the right center of the line. I remained in this position until 3 p. m., when I resumed the march, going one mile and a half, and camped for the night.

May 8 continued the march in the same direction, reaching Rocky Face Mountain at 4 p. m.; ascended to the top of the mountain, the continued on the top for one and a half miles in the direction of Tunnel Hill, where I was ordered to halt my command, lying all night on the top of the mountain, which was very uneven.

May 9, I was ordered by General McLean to form a wall of breast-works of the loose stones in front of my command, and to advance two companies down the east side of the mountain as skirmishers.

I complied with the greatest possible speed. The remaining eight companies were then formed behind the wall of stones. I remained in this position until 10 a. m., when, by General McLean's orders, I moved my regiment back the way I had come the previous evening, passing down from the mountain on the east side into a valley.

Here I formed in order of battle, my regiment forming the left of second line, at a distance of fifty paces from first line, running across the valley. In this order I advanced down the valley in the direction of Dalton about one mile, and when in view of the enemy's works he fired with artillery, the shells passing over the right of my line. I ordered my command to " lie down." They did so, and remained some minutes under the fire, behaving well. I was then ordered to move by the right flank into a piece of timbered land near to my right, where I remained until morning, sending four companies, under Lieutenant Colonel William M. Sawyers, as pickets.

May 10, I relieved those four companies by two others of my command, and they remained on skirmish line all day. At 7 a. m. I was directed to move to the rear. I did so in line back to where I first came from the mountain and formed in order of battle parallel with the mountain. Up to this time I had but 1 man wounded. In the last-named position I remained until the morning of the 12th.

At 10 a. m. I moved on the road leading to Tunnel Hill, on the west side of the mountain, passing Tunnel Hill five miles; was ordered on picket for the night.

May 13, ordered to assemble my command at 2 a. m. and move to where the First Brigade was in camp. At daylight took pu the line of march in the direction of Snake Creek Gap; passed through the gap at noon and changed direction to the east; moved three miles and halted in order of battle, my command being the right of front line of brigade. I remained here until 3.30 p. m. I moved forward in the same order; advanced two miles, when I was directed to halt and remained for the night, sending one company on picket.

May 14, moved forward at 9 a. m. two miles; came to a road running north and south. I was directed to halt here. I remained about one hour. I was then directed to have my command "fix bayonets" and move forward. I did so, still holding the right of

