
front line. I had advanced about three-quarters of a mile when I was informed that General McLean directed that when I came in sight of the enemy's works to charge them. I obeyed accordingly.

I had first to pass down a very steep hill about 100 paces, at the foot of which stood a fence. After crossing this fence was a level field, about 150 paces wide, to a creek, running near parallel with my line. This creek was hedged on either side by thick bushes and was about waist deep and was very difficult to cross. After crossing this creek there was a hill gradually rising to the enemy's works. When I gave the order to " charge" my command, with one simultaneous shout, moved forward at double-quick under a murderous fire, both from small-arms and artillery. Reaching the thick hedge of bushes, they forced their way through it and the creek, and not until fifty or sixty paces of the enemy's works were they forced back. Every officer and soldier in my command, so far as my observation reached, did their whole duty nobly and gallantly obeyed my order, and not until many had fallen, and reaching the enemy's works was hopeless, did they begin to retire; some even remained until dark, lying under the bank of the creek, and fired out all their ammunition. The effective number of my command before making the charge was 350 enlisted men and 18 line officers. One company of thirty men and one commissioned officer were on the skirmish line and did not participate in the charge. I lost, killed, 2 commissioned officers and 17 enlisted men; wounded, 4 commissioned officers and 72 enlisted men; aggregate loss, 95.

After my command had come back from the valley I was ordered by General McLean to reform my command at the road where I moved from before making the charge. I remained here until I was directed to move forward in the woods to the left and near to where I had made the charge, and remained all night, sending a detail to carry all the dead and wounded off the field that could be reached. 15th, at 10 a. m. I was directed to move on the road leading to Dalton; marched four miles and halted for the night, where I remained until 4 p. m. the 16th, when I marched four miles, crossing the Connesauga River, and camped for the night at cross-roads.

17th, remained in last night's camp until 3 p. m., when, I resumed the march; came nine or ten miles and camped for the night.

18th, marched at 8 a. m., moving southeast six miles; halted at noon at Dyer's Cross-Roads; remained until the 19th; marched at 9 a. m.; came twelve miles and camped for the night on Two-Run Creek. 20th, marched at 9 a. m. five miles and camped on Pettit's Creek near Cartersville, Ga. Here I remained until the 23d; marched at 6 a. m., taking a southwest direction; came six miles and halted at 12 noon and remained until the 24th; marched at 4.30 a. m.; crossed the Etowah River, then changing direction to the east came five miles and formed in order of battle, my regiment occupying the right of second line of brigade, and remained until the morning of the 25th; marched at 7 a. m., moving south twelve miles, and camped for the night. 26th, marched at 3.30 a. m.; came three and a half miles, crossed Pumpkin Vine Creek, and formed in battle order, my regiment occupying the left of front line; moved forward in line two miles, halted, and then threw up some works of fogs and rails; at 3.30 p. m. advanced and came on the enemy. Two of my companies being on skirmish line, had a sharp skirmish; lost 1 man wounded.

I was halted in sight of the enemy's works, and lay under the fire of their skirmishers until dark, when my command, except the two

