
A detailed report of the killed and wounded is appended to this report. The precise loss of the enemy I do not know, as the brigade moved before his dead was collected. It must have been much greater than ours, however, as there were a great many dead left in our front. The behavior of the brigade in this action was excellent. The Third Brigade on my left repulsed the attack of the enemy on their front with equal ease. After the action two regiments of that brigade, the Eighty-second Ohio Volunteers and the Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers, relieved, respectively, the Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers and One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers. This position was maintained during the night. About 12 o'clock at night considerable firing by the enemy occurred on my right, but did not extend to my line. The enemy retreated during the night. On the 16th day of May the brigade, with the division, moved in pursuit of the enemy to Bryant's Ford, on the Coosawattee River. On the 17th day of May moved from Bryant's Ford to near Calhoun, Ga. On the 18th day of May, from near Calhoun to near Adairsville, Ga. On the 19th day of May, from near Adarisville to a position in front of the enemy's position at Cassville, Ga., driving in the enemy's skirmishers near Cassville at dusk, and forming line within 400 yards of the enemy's line of breast-works. During the night light breast-works of earth and rails were constructed by the brigade. The enemy retreated from our front during the night. May 23, the brigade moved, with the division, crossing the Etowah River to Euharlee. May 24, moved from Euharlee to Burnt Hickory. May 25, marched with the division from Burnt Hickory toward Dallas, crossing Pumpkin Vine Creek. When within about two miles of Dallas, countermarched, recrossed the Pumpkin Vine Creek, moved on the left bank to a bridge near Owen's Mill, recrossed the Pumpkin Vine Creek at that point, moved about two miles to the position occupied by General Geary's division, in front of which the enemy had been found in some force. Immediately upon the arrival of the division at that position, dispositions were made for attacking the enemy. The formation of the division for attack was three lines, a brigade front. The Third Brigade in the first line, Second Brigade in second, and First Brigade in third line. The Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers, Colonel Carman, was deployed as skirmishers to cover the right flank of the division. The Second Massachusetts Volunteers was left at the upper bridge across the Pumpkin Vine Creek as guard. As soon as formed the division moved forward to the attack, the Third Brigade rapidly driving the enemy's skirmishers with their supports about one mile, when it was relieved by the Second Brigade. The enemy's skirmishers being driven in on the main body, a severe fight now took place, the enemy fighting behind his breast-works, he also having a cross-fire of grape and shell from his batteries on a portion of the line. The brigade maintained its position with obstinacy and without flinching for about an hour, not being able to advance in consequence of the destructive cross-fire of artillery and heavy musketry fire, also, from the fact that owing to the shortness of the line a farther advance exposed it to an enfilading fire from the right. An attempt by the enemy to turn the right was defeated by a movement of a portion of the First Brigade up to the line occupied by the Second Brigade. The brigade having suffered severely, and being out of ammunition, was relieved by the First Brigade and a portion of the Third Brigade, and then formed in reserve. The brigade attained a position in some portions

