
companies on skirmish line, withdrew. After there was another line establish in rear of the line formed by those two companies of my regiment, I, by direction of General McLean, sent an officer and withdrew my line, and my command remained in rear of front line that night. 27th, moved out at 8 a. m. and deployed my whole command as skirmishers and advanced one-half mile, driving the enemy; was relieved at 11 a. m.; came back to where I had lain the previous night and formed in order of battle, occupying left of front line, and advanced east three-quarters of a mile, then changed direction and moved by the left flank, taking a circuitous route; moved some three miles to the left of our line and again formed in same order of battle; I remained until dark, being in the range of the enemy's artillery and under this fire. Lost this day, killed, 2 enlisted men; wounded, 4 commissioned officers and 13 enlisted men. At dark withdrew and came to same place were I had laid the previous night. 28th, moved to front line at 2 a. m., forming some works of logs and rails; at 10 a. m. advanced one-quarter mile, driving the enemy. Here I remained until dark, then, being relieved came back to second line.

Loss to-day 1 commissioned officer and 2 enlisted men wounded.

29th, was relieved at 3 o'clock, and marched to the rear six miles and halted for the night. 30th, marched at 5 a. m.; came three miles and camped at Burnt Hickory, Ga. 31st, by direction from General McLean marched as escort or guard for supply train to Kingston, Ga.: arrived there on the 1st day of June, at noon. I remained here until the 4th of June, when, the train being ready to return, I proceeded and rejoined my command, finding on my return General McLean relieved of command First Brigade.

On the 7th of June, 1864, at 4 a. m., according to instructions from Colonel Cooper, commanding First Brigade, I then moved one mile east and camped, where I remained until the 10th.*

Respectfully submitted.

WILLIAM CROSS,

Colonel Third Tennessee Volunteer Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRD EAST TENNESSEE VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 1, 1864.

On the 7th of June at 4 a. m., according to instructions received from Colonel Cooper, commanding First Brigade, I then moved my command one mile east and camped, where I remained till 10th of June, 1864. Marched 6.30 a. m. about three miles south, where the enemy was strongly intrenched. My regiment, after forming in order of battle, occupied the right of the second line. In the evening threw shell over whole my command lay, wounding 1 enlisted man. 11th of June, occupied same position in the evening, sending out one captain and sixty men on skirmish line to remain all night.

12th June, relieved them by the same number; at noon moved by the left flank some 200 yards and occupied the works on the front line which the First Tennessee previously occupied, keeping up as watch guard all night one-third of the men of my command and three commissioned officers. 13th June, occupied same position and under same orders till 3 p. m. the 15th June, 1864, when I received

---------------

* Nominal list of casualties accompanying this report shows 2 officers and 18 men killed and 13 officers and 87 men wounded; total, 120.

---------------

