
formed in order of battle, right of rear line; sent twenty-four men on picket. I remained in this position till the 17th July; marched at 9 a. m.; came six miles south; halted in order of battle, right of rear line, except three companies, which were on left of front line engaged in making works. 18th July, marched at 8 a. m.; came six miles southeast; formed right of front line; threw up works and remained for the night. 19th July, marched at 5 a. m.; came seven miles near Decatur, Ga.; halted till 5 p. m., then moved on mile west; encamped for night, sending on picket one commissioned officer and twenty-nine men. 20th July, marched at 5 a. m. two and a half mile, and by direction of Colonel Cooper deployed my whole command as skirmishers, and drove the enemy through a thick woods, charging them several times; lost to-day 2 men killed and 10 wounded; was relieved from skirmish line at 4 p. m. by Sixth East Tennessee Volunteer Infantry, and remained in rear on left of second line. 21st July, occupied same position, throwing up works; 1 man wounded. 22nd July, moved forward at 6 a. m., crossing the enemy's work a half mile; formed in order of battle, right of front line, and threw up strong works; in this position until the 28th of July, 1864, when I moved to second line on right of brigade, except four companies, which were on left and front line. On the 29th of July, sending out ninety-four men and two commissioned officers on skirmish line, I remained in this position till

August 1, 1864, sending each day on skirmish only twenty men. Lost while in this position 1 man killed and 3 wounded.

Respectfully submitted.

WILLIAM CROSS,

Colonel Third East Tennessee Volunteer Infantry.

Brigadier General JOSEPH A. COOPER.

Numbers 321.

Reports of Major Rhadamanthus H. Dunn, Third Tennessee Infantry, of operations August 1-September 8.
HDQRS. THIRD EAST TENNESSEE VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 14, 1864.

August 1, received orders to march at 8 p. m. and follow the Ninety-first Indiana Volunteers. Leaving the detail, Captain John H. Cross and twenty enlisted men, on the skirmish line, marched by the left flank one mile; camped for the night in order of battle. August 2, orders, to resume the march at 6 a. m.; marched five miles northwest, crossing the Western and Atlantic Railroad at 1 p. m.; marched four or five miles, halted, formed in order of battle, left of second line; received orders to camp for the night; in a few moments received orders to march; marched after the Ninety-first Indiana Volunteers; marched half a mile, halted, formed in order of battle; in a few moments received orders to march; marched by the right flank a short distance, formed in order of battle, right of first line fronting west; furnished twenty-five enlisted men for picket, and intrenched our position, and encamped for the night. August 3, 10 a. m. received a n order to march; marched south

