
through the lines of Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, crossed a deep ravine and creek near on old mill, halted at the summit of a hill, formed in order of battle, right of second line; advanced, driving the enemy half a mile with sharp skirmishing in front, capturing some prisoners; halted, intrenched in order of battle under heavy artillery firing from the enemy; furnished one commissioned officer and eighteen enlisted men for picket duty. August 4, position unchanged; enemy shelled us considerably, but effected nothing; furnished one commissioned officer and eighteen enlisted men for picket duty. August 5, position unchanged; 1 enlisted man killed by sharpshooters; one commissioned officer to march at 6 a. m. next morning; a little later received orders to march at 5 a. m. next morning. August 6, 5 a. m. marched to the right and rear of Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, one mile; was halted at 7 a. m., formed in column of battalion third in line; rested a few moments, marched by the right flank past extreme right of Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, one mile; was halted at 7 a. m., formed in column of battalion third in line; rested a few moments, marched by the right flank past extreme right of Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, halted, rested; at 2 p. m. marched by the right flank one mile; 3.30 p. m. unslung knapsacks, prepared for a charge; double-quicked half a mile to the right, halted, formed in order of battle, occupying right of second line; rested a moment or so, moved forward 700 yards, until within fair view of the enemy, who were posted across a field, with two piece of artillery. A charge was ordered, and was executed, driving the enemy; we lost 3 enlisted men wounded; occupied the enemy's position; fortified; furnished one commissioned officer and eighteen enlisted men for picket; 7 p. m. received orders to march; marched to the rear one mile and on the right of Second Brigade; went into camp in order of battle, right of second line, for the night.

August 7, position unchanged; throwing up breast-works, in compliance of orders; 10 a. m. received orders to march at a moment's warning; 10.30 or 11 a. m.,marched by left flank, following Sixth Tennessee Volunteer Infantry one-half mile; halted in order of battle, faced about, marched 200 yards, then by right flank one-half mile to summit of hill, formed in single line of battle, right center threw up works, fronting east; 7 p. m. marched by right flank 200 yards, formed in order of battle, left of front line; threw up works, fronting southeast; furnished one commissioned officer and twenty enlisted men for picket. August 8, position unchanged until 5 p. m., when I received marching orders to march by the left flank, following the Sixth East Tennessee Volunteer Infantry. Passing through the lines of the Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, halted one-half mile in their front; formed in order of battle, left of first line, supporting the Nineteenth Ohio Battery. We lost 1 man killed and 1 man wounded on skirmish line; furnished one commissioned officer and twenty enlisted men for picket duty. In compliance of orders, intrenched our position. August 9, position unchanged until 2 p. m., when we marched 300 yards to the right and front, halted in order of battle,e left of first line; marched in order of battle, left in front, governed by the movements of the Second Brigade, and halted; 3.30 p. m., was ordered to the center of second line; furnished one commissioned officer and eighteen enlisted men for picket; remained here for the night, fronting due west. August 10, position unchanged until 6 p. m.; marched by the left flank 300 yards, halted, formed in order of battle on right of first line at 6 p. m.; one commissioned officer and eighteen enlisted men for picket;

