
to countermarch, left in front, to join brigade one and a half miles distant up the Newman road; at 6 p. m. joined the brigade; marched to position occupied night previous. August 21, position unchanged; one commissioned officer and fourteen enlisted men for picket duty. The command cered for Lincoln and Johnson. August 22, position unchanged; one commissioned officer and enlisted men for picket duty. August 23, position unchanged; one commissioned officer and fourteen enlisted men for picket duty. August 24, position unchanged; picket as yesterday, one commissioned officer and fourteen enlisted men. August 24, position unchanged; orders to send one wagon from the regiment with all the baggage to report to Colonel Capron, north of the Chattahoochee River; at 7 a. m. one commissioned officer and fourteen enlisted men for picket duty. August 26, 7 a. m. one commissioned officer and fourteen enlisted men for picket duty; orders to be ready to march at 4 p. m.; marched by the right flank three-quarters of a mile; halted, threw up works fronting northwest; 9 p. m. returned to our old position. August 27, at 4 a. m. position unchanged. At 8 a. m. received orders to return with command and complete works; did so and returned to our old camp. August 28, at 7 a. m. one commissioned officer and fourteen enlisted men for picket duty; at 2 p. m. orders to march; countermarched, left in front, three-quarters of a mile to works thrown up day previous; halted in order of battle, left of front line, at 6 p. m.; marched, right tin front, west three and a half miles; halted in order of march, occupying works built by Fourth Army Corps, fronting southeast; one commissioned officer and fourteen enlisted men for picket duty; rested for the night. August 29, orders to be ready to march at 5 a. m.; furnished one commissioned officer and fourteen enlisted men for picket duty; at 9 a. m. marched by left flank, following One hundred and thirtieth Indiana one mile; halted in order of march. At 2 p. m. countermarched one mile and a half, halted of army; at 9 p. m. orders to march at 6 in the morning. August 30, 6 a. m. marched by right flank three miles, crossing the West Point railroad six miles west of East Point; halted in order of battle, intrenched, fronting northeast; furnished one commissioned officer and fourteen enlisted men for picket duty; rested for the night. August 31, 3 a. m. orders to be ready to move; 4 a. m. marched east three miles; furnished one commissioned officer and thirty-six enlisted men for skirmishers; halted in order of battle, right of front line. Reversed a line of rebel works which they had hastily constructed the night previous; 4 p. m. marched east 200 yards; halted in order of battle, right of front line; reversed another line of rebel works; 4.30 p. m. marched east one mile; halted, supporting Sixth Tennessee Volunteers, which was deployed as skirmishers on the banks of Flint River; 6 p. m. orders to be ready to march at daybreak in the morning; rested for the night; all quiet.

September 1, position five miles west of East Point, Ga.; daybreak marched east half a mile; threw up works fronting east, covering a by-road leading to Rough and Ready Station, on the railroad; 12 m., marched south till striking the Macon railroad, which we found destroyed; thence with it until within four miles of Jonesborough, Ga.; halted in column of battalions, fourth in line; furnished one commissioned officer and fourteenth enlisted men for picket

