
duty; orders to be ready to move at 6 in the morning. September 2, at 2 a. m. cheering in camp, in consequence of "booming" in the direction of Atlanta; supposed to be the destruction of the rebel arsenals and magazines at that city; 6 a. m., marched in pursuit of the enemy, coming up with them at sundown; halted in order of battle; center of second line; furnished five enlisted men for picket duty; orders to be ready to march at 5 o'clock in the morning. September 3, 7 a. m. command drew half rations; heavy skirmishing in our front; 1 man slightly wounded by stray ball, while in his tent; 1 p. m., retired by right and rear 200 yards; halted in order of battle, right of front line fronting east; intrenched under shells from the enemy's battery without sustaining any loss; 5 p. m., furnished one commissioned officer and fourteen enlisted men for picket duty. September 4, position unchanged; 7 a. ., sick are sent to field hospital. Heavy skirmishing during the day; furnished one commissioned officer and twenty-two enlisted men for picket duty. September 5, position unchanged; skirmishing along the lines; 2 p. m., orders to be ready to move at a moment's warning; 6 p. m. Color-bearer Sergeant Bier, wounded by stray ball in his tent; 4 p. m., marched back on the road that we came in on September 2; halted at the railroad on the morning of the 6th. September 6, after marching all night encamped; at 4 p. m. furnished eleven enlisted men for picket; remained here all night. September 7, orders to march at 7 a. m.; at 10 a. m. marched, bringing up the rear of the army; 6 p. m., halted in order of battle, right of rear line fronting northwest and five miles south of Atlanta, Ga.; furnished one commissioned officer and eleven enlisted men for picket duty; remained for the night.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

R. H. DUNN,

Major, Commanding Third Tennessee Volunteer Infantry.

Numbers 322.

Report of Colonel Joseph A. Cooper, Sixth Tennessee Infantry, of operations May 7-June 6.
HDQRS. SIXTH Regiment EAST TENNESSEE VOL. INFANTRY,In the Field, August 15, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with instructions from headquarters First Brigade, I beg leave to submit the following as a report of the military operations of the Sixth East Tennessee Infantry from the commencement of the present campaign up to June 6:

On the morning of the 7th of May the command marched from Red Clay, Ga., with half baggage, and on the 9th engaged the enemy near Rocky Face.

Moved back on the morning of the 10th, and on the 12th marched at 8 a. m. for Snake Creek Gap, to the right of Dalton. Passed through said gap on the 13th, and on the 14th made an unsuccessful attack on the enemy's works near Resaca. On the morning of the 16th we learned the enemy had evacuated his position, and were ordered to be ready for the pursuit. We made hard marches until the 26th, resting three days at Pettit's Creek, near Cartersville, Ga.

