
On the 26th we had a brisk skirmish with the enemy. Were engaged constantly until 29th at 4 p. m., when we were relieved, and marched to Burnt Hickory. Remained there until June 2, when we moved to the front again near Allatoona Creek, and were on the front until the 6th, when Brigadier General N. C. McLean relinquished command of the brigade.

Accompanying this is a list of casualties in the command up to the 6th of June.*

Very respectfully,

JOSEPH A. COOPER,

Colonel Sixth East Tennessee Vol. Infantry.

Captain E. R. KERSTETTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Div., 23rd Army Corps.

Numbers 323.

Reports of Captain William Ausmus, Sixth Tennessee Infantry, of operations June 6-September 8.
HDQRS. SIXTH Regiment, EAST TENNESSEE VOL. INFANTRY,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., August 16, 1864.

SIR: I submit the following as a report of the military operations of the Sixth Tennessee Infantry from June 6, when Brigadier General (then Colonel) Joseph A. Cooper assumed command of the First Brigade, up to August 12, 1864, the time of the reorganization of the Second Division:

On the 9th of June we marched early in the morning, and skirmished with the enemy near Lost Mountain, Ga. On the day following we put up temporary works, and on the 12th moved to the left and occupied works vacated by a portion of the Third Division. We moved upon the 15th after the skirmishers of the Second and Third Divisions had driven the enemy, and put up another line of works. About noon on the 16th the First Brigade moved forward, and the entire regiment was deployed as skirmishers, with orders to charge and drive the rebel skirmish line, which was posted behind temporary works. This we did, and drove them into their main lien of works, capturing 40 prisoners. They left 13 men dead upon the field. During the night the enemy evacuated his works in our front, and on the following morning we started in pursuit, halting near Kenesaw Mountain. Here we remained until June 19, when we moved forward a short distance and stopped and Noyes' Creek. 22d, we were again ordered to the right. Up to this time Lieutenant Colonel Edward Maynard had commanded the regiment. His health here failing, Captain marcus D. Bearden, Company D, assumed command of the regiment. We moved three miles farther to the right, where we kept up a skirmish fight almost without intermission until the morning of the 1st of July, when we were relieved by a portion of the Twentieth Army Corps, and again moved to the right, where we had a fight, and drove the enemy on the Nickajack road. Here Captain Bearden was severely wounded while in command of the regiment, and since that time I have commanded. We rested near this place until the 6th, when we marched to Ruff's Station, on the

---------------

*Aggregating 11 men killed and 2 officers and 33 men wounded; total, 46.

---------------

