
Western and Atlantic Railroad. On the morning of the 8th we marched for Isham's Ford, ont he Chattahoochee River, arriving there same day, and on the day following crossed the river on pontoon bridges, laid down for the purpose, and took a position two miles from the ferry or ford on some ridges running parallel with the river. On the 13th we moved two miles toward Atlanta, and on the 17th moved on the Rosswell and Atlanta, and on the 17th moved on the Roswell and Atlanta road and skirmished with the enemy, drove them two miles, and bivouacked during the night near buck Head, Ga. On the 18th we marched in the direction of Decatur, and arrived near there on the 19th. Ont he morning of the 20th we marched on the main Atlanta road, and when within two and a half miles of the city we came up with the enemy's skirmish line. About 3 p. m. the entire regiment was deployed as skirmishers, with orders to drive the enemy from his advanced position, which we did by a charge, in which we captured 1 lieutenant and 36 men. During the night of the 21st the enemy fell back from his first line of works, and on the following morning we moved up in full view of his works around the city and, under the fire of his artillery, erected good works.

On the 1st of August we received orders to hold ourselves in readiness to march to our right, and the same evening marched out, and on the day following marched around the lines to our extreme right. On the 2nd we crossed Utoy Creek and drove back the enemy, taking a position half a mile beyond the creek, where we remained, keeping out a strong skirmish line until the morning of the 6th, when, being relieved by a portion of the Fourteenth Army Corps, we again marched to the right. About 3 p. m. on the 6th we were ordered to charge on a piece of artillery which had been annoying us during the morning, and which was supported by a brigade of rebel cavalry posted behind temporary works. We drove them but failed to take the gun, on account of the great distance we had to go through the open fields, which gave ample time for its removal. In obedience to orders, we fell back same evening, and on the following day put up three lines of works. Since then we have moved twice and put up two other lines of works, which brings us to our present location.

It is due to the officers and men of the command to say they have on every occasion behaved themselves with great gallantry.

It is with profound regret that I announce the death of that sterling officer, Captain William L. Lea, Company C, who fell mortally wounded by minie-ball at the head of his company as he was gallantly leading his men in the charge of August 6. He died at 1 p. m. on the 9th. Captain Lea was a brave and efficient officer, and in his death his command has suffered an irreparable loss. Second Lieutenant hardie R. Brown, Company G, was severely wounded the same day, while First Lieutenant Volney F, Gossett was slightly wounded in the same charge.*

Very respectfully,

WILLIAM AUSMUS,

Commanding Sixth Regiment East Tennessee Volunteers.

Lieutenant JOSEPH S. A. BLANG,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties accompanying this report shows 6 men killed and 6 officers and 47 men wounded; total, 59.

---------------

