HEADQUARTERS SIXTH TENNESSEE INFANTRY,Decatur, Ga., September 8, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders this day received from headquarters First Brigade, I beg leave to submit the following report of the military operations of this regiment from August 12, 1864, to the present time:

At that time we were in front of the enemy near East Point, Ga., where we remained until August 28, and while relieving our skirmish line that day Private John M. King, Company A, was killed by a rebel sharpshooters. Same evening we marched in the direction of Jonesborough, Ga., and marched more or less each day until September 2, when we arrived two miles east of the Macon railroad below Jonesborough. September 5, at 8 p. m. we marched, according to orders, for Decatur, Ga., arriving at this place to-day.

The regiment has not been engaged with the enemy during this period, consequently no casualties, except what are named above.

Very respectfully,

WILLIAM AUSMUS,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant JOSEPH S. A. BLANG,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 324.

Report of Brigadier General Milo S. Hascall, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of operations May 3-16.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Decatur, Ga., September 9, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following as a report of the operations of this brigade during the time it was under my command:

The brigade, composed of the One hundred and eighteenth and One hundred and eleventh Ohio Infantry, the Twenty-third Michigan Infantry, and the One hundred and seventh Illinois Infantry, left Mossy Creek, Tenn., on the 26th of April to take part in the campaign against Atlanta. On the 28th we passed through Knoxville, and the following day crossed the Tennessee at Loudon. The evening of the fifth day of our march, or the evening of the 30th, brought us to Charleston, having made 100 miles in four days. Here the brigade remained in camp for three days, recuperating and refitting. On the morning of the 3rd of May the command move toward Charleston, passing thence south on the May the command moved toward Charleston, passing thence south of the Dalton railroad, camping near Charleston on the night of the 3rd and at Red Clay, Ga., on the 4th. On the 5th left camp at Red Clay and on the 7th was placed in position on the right of the First Brigade, a portion of my command in reserve near Lee's house. No force of the enemy appearing, was put into camp near by. On the following day crossed rocky Face Ridge and skirmished up the valley, my command on the right of the First Brigade, with the right resting near the base of the ridge. The enemy were driven into their main works, stretching across the valley. I was ordered with my command to assault the position, which, after a careful reconnaissance,

39 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT II

