
of the line nearer the enemy's works than any other of our troops, some of its dead being in advance of the position afterward occupied by the line of skirmishers of the troops which relieved the First Division. The loss of the brigade was-killed, 46; wounded, 314; missing, 1; total, 361. The brigade with the division was in reserve to the other divisions of the corps from the 26th to the 31st day of May, at the same position.

June 1, the brigade, with the division, moved to the left of the main line of the army and took position near Pickett's Mills Creek. June 2, moved a short distance and relieved a portion of the Twenty-third Corps under command of General Hovey. June 5, moved with the division to Allatoona Creek. June 6, took position near Kemp's Mill. June 11, moved to a position in front of the enemy near Pine Hill. June 15, the enemy having fallen back from Pine Hill the night before, the brigade moved forward with the division and took position next on the left of the Second Division in front of the enemy's new position. Some sharp skirmishing took place on going into position, the enemy's skirmishers being driven in. June 17, the enemy having fallen back the night previous, the brigade advanced with the division over the enemy's works to Mud Creek. June 19, advanced to Noyes' Creek. June 20, moved to the right and took position near Atkinkson's plantation. June 22, the brigade, with the division, advanced and took position on a ridge near Kolb's farm, driving the enemy's skirmishers from their position. While in this position, and while our skirmishers were pressing those of the enemy, it was ascertained about 3 o'clock in the afternoon, from prisoners captured and other sources, that the enemy was about to attack us. In accordance with orders, I placed the brigade in position in one line formation, the right resting near the Marietta road, and connecting with General Hascall's division, of the Twenty-third Corps, which mean time had come up by the Marietta road Being in one line and without breast-works, and in accordance with orders, such breast-works were made as could be constructed by rails and other material within reach. In front of the left two regiments of the brigade (the Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers and One hundred and Fiftieth New York Volunteers the ground was open about 300 yards tot he front. The First Brigade prolonged the line to the left along the crest of the ridge, which terminated some 400 yards to the left. Next on the left of the brigade, and between the First and Second Brigades, was Battery M, First New York Artillery, light 12-pounders. Very soon after coming in position, the attack of the enemy was made by Hood's corps. His columns in approaching were subject to a fire from batteries on commanding positions, and were much disorganized. In the immediate front of the brigade and of the First Brigade the enemy emerged from the cover to the woods in the open ground, and was immediately received by a fire of canister from Captain Woodbury's battery. The Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers and One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers, in whose front the ground was open, giving a good view of the enemy, now opened fire. The first line of the enemy was followed closely by his second and that by his third. The second soon closed up on his first line, which had halted, and was even disordered before receiving the musketry fire. In a short time all three lines were repulsed and driven back in a confused mass, with heavy loss, the third line advancing but a short distance from the shelter of the woods. The enemy making the attack was Stevenson's division, of Hood's corps. Considerable captures might

