
I considered too strong to be carried without great slaughter, therefore the order was countermanded, but I remained for the night confronting their works, my skirmishers being within a few yards of their main line. On the following morning I retired my command, in accordance with instructions, to the ridge and went into position for the night. The following morning, 10th, began the march to the right, passing through Tunnel Hill and Villanow. On the 12th passed through Snake Creek Gap; in connection with the First Brigade, in line, moved toward the railroad. On the 13th skirmished into position through dense forest and a thick under-growth of timber. The whole day was consumed in the advance of a few miles, and night found us still some distance from the railroad.

On the following day, while my command was near the left of the Fourteenth Army Corps, in front of Resaca, I was ordered to advance in conjunction with the First Brigade and attempt to carry the enemy's position. My brigade was formed in three lines and advanced in order until I came up with the lines of the Fourteenth Army Corps, intrenched in my front, when the troops of both corps became intermingled in the thicket in their front, and in a short time the lines were in disorder, and nothing could b done in the attempt to restore order while the masses were moving on. The bugles were sounding the forward continually. Between my first and second lines were moving two regiments from General Turchin's brigade, of the Fourteenth Army Corps, and other regiments between my second and third. While endeavoring to get my command together, and perfectly ignorant of the ground over which I was then ordered to move in haste, a cheer from the troops in front, followed by a sharp rattle of musketry and a heavy artillery fire, apprised me that my first line was engaged. Then the advancing line of the Fourteenth Corps suddenly halted, thus permitting my second line to move by them. On reaching the crest of the hill, I found the troops engaged to great disadvantage, some still exposed to fire, others seeking shelter by lying in the creek, and others were bravely advancing nearer the line held by the enemy. So soon as the situation was fully understood, the remaining troops (One hundred and seventh Illinois) not yet engaged were halted, and those who in the confusion and perfect storm of missiles had broken and gone to the rear were brought forward, while those still in the bottom below were reformed. Another attempt to storm the enemy's works was ordered, but at my earnest remonstrance the order was countermanded. Soon after the troops were withdrawn (those who were not too far to the front or too greatly exposed) to the hill, and then placed in position and works erected. Batteries were afterward place in position, and, under cover of their fire, many of the wounded and dead were brought off; very many, however, were too far to the front to be carried off until darkness covered the stretcher-bearers in their work. The rations were out, and the men, from excitement and exposure, were greatly weakened. The night was passed in quiet, and the next morning, having been relieved by troops of the First Division, I withdrew to my former position. In accordance with orders, on the 15th moved to the left of the Twentieth Army Corps. Late in the day was ordered to move to the support of the First Division. While here, was requested to send a regiment to relieve one of General Williams' that had expended all its ammunition. Colonel Bond, One hundred and eleventh Ohio, was

