
sent. In the evening he returned, and I went into camp for the night. During the night the enemy evacuated. On the 16th I received an order temporarily assigning me to duty with the Third Division, under General Cox, where for two days I commanded the Second Brigade of that division. During the afternoon of the 18th of May I received an order from the major-general commanding the corps assigning me to the command of the Second Division.

My brigade had no fair chance at all in the attempt up Resaca. It was rushed pell-mell through about three-quarters of a mile of thicket, and then, after the First Brigade had been defeated and routed, was suffered to go headlong over a precipice down into a creek bottom, where the men i great disorder were immediately confronting the enemy's works and exposed to his musket and artillery fire at short range. The result was what might have been expected, a most disastrous defeat, without inflicting any loss of consequence upon the enemy. The officers and men as a general thing displayed great gallantry, but to no purpose.

Inclosed please find accompanying reports of regimental commanders and list of casualties.

Recapitulation-Second Brigade to May 16, 1864: Commissioned officers-Killed, 4; wounded, 7; total, 11. Enlisted men-Killed, 30; wounded, 195; missing, 2; total, 227. Aggregate, 238.

I remain, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MILO S. HASCALL,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 325.

Reports of Colonel John R. Bond, One hundred and eleventh Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations May 16-June 18 and August 15-September 8.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 26, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the doings of the Second Brigade from the 16th day of May to the 18th of June:

On the 16th day of May we left Resaca in pursuit of the enemy, he having evacuated on the night of the 15th; forded the Connesauga River, went into camp, and remained until the evening of the 17th when the line of march was taken up. Crossed the Coosawattee, went into camp nine mile south of that river at 12 midnight; resumed the march at 7 a. m. on the 18th. At this time was on the extreme left of the grand army. Went into camp eight miles northwest of Cassville; remained until the morning of the 20th; passed through Cassville south to Cass Station; formed in line of battle and moved to within two miles of Etowah River; returned and went into camp on Pettit's Creek, and remained until the 23d, when we moved to Etowah Cliffs and camped for the night on the north side of the river. On the morning of the 24th crossed the river on pontoons, and moved up north side of Richland Creek. Five miles from the river came up with the enemy, formed in line of battle, sent out skirmishers and drove the enemy three miles south of Dallas on Burnt

