
Hickory road. On the 25th moved on Dallas, went into camp at 9 p. m. (raining very hard). At 2 a. m. resumed the line of march, crossed the Pumpkin Vine Creek, formed in line of battle on the left of the grand army, advanced two miles through woods, and found the enemy in force (at this time supporting the First Brigade, General McLean commanding). The First Brigade built breast-works, which the Second Brigade were ordered to occupy while the first advanced on the enemy. On the return of the First Brigade from their reconnaissance of the enemy's works and position, I was ordered to hold the works and relieve the First Brigade's skirmish line with a regiment from my command. The One hundred and seventh illinois, Major Laurance commanding, was detailed for that duty, with orders to hold the line. The position was held by them until forced to retire by superior numbers. The Twenty-third Michigan, Lieutenant-Colonel Spaulding commanding, was ordered to support the One hundred and seventh illinois; the two regiments were not able to maintain the ground. Three rebel regiments now confronting the line (at this time Generals Howard and Cox with their staff were riding down the line between my advance and main line and received the fire of the enemy), the One hundred and eleventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Sherwood commanding, was ordered to make a charge on the enemy, retake and hold the ground lost, which was gallantly done. On the evening of the 27th advanced the brigade close to the enemy's lines and built works; remained in this position until the 2nd of June, constantly skirmishing with the enemy.

On the 3rd moved to the left of the line three miles, found the enemy's infantry and artillery in force. A charge was made and the enemy driven from his position; remained until the 5th of June. Moved two miles to the left on the 9th, took a position near the enemy's lines. Went on a reconnaissance toward Lost Mountain, found the enemy in front and strongly intrenched. On the 15th day of June had a brisk fight with the enemy on the right of the division and corps, drove the enemy from his works, and, driving him to his second line at Lost Mountain, took position in the first lien of the enemy's works; advanced the line to the base of Lost Mountain, skirmishing with the enemy all day and night. On the morning of the 17th the One hundred and eleventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry was ordered to advance with the skirmish line and feel of the enemy. It was found that they had left their works on Lost Mountain, leaving only a cavalry force. The brigade was ordered by General Hascall to take position on the right of the army and advance in pursuit of the enemy. The enemy was driven five miles, and the chase became so warm and spirited that it was with difficulty the troops were restrained. By order of the commanding general the One hundred and eleventh Ohio, Lieutenant Colonel Sherwood commanding, was detached from the brigade and was directed to make a reconnaissance to Nalam Creek, where the enemy was found in force, and they returned to camp. From the 16th day of May to the 4th day of June I had but five regiments in my brigade-the Twenty-third Michigan Volunteer Infantry, Forty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, One hundred and seventh Illinois Volunteer Infantry, One hundred and eleventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry and One hundred and eighteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. On the 4th day of June, the Thirteenth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Hobson commanding,

