
and the Eightieth Indiana Volunteer Infantry, Major Tucker commanding, were added to the brigade. To the officers and men of the brigade I return my thanks for the promptness with which my every command was executed.

I herewith forward the reports of regimental commanders, with a list of casualties in the brigade. A report of the casualties is all that I deemed necessary to make, as the doings and movements of the brigade was by direction and under the immediate eye of the general commanding the division.

The casualties in the brigade during the time covered by this report were:

Command.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.

Twenty-third Michigan	 1	 10	 3

Volunteer Infantry.

One hundred and seventh	 1	 11	 ...

Illinois Volunteer

Infantry.

One hundred and	 2	 28	 ...

eleventh Ohio Volunteer

Infantry.

Eightieth Indiana	 2	 12	 5

Volunteer Infantry.

Total.	 6	 61	 8

JNO. R. BOND,

Colonel 111th Ohio Vol. Infantry, Commanding Second Brigade.

[Captain KERSTETTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Decatur, Ga., September 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following reports of the operations of this brigade from the 15th of August to September 8, 1864:

On the 15th found the brigade, under command of Colonel William E. Hobson, in position in front of East Point, Ga. Remained in position until the 18th, receiving the usual compliments from the enemy's shot and shell, with but small loss. On the 18th moved to right of Second Division outside our works. On the 19th went on a reconnaissance three miles below and west of East Point; returned to camp. On the 20th made the same move, and returned to camp same night. Remained in position until 28th, when we moved at dark, and went into position near the Mount Gilead Church, this brigade bringing up the rear. Our skirmish line was brought up in most gallant style, under the directions of Captain G. A. Gallup, brigade inspector, the enemy following them into our works. On the 29th moved two mils, and went into position two miles north of West Point railroad. On 30th took up line of march, crossed West Point railroad, and at 3 o'clock went into position, the enemy being in our front. 31st, at 6 o'clock resumed the march and a half mile south-west from Rough and Ready Station; changed their front, and went into position from the night.

September 1, moved east on Macon railroad, struck it about 12 m., destroyed track, switches, &amp;c., moved down railroad to within two miles of Jonesborough. On 2nd September marched east, west, north, and south, and took up a position on the left of the Fourth Corps,

