
who were engaged with the enemy, and when putting my brigade in position, under the direction of General Hascall, my inspector-general, Captain G. A. Gallup, was mortally wounded by the bursting of a shell, taking off his right hand and crushing his thigh. A more gallant or brave officer was not in the service. Our loss is great in losing in. On the 3rd built works under fire of the enemy; remained in position until the night of the 5th, when we left for Decatur, this brigade bringing up the rear. At 8 o'clock on the morning of the 6th went into camp northeast, two and a half miles from Jonesborough. Left camp on the 7th, and encamped 8 miles from Decatur. On the 8th resumed the march, arriving at this place at 10 p. m. same day.

My thanks are due to the officers and men for the faithful manner in which they have discharged their several duties.

I respectfully forward the reports of regimental commanders.

The following is a list of casualties during the tie above set forth:*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. R. BOND,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[Captain KERSTETTER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, 23rd Army Corps.]

Numbers 326.

Report of Colonel William E. Hobson, Thirteenth Kentucky Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations June 18-August 15.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Camp near Atlanta, Ga., August 15, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit my official report of the operations of the Second Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, from the 18th day of June to the 15th day of August, 1864.

The Second Brigade is composed of the One hundred and eleventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Sherwood; One hundred and seventh Illinois Volunteer Infantry, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Lowry; One hundred and eighteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, commanded part of the time by Captain Kennedy and part of the time by Captain Sowers; the Eightieth Indiana Volunteer Infantry, commanded by Captain Ragle; the Thirteenth kentucky, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel B. P. Estes; and the Twenty-third Michigan Volunteer Infantry, commanded by Captain Raymond. The latter regiment was ordered from the brigade on detached duty on the 13th day of July. No official report was received from the commanding officer of the regiment. On the 18th day of June Colonel John R. Bond, formerly commander of the Second Brigade, was taken quite ill and was unable to command the brigade, consequently, I being the senior officer, it devolved upon me to take command of the brigade. The brigade at that time formed a part of the Second Division, situated on the right of

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 man killed and 8 men wounded.

---------------

