
the army, near ---- Creek. On the 19th, 20th, and 21st, the brigade lay near Noyes' Creek. On the 22nd I received orders to move the brigade forward, and advanced east about two and a half miles, and went into position on the right of the Second Division, and in front of the enemy some skirmishing occurred.

On the 25th I ordered a skirmish line forward, composed of the different regiments, which soon engaged the enemy's skirmishers, driving them back, and taking possession of a ridge in front of my brigade. On the 26th I received orders to advance my brigade about 800 yards, and established a new line taken up on the ridge that had been gained by my skirmish line the day before. Threw up breast-works with my right flank refused, for the purpose of protecting it if the enemy should have advanced through a large gap between my right and the left of General Cox's division. On the 27th, in pursuance to orders received from division headquarters, I ordered forward a heavy skirmish line to make a demonstration in front of the enemy, in favor of attacking party on Kenesaw Mountain. The officers and men did their part well, but were compelled to retire after advancing to within seventy-five yards of the enemy's works. the loss was heavy in both officers and men. Nothing done on the 28th and 29th except skirmishing. On the 30th, in pursuance to orders from the general commanding the division, I was relieved by a brigade of the Twentieth Army Corps, withdrew my command back one mile and half to the rear, and bivouacked for the night.

On the 1st day of July, 1864, in pursuance to orders, I moved my brigade out on the Sandtown road, following General Cooper's brigade. Marching about five miles, we came in contact with the enemy's cavalry. I was then ordered to form on the left of General Cooper's brigade, and march out and strike the junction of the marietta and Sandtown road. I formed the brigade in two lines, advanced about a mile, when the enemy began to show himself. The front line charged them from behind their rail-works. The enemy threw a few shells at the advance; several men wounded. On the 2nd my brigade took up position where they had driven the enemy from the day before; strong picket-line thrown out. The brigade then constituted the left flank of the Second Division. No move on the 3rd and 4th of the mouth. On the 5th orders were received to follow Colonel Strickland's brigade out on the road leading to Ruf's Station, on the railroad to Atlanta; marching one mile and a half I received orders to halt and await orders; about 5 o'clock I was ordered to go into camp near road. On the 6th my brigade marched promptly at the hour of 5, following Colonel Swaine's brigade on the road leading to Ruff's Station. Marching about five miles the command reached the station; went into camp in line of battle on the left of Colonel Swaine's brigade. No movements on the 7th of the mouth. On the 8th the Second Brigade marched from Ruff's Station, about eight miles, to Isham's Ferry, on the Chattahoochee River; took up position on the north side of their river, and to right of General Cooper's brigade, to protect the crossing of the Third Division, commanded by General Cox. On the 9th I received orders to march my brigade across to the south side of the Chattahoochee River, and take up position on the right of General Cox's division, with my right resting on the river and my left to connect with General Reilly's brigade of General Cox's division. I succeeded in getting the position with much trouble, on account of the

