
thick timber and underbrush. On the 10th I straightened my lines and advanced skirmish line forward; engaged the enemy's skirmishers; some men wounded. On the 11th strong works were erected on the position that the brigade had occupied the day before. A little skirmishing during the day; nothing done ont he 12th and 13th of the month. On the 14th the brigade moved out on the Island's Ferry road, taking the advance; changed direction to the left; marched about two miles, and took up position on the left of General Newton's division, on the Fourth Army Corps; no movements on the 15th and 16th.

On the 17th, in pursuance to orders received, my brigade, with tree days' rations, was on the march at the hour of 10, moving on the road leading to Cross Keys. Following said road about two miles, the brigade then changed direction to the right, taking a road leading to Atlanta. Marching about a mile, the brigade was then ordered into position on the left of General Cooper's brigade. At the same time they were placed in such position as to protect the left flank. On the 18th the brigade marched some six miles to Peach Tree Creek, going into position forming the reserve. Just before going into camp I was ordered to send a regiment down the right-hand road leading to the creek, and the regiment was ordered to take up position and form a connection, if possible, with Colonel Swaine's brigade, who was then in the front and on the right of the division. Lieutenant-Colonel Sherwood, commanding One hundred and eleventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, succeeded in making the connection. On the 19th the brigade crossed Peach Tree Creek, following the Fourth Brigade, commanded by Colonel Swaine, who had the advance, marching on the road leading from Cross Keys to Decatur. Advancing some five miles, the enemy showed himself by firing on the advanced guard of Colonel Swaine, giving him trouble. He formed his brigade in line of battle. My brigade then went into position on Colonel Swaine's right. Colonel Swaine soon drove them from behind their rail works and through Decatur. In pursuance to orders my brigade changed direction to the right, moving on the road leading from Decatur to Atlanta, up to the junction of the Decatur road and the road leading from Pace's Ferry. The brigade was then [ordered] into position. My skirmish line in advancing had but little opposition, meeting a few cavalry, who fled at the sight of the line. Not long after taking up position General Cox relieved me with a brigade of his division. Reporting the fact to General Hascall, commanding Second Division, he ordered me to mass my brigade at the junction of the Cross Keys, Decatur, and atlanta roads; remained there during the day and night. On the 20th, in pursuance to orders received to march on Atlanta, the brigade was in motion, leading the advance of the Second Division on the road to Atlanta. The brigade was halted, and while on the halt I received orders from General Hascall to take my brigade and report to Major-General Schofield, commanding the corps, when he ordered me to take a road leading to Pace's Ferry, and to move on it about half a mile, until I came to the junction of the roads (one leading direct to Atlanta), and I was to hold it until the Fourth Corps would make a junction with my brigade, who would relieve the brigade. Moving up said road the skirmish line struck the enemy's pickets which ere posted near the junction of the road that I was to go to. Re-enforcing my skirmish line I ordered them to advance. They drove

