
back the enemy's pickets, but were unable to compel the enemy to give up the junction of the roads, where he was in heavy force. I advanced my brigade in two lines of battle, engaged the enemy about eight minutes, driving him back in great confusion, taking possession of the junction of the roads. My brigade was ordered to make rail works as speedily as possible, for fear the enemy should re-enforce his line that had been driven back and attempt to draw my brigade from that position. Late in the evening the enemy attacked me in position, but they were hurled back with heavy loss. The loss in my command was not as heavy as that of the enemy. The Fourth Corps made a junction with me, but did not relieve me as was ordered; consequently, I was ordered to remain in said position until further orders.

On the 21st I remained in position; heavy skirmishing; several me killed and wounded. On the 22nd heavy skirmishing was kept up. Late in the night the enemy was discovered leaving their rifle-pits. My skirmish line advanced upon them, capturing a few prisoners, and occupied the works. I reported the facts to Major-General Schofield. He then ordered me to report to my division commander, General Hascall. I withdrew my brigade from this position, faced about, and moved back to the main road leading to Atlanta, on which the rest of the division was marching. Getting on the road, I soon closed the brigade up with the division, and reported to the division commander, who was then forming the two advanced brigades in front of the outer works around the city of Atlanta. He then ordered me to select a good place in rear; and my brigade would be in reserve. General McPherson having been attacked in the evening by a heavy force of the enemy, compelling him to fall back and swing his right back, disconnecting with the Twenty-third Army Corps, leaving a large gap, I then moved my brigade up and filled the gap. Several killed and wounded. On the 23rd I withdrew my brigade, and relieved Colonel Byrd's brigade, of the Third Division, who was on the right of Colonel Swaine's brigade, making connection with him. Upon relieving Byrd's brigade, I received orders to leave the position that I had relieved Byrd's from, and move my brigade back in the reserve and in rear of the Second Division. In reserve 24th to 31st, only furnishing skirmishers during those days, who were continually skirmishing day and night. Men were either killed or wounded almost every day.

About 10 o'clock on the night of August 1 my brigade withdrew from its position; marched back to the rear, following the artillery, going out one mile and a half from the position that the brigade was withdrawn from. Orders were received to halt and bivouac during the night. On the 2nd the brigade moved around to the right of the main army, following the artillery. Marching about eight miles, I was halted and put in position in rear of General Cooper's brigade, and on the left of Colonel Swaine's brigade. On the 3rd received orders from the general commanding he division to move my brigade in advance as far as Utoy Creek. Finding the enemy posted on the opposite side, I sent forward a regiment deployed as skirmishers to cross the creek and drive the enemy from the position and make a lodgment and protect the crossing until I could get the brigade over. Lieutenant Colonel B. P. Estes, commanding Thirteenth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, soon crossed his regiment and charged the enemy, and, driving them back, took up position until I could

