
cross the brigade, which was put into position at double-quick time to protect the crossing of the remaining brigades. General Cooper formed on my left, leaving my brigade on the right flank of the division. Lay in position on the 4th and 5th days of the mouth, skirmishing both days. On the 6th my brigade withdrew from the position on Utoy Creek, took the advance, and moved around on the right and reserve of General Cox's division. I was then ordered to take my command and make a reconnaissance out on a road leading to the right. In moving out on the road abut one mile and a half I ran upon the enemy's skirmishers posted in an open field. They were driven back into their works. Finding soon replied with artillery. I reconnoitered the works carefully and sent back a report to General Hascall what I had encountered. He then ordered me to hold my position until he could bring up another brigade. General Cooper was brought up and moved on my right and charged the enemy's flank. I took up position and intrenched during the night. On the 7th I received orders to send a regiment out, deployed as skirmishers, to make a reconnaissance for the purpose of determining what force the enemy had in his pits. The One hundred and eighteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, under command of Captain Sowers, was ordered to make the reconnaissance and advance, if he could, on the enemy's works.

The regiment moved forward, drove the enemy's right skirmish line out of his pits, and occupied them. Seeing that they had left the works, the brigade was ordered forward to the works, changed position to the left, swept down the enemy's works, took up position, and built works. General Cooper formed on my left and Colonel Strickland on my right, my position then being in the center of the division. On the 8th I received orders to follow Colonel Strickland's brigade, and to support him if necessary while he was crossing a branch of Utoy Creek. On the 9th I was ordered on the right of Colonel Strickland's brigade and to advance and guide by him. Advancing about half a mile, driving the enemy before us, we came in sight of the enemy's works. Went into position and remained until the 15th, when I was relieved of the command by Colonel Bond.

In closing the report I must notice the gallantry of the many officers and men composing the Second Brigade. Lieutenant-Colonel Sherwood, commanding One hundred and eleventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry; Lieutenant-Colonel Lowry, commanding the One hundred and seventh Illinois Volunteer Infantry; Lieutenant Colonel B. P. Estes, commanding Thirteenth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry; Captain Raymond, commanding the Twenty-third Michigan Volunteer Infantry; Captain Ragle, commanding Eightieth Indiana Volunteer Infantry; Captains Kennedy and Sowers, commanding the One hundred and eighteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry; all deserve much credit for the manner in which they handled their commands during the trying campaign.

My staff officer, Lieutenant Hubbell, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain G. A. Gallup, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Smith, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Clements and Surg. C. D. Moore; all deserve especial mention for their gallant and efficient services in the field.

