
have been made had we had forces disposable for pursuit and to obtain possession of the woods. The loss of the brigade was-killed, 3; wounded, 25; total, 28.

Remained in same position and near it until July 3. July 3, advanced with the division and took position about three miles south of Marietta. July 4, moved about two miles to the right and with the division took position in front of the enemy. July 5, the enemy having retired the night before, the brigade, with the division, moved in direction of Turner's Ferry on the Chattahoochee River and took position on a commanding ridge about two miles from the river. July 6, moved to the left, crossed the Nickajack Creek, and took position on the right of the Fourteenth Army Corps. On the 17th day of July the brigade, with the division, crossed the Chattahoochee River and bivouacked near Randall's plantation. July 18, moved to near Buck Head. July 19, in the evening, advanced to Peach Tree Creek. On the 20th day of July, about 7 a. m., the brigade, with the division, crossed Peach Tree Creek, advanced about one mile, and massed on left and in advance of position occupied by the Fourteenth Corps. About 3 o'clock in the afternoon, and while dispositions were being made to drive the enemy from a line of rail breast-works covering the road to Atlanta, the enemy commenced a general attack along the line of the corps. Major Lathrop Baldwin, One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers, a brave and faithful officer, commanding the skirmish line of the brigade, was mortally wounded while attempting to check the advance of the enemy. In accordance with orders received from Brigadier-General Williams, commanding the division, I placed the brigade in position in reserve, relieving Colonel Moore's brigade, of the Fourteenth Corps, from a line of partially constructed breast-works, and at once used every means to strengthen the line and extend it to the left to be used in case the line in front of us, composed of the First and Third Brigades of the division, should be forced. During the action three companies from the One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers, under command of Major Alfred B. Smith, moved forward and occupied a gap in the first line. The Twenty-seventh Indiana Volunteers, Colonel Colgrove, moved forward on the right of the First Brigade, taking position covering the flank. The action continued until dusk and resulted in the complete repulse of the enemy at all points. The loss of the brigade was-killed, 7; wounded, 30; missing, 2; total, 39. On the 22nd day of July, the enemy having fallen back from our front during the night, the brigade, with the division, advanced and took position in front of the enemy's main line of defenses about Atlanta, and constructed breast-works about 500 yards from the enemy's position. The brigade occupied this position, the right resting on the railroad and crossing the main road from Marietta to Atlanta, until August 25. The line was advanced during this time to within 350 yards from the enemy's main line. On the 30th day of July the picket-line of the division was advanced with supports, the picket-line of the division was advanced with supports, the picket-line of this brigade being supported by the Second Massachusetts Volunteers. The greater part of the enemy's picket was captured, and the position held. A line of breast-works was constructed on the position for the protection of our skirmishers. This was within about 250 yards of the enemy's front of the road, the fire of which was silenced by a regiment firing through the embrasures during the progress of the work. This duty was as trying to the troops as an ordinary action. If the fire by the regimental at the embrasures slackened, the enemy immediately took advantage to fire grape into

