
pickets in our front. Company I was on picket the preceding night, and in the general advance in the morning they were thrown in front of Third Division, where they remained engaged until after dark, when they returned much fatigued but with no casualties during the day. May 15, early this morning we were ordered to the rear; drew rations and rested until 12am., when we followed the Twentieth Corps to the left in rear of Fourteenth and Fourth Corps, and at 4 p. m. were formed in rear of Twentieth Corps, near the railroad, to render any assistance needed by the Twentieth Corps, but as they were adequate to the task of turning the enemy's right, we were not called into action, and at dark laid down and rested for the night, only being aroused once by the enemy trying to retake a fort captured by General Hooker during the afternoon. May 16, during last night the enemy evacuated their position at Resaca and retreated toward Cassville. By 8 a. m. we were on the road in pursuit and marched all day toward Cassville without coming up with the enemy; camped at 11 p. m. in a wood near a fine spring. May 17, moved at 11 a. m. and took the road leading to the left of Cartersville, Ga., and at 3 p. m. camped near the crossing of Cassville and Rome highways. The One hundred and seventh Illinois was thrown out as picket. I placed four companies on the three main roads a few hundred yards in advance and barricaded the reserve at the forks of the road, but was not molested during the night. At 10 p. m. I received an order of General Judah turning over the command of Second Division of Twenty-third Army Corps to Brigadier-General Hascall, and at 3 next morning received an order from General Hascall announcing that he had that day assumed command of Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, and that Colonel John R. Bond, of One hundred and eleventh Ohio Infantry Volunteers, would assume command of Second Brigade of Second Division of Twenty-third Army Corps.

During the few days of which the foregoing is a history, the officers and men of the One hundred and seventh Illinois performed the duties required of them satisfactory to me, and I hope to my superior officers, showing a devotion to the cause and a stoical bravery commendable to every one of them, and leading me to believe that by proper management and skillful handling they will maintain the honor of their flag, their State, and their country, and carve a name for themselves equal to that of the many brave regiments from our own as well as all the States beneath the protection of our revered banner.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. M. LAURANCE,

Major 107th Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers.

Captain ED. R. KERSTETTER,

Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 23rd Army Corps.
HDQRS. 107TH REGIMENT ILLINOIS INFANTRY, VOLS.,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 15, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I respectfully submit the following as the report of the actions of the One hundred and seventh Illinois Volunteer Infantry for the time I was in command, from the 18th day of May,

