
advanced and open a brisk fire, and ordered Captain Camp, Company H, of the reserve, to deploy his company on the left of the line and prevent the enemy from turning our left. I also moved Company I, of the reserve, toward the left, with instructions to strengthen the line in front, or, in case the enemy still flanked us on the left, to deploy on the left of the line and extend the left of his line well toward the barricade, and then swing his left out as far as he could and drive them back beyond our flank. I also took the remaining company in the reserve, Company D, and placed them at the forks of the road a few yards in rear of our center, and threw up a small barricade of logs as a defense. I also sent orders to the four companies on the right to keep a strict guard over their front, and the company commander of the company on the left of this line to withdraw the left of his line and face them toward the front occupied by the companies of his left, thereby strengthening his left flank. After making this disposition of my forces, made necessary by receiving an attack from a direction in which Colonel Bond informed me our cavalry were camped, I returned to the front and fund that Captain Milholland was sorely pressed by a heavy lien of skirmishers, and in their rear I could see another line of skirmishers moving to our left. To check this movement I went to Captain Lowry, Company I, to order him to deploy on the extreme left of my line, but found him briskly engaged with Companies A and H on the left, and to liberate his company I ordered the left companies to charge across a hollow in their front and assume the position occupied at daylight. This order was promptly executed, but before I could get Company I withdrawn from the line and deployed on the left, the enemy charged us again, and, turning our left as before, and wounding several men behind their barricades, I, in order to save my men from being swept out and captured, ordered them to fall back to the second ridge, in executing which I had 1 man killed and 4 wounded, 2 mortally. I then ordered Captain Lowry, Company I, to fight his men in their present position, and deployed a part of Company D, of the reserve on the right, to support Company G. With these re-enforcements the line was able to maintain its present position against the heavy odds hurled against it. I soon discovered he line which had moved to my left advancing, and to meet them I had to withdrawn my left companies once more to present a front to the enemy. I here sen toward to the rear that my left was turned and that the enemy's skirmishers were supported by a line of battle, which now could be seen several hundred yards to our front and left. Our present position being a good one, I determined to hold it, and not try to gain the one occupied in the morning until I receive re-enforcements on the left.

At 11 a. m. the Twenty-third Michigan advanced on our left, with four companies deployed as skirmishers, and four companies in column by division as a reserve. As soon as their skirmishers reached the left of my line, I ordered my line forward and swung out to our old position of the morning, but the skirmishers of the Twenty-third Michigan being flanked on the left, had to retire, and in so doing exposed my left once more, and I was again compelled to order a retrograde movement. The Twenty-third Michigan formed their line on a prolongation of mine and held their position for an hour, when the One hundred and eleventh Ohio was thrown forward on the line occupied by my four right companies, which had not been engaged during the day. But in swinging to their position their

