
left, Company F, passed in rear of my right center and presented the left flank of their regiment to the enemy, and in a few moments lost 10 men wounded and 1 killed. When the One hundred and eleventh occupied the line on my right liberated my four right companies, and they reported immediately to me. I deployed two of these on the line already engaged, and with the others built a strong barricade on the road near our center. At this moments we heard the bugles of Wood's division, of Four Army Corps, on our left, and as we could see the enemy's main line retiring, we advanced our left, gained and held our old position on the morning with but a slight struggle. In a few minutes Wood's division passed us, sweeping all before it. In a short time we were ordered back to barricades to draw rations and get supper, but before we had rested many minutes fell in again and advanced to the front, and took position close to the enemy's main works, built barricades and prepared for a vigorous defense of our position. During the night our works were charged by the enemy, but a few well-directed volleys soon put them on the retired list.

The casualties during the day were as follows, viz:*

During the engagement to day Captain Milholand, who had charge of the left companies, displayed much ability as a skirmish commander and great courage under trying circumstances, and merited the approbation of all.

Captain Cresap and Lieutenant Hummel, Company C, were both in the hottest part of the line, and by their exertions in covering their men and holding them to the work, prevented the left from becoming demoralized under the heavy cross-fire to which they were subjected.

Captain Lowry, Company I, displayed his usual candid bravery and coolness in action, and indeed the officers engaged, save one, merited the approbation of their superiors in command, while the men of the companies engaged evidenced a degree of coolness and determination that was the admiration of their commanders.

On the morning of the 28th of May Colonel Lowry assumed command of the regiment, having returned from sick leave.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. M. LAURANCE,

Major 107th Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers.

Lieutenant S. H. HUBBELL,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 23rd Army Corps.

Numbers 328.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Francis H. Lowry, One hundred and seventh Illinois Infantry, of operations August 15-September 8.
HDQRS. 107TH REGIMENT ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLS.,Decatur, Ga., September 8, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the One hundred and seventh Illinois Volunteers from the 15th of August to the 8th day of September, 1864:

On the 15th of August the One hundred and seventh Illinois Volunteers occupied a position southwest of Atlanta, near the enemy's

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 man killed and 11 men wounded.

---------------

40 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT II

