
position; remained here until 28th of August, the moved with the brigade in the direction of the West Point railroad; arrived there on the 31st.

On the morning of the 3rd moved to the Macon railroad and encamped for the night. On the 4th moved to a position near Lovejoy's. At this place the enemy had taken up position; remained here until the evening of the 6th, when we started for Decatur, Ga., arriving on the 8th instant.

During this time we had 2 men wounded, William Lockwell and E. Sylvester.

Very respectfully,

F. H. LOWRY,

Lieutenant-Colonel 107th Illinois.

Lieutenant S. H. HUBBELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 329.

Reports of Major John W. Tucker, Eightieth Indiana Infantry, of operations may 23-august 1 and August 28-September 1.
HDQRS. EIGHTIETH INDIANA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., August 22, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report from May 17, 1864, to August 22, 1864:

On the morning of the 23rd of May we struck tents at Casville, Ga., and commenced the pursuit of Johnston's retreating forces. The command marched to Dallas Hills without opposition. On morning of the 26th the enemy was found in position. The First Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, was on the extreme left. We then moved forward about two miles, when our skirmishers met the enemy's skirmishers. A brisk firing commenced and continued for two hours, then a reconnaissance was ordered. The First Brigade then moved forward, driving the rebel skirmishers into their works. My regiment was in the second line, and only had a few men engaged on the skirmish line, but lay under a heavy fire from the rebels for two hours. Captain Mosier and Private James Lavley, Company B, were wounded. On the morning of the 27th the First Brigade was ordered to move to the left to support General Wood. We reached the position of General Wood's about 2 p. m. My regiment was ordered to take position on the right and rear of General Wood's to protect his flank. There I lay until 8 p. m., under a heavy fire from the enemy's guns. At 8 p. m. General Hazen relieved the First Brigade. General McLean, commanding First Brigade, fell back tot he rear to replenish haversacks, as we had nothing to eat for twenty-four hours. On the 28th, at 3 a. m., the enemy was found trying to break the lines between General Wood and Hascall. General McLEan moved forward, attacked and drove the enemy back, closed up the gap, and took position in 500 yards of the enemy's works. Here my regiment skirmished with the enemy until the evening of the 29th, when the command was ordered to Burnt Hickory to protect a supply train that was threatened by rebel cavalry.

