
On the 4th of June rejoined the division. My regiment was here transferred from the First to the Second Brigade, commanded by Colonel Bond, One hundred and eleventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry. On the 9th of June a reconnaissance was ordered to be made in the direction of Lost Mountain, in which the Eightieth did its full share. On the 10th moved forward and took position to the left of Lost Mountain, within 500 yards of the enemy's works, continually skirmishing with the rebels until the 15th, when an advance was ordered, and as I was in command on the skirmish line, I can tell nothing of the actions of the regiment that day, but know that it was all that could be expected. Nothing of interest occurred from the 15th to the 22d. On the 23rd my regiment was ordered forward into position on the right of the Twentieth Corps.

Here permit me to speak of the brave and gallant conduct of Captain Jacob Ragle (Company K) and D. C. Ashby, first lieutenant Company H, who had charge of my skirmishers, who bravely held the enemy in check until the regiment could get in position and throw up temporary breast-works. Here at this point my regiment skirmished with the enemy up to the morning of the 26th, when I was ordered to guard a supply train to Acworth. At Acworth, Big Shanty, and Marietta, I was retained on guard duty until the 15th of July. then I rejoined the brigade at the mouth of Soap Creek. On the 17th an advance was ordered to move forward in direction of Decatur, met with no opposition except a few rebel cavalry. On the 19th met a heavy rebel force; attacked and drove them beyond Decatur, losing a few men wounded.

Here I wish to speak of the efficient, brave, and gallant conduct of First Lieutenant Isum Gwin, Company D, who had charge of the skirmish line of my regiment. He drove the rebels, having to advance through a field under a galling fire, yet with that courage rare and only belonging to the brave, led forward his men, being present at all times where most needed, steadily driving the enemy, killing and wounding many, proving himself on this occasion, as on every other, worthy of a better position. On the 20th we moved to the right of Decatur, engaged the enemy, drove them about one mile and a half, skirmishing with them nearly all day. Here that brave and gallant officer, Captain Mosier, proved himself, as on all other occasions, an officer worthy of the name of soldier. He commanded the skirmish line during the day, watched his position with zeal that is seldom found. Being present in front of the line at all times when most needed, exhibiting a courage rare when the rebels advanced in force again this weak lien of skirmishers, he held them in check for some time. When compelled to fall back he did so exposing himself to the greatest danger, his line suffering severely in killed and wounded. Re-enforcements soon came up, then he soon regained his position and held it during the day. On the morning of the 22d, at 3 a. m., it was found that the rebels had evacuated their works and retreated in the direction of Atlanta. Early the same morning I received orders to march in the direction of Atlanta; came up with the rebels about 10 a. m.; the army took position; my regiment in the reserve, where we lay, being exposed continually to the enemy's shells. On the 28th I was ordered to make a reconnaissance and ascertain their position and strength. I moved forward about one mile, attacked and drove in the rebel skirmishers, pressed close up to the works; found them strongly intrenched, receiving a heavy

