
fire in front and from the right and left. I found that I could not live there, and having accomplished all that I was ordered, I gave orders to fall back.

Here I wish to take this occasion to speak of the gallant conduct of Captain J. C. Gladish, Company G, who had charge of the skirmish line, leading his men up against a heavy fire right to the rebel works. Especially I wish to notice the conduct of First Lieutenant Bailey McConnell, Company K, who, on that occasion, as on every other, showed himself worthy of the commendation of this commanding officer. When the firing commenced the enemy poured a heavy cross-fire into my left, which for a moment caused some confusion, which might have proved serious, but that even watchful, efficient and brave officer, Lieutenant McConnell, Company K, like lightning sprung and met the shock, and with his assistance I soon restored order. I then sent him to Captain Gladish, where he remained until we reached our works, exposing himself to the greatest danger watching and keeping the men to their place, proving himself not only worthy, but really merits a better position.

Nothing further of interest occurred up to the 1st of August, when the command was ordered to the right, and on the 1st of August I took sic and was unable to remain; I therefore assigned the command to that brave and efficient officer, Captain Jacob Ragle, who has on many hard-fought battle-fields proved himself a brave and efficient officer. I returned August 12, and from the 1st to the 12th I know nothing, but the report of Captain Ragle is herewith appended, as follows.* This includes the time for which Colonel Hobson was commanding brigade.

In conclusion, I will not forget to speak of Lieutenant James E. Walker, Company B, and Lieutenant Epperson, Company F, and Lieutenant Slack, Company I, and Sergeants Lamb, Mayfield, Kirk, and McConnell, who commanded Companies A, C, E, and H. They have commanded their respective companies in a manner that has won the admiration and respect of their commanding officer, and he taken great pleasure in saying that they justly merit a commission.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. TUCKER,

Major, Commanding Eightieth Indiana Volunteers.

Lieutenant S. H. HUBBELL,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 23rd Army Corps.

P. S.-Casualties during the time: Commissioned officers wounded, 2; enlisted men killed, 2; wounded, 10; captured, 5; total enlisted men, 17; commissioned officers, 2.
HDQRS. EIGHTIETH INDIANA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Decatur, Ga., September 10, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the report of the operations of my regiment from the 28th day of August to the 8th of September, 1864:

On the evening of the 28th we moved out in the direction of Jonesborough and reached the Mount Gilead Church about 12 o'clock at night, where we bivouacked for the night. At 10 a. m. on the 29th

---------------

*See p. 629.

---------------

