
we moved forward about two miles and went into camp. At 11 a. m. on the 30th we moved forward until we struck the Montgomery railroad, when we came in contact with rebel cavalry, drove them about a mile, when a line of battle was formed and temporary works thrown up. On the 31st we moved forward to within about one mile of the Macon railroad, where we formed a line of battle and threw up works.

On the 1st of September we moved forward, struck the Macon road destroying some distance of the road, and then moved forward about two miles and camped for the night. On the 2nd we took up our line of march in the direction of Lovejoy's Station and continued the march until we reached the rebel line of works three miles east of Lovejoy's Station, where we took up position within 500 yards of the enemy's works, where we lay, continually skirmishing with the enemy, until the evening of the 5th, when we received orders to leave our works and move back in the direction of Decatur. We left our works the move no casualties occurred.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. TUCKER,

Major Eightieth Indiana Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant S. H. HUBBELL,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 23rd Army Corps.

Numbers 330.

Report of Captain Jacob Ragle, Eightieth Indiana Infantry, of operations August 1-12.

SIR: I have the honor to report the operations of the command during the time I was in command:

On the morning of the 2nd of August we moved to the extreme right and took position on the right of the Fourteenth Corps. On the 3d, about 12 o'clock, we were ordered forward and to take possession of a high ridge, then occupied by the enemy. My regiment being on the extreme left, I was ordered to cross a ravine and hold a point, which I did, driving the rebels from their strong position, capturing 1 prisoner. Being relieved by a regiment of Colonel Swaine's brigade, I resumed my position on the left of the brigade; threw up works under a heavy fire from the rebel artillery, 1 severely wounded. On the 14th of June I received orders to have the muster and pay rolls made out, which I caused to be done, although commandants of companies had to work at them i the ditches, for the enemy was shelling our position with great spirit. On the morning of the 6th we moved one mile to the right, and advanced forward about one mile, took position on a ridge, and spent very nearly the entire night in fortifying. On the 7th, about 1 p. m., we advanced our lines one mile, driving the enemy, forcing him to abandon his works, and taking possession of the same. We advanced about half a mile farther and threw up works. Having just finished and laid aside our tools to take a little sleep and rest, orders came to change the direction of the line. The order was received at dark. Although the men hungry, sleepy, and worn down from excessive works, still with a will and cheerfulness worthy of their profession,

