
the ranks. The Second Massachusetts Volunteers was relieved from this duty by the Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers, and it by the Twenty-seventh Indiana Volunteers. The losses of the brigade on this day were-killed, 4; wounded, 39; total, 43.

On the night of the 25th day of August the brigade, with the division, moved back to the Chattahoochee River and took position on the south side of the river near the railroad bridge, and at once constructed breast-works. It remained in this position, with the division, covering the bridges across the Chattahoochee at that point, during the movement of the main army to the southwest and south of Atlanta.

On the 2nd day of September the brigade entered Atlanta, which was occupied by the Twentieth Corps, the enemy having evacuated it the previous night. During all the time from the 13th day of May until the 26th day of August the brigade has been continually in front of the enemy. In addition tot he losses from battle there has been a constant drain from losses occurring from day to day on the skirmish line, and frequently on the main line, which has almost always been within musket-range of the enemy's line. The hardships of he campaign have ben borne by the command with fortitude, and duty rendered cheerfully. Among the dead are many whose loss, both as soldiers and men, is deeply felt by the command. There were present with me during the campaign of my staff-Captain William Ruger, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, who was severely wounded at the battle near Dallas, Ga., on the 25th of May and incapacitated thereby for further duty during the campaign; Captain Platt M. Thorne, One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain James G. Knight, commissary of subsistence of volunteers; Captain Edward P. Graves, assistant quartermaster of volunteers; Captain Josiah C. Williams, Twenty-seventh Indiana Volunteers, provost-marshal; First Lieutenant George L. Binney, Second Massachusetts Volunteers, aide-de-camp; Second Lieutenant Edwin G. Fay, One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers, aide-de-camp, who reported to me June 2, and Lieutenant Russell M. Tuttle, One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers, acting assistant topographical engineer. Each and all were efficient and zealous in the discharge of duty. To Captain Thorne I am under obligations for services, not pertaining to his particular department, rendered on every battle-field, always cheerfully, efficiently, and bravely, and also to Lieutenant Tuttle for similar services rendered under like circumstances. There were present for duty in the brigade on the 28th day of April, aggregate, 2,763. Loss by casualties during the campaign, aggregate, 771. Loss by discharge on expiration of term of service-Second Massachusetts Infantry, 315; Third Wisconsin Veteran Volunteers, 157; Twenty-seventh Indiana Veteran Volunteers, 251; total, 723. Gain by recruits, 370. Present for duty in the brigade on September 2, 1,755. Accompanying this report are the reports of commanders of regiments, to which reports I ask reference for the details of the operations of the respective regiments.

A list of casualties is hereto appended.*

THOMAS H. RUGER,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain S. E. PITTMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, 20th Army Corps.

---------------

*Embodied in William's report, p. 37.

---------------

