
they went to work, and completed the works about 2 p. m. On the 8th we advanced about half a mile; commenced works. Scarcely had we done so when an advance was ordered. We went forward about half a mile, and threw up another line of works. On the morning of the 9th we advanced about one mile, driving the enemy before us into their main works, and came in range of their forts. Here we threw up a line of heavy works. On the 10th we changed direction of the line, changed front forward on tenth company by left half wheel, and threw up another line of heavy works. 11th and 12th, we remained in these works.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JACOB RAGLE,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant S. H. HUBBELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 331.

Report of Colonel Charles A. Zollinger, One hundred and twenty-ninth Indiana Infantry, of operations August 15-September 8.
HDQRS. 129TH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Decatur, Ga., September 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command during the time commencing the 15th of August and ending September 8, 1864:

Remained in old position until August 18, 1864; moved at 1 p. m. about half a mile in the rear of Eightieth Indiana, and occupied part of General Cox's works; moved farther to the right about one-fourth of a mile; at 5 p. m. took position in the rear of the Twenty-third Michigan and remained there until morning of the 19th, then marched tot he right in rear of the Eightieth Indiana and returned to our old position late in the evening, having marched about three miles; remained in camp until morning of the 20th, marched to the right about 8 a. m. in rear of One hundred and eleventh Ohio, three miles and a half, returned to our old position, and arrived at 8 p. m.; remained there until evening of the 26th, then marched in rear of Thirteenth kentucky about one mile to build works and returned same night and remained in camp until 5 p. m. of the 28th, then marched to the right about three miles in rear of the Eightieth Indiana and occupied old works; remained there until 2 p. m. of the 30th, then marched to the right about two miles, built works, and remained until 6 a. m. of the 30th of August, then marched half a mile and stacked arms and remained until 12 m., then marched about four miles in a southeasterly direction, crossed the Montgomery railroad, took position in rear of One hundred and eleventh Ohio, and remained until morning of the 31st; marched at daylight in rear of Eightieth Indiana about two miles, halted, stacked arms, and remained about two hours, then marched in a southeasterly direction two miles and took possession of rebel works, which we occupied until the morning of the 1st of September; moved at 6 a. m. about five miles and struck the Macon railroad, took position on the right of the brigade, stacked arms, and destroyed the track,

