
then moved three miles in direction of Jonesborough and encamped in a large field in rear of Eightieth Indiana; remained until morning of the 2d; marched at 9 a. m. in rear of Eightieth Indiana about seven miles and took position on left of One hundred and seventh Illinois, advanced in line of battle about quarter of a mile, halted, and stacked arms; remained until September 3; received orders at 3 p. m. to change position and build works on the left of the Twenty-third Michigan; remained, there until September 5; moved at 8 p. m., in rear of Eightieth Indiana, in the direction of Atlanta; marched all night, and went into camp at 8 a. m. September 6, remained in camp until morning of September 7, then marched in the direction of Atlanta, in rear of Eightieth Indiana, about 12 miles, encamped at 6 p. m.; marched at 7.30 a. m., September 8, in direction of Decatur; arrived at Decatur about 1 p. m. and went into camp.

I have the honor to state that the officers and men of my command discharged every duty assigned them cheerfully and promptly, and well deserve the title of true soldiers and devoted friends of our country.

I herewith inclose a full list of casualties from August 15 to September 8, 1864.*

I remain, your obedient servant,

C. A. ZOLLINGER,

Colonel, Commanding 129th Regiment Indiana Vols.

Colonel BOND,

Commanding Second Brigadier, Second Div., 23rd Army Corps.

Numbers 332.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin P. Estes, Thirteenth Kentucky Infantry, of operations June 18-September 8.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH KENTUCKY VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Near Atlanta, Ga., July 31, 1864.

SIR: Colonel William E. Hobson being ordered to take command of the Second Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, on the 18th day of June, 1864, I assumed command of the regiment. For several days after I took command we had continued heavy rains, causing the regiment to suffer very much from the exposure. We were then on the extreme right wing of the army in front of Kenesaw Mountain, Ga. On the morning of the 22nd we commenced advancing, skirmishing with the enemy. On the 26th Captain Victor was dangerously wounded, from which he has since died. Several men were wounded the same day. On the morning of the 26th of June my regiment advanced in front of the skirmish line and threw up earth-works in advance of and to the left of the One hundred and seventh Illinois Infantry, our skirmishers being ordered to make a demonstration on the enemy's works on the morning of the 27th of June. Captain Butler was killed and several men were wounded near the enemy's skirmish line. From June the 27th to the 30th the regiment lay on the front line behind works in comparative safety, occasionally getting a man wounded. During the night of June 30 it was relieved by a portion of the Twentieth Army Corps.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 4 men wounded.

---------------

