
On the 1st day of July the regiment moved south with the division on the Sandtown road about five miles, skirmishing with the enemy during the afternoon. On the 3rd day of July, in obedience to orders from brigade headquarters, the regiment made a reconnaissance east to Nickajack Creek, meeting the enemy in force. In obedience to instructions I withdrew. On the 9th day of July the regiment crossed to the south side of Chattahoochee River with the division at Isham's Ferry, Ga. On the 17th of July we commenced moving south on the Decatur road, arriving at Decatur on he 19th day of July, after skirmishing some with the enemy. On the 20th of July moved out on the Atlanta road, meeting the enemy in force. My regiment was ordered to the support of the skirmish line, one company being ordered to the right of the skirmish line of the Twenty-third Army Corps to make connection with the Fourth Army Corps on the west bank of one of the branches of Peach Tree Creek. This company drove the enemy handsomely before them, taking possession of the Johnson mansion, holding it until the skirmishers of the First Division, Fourth Army Corps, came up to its support. At the same [time] two other companies were having a sharp skirmish, in connection with the skirmishers from the other regiments of the brigade, losing some wounded and establishing the skirmish line in a strong position connecting with the Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, and First Division, Fourth Army Corps. At night I was relieved, and my regiment was permitted to lie in reserve until the 22nd of July. The enemy having evacuated their first line of works, and our division advancing, we were ordered to the support of a battery on the right of the Fifteenth Army Corps, which was threatened by the enemy, who were having a desperate encounter with the Army of the Tennessee to our left. During this Captain Twyman was severely wounded in the arm. The regiment also sustained some other losses in wounded. The night was spent in throwing up strong earth-works, in order to meet an expected attack on the following morning. On the morning of July 23 the regiment was relieved and has since been lying in reserve.

During the period that I have commanded the regiment I can truly compliment every officer and soldier of the regiment for his faithful performances of duty when required, and can safely rely upon them in any emergency common to war. I regret exceedingly the loss the regiment has sustained in officers and men, but have the consolation of knowing that they were nobly doing their duty.

Appended I annex a list of casualties.*

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. P. ESTES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Thirteenth Kentucky.

Lieutenant S. H. HUBBELL,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 23rd Army Corps.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH KENTUCKY VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., August 13, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Thirteenth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry in the field,

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

