
before Atlanta, Ga., during the period from August 1 to August 12, 1864; inclusive:

On the 1st day of August, 1864, my regiment with its corps was lying on the extreme left wing of the army. At dark it had orders to strike tents and be ready to move, which it did, camping that night in the rear of the Fourth Corps. Continuing the march August 2, it halted at night on the extreme right wing of the army, camping for the night in the rear of the Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps. At 1 o'clock August 3 I was ordered to get my regiment in readiness to take the advance of the division deployed as skirmishers. As soon as I could do so I deployed the regiment in the rear of the picket-line of the Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps. Moving forward under fire of the enemy, who were well posted on a ridge immediately in my front, to my surprise I found a deep mill pond in my front that caused me to halt for some time, but I finally effected a crossing by wading at a point where the water for twenty paces was about three feet deep, and then through a muddy swamp for sixty yards. Getting across, I soon got my command deployed again and drove the enemy's skirmishers from their position on the ridge; then advanced my line half a mile forward. In the mean time the First Brigade of the Second Division took position on my left. My command was relieved at 11 p. m. by a portion of the Fourteenth Army Corps. I was then assigned to a position in the rear and reserve, at which place my command lay until August 6, when the division moved to the right of the Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps. Meeting the enemy, I was ordered to get my regiment in position to support a piece of artillery which had opened on the enemy. When in this position my command was very much exposed to the artillery fire of the enemy and suffered some loss. At night I was ordered into position and dug rifle-pits, my men working nearly all night in the rain. At 1 p. m. August 7 the enemy having evacuated their first line of works, I was ordered to move with the brigade. At 4 p. m. I was placed in position and ordered to dig rifle-pits as speedily as possible. At dark I was ordered to change my position; doing so, I dug a new line of rifle-pits. August 8, moved off to the right and took position for the night and threw up barricades. August 9, moved still farther to the right and took position on a ridge to the right of the Third Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps. Getting into position, I had a good line of works thrown up. I still lie at this point, being exposed to the enemy's sharpshooters, who annoy the men very much, sometimes wounding them. We are also very much exposed to shells, which, however, have not done us any damage yet. Since the 1st day of August my regiment has lost 1 man killed, 2 officers shocked by shells, and 7 men wounded. When in action my officers and men ever display the coolness of veterans, and merit the highest eulogiums that I can bestow on them.

On the next page I append a list of casualties.*

Respectfully,

B. P. ESTES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant S. H. HUBBELL,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 23rd Army Corps.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

