HDQRS. THIRTEENTH KENTUCKY VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Decatur, Ga., September 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit for your consideration a report of the operations of my command in the field, before Atlanta, Ga., from the 15th day of August, 1864, to the present date:

During the period I have obeyed all orders given me, taking part in the movement to Lovejoy's Station, Ga., and assisted in tearing up the Macon railroad on the 1st day of September, 1864.

I have no casualties to report among the men and officers serving with my command, but will take occasion to mention the loss of Captain G. A. Gallup, who was serving as assistant inspector-general, Second Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps; he was a faithful and excellent officer and highly esteemed by the men and officers of his regiment. During the night of September 4 I was ordered to escort the remains of Captain Gallup to Atlanta. I obeyed the order and rejoined my command at Decatur, Ga., on the 8th day of September, 1864. The men of my command have done their duty well and obeyed all orders with alacrity.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. P. ESTES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant S. H. HUBBELL,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 23rd Army Corps.

Numbers 333.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Oliver L. Spaulding, Twenty-third Michigan Infantry, of operations May 6-June 19.
HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD MICHIGAN VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Cartersville, Ga., May 21, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken in the operations of the enemy by the regiment under my command from the time of entering Georgia, May 6, to May 18, 1864:

Breaking camp at Georgia State line on the morning of May 7, the regiment moved with the command to which it was attached in the direction of Buzzard Roost, and on the afternoon of the 8th found the enemy strongly intrenched at Rocky Face, some six miles north of Dalton. I immediately went on picket with my entire regiment, from which I was relieved at noon the following day and rejoined the brigade, which was already formed in front of our picket-line and advancing through a belt of woods upon the enemy's works. Arriving within 300 yards, orders were received to prepare to assault them, but soon after they were countermanded and the men slept on their arms, and the next morning the entire command retired to its original position. On the morning of the 14th, having moved from our former position by way of Snake Creek Gap on the 12th, we were in front of the enemy at Resaca, and 12.30 p. m. we were ordered to advance. Moving over a succession of wooded ridges, made more difficult by a dense growth of underbrush, we first came in sight of the enemy's works on reaching the crest of a hill separated from his position by an open field through which ran a creek skirted by vines and thick bushes. This hill,

