
nearly perpendicular on the side toward the enemy, was heavily wooded to its base. My regiment, in the formation of the brigade, occupied the left of the second line, but on reaching the open field I found myself in the first line, the regiment in advance, the Forty-fifth Ohio having entirely disappeared. Moving rapidly across the open field exposed to a heavy fire from the enemy's batteries, I ordered the men to take such shelter as the banks of the creek afforded. Having received no orders to assault the enemy's works, which it would have been madness to have attempted unsupported as I was, and finding my regiment being badly cut up to no purpose, I gave the order to retire and form upon the hill we had just left. While reforming orders were received, from General Judah commanding the division, to renew the assault; the order was countermanded a short time after I had returned with Major Wheeler and forty men to the field a little to the right of our former position, and where we were partially covered by the bushes skirting the creek. After returning the regiment was reformed in rear of the hill and remained during the night. On the morning of the 14th we were relieved and did not participate in the action of that day. On the morning of the 16 the moved in pursuit of the enemy, which was continued during the remaining time covered by this report. I went into action with less than 300 muskets, one company being on picket and not engaged.

I transmit herewith a list of the killed and wounded.* Among the killed was First Lieutenant William C. Stewart, a brave and valuable officer.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. L. SPAULDING,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain E. R. KERSTETTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.
HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD MICHIGAN VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Near Marietta, Ga., June 20, 1864.

SIR: Pursuant to orders of the colonel commanding, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the regiment under my command from the 18th of May last to the 19th of June:

May 19, the regiment moved with the command to which it was attached from near Big Springs to near Cassville, and the nest night encamped near Cartersville, where we remained till the morning of the 23d. May 23, moved to our right, and on the morning of the 24th crossed the Etowah River on pontoons laid by the Twentieth Corps, and on which they had previously crossed. Moving up the left bank of the river, we met and skirmished with a small body of the enemy. May 25, moved on Burnt Hickory road and encamped near Pumpkin Vine Creek. At 2 a. m. of 26th crossed the Pumpkin Vine and advanced about three miles in line of battle over a very broken and thickly-wooded country. On the morning of the 27th I received orders from colonel commanding to move with my regiment into a piece of woods in our front and find the enemy. We soon met

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 officer and 11 men killed and 1 officer and 46 men wounded; total, 59.

---------------

