
their skirmishers and were engaged with them at times quite sharply, losing several men, till ordered to rejoin the brigade and take position in front of the main works of the enemy. Here we threw up works and remained constantly skirmishing till the evening of June 1, when we were relieved and ordered to move to our left at daylight the next morning.

June 2, advanced with the brigade in a heavy rain-storm upon what proved to be the rebel night, turning it and occupying a position which forced them to retire, which they did in the night of the 3d. From this time until the 9th we lay in the Marietta and Burnt Hickory road, near Allatoona Church. On the 9th accompanied the brigade in a reconnaissance of the enemy's position in front of Lost Mountain; returned to camp the same night, moving, however, on the 10th and going into position near the scene of operations of the day previous. Remained here till the 15th, when we moved to the left, driving the enemy some two miles, occupying and passing through his first line of works and taking position in front of his main works to the left of Lost Mountain. Remained here skirmishing constantly till the evening of the 16th, when moved a short distance to the left and threw up works. On the morning of the 17th, the enemy having left our immediate front, we advanced through his deserted works, driving his skirmishers before us some two miles, our lines swinging around to the left, so that at night we were southwest of Kenesaw and nearer it that Lost Mountain. Remained in camp on the 18th, advancing on the 19th on the Sandtown road and going into position a short distance to the right of the Marietta road.

The casualties in the regiment during the time covered by this report were: Killed, 1; missing, 3; wounded, 10; a list of which I herewith transmit.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. L. SPAULDING,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant C. MONTGOMERY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 334.

Report of Major William W. Wheeler, Twenty-third Michigan Infantry, of operations August 17-September 8.
HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD MICHIGAN INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Decatur, Ga., September 9, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that on the 16th day of August last this regiment was relieved from duty as provost-guard at headquarters Army of the Ohio and joined the Second Brigade. Since then it has participated in the movements of the brigade and army as follows:

On the 17th August the regiment went into position to the west of Utoy Creek before Atlanta on the right and to the front of the brigade and threw up breast-works. On the 18th and 19th of August it took part in reconnaissances beyond the extreme right of our army

---------------

*List omitted.

---------------

