
toward the West Point railroad. The regiment remained in the position above mentioned until the 28th of August, at which time it moved toward the west and south, reaching the West Point railroad on Wednesday, the 30th of August. On the 31st August the movement toward the Macon railroad was continued.

On the 1st of September said railroad was reached, and having been partially destroyed, the regiment took position in front of Jonesborough. On the 2nd instant the regiment moved toward Lovejoy's Station, on the Macon railroad, and on the evening moved into position on the left of the Fourth Army Corps. On the 3rd instant the position was fortified. On the evening of the 4th took up the march toward Decatur, which point was reached on the morning of the 8th instant.

I have the honor to report that during the time specified above no loses of killed or wounded been suffered in the regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. WHEELER,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant S. H. HUBBELL,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 23rd Army Corps.

Numbers 335.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Isaac R. Sherwood, One hundred and eleventh Ohio Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 111TH OHIO INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Front Atlanta, Ga., July 31, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In response to circular under date July 30, from headquarters Second Brigade, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of One hundred and eleventh Ohio in this campaign:

Left Mossy Creek, East Tenn., April 26; rested ten days at Charleston, Tenn., and arrived in front of enemy at Buzzard Roost May 8. May 9, advanced on enemy's position, driving in skirmishers under Rocky Face Mountain, meeting very stubborn resistance. On 12th marched through Tunnel Hill and 13th through Snake Creek Gap. On 14th attacked the enemy's position at Resaca, making a charge in which we were repulsed with severe loss. On the 15th moved to left of line, supporting the Twentieth Corps, who engaged and defeated the enemy. the enemy having evacuated Resaca on the night of the 15th, on the 16th we moved south in pursuit, fording the Connesauga River and crossing the Coosawattee River on the 17th. On the 20th passed through Cassville, and on the evening of the 20th went into position near Cartersville on Etowah River. On 23th crossed Etowah River at Etowah Cliffs; moved up Richland Creek about five mile;s had a skirmish with enemy's cavalry; One hundred and eleventh Ohio went to guard cross-road near Rowland's. On 25th marched south about nine miles toward Dallas, passing Burnt Hickory. On 26th crossed Pumpkin Vine Creek; formed on left of line; skirmished with enemy for two miles through woods, and about 5 p. m. found him in force and received a few shells. On 27th the enemy drove in One hundred and seventh Illinois and Twenty-third Michigan, who

