
were on outpost duty in front of One hundred and eleventh and One hundred and eighteenth Ohio. One hundred and eleventh Ohio was ordered to make a charge and drive them back. We did so; moved up at night closer to enemy's position and were shelled considerably and considerably exposed to infantry fire.

From May 27 to June 2 we remained in this position constantly skirmishing. On June 2 we moved about three mallows to left of line and skirmished into position, meeting with vigorous resistance both from artillery and infantry. On June 5 went into position a little farther in advance; went on reconnaissance with balance of brigade. In the evening had a slight skirmish and received a few of enemy's shell. June 10, moved out to feel the enemy in front of Lost Mountain; had sharp skirmishing; drove in enemy's skirmishers and went into position. On June 15 again advanced; had brisk fight; drove back enemy's line to right of Lost Mountain, and went into position near base of mountain. Skirmished all day on 16th; twice advanced our lines. On 17th One hundred and eleventh went out at daylight on reconnaissance; found the main force of rebels had evacuated line of Lost Mountain; had some skirmishing. At 10 a. m. balance of division got into position, when we advanced with line, driving the enemy back (cavalry) about three miles; One hundred and eleventh went on reconnaissance in evening to Noline's Creek; found cavalry in position; exchanged a few shots and returned. On 19th again advanced about two miles; fording Noline's Creek, Second Brigade, Second Division, both being in reserve. On 22nd moved out in front of General Cox, about two miles; formed on right of Twentieth Corps; whole line now in front of Kenesaw Mountain and Marietta; some skirmishing. From this time until the 26th we skirmished constantly with the enemy. On the evening of 26th One hundred and eleventh Ohio moved up to skirmish line at dark, and threw up works, meeting a very heavy fire. From 27th to 30th skirmished constantly; was relieved at midnight on 30th.

July 1, advance to right of Kenesaw and in front of General Cox's division; had severe skirmish; drove enemy back, and went into position in front of Nickajack Creek.

On 5th (the enemy having evacuated Kenesaw on 2d) moved out on Marietta road. On 6th moved to Ruff's Station, on railroad. On 8th moved northeast to Chattahoochee River; crossed river on 8th and went into position. On the 14th moved two and a half miles south and went into position on left to Fourth Corps. On 17th moved out two and a half miles to east and went into position ten miles north of Atlanta. On 18th marched five miles to east; One hundred and eleventh Ohio went on reconnaissance three miles to right of brigade, on Peach Tree Creek; remained during night. On 19th One hundred and eleventh Ohio joined brigade at 6 a. m.; moved seven miles south; went into position at Decatur, Ga., six miles east of Atlanta. On 20th moved out on Atlanta road within three miles of atlanta; found the enemy in force or ridge. One hundred and eleventh Ohio was ordered to cross a ravine and charge a ridge supposed to be occupied by enemy's cavalry; crossed the ravine; drove the enemy from ridge (assisted by two companies of Thirteenth Kentucky); held it and occupied it during the day; enemy made two attempts to drive regiment back, but were repulsed. On night of 21st enemy evacuated our front, and fell back on Atlanta. On 22nd moved upon enemy's line, and in the engagement of that day, supported with balance of brigade the Sixteenth Corps battery

