
on extreme right of Sixteenth Corps line. Since that time we have been in reserve, receiving what shot and shell the enemy see fit to throw to the rear.

I can speak in the highest terms of the enlisted men of the regiment. The officers present, with but one exception, have also performed every duty to my entire satisfaction.

A complete list of casualties has been furnished the medical director by regimental surgeon. The casualties on surgeons' books are 93; whole number, including those slightly wounded, over 100.

Captured by enemy, Privates Eugene Mitchell and David Warner, of Company G, on July 16. I have no men missing not accounted for.

Yours, very respectfully,

ISAAC R. SHERWOOD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.
HEADQUARTERS 111TH OHIO,In the Field, near Atlanta, August 25, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of my regiment during the period you were in command of brigade:

On the 20th June we were lying in front of Kenesaw Mountain, near Nolan's Creek, on the extreme right of line. On the 22nd we moved forward at 9 a. m., and advanced east about two and a half miles, and went into position in front of enemy on right of division. On 25th we advanced our skirmish line, and on the 26th at dark the One hundred and eleventh Ohio moved quietly forward to our skirmish line, and built works and occupied them. On the 27th advanced our skirmish line and made heavy demonstration in front in favor of attacking party on Kenesaw Mountain. Remained in this position until the evening of 30th, when we moved back one mile and a half and bivouacked for the night.

July 1, advanced in front of Cox's division; had brisk skirmish; went into position, built barricade after night-fall; moved to the right to support General Cooper's brigade. July 2, moved back to first position, where we remained until July 5, when we moved out on road to Marietta; went into position at sunset in front of enemy's works. On the 6th moved out five miles northeast to ruff's Station on railroad, and went into camp at noon. On the 8th moved seven miles northeast to Chattahoochee River; crossed the Chattahoochee. On the 9th marched about two miles, and went into position, building strong earth-works. On the 14th moved out at 9 a. m. two and a half miles, and went into position on left of Fourth Corps; built strong earth-works. On the 17th moved out at 10 a. m. to south, and camped at night ten miles north of Atlanta. On the 18th moved out five miles to east and south and halted near Peach Tree Creek. One hundred and eleventh went on reconnaissance two and a half miles to right of brigade, and camped for night on bank of creek. On the 19th One hundred and eleventh rejoined the brigade at 9 a. m. and moved out on road to Decatur; had brisk skirmish and took Decatur. On the 20th moved out on road to Atlanta, within three miles of town. One hundred and eleventh Ohio, with two companies of Thirteenth Kentucky Infantry, moved forward and took a ridge immediately in front of enemy's works with some loss. One hundred and eleventh Ohio held position during the day, being twice

