
attacked by enemy; were relieved at night by One hundred and seventh Illinois, and went half mile to rear in position. On night of 21st enemy evacuated works in our front. On the 22nd we moved forward, One hundred and eleventh Ohio in advance of brigade. In fight on that day moved to support battery, and held position on right of Sixteenth Corps. From this time until August 1 Second Brigade was in reserve, receiving a full complement of shot and shell from enemy's batteries in our front, causing more mental anguish than bodily suffering.

August 1, moved out at 9 p. m. one mile toward right and bivouacked for night. On 2nd passed around to extreme right of line and went into position. On August 3 Second Brigade moved across utoy Creek, Thirteenth Kentucky in advance, and took a ridge occupied by enemy's skirmishers. Went into position and built earth-works. Remained in this position until August 6, when we moved out at daylight to extreme right; had skirmishing nearly all day; changed position four or five times, twice on double-quick; built earth-works at night. On 7th Second Brigade advanced and took ridge in front, went into position at night, and built works.

On the 8th again advanced close to enemy's works and again built earth-works. On the 9th again advanced, One hundred and eleventh Ohio deployed as skirmishers; had brisk skirmishing; drove in enemy's pickets; enemy opened artillery on skirmishers; took position designed, which has since been occupied as skirmish line. On 10th regiment went into position on right of brigade, built earth-works. From this time until 16th we remained in position.

On the fourth page will be found a list of the casualties of my regiment.*

In conclusion, allow me to congratulate you in behalf of myself and my regiment on the very successful and satisfactory manner in which you handled your command. We owe you our sincere thanks for vigilance, cautiousness, and watchfulness in our behalf, and will ever hold in grateful remembrance your bravery and gallantry and ever gentlemanly deportment. In this we recognize those highly Christian elements of the true soldier.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

ISAAC R. SHERWOOD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 111th Ohio.

Colonel WILLIAM E. HOBSON,

Commanding Second Brigade.

CAMP ONE HUNDRED AND ELEVENTH OHIO,

Decatur, Ga., September 9, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with orders, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command from August 15 to September 8, 1864:

August 15, my command was in position on right of Second Brigade, a point about three miles southwest of East Point, Ga. Remained in this position until the 18th, receiving a few shells from the enemy's batteries in our front, and furnishing details to build a line of works in our rear. On the 18th we advanced our line and

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 men killed and 2 officers and 23 men wounded; total, 27.

---------------

