
moved about brigade distance to right, confronting a line of rebel works. On 19th went south and east about two and a half miles with balance of division, returning to camp at night. Repeated the same move on 20th; remained until 23d, when One hundred and eleventh Ohio went out on Campbellton road five miles on foraging expedition, returning in evening. Remained in this position until August 28, when we moved out at sunset on Sandtown road, three miles to Mount Gilead Church, and camped for the night. On evening of 29th moved south-southeast about two miles and went into position one mile and a half from West Point railroad and fourteenth miles from Atlanta.

On 30th marched east; struck the West Point railroad; went into position; had some skirmishing in front; position east of railroad and five miles south of East Point. August 31, moved out at 6 a. m. Moved south about two and a half miles; turned and marched north-northeast till reached line of works built by rebels previous evening, where we rested for the night.

On September 1 moved out at daybreak, marching east; struck Macon railroad after marching two and a half miles; destroyed track at Red Oak Station and moved south along railroad to within two and a half miles of Jonesborough, where One hundred and eleventh Ohio went out a mile in advance on reconnaissance; returned to brigade and went into position at dark. On September 2 marched by a circuitous route about ten miles and reached point near Lovejoy's Station and went into position on left of Fourth Corps. At dark were under fire somewhat, as Fourth Corps were engaged with enemy as we went into position. On September 3 we changed position, retiring our left and building a line of works. Remained in this position (being considerably exposed to shell and musketry) until 9 p. m. of September 5, when we moved out, marching all night, and going into camp two and a half miles from Jonesborough on the morning of the 6th. Left this camp 11 a. m. on 7th and marched to within seven miles of Decatur, where we camped for night. On the 8th we reached Decatur at 12 m.

My casualties are: Killed-Josiah M. Kepler, first sergeant Company E, on September 6.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ISAAC R. SHERWOOD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant S. H. HUBBELL.

Numbers 336.

Reports of Captain Edgar Sowers, One hundred and eighteenth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. 118TH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Decatur, Ga., September 10, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with the directions of the general commanding the division, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the One hundred and eighteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, from April 26 to May 18, inclusive. It is proper that I should remark at the beginning that during all that period the regiment was

4 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT II

