
commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Thomas L. Young, now absent, but expects soon to join the regiment.

On the 26th of April the regiment left camp on Mossy Creek, Tenn., and took up its march down the Valley of the Tennessee, and after a march of five days, with an average of more than twenty miles a day, halted on April 30 near Calhoun, on the banks of the Hiwassee River. The march was resumed May 3, and on the 4th the regiment halted on the Georgia State line at Red Clay, where the 5th and 6th were given to rest and preparations for an active campaign. On the 7th and 8th the march was resumed toward Ringgold, but the direction was changed subsequently toward Rocky Face ridge, near which the regiment halted on the evening of the 8th, near the ridge just mentioned, sometimes known as Buzzard Roost. On the morning of the 9th the regiment with the division took position on the east, with its right resting at the foot of the ridge, and advanced, driving the rebel skirmishers before them, and halted at 4 p. m. about 300 yards distant from the enemy's main line of works. After a careful reconnaissance it was deemed not prudent to charge the enemy's works, and the regiment rested in its position till the morning of the 10th, when the regiment and division withdrew, and took position on a ridge one mile in rear of our position on the evening of the 9th, where it remained till May 12. On the 12th of May the regiment marched to the right toward Resaca, via Snake Creek Gap. As I was left in command of two companies on picket near Rocky Face Ridge May 12, and was ordered to report with my command to Major Duncan to guard the corps train, I was to present at the battle of Resaca, and did not join the regiment till May 16. I may add that the regiment lost 98 men killed and wounded at Resaca out of less than 300 actually engaged. May 16, the regiment and division marched past Resaca in a southeasterly direction, crossing one of the chief branches of the Coosawattee during the day and continuing the march during the 17th, halting on the 18th about ten miles from Cassville.

During the twenty-three days included in the above report the regiment lost in battle twenty-five per cent. of the number who left Mossy Creek on the morning of April 26, 1864.*

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

E. SOWERS,

Commanding Regiment.

Captain KERSTETTER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, 23rd Army Corps.
HDQRS. 118TH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Decatur, Ga., September 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that from May 17 to June 18, 1864, the One hundred and eighteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry was commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Thomas L. Young, who is now absent on sick leave.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

E. SOWERS,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel BOND,

Commanding Second Brigade.

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties accompanying his report shows 17 men killed and 3 officers and 78 men wounded; total, 98.

---------------

