
The works proved to be abandoned, except by a few skirmishers, who fled as the line advanced, 2, however, giving themselves up and expressing a desire to abandon the Confederate army. During the day the regiment still deployed, advanced with slight opposition some distance to the front and left, and halted on a ridge 500 yards distant from the enemy's works. From the 8th to the 12th we were engaged in reconnoitering positions and intrenching frequently, till late at night, and after having been under arms almost all day. During the time of my command we were at no time secure from attack; at all times we were prepared. The labor, both by day and night, has been severe, ad has taxed the endurance and patience of the men to the uttermost, all of which has been borne with a cheerfulness and good nature worthy of the cause.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

E. SOWERS,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel W. E. HOBSON,

Commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. 118TH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Decatur, Ga., September 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following statement respecting the operations of the One hundred and eighteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry from August 15 to September 8, inclusive:

On the 15th of August the regiment was in a position securely intrenched, on the lines held by the Twenty-third Corps on the right of the army before Atlanta, where we remained till the 18th. As we were within range of fire from the picket-lines, and also of fire from the enemy's artillery, we were fortunate in escaping with the loss of 1 man of Company A, seriously wounded by solid shot at sunset of August 17. On the 18th the regiment and brigade took position to the right, at a distance of 500 yards from its previous position, in such a manner as to connect the Second and Third Divisions of the Twenty-third Army Corps. On this line the regiment remained without the occurrence of anything worthy of special mention until August 28, at which time the regiment left its position about 9 a. m., and went on picket duty to the rear of our lines, which were then threatened by the enemy, who were following up the corps that had been placed on our left but were then moving to our right; after dark the regiment moved to Mountain Gilead Church. The 30th, 31st, and September 1, we occupied in marching toward the Atlanta and Macon Railroad, which was reached on the last named date, and the rails for some distance destroyed.

On September 1, we moved toward Lovejoy's Station, moving cautiously, as the enemy were evidently hovering on our flanks for the purpose of observing our movements. On the evening of the 2nd the regiment went into position in front of the enemy, and remained until the evening of the 5th, when it withdrew and took up its march for Decatur. While in position near Lovejoy's Station 2 men were wounded. On the 8th of September the regiment halted at Decatur, with a prospect of enjoying some rest after a campaign of unusual labors, privations, and perils.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

E. SOWERS,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel J. R. BOND.

