
Numbers 337.

Reports of Colonel Silas A. Strickland, Fiftieth Ohio Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations May 28-September 8.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., August 14, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of Third Brigade since taking command of same:

May 28, upon reporting to General Hascall near Pumpkin Vine Creek, by order of Major-General Schofield, was ordered to take position on left of General McLean's brigade, Major-General Howard's commanding being on our left. Formed in two lines, advanced skirmishers and barricaded, skirmishing all day. At night, rebels made a dash on our lines, but were easily repulsed; loss, Fourteenth Kentucky, 1 wounded; Fiftieth Ohio, 1 wounded. May 29, brigade ordered to relieve General McLean's brigade on our right. General Hovey's command took position on our left; heavy skirmishing all day; loss, Fourteenth Kentucky, 1 wounded; Fiftieth Ohio, 1 wounded; Twenty-seventh Kentucky, 1 wounded. May 30, skirmishing commenced brisk at dawn and continued till dark; loss, Fourteenth Kentucky, 4 wounded; Fiftieth Ohio, 2 wounded; Twenty-seventh Kentucky, 3 wounded. May 31, very early in the morning skirmishing opened brisk; at 8 a. m. enemy advanced in force and drove in our skirmishers. When within fifty yards of our works, the Fiftieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry and Twenty-seventh Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, opening a heavy and destructive fire, repulsed the enemy and inflicted severe punishment upon them. The engagement lasted about twenty-five minutes, and the enemy retired in great confusion, leaving most of their dead behind. The brigade on our right, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Spauling, was engaged a the same time. The officers and men of brigade behaved with great coolness and courage during the action. Lieutenant-Colonel Elstner and Major Gillespie, of the Fiftieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and Lieutenant-Colonel Ward and Major Bailey, Twenty-seventh Kentucky, well deserve to be mentioned in this connection as having fought their commands with skill and energy; loss, Fourteenth Kentucky, 2 killed, 3 wounded; Fiftieth Ohio, 6 killed, 10 wounded; Twenty-seventh Kentucky, 2 killed, 13 wounded.

June 1, still heavy skirmishing; at 6 p. m. brigade relieved by Colonel Daniel McCook's brigade, of General Davis' division; moved to the left and rear, and bivouacked in corn-field; loss, Fourteenth Kentucky, 4 wounded. June 2, moved at 8 a. m. to the extreme left of the army, Colonel Spaulding's brigade on our right; took position at 10 a. m.; attacked and drove rebels about two miles, through heavy rain and over creeks, to James Foster's house; met the enemy here in force; vigorous shelling from rebel batteries; barricaded for the night; loss, Fourteenth Kentucky, Captain Patrick, a most brave and gallant officer, killed, 8 wounded; Fiftieth Ohio, 3 wounded; Twentieth Kentucky, 6 wounded; Twenty-seventh Kentucky, 4 wounded. June 3, skirmishing all day until 5 p. m., when it was discovered that the enemy had abandoned his works; advanced Fiftieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry and Twentieth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry to new line on junction of Acwroth and Dallas road; loss, Fiftieth Ohio, 3 wounded; Twenty-seventh Kentucky, 3 wounded. June 4, brought p reserve to advance line; at 12 m.

