
moved brigade distance to left to make room for McLean's brigade, which took position on our left [right?]. June 5, in the afternoon brigade relieved by Colonel Cooper's brigade; at 3 p. m. Twenty-seventh Kentucky ordered to support Colonel Hobson,who was making reconnaissances in front with regiment; returned at 6 p. m., reporting but few rebels in front. June 6, moved one brigade distance to the right and relieved Colonel Coopers brigade. June 7, at 9 a. m. moved to left two miles and camped in rear of Cooper's brigade. June 8, remained in camp. Major Wolcott with four companies of the Twentieth Kentucky accompanied forage train of Sixth Michigan Battery on forage expedition; loss, Fourteenth kentucky, 1 wounded. June 9, at 12 m. brigade ordered out on reconnaissance with Cooper's brigade, accompanied by cavalry and artillery. the brigade, taking left of line, returned to former position at dark. June 10, at 10 a. m. moved over same ground reconnoitered yesterday, Fiftieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry in advance; drove the enemy's skirmishers to top of the hill near Davis' house, in which we found a large number of rebel sharpshooters stationed. Company A, Fourteenth Kentucky, Lieutenant Brown commanding, and Company H, Fiftieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Captain Cones commanding, were ordered to charge the house, under direction of Major Thomas, Fourteenth Kentucky, field officer of the day, which was done, driving the enemy from the house and hill; took position on the hill and barricaded, Cooper's brigade on our left; loss, Fiftieth Ohio, 2 wounded. June 11, slight skirmishing; raining all day; at 4 p. m., rebel shelled our position; loss, Fiftieth Ohio, 1 wounded; Twentieth Kentucky, 2 killed, 1 wounded. June 12, remained in same position; heavy skirmishing all night. June 13 and 14, still remained in same position; constant skirmishing in our front. June 15, heavy skirmishing along the line; Bond's brigade advanced on our right. The skirmishers of this brigade advanced one mile and drove the enemy from their works; 4 p. m. moved half a mile and drove the enemy from their works; 4 p. m. moved half a mile to right and took position; loss, Twenty-seventh Kentucky, 1 killed, 1 wounded. June 16, brisk skirmishing early in the day; brigade moved to the left and took position on right of Bond's brigade; at 10 a. m. Major Wolcott, Twentieth Kentucky regiment, volunteering, took command of five companies, and under the direction of Major Gillespie, Fiftieth Ohio, field officer of the day, drove the enemy from a cluster of houses in our front and on the right of Bond's brigade; loss, Twentieth Kentucky, 1 wounded. June 17, at 8 a. m. moved to left in rear of Bond's brigade, then ordered to right of Bond's brigade till we reached the division on the Marietta road; Twentieth Kentucky ordered on reconnaissance to the right; brigade moved in line of battle in rear and reserve of division about two miles; Twentieth Kentucky joined before a halt; remained in support of Sixth Michigan Battery until next morning. June 18, remained where we were; rains all day; loss, Twentieth Kentucky, 1 wounded. June 19, 1.30 p. m. moved to the right; crossed a creek, men fording it. June 20 and 21, remained in camp, Hobson's brigade on the left. June 22, moved forward on Sandtown road and to Kolb's house; took position at 2 p. m. and fortified on General Hooker's right, Hobson on the left; Fourteenth Kentucky ordered to reconnoiter in front. The Fourteenth Kentucky had advanced but a short distance when they were attacked by the enemy in force, and after a severe fight of about half an hour, in which the enemy were severely punished, as shown by their dead left upon the

