
all quiet. July 14, moved to right about three miles; built strong works, Second Brigade on right, General Cox's division on left. July 15 and 16; all quiet; loss, Fiftieth Ohio, 1 captured; Twenty-seventh Kentucky, 3 captured. July 17, moved at 9 a. m. about four miles to the left, Cooper's brigade in front; went into position at 4 p. m. and built one line of works. July 18, at 8 a. m. commenced moving; moved five miles; Third Brigade in front, camped on Little Peach Tree Creek; built one line of works, Twenty-seventh Kentucky crossing the creek and remaining on picket all night. July 19, started at 6 a. m., Second Division in advance; First Brigade, second; moved to within half a mile of Decatur, the town having been taken by Colonel Swaine's brigade of his division; retired two miles and encamped for the night, after being relieved by troops from General McPherson's command. July 20, commenced movement at 7 a. m., Third Division in front; passed Third Division about 4 p. m.; formed in line of battle, and drove the enemy's skirmishers half a mile; in sight of enemy's works; built one line of works after dark; loss, Fiftieth Ohio, 1 killed, 2 wounded; Twenty-seventh Kentucky, 1 killed, 1 wounded. July 21, no movement; loss, Fiftieth Ohio, 1 wounded; Twentieth Kentucky, 6 wounded; Fourteenth Kentucky, 2 killed, 12 wounded; Twenty-seventh Kentucky, 1 killed, 7 wounded. July 22, enemy evacuated first line of works the night before; commenced movement at daylight; came in sight of enemy's works at Atlanta; built works; enemy shell position; loss, Fiftieth Ohio, 1 killed, 1 wounded; Twentieth Kentucky, 2 killed, 3 wounded; Fourteenth Kentucky, 6 wounded; Twenty-seventh kentucky, 1 killed, 2 wounded. July 23, strengthening works. July 24, no change; loss, Fourteenth Kentucky, 1 wounded. July 25, skirmishing all day; loss, Fiftieth Ohio, 1 wounded; Twentieth Kentucky, 1 wounded; Twenty-seventh kentucky, 1 wounded. July 26, brigade ordered to build one line of works sixty yards in rear of first line, left retired; men work most of night on new line; loss, Fiftieth Ohio, 2 wounded; Twentieth Kentucky, 2 wounded; Fourteenth Kentucky, 1 wounded. July 27, brigade takes position in new works. July 28, skirmishing all day; loss, Fourteenth Kentucky, 1 wounded.

August 1, skirmishing lively along the line; ordered to be ready to move after dark; move about two miles to the right of our lines and encamp for the night. August 2, continue movement about eight miles to the extreme right; find rebel skirmishers and build one line of works to right and rear of Cox's division; loss, fiftieth Ohio, 1 wounded. August 3, at 2 p. m. moved out to the front; charge the enemy and drive them from a hill to the main line of works, capture 1 captain, 1 lieutenant, and 27 men from the skirmish line of the enemy; commence a line of works, which is severely shelled by the enemy; during the night continue the works; brigade on left of division; loss, Fiftieth Ohio, 1 killed, 8 wounded; Twentieth Kentucky, 2 wounded; Twenty-seventh Kentucky, 3 wounded; fourteenth Kentucky, 1 killed, 8 wounded. August 4, strengthen and complete two lines of works; the Fourteenth Corps moved around to our right; heavy shelling by the enemy through the day while our batteries are gaining position; loss, Fiftieth Ohio, 1 killed, 2 wounded; Twentieth Kentucky, 1 killed; Twenty-seventh Kentucky, 1 killed, 4 wounded; Fourteenth Kentucky, 6 wounded. August 5, occupy same position; skirmishing

