
Numbers 188.

Report of Colonel William Cogswell, Second Massachusetts Infantry, of operations May 2-21 and July 1-September 8.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND MASSACHUSETTS INFANTRY,September 8, 1864.

SIR: The Second Massachusetts Infantry left Tullahoma at 8 a. m. April 28, 1864, and, marching with its division by way of Stevenson and Bridgeport, Ala., joined its corps and the main Army of the Cumberland in Chattanooga Valley May 3, 1864. May 5, went into position at foot of Taylor's Ridge, ten miles east of Ringgold, Ga. On the 7th, marching through Nickajack Trace, reached Trickum Post-Office; went into position in front of Buzzard Roost. May 10, at 12.20 a. m. marched to Snake Creek Gap and joined McPherson's army about five miles west of Resaca. May 13, marched about three miles in front of last position. May 14, marched to extreme left of the whole army, where the corps relieved the Fourth Corps, which had been heavily engaged with the enemy. On the 15th the regiment was ordered to make a reconnaissance and ascertain the position of the enemy. About half a mile in front of the corps the enemy was found in force, and the regiment returned to its former position of the enemy. About half a mile in front of the corps the enemy was found in force, and the regiment returned tot its former position in the brigade, with a loss of 2 men wounded. At 2.30 p. m. of same day the regiment, with its brigade, moved into position against the enemy, which resulted in driving him into his works, and afterward three attacks of the enemy were successfully repulsed, he leaving his dead and wounded behind. The regiment rested upon its arms that night, and early in the morning the skirmishers found that the enemy had fled, abandoning the strong natural and artificial defenses of Resaca. In this engagement the regiment lost 1 killed, 21 wounded, and 1 mortally wounded. On the 17th crossed the Oostenaula. On the 19th the larger part of the day was employed in advancing upon the town of Cassville in line, preceded by skirmishers. The skirmishers of the regiment exchange a few shots with the enemy. At dark the line halted just on the northern edge of Cassville and threw up breast-works. On the 21st Colonel Cogswell, commanding Second Massachusetts Infantry, was ordered to proceed to Massachusetts to expedite the forwarding of recruits to his regiment, which left Lieutenant Colonel C. F. Morse in command, whose report for the time of his command is herewith inclosed. July 1, the regiment was lying in works in front of Marietta. July 3, Marietta being evacuated, the regiment, with its brigade, marched three miles south of that place. July 4, took up position in front of rebel works. The time from this to the 19th was taken up by advancing as the enemy fell back, remaining a week on the north bank of the Chattahoochee, crossing that river on the 17th, crossing Peach Tree Creek on the 19th, and on the 20th, just south of said creek, the regiment with the other troops of the corps went into position to meet an attack of the enemy, which was made at 4.20 p. m. This regiment occupied the right of the second line, and was not actively engaged, losing 1 commissioned officer wounded. On the 22nd the enemy fell back to his inner lines of the defenses of the city of Atlanta, and this regiment, with its brigade, moved up and built defenses in front of the enemy, the regiment occupying the right of the second line of the brigade, which was on the right of the corps,

5 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT II

