
I could not close this report in justice to the noble command it has been my fortune to have, without saying that the officers and men have upon every occasion facing the enemy behaved with heroic courage, never faltering short of the accomplishment of the object they were commanded to attain.

The commanding officers of the four regiments comprising the brigade-Colonel G. W. Gallup, commanding the Fourteenth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry; Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Ward, commanding the Twenty-seventh Kentucky Regiment; Lieutenant Colonel T. B. Waller, commanding the Twentieth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry; and the late lamented Lieutenant Colonel George R. Elstner, commanding the Fiftieth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry-all deserve the highest praise that can be bestowed by language for their prompt, energetic, skillful, and gallant conduct at all times and places through the campaign. Lieutenant Colonel O. Brown, jr., and Major R. M. Thomas, both of the Fourteenth Kentucky Regiment; Major A. J. Bailey, Twenty-seventh Kentucky; Major F. E. Wolcott, Twentieth Kentucky; and Major H. S. Gillespie, Fiftieth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, each and every one deserve to be recorded as having been in every respect equal to the highest expectations of their respective commands and their superior officers. Adjt. Jerome F. Crowley, Fiftieth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, acting assistant adjutant-general; Second Lieutenant T. D. Marcum, Fourteenth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, acting assistant inspector-general; Second Lieutenant George B. Patton, Fourteenth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant John B. McLoe, Fiftieth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, acting commissary of subsistence; Second Lieutenant J. A. Figgett, Twenty-seventh Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, acting assistant quartermaster; First Lieutenant W. A. Atersall, Twentieth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, provost-marshal, by their promptness and efficiency upon the field or in the discharge of their various duties at other times, by gallant good conduct have shown themselves worthy of all confidence and commendation.

In conclusion, it gives me pleasure to report that Surg. J. C. Welch, Twentieth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, acting brigade surgeon, has rendered me great assistance in his branch of the service. Prompt, active, brave, and efficient, always close up with the command to look after and administer to the unfortunate in action, he emphatically deserves most honorable mention.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. STRICKLAND,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade.

Captain ED. R. KERSTETTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Decatur, Ga., September 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the subjoined report of the operations of the Third Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, since August 12, 1864:

August 13, the Fourteenth Kentucky relieved from Third Brigade and assigned to duty with First Brigade; Ninety-first and One hundred and twenty-third Indiana Volunteer Infantry assigned to this brigade. The Twenty-third Army Corps holds position on the extreme right of the army, this brigade being on the ex-

