
treme left of the corps, and connecting its skirmish line with that of the Fourteenth Army Corps. August 14 to 16, remain in same position, with constant skirmishing. August 17 and 18, line of works begun and continued to the right of the position occupied by the brigade, the works being done by details. August 19, brigade ordered to hold entire line occupied by Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, while the entire corps makes a diversion to the right in favor of General Kilpatrick's cavalry, the skirmish line remaining unchanged; at night the brigade and division return to their former positions. August 20, the movement of yesterday repeated, with considerable skirmishing. August 21, sergeant of First Georgia (rebel) came in during night. August 22, no change in position. August 23, three deserters from First Georgia (rebel) came in; quiet along the lines. August 24, some artillery firing on our left; heavy skirmishing in our front. August 25, all surplus baggage and transportation ordered across the Chattahoochee. August 26, work by regiments on new line of intrenchments; skirmishing during the day very brisk. August 27, change lines. The brigade moves to the right and rear at 3 a. m.

------

of a mile to the new works, the old line still remaining intact, the Fourteenth Army Corps on the left and the First Brigade, Twenty-third Army Corps, on the right. During the night Fourteenth Army Corps fell back, which rendered change in the skirmish line necessary, which was made in the night. August 28, at 3 o'clock move one mile to the right and occupy the works previously built by the brigade; at 5 p. m. resumed the movement to the right, in all, about five miles, moving on the Sandtown road to the Patterson house, then south one mile to the Gilead Church, when the brigade takes position, Colonel Bond, Second Brigade, being on the left, and General Cooper, First Brigade, on the right. August 29, march at 11 o'clock in advance of the division and in rear of the supply train in southeast direction for two and a half miles, when the brigade took position on a ridge facing north, and skirmishers thrown out; no enemy discovered following in our rear; ordered to be ready to march at 6 a. m. next day. August 30, marched in rear as train-guard about three miles, crossing the Montgomery road in the direction of Red Oak. August 31, march at 6 o'clock, this brigade being in rear, going southeast four miles, when we halt and erect barricades; move again at 3 p. m. to the right, conforming to the left of the line during the march; halting at 5 p. m., works are built; heavy artillery firing heard on the right all day.

September 1, move at daylight to the front and right, this brigade in advance of the corps, cross the Macon railroad and follow it southward some three miles, when we come up with the Fourth Corps; halt one hour, and, leaving the railroad to the right, mass the brigade in column of regiments on the left of Second Brigade, Colonel Bond, commanding the brigade, having made an ineffectual attempt to cross a swamp during the afternoon. September 2, heard heavy firing at 2 a. m. in the direction of Atlanta, Ga., supposed to be the explosion of magazines at that place. At 10 a. m. advance in a southeast direction, leaving Jonesborough one mile and a half to the right, passing several hospitals of rebel wounded; march in all about twelve miles, and take position on left of Fourth Corps, near Lovejoy's Station. September 3, some skirmishing; heavy rains in afternoon; establish position and build works. September 4, quiet; occasional shelling from the rebels, without damage. September 5, wagon train moves out in the afternoon, traveling

