
Corps, and moved into works formerly occupied by the Fourteenth Kentucky Infantry, in front of East Point, in which position it remained until the morning of the 27th. During this time the regiment assisted in constructing two heavy lines of works a short distance in rear, and though the enemy's batteries bore directly upon it the casualties were very light. On the morning of the 27th the regiment abandoned its works and moved half a mile to the right and occupied a new line of works, where it remained until August 28 at 7 p. m.

August 28, the regiment moved about five miles to the south and west of Atlanta and camped for the night in works formerly constructed near Mount Gilead Church. August 29, moved about one mile to the right and threw up works, where it remained until the next day. August 30, the regiment moved to a point near the West Point and La Grange Railroad and camped for night, throwing up temporary works. August 31, marched five miles to the right and in the evening occupied the enemy's works and remained all night.

September 1, marched at 5 a. m. and crossed the Macon railroad; moved down said road some three miles and bivouacked for night three miles from Jonesborough. On the 2nd of September the regiment moved at 10 a. m. in the direction of the left of the main army and got into position in front of the enemy at 9 p. m., where it remained until 8 p. m. September 5, when it retired to same position as on the 1st, where it remained over one day. September 6 and 8 the regiment marched to Decatur, Ga., arriving at 2 p. m.

The following is a list of casualties* from August 12 to September 9, 1864.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN MEHRINGER,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. F. CROWLEY,

A. A. A. G., 3rd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 23rd Army Corps.

Numbers 339.

Report of Colonel John C. McQuiston, One hundred and twenty-third Indiana Infantry, of operations August 12-September 8.
HDQRS. 123rd REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Decatur, Ga., September 9, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations and movements of the One hundred and twenty-third Regiment Indiana Volunteer Infantry in that part of the late campaign in Georgia, commencing August 12 and ending September 9, 1864:

On August 12 my command was in position on extreme right of Second Division, near Utoy Creek, where, in pursuance to orders assigning One hundred and twenty-third Regiment Indiana Volunteer Infantry to your brigade, I reported to you for orders, and remained in position until August 13, when I moved my command to the left of Ninety-first Indiana Volunteers, where we remained under continual fire of the enemy until August 27, at 2 p. m., when the

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 men wounded.

---------------

