
brigade moved to the right half a mile, occupying works previously constructed, where my command was detailed to build works one mile to the right. Completed works, and remained in position until 2 p. m. August 28, when the division moved to the right four miles, taking position near Mount Gilead Church at 10 p. m. August 29, moved to the right one mile to a position on a hill, until 12 o'clock, August 30, when the division moved three miles to Montgomery and Atlanta Railroad. The One hundred and twenty-third Regiment, acting as train guard, arrived at railroad at 6 p. m.; built barricades to cover trains; moved at 7 p. m. one mile eastward, taking position on the left of Second Division. August 31, moved at 5 a. m. two miles; sent our skirmishers, built barricades; remained until 1 p. m. Moved five miles to a position on the left of General Cooper's command; built works, remained until 5 p. m., September 1, when the command moved across Macon railroad, encamping in a

-------

on the extreme left of the army. Remained until 8 a. m. of September 2, when the command moved to a hill three miles southeast of Lovejoy's Station, where we built works and remained under fire of the enemy's artillery and musketry until 8 p. m., September 5, when the division moved in direction of Decatur to a position near Jonesborough, where we remained until the morning of September 7. Resumed the march, encamping at 5 p. m. seven miles from Decatur. September 8, moved at 8 a. m.; arrived at Decatur at 1 p. m., taking position on east side of the railroad, where we are now encamped.

I herewith inclose a complete list of casualties* of my command, commencing August 12, ending September 9, 1864.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. McQUISTON,

Colonel, Commanding 123rd Indiana Volunteer Infantry.

Colonel S. A. STRICKLAND,

Commanding Third Brigadier, Second Div., 23rd Army Corps.

Numbers 340.

Reports of Colonel George W. Gallup, Fourteenth Kentucky Infantry, of operations June 1-September 8.
HDQRS. FOURTEENTH KENTUCKY VOL. INFANTRY,In front of Atlanta, Ga., August 11, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders received from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the casualties in my regiment since the 1st of June, as well as on the 2nd of June, and in the reconnaissance made by the regiment on the 22nd of June:

On the 2nd of June my regiment formed the extreme left of the front line of the brigade, it being formed two lines deep. In the engagement of that day my left rested within 150 yards of the enemy's fortifications, from which they fired grape, canister, solid shot, and shell. Company A formed the skirmish line which covered my immediate front, and advanced to within fifty yards of the battery, which was masked. My loss on that day was Captain W. C. Patrick, Company I, a noble and gallant officer, who was killed while leading his company up to the enemy's works; Captain James C. Whitten, Com-

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 3 men killed and 10 men wounded.

---------------

