
pany A, seriously wounded by a shell; 12 privates wounded (2 since died). Previous to this we had wounded, on the 28th of May, 2, and 1 killed. On the 29th 1 wounded; on the 30th 4 wounded, and on the 31st 1 killed and 6 wounded. Many who were slightly wounded have remained with their companies and have not been reported. About 12 o'clock the 22nd instant, the brigade having taken its position in the front, I was ordered by Colonel S. A. Strickland to take my regiment and advance in line of battle to the front, my left resting on the Marietta road, and ascertain if the enemy were in force in our front, and if so, to develop their lines, go as far as I could consistently, and when obliged to stop and assume the defensive, to hold my position as long as possible. Companies A and G were deployed as skirmishers. Advancing across an open field some 300 yards, we received the fire of a strong line of the enemy's skirmishers, who had the woods. Lieutenant W. H. C. Brown, with Company A of the skirmish line, charged the woods with fixed bayonets, and captured six groups of five each of the enemy's skirmishers (all who were in his front). Steadily advancing, I passed the first skirt of woods, crossed a field, and to the edge of the next woods, where the skirmishers reported a heavy force of the enemy in line of battle in my immediate front, some 800 yards distant. Reporting this force to General Hascall, commanding division, I received orders to construct a barricade and hold my position, if possible. The One hundred and twenty-third New York held the line on my left, while one-half of my regiment was constructing barricades. The enemy advanced in three lines deep. Hastily forming, we awaited the approach of the enemy. At this point the One hundred and twenty-third New York was forced to give way to the right, and a portion ran over the Fourteenth Kentucky, who were lying on the ground. The enemy approached reluctantly and in much disorder, resembling a mob more than they did soldiery. The first line came within thirty feet before we fired. At the first volley deliberately delivered, the enemy was thrown into confusion and gave way, firing a heavy volley, not a shot of which took effect. We then advanced to the works we had partially constructed, and were in readiness to receive the enemy's second advance. We held our position and the enemy in our front until they had possession of our left flank and were firing an enfilading fire into the regiment. I immediately, on seeing this, ordered the regiment to break from the left by companies, changing front to the left and fight in retreat. We were pressed back to the next skirt of woods, and there reformed, and then gave way, as we were obliged to. When driven from this second position, I ordered the left to retire on the brigade in our rear, and with four companies of the right wing I took position under the crest of a ridge, which I held until ordered to retire by the general commanding the division. My loss was 1 lieutenant and 7 privates killed, 52 wounded (4 mortally), among them 1 captain and 1 lieutenant. The enemy's loss was 69 found dead on the field, 1 wounded (brought off), and 36 prisoners, besides the wounded. The officers and men behaved most gallantly, only retiring as they were ordered to do so.

Since the 22nd of June my regiment has participated in all the labor, marches, engagements, and skirmishes of the Third Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps.

The inclosed list of casualties herewith filed, marked B, with the dates appended, will show on what days the regiment suffered most severely. Many of the wounded have since died. Total loss, com-

