
missioned, non-commissioned officers, and privates in my regiment since May 24, 1864, 157. All of which is most respectfully submitted.*

I am, yours, &amp;c.,

GEORGE W. GALLUP,

Colonel, Fourteenth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH KENTUCKY VOLUNTEERS,In Camp, Decatur, Ga., September 9, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that since the 12th day of August, the date that my regiment was transferred to the First Brigade, I have lost.+

The regiment has participated in all the marches, movements, and skirmishes in which the brigade has been engaged, including the movement on to the Macon and Atlanta Railroad.

I have the honor to be, yours, respectfully,

GEO. W. GALLUP,

Colonel, Commanding Fourteenth Kentucky Vols.

Lieutenant J. S. A. BLANG,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 341.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas B. Waller, Twentieth Kentucky Infantry, of operations May 30-August 12.

May 30, 1864, the Twentieth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel T. B. Waller commanding, joined the Provisional Brigade, Colonel Strickland commanding, at 8 a. m.; remained in the rear line of battle until 1 o'clock, when we moved to the left about one mile, where we relieved General Stoneman's cavalry of skirmish duty. Skirmished with the enemy until June 2, when we were relieved, and moved to the left about one mile, joined the brigade in line of battle, then advanced on the enemy, driving in their skirmishers; Companies A and B were on the skirmish line; they captured 1 prisoner; took position close to the rebel works; built barricades; remained here until late in the evening, when it was ascertained that the enemy had evacuated their works; regiment occupied them the same night. On the 4th we moved a short distance to the left and built works; remained here until 12 o'clock of the 5th, when we were relieved and went out to support the Thirteenth Kentucky. We went some two miles, but did not participate in the skirmish. Went back to camp, where we remained until the 7th, when we moved at 12 o'clock about one mile to the left; remained until 9 o'clock, when we made a reconnaissance; returned to camp. 10th, followed the Fiftieth Ohio; moved on the enemy, driving them into their works; took a position close to the enemy's works, built breast-works, and remained in them until the 15th, when the enemy evacuated their works and we moved up a short dis-

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 3 officers and 13 men killed and 5 officers and 136 men wounded; total, 157.

+Nominal list of casualties (omitted) shows 6 men wounded.

---------------

