
tance; Company G, on skirmish, was the first to enter their works; captured 6 prisoners; built barricades. 16th, moved to the left a short distance and built barricades again. 17th, moved to the left and occupied the enemy's works. In the morning moved on the enemy in line of battle, then threw up barricade, where we remained until 1 p. m. of the 19th, when we moved about two miles, crossing Hill Creek; camped for the night; near General Schofield until the 22d, when we marched until 9 o'clock; joined General Hooker on the right; had sharp skirmish with the enemy; Fourteenth Kentucky did the fighting of our brigade to-day; built barricades; moved up in the morning. 23d, built works about 200 yards in front of our old line; moved again some 300 [yards] farther and built works this time; dug rifle-pits. Remained here until the 27th, when we moved about thirty yards farther up and about 600 from the enemy's works. Lay here until the 30th, when we were relieved at night by part of the Twentieth Corps. Moved back in the rear short distance and remained for the night.

July 1, moved early and to the right; skirmished with the enemy; my own regiment in the rear line until evening; drove the enemy about four miles; built breast-works. 2d, moved to the left; built another line of works about one-quarter of a mile from our left line. Remained at our works here until 5th; 1 o'clock marched about one mile on the Marietta road, and back in the evening close to our works; remained for the night; 6 o'clock moved; at 8 o'clock cross Nickajack Creek and passed by the enemy's works, until we reached the railroad at Ruff's Station; remained here until the 7th, when we moved early and struck the river about six miles from the station; camped on the bank until the 11th. We crossed over and camped about one mile from the river on a high hill. Remained here until the 14th, when we moved about two miles, a southeast course; built works for the front line. 17th, moved our position on the right of Cox's division. 18th, moved about six miles, southeast course; camped on the bank of Peach Tree Creek. 19th, moved early, supported the Second Brigade; camped close to Decatur. 20th, moved early, supported Cox till late in the evening, when we were ordered up on the flank of Colonel Cooper's brigade (afterward Colonel Swaine's brigade); also Companies B, C, D deployed as skirmishers, handsomely driving the enemy out of their picket-pits in a hell of a whoop as before the advance of our line of battle. 21st, built a new line of works, where we remained until the 22d, when it was found that the enemy had withdrawn from their front line of works; moved out early in the morning on the main road within sight of the city; the enemy shelled from their forts; moved back a short distance at night and built works in the rear line. Built a new line on the 26th; moved back in them 27th, where we remained until the 29th, when we guarded wagon train to river and back; occupied our works the same night.

August 1, moved out of our works at dark; went some two miles and bivouacked for the night. Moved early to the extreme right; took a position close to the range of the enemy's skirmishers; built barricades in front to-day. 3d, was relieved by Fourteenth Corps; marched through Third Division; took a hill occupied by the enemy's skirmishers, Company F on the skirmish line, Twentieth Kentucky and Fiftieth Ohio in the rear line; took up position close to the enemy's works. They shelled our line furiously, but with little damage. At night we dug rifle-pits; remained here until the 6th,

42 R R--VOL XXXVIII, PT II

