
by the Fourth Army Corps near Mount Gilead Church. 29th, marched at 2 p. m. one mile in rear of wagon train; bivouacked near General Schofield's headquarters; built barricades. 30th, marched at 10 o'clock, formed rear guard; followed up wagon train; bivouacked at night at the West Point and Montgomery Railroad. 31st, march some four miles and occupy the enemy's works near the Macon railroad.

September 1, marched early across the railroad and followed it up some six miles; did not find the enemy; bivouacked near the railroad. 2d, marched at 8 o'clock, moving till dark, and lay in mass near the enemy; did not get position; marched some twelve miles to-day; are not engaged. 3d, skirmishers are firing all day; 2 o'clock we took position and threw up works on the same ground where we lay in mass; Twentieth and Fiftieth are in the second line, Twentieth on the right, Fiftieth on the left. The enemy threw a few shells. 4th, lay in camp all day; picket-firing, but nothing more; the enemy fire three shots at night, but do no damage. 5th, picket-firing as usual; no battle; moved out at 8 p. m.; marched all night; went some six miles, following up the First Brigade, Twentieth leading; halted near railroad and took breakfast. 6th, remain here all day; enemy reported following up. 7th, marched at 10 o'clock; went some twelve miles in the direction of Atlanta. 8th, marched at 8 o'clock, went some seven miles, and arrived at Decatur, Ga., about 1 p. m., where we still remain.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. McLEOD,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Numbers 343.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John H. Ward, Twenty-seventh Kentucky Infantry, of operations May 26-August 11.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SEVENTH KENTUCKY VOL. INFANTRY,Near Marietta, Ga., September 7, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders received to-day from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Twenty-seventh Kentucky since May 26, 1864. On that day Colonel S. A. Strickland, Fiftieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, arrived and took command of the Third Brigade at Burnt Hickory:

On the 27th we marched as train guard and camped near Pumpkin Vine Creek. On May 28 we moved up, and having reported to General Hascall, commanding Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, took position in line on the left of the corps. May 30, took position in front line. May 31, the enemy attacked our lines of trenches and are repulsed.

June 1, still skirmishing. June 2, moved forward in direction of rebel battery and threw up barricades. June 3, skirmishing; the enemy left their works in our front and we took possession of them. June 4, moved to the left. June 5, behind barricades on left of Second Division; moved to the front one mile and a half in support of Colonel Hobson, and finding only a few rebel cavalry returned at dusk. June 7, moved a mile and a half forward. June 9, out with division on reconnaissance. June 11, advanced two and a half miles, threw up barricade, and were shelled by enemy. June 13, Company

