
and connected with the left of the Fourteenth Corps. In this position it remained until the morning of the 30th, at 4 a. m., when Lieutenant-Colonel Morse, Second Massachusetts Infantry, commanding the picket of the brigade, having advanced upon and surprised and captured the enemy's pickets in his front, securing a commanding hill near one of the advanced posts of the enemy the regiment was ordered to support the picket-line of the brigade and hold the hill. The regiment moved promptly to the hill, threw up breast-works under the severest fire of the enemy's infantry and artillery, at a range of about 400 yards. At 11 a. m. it returned to its old position, having been relieved by the Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers, Captain Harris commanding. In that affair the regiment lost 3 men killed and 1 commissioned officer and 6 men wounded. The regiment remained in works before Atlanta thirty-five days, during all the time exposed to the enemy's artillery and his infantry sharpshooters, but fortunately suffered only two casualties in this position-1 man's leg broken by a 20-pound shell, and 1 man shot through the arm severely by a rebel sharpshooter; also, a few casualties on the picket-line, mentioned below. On the 25th of August at 8.30 a. m. this regiment left is brigade and marched to the railroad bridge across the Chattahoochee and commenced building works, felling timber and strengthening the position, which was occupied by its brigade that night. On the afternoon of September 2, Atlanta having been evacuated by the enemy, the regiment, with its brigade, marched into the city at 8 p. m., when the regiment was detailed by General Slocum for provost guard duty, where it has remained ever since, encamped in the park of the City Hall, under command of Captain R. B. Brown, Colonel Cogsell and Lieutenant-Colonel Morse having been appointed commander and provost-marshal of the post, respectively. Subjoined is a report of the casualties during the campaign, commencing on the 28th of April and ending September 2, 1864, a period of 126 days.*

W. COGSWELL,

Colonel Second Massachusetts Infantry.

Lieutenant E. F. FAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 189.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles F. Morse, Second Massachusetts Infantry, of operations May 23-June 29.

Mazy 23, the regiment, with its corps, marched at 4 a. m., and crossed the Etowah River in the afternoon, going into camp on the south bank. May 24, the regiment detailed as guard to ordnance train; camped near Raccoon Creek. May 25, joined the brigade at 8 a. m. and marched to Pumpkin Vine Creek; the regiment left there to hold the bridge; threw up works for its defense. May 26, 27, and 28, still at the bridge doing guard duty. May 29, regiment detailed to escort a hospital train of wounded to Kingston; marched at 12 m.; camped on the north side of Raccoon Creek. May 30, marched at 4 a. m.; reached Kingston at noon; camped there.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 4 men killed, 3 officers and 38 men wounded, and 2 men captured or missing; total, 47.

---------------

