
Numbers 344.

Report of Captain Andrew J. Bailey, Twenty-seventh Kentucky Infantry, of operations August 13-September 8.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SEVENTH KENTUCKY VOL. INFANTRY,Decatur, Ga., September 9, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit a report of the operations of the Twenty-seventh Regiment Kentucky Volunteers from August 13 to September 8, inclusive.

On August 13 the regiment was in position behind strong works between the Fiftieth Ohio and Twentieth Kentucky and fronting rebel works covering the railroad, about a mile above East Point. On the 19th and 20th ordered into works a mile and a half to our right, holding them during the day, while a movement was made farther to the right, and returning to our old position at night. Moved on the 27th into new works to our right and rear, and on the next night marched in rear of the brigade four miles to the right. 29th, moved two and a half miles farther to the right, and 30th, moved three miles and encamped on West Point railroad. 31st, marched within one mile and a half of Macon railroad.

September 1, moved three miles down Macon railroad, destroying same. Marched seven miles on the 2nd as train guard, and camped two miles from Jonesborough, and remained there on the 3rd and 4th. Moved at 4 p. m. on the 5th with train through a swamp to rear, six miles, requiring the entire night to accomplish it. On the 6th moved seven miles to the rear with corps train, a mile beyond Rough and Ready Station. Continued march to Atlanta on the 7th. Moved on the 8th to Decatur; rejoined brigade and went into camp.

Only 2 casualties occurred during the time; 1 orderly sergeant badly wounded and 1 private accidentally shot.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. BAILEY,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. F. CROWLEY,

A. A. A. G., 3rd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 23rd Army Corps.

Numbers 345.

Reports of Major Hamilton S. Gillespie, Fiftieth Ohio Infantry, of operations May 27-September 8.

Military history of the Fiftieth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, from the time it entered the Provisional Brigade, Colonel Silas A. Strickland, in Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, until August 12, 1864, comprising marches, changes of position, and casualties as they occurred from day to day:

May 27, Fiftieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel George R. Elstner commanding, was placed in Provisional Brigade, commanded by Colonel Silas A. Strickland, in Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, and left camp at Burnt Hickory for the front, camping at night within three miles of the enemy's pickets. May 28, move to the front and take position on the left center, in rear line, build breast-works in front of Fourteenth Kentucky. Rebels make three

