
the Atlanta road about half a mile and find the enemy in strong works; halt and build works; wounded, H. L. Baker, Company B, mortally; William Lillick, corporal, Company G; D. S. Davenport, Company B. June 24, remain in works; no change in position. June 25, build works a few yards in advance; at work all night. June 26, again advance and throw up works. June 27, rebels charge our position, but are repulsed; wounded, Second Lieutenant William H. Reed, Company I. June 28, enemy feel our lines twice, but no heavy fighting. June 29, no change in our position. June 30, relieved by a briade of the Twentieth Corps, and move to the rear; wounded, George H. Garrett, corporal, Company E, mortally.

July 1, moved about six miles on the right; considerable fighting along the route; very hot, and several men sunstruck; wounded, W. Hamilton Burns, Company B. July 2, relieved by a brigade of the Fifteenth Corps; move to the left and build works; men very nearly worn out. July 3, Fiftieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry makes a reconnaissance, advancing about a mile to Nickajack Creek, successfully accomplishing the object aimed at; wounded, David Noble, color corporal, Company K. July 4, remain in our works. July 5, move out about one mile and halt; Sixteenth Corps passing; in the evening move back to our original position. July 6, at 6.30 a. m. move to the left on the Sandtown road and go into camp on the railroad. July 7, no change in position. July 8, at 7 a. m. move to the left several miles, where Third Division, Twenty-third Corps, crosses the Chattahoochee, and captures a small field piece; pitch tents. July 9 and 10, no change; camped on banks of Chattahoochee. July 11, at 2 p. m. cross the Chattahoochee and take position in advance works. July 12, 13, and 14, no change in position. July 15, several men belonging to the brigade captured while foraging; Hugh Furn, Company D, captured. July 16, no change in position; ordered to be ready to move at 7 a. m. July 17, advance across Nancy's Creek and build works; pitch tents. July 18, make a march of ten miles and camp on Peach Tree Creek, six miles from Decatur. July 19, after sharp skirmishing enter Decatur; no casualties in Fiftieth. July 20, advance to within three miles of Atlanta; heavy skirmishing with the enemy; build works; killed, Louis Napoleon, Company H; wounded, Laburn Winchester, Company K, mortally; John F. Ervin, Company C. July 21, rebels evacuate at night; wounded, John Humphrey, Company B. July 22, move into rebel works and forward on Atlanta; halt in sight of enemy's main line and build works; enemy shell us savagely; killed, Thomas Shyrene, Company K; wounded, Henry C. Hall, Company K. July 23 and 24, no change in position; strengthen our works. July 25, still no change; wounded, John P. Tice, Company G. July 26, build works in our rear; heavy details from regiment; wounded, James Doak, Company B; William H. Gregg, Company G, mortally. July 27, move back into new lines. July 28, and 29, no change in position. July 30, no change; wounded, Robert Boyer, Company G, slight. July 31, no change in position.

August 1, in the evening move about two miles to the right and rear. August 2, march to the extreme right, a distance of about ten miles and build works; enemy not met in force; Fiftieth in advance; wounded, Valentine Klump, Company G. August 3, advance our lines to the ridge about a mile in front; rebels contest stoutly for the position, but are driven off. The brigade captured

