
30 or 40 prisoners; built works, rebels shelling us vigorously; killed, Charles J. Medberry, first sergeant Company G; wounded, A. Anderson, first lieutenant Company G; Vincent Bressaslo, Company K; William Worland, Company D; Thomas Pullem, Company H; Patrick Dailey, Company H; Nathan S. Dunn, corporal, Company E; John R. Coulter, Company E; John W. Carr, Company E. August 4, strengthen our works; rebels again shell us; killed, Joseph Henley, sergeant, Company E; wounded, John Barr, Company E; Walker McGinnis, Company B. August 5, no change in position; wounded, J. H. Haney, second lieutenant Company B. August 6, move about three miles to the right; built works at night. August 7, move forward and occupy rebel works evacuated during the night; in reserve. August 8, Fiftieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry deployed as skirmishers; they advance about a mile, driving the rebel cavalry before them. In a gallant charge on the rebel rifle-pits Lieutenant Colonel George R. Elstner was killed and George G. Garvie, Company H, and John A. Brawley, Company C, wounded. On the death of Lieutenant-Colonel Elstner, the command devolved upon Major H. S. Gillespie, who successfully followed up the charge, taking the rifle-pits, and holding them until after night, and only abandoned them when nearly surrounded by a large force of the enemy. One man was taken prisoner, George Hartman, Company H. August 9, advance about half a mile and build works. August 10, strengthen works. August 11, Fiftieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry aids in building works for Twenty-seventh Kentucky; no change in position. August 12, no change in position.

The above is as nearly correct as can from imperfect data be collected.

Very respectfully, yours,

HAMILTON S. GILLESPIE,

Major, Commanding Fiftieth Regiment Ohio Vol. Infantry.

Lieutenant JEROME F. CROWLEY,

A. A. A. G., 3rd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 23rd Army Corps.

Military history of Fiftieth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry from 12th day of August to the 8th day of September, 1864.

August 12, Fiftieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry in front line on extreme right of the army. August 13, usual skirmishing; no change in position. August 14, no change. August 15, no change; John Artest, Company D, wounded in hand. August 16, heavy working parties detailed to build flank works. August 17, work continued. August 18, Jesse W. Lennox, sergeant, Company B, mortally wounded; quiet in camp. August 19, demonstration on the right, Fiftieth Ohio Veteran Volunteers temporarily [sic]. August 20, operations of the 19th repeated; August Bertro, Company A, severely wounded. August 21 to 25, remained quietly in camp. August 26, build works to the rear. August 27, went into rear works, whole army moving. August 28, move about four miles, camping near Mount Gilead Church in Atlanta road. August 29, at 12 m. march in rear of wagon train a distance of two miles and camp. August 30, march to Red Oak Station, on West Point and Montgomery Railroad; camp. August 31, resume the march at 4.30 a. m., and camp at night eight miles from Red Oak, in rebel works. September 1, march about twelve miles and camp on railroad, which is totally destroyed. Sep-

