
tember 2, march about ten miles and camp on left of Fourth Corps. September 3, take position and build works; Fiftieth in second line. September 4, remain quietly in camp. September 5, enemy shell camp, but inflict no damage; in the evening retrograde movements commenced, the march extremely disagreeable and fatiguing. September 6, remain in camp near railroad. September 7, march to within six miles of Atlanta and camp. September 8, march to Decatur and go into camp near railroad.

I certify that the above report is correct.

Respectfully,

HAMILTON S. GILLESPIE,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Numbers 346.

Report of Captain Joseph C. Shields, Nineteenth Ohio Battery, Chief of Artillery, Second Division.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH OHIO BATTERY,Decatur, Ga., September 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to submit the following report of operations of the artillery in the Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, from May 7 to September 9, 1864:

May 9, Nineteenth Ohio Battery took position at 1 p. m. and opened fire on the enemy's works, and in a short time silenced the enemy's guns. May 10, at 8 a. m. our line commenced swinging around. After the line had fallen back almost to a right angle to its former position, the battery was ordered into camp, where we remained till the morning of the 12th, when we took up line of march for Resaca, by way of Snake Creek Gap. After passing through the gap we halted within two miles of the Dalton road for dinner, after which Battery F, First Michigan Artillery, and Nineteenth Ohio Battery were ordered to form in line in rear of second line of infantry, where we marched two miles over logs, stumps, rocks, fences, and ravines, until we came to the Dalton road, where we remained during the night.

May 14, at 2 p. m. Battery F, First Michigan, and Nineteenth Ohio were ordered into position on top of a ridge in front of the enemy's works near Resaca, where they opened fire about 3 p. m., silencing the enemy's guns, and driving them from their works; afterward shelling the woods until dark; remained in position until the morning of the 15th, when the batteries were relieved by the batteries of the First Division, Twenty-third Army Corps. At 12 m. the batteries moved with the Second Division to the support of the Twentieth Corps on the left, but the enemy fell back and we bivouacked for the night. The 16th, 17th, 18th, 19th, and 20th, were on the march. 21st and 22d, lay in camp at Pettit's Creek. 23rd and 24th, on the march; one section of Battery F, First Michigan, went into position after crossing the Etowah River and fired a few rounds. 25th and 26th, on the march. 27th, went into position, there we remained till 1 p. m. The Nineteenth Ohio was ordered to report to General Howard on the left, when we went into position at dark and remained until the evening of the 30th, firing about fifty rounds, when we were relieved and ordered to report to the Twenty-third Army Corps.

