
June 1 and 2, on the march. June 3, both batteries went into position. June 4, took in the rebel works. June 5 and 6, remained in position. June 7, were on the march. 8th, in camp. 9th, one section of Battery F, First Michigan, and one section of Nineteenth Ohio Battery went on a reconnaissance; went three miles; found the enemy in strong force in works. 10th, moved three miles, took position in front of the enemy's line, where we remained in position until the 15th. 16th and 17th, on the march. 18th, in camp. 19th, on the march. 20th and 21st, in camp. 22d, moved four miles and took position in an open field, Battery F, First Michigan, in the road, when the enemy attempted to break our lines, but were repulsed with heavy loss. 23d, moved forward within 300 yards of the enemy's works, where we remained until the 30th. Nineteenth Ohio Battery had 4 men wounded and 1 killed, and Battery F, First Michigan, 2 men wounded. The Twenty-second Indiana Battery reported for duty on the 29th.

July 1, were ordered to advance Twenty-second Indiana Battery in rear of First Brigade; moved two miles and encountered the enemy's artillery, when the first section of the Twenty-second Battery took position in an open field and drove the enemy from their position. Captain Denning, of the Twenty-second Battery, was killed. At dark the three batteries went into position, where they remained until the 6th, when we moved to the railroad at Ruff's Station, where we remained until the 8th, when we took up the march for the Chattahoochee River, where we arrived about noon, and the Nineteenth Ohio Battery and Twenty-second Indiana took position on a hill near Isham's Ferry; Battery F on the bank of the river one mile down the river. 9th, crossed the river and went into camp. 10th, Nineteenth Ohio went into position, where they remained until the 13th. 14th, on the march. 15th, all the batteries in position, where they remained until the 17th, when we marched four miles and went into position. 18th, on the march. 19th, moved toward Decatur; one section of Nineteenth Ohio went into position and shelled the town for nearly one hour, when the infantry went in and took possession of it. 20th, on the march. 21st, Battery F and Twenty-second Indiana went into position. 22d, moved up in front of Atlanta; all the batteries went into position and shelled the enemy's works. 23d, fired at intervals of fifteen minutes during the day. Remained in position until the evening of August 1, at 7 p. m., when we moved three miles and bivouacked for the night.

August 2, on the march. August 3, Battery F and Nineteenth Ohio went into position on the bank of Big Peach Tree Creek. 4th, crossed the creek; three batteries went into position and built works under fire of the enemy's artillery, where we remained until the 6th, when we moved back into camp. 7th, on the march. 8th, all guns in position; at 12 m. one section of Nineteenth Ohio took position in front of the skirmish line and fired until dark, when the other section was moved up into position, where they remained until the 18th. The 10th, Battery F, First Michigan, and Twenty-second Indiana moved across Mud Creek and took position, where they remained until the 18th, when they took position farther to the right. 19th, the Nineteenth Ohio Battery took position in an open field; moved one piece out 800 yards in front of the lines, and opened fire on the enemy's works, the other batteries firing at intervals during the day; batteries remained in position until the 28th, when they moved three miles and all went into position. 29th, on the march.

