
30th, marched five miles and went into position. 31st, on the march, and took possession of the enemy's works; Battery F and Nineteenth Ohio went into position.

September 1, on the march. 2d, on the march; went into [camp] at 7 p. m., where we remained until the morning of the 5th, when we started for Decatur, where we arrived on the 8th at 2 p. m.; Battery F, First Michigan, and Nineteenth Ohio went into position, Twenty-second Indiana in reserve, where we still remain.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

J. C. SHIELDS,

Captain 19th Ohio Batty., Chief of Arty., 2nd Div., 23rd A. C.

Captain E. R. KERSTETTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General of Volunteers.

Numbers 347.

Reports of Captain Edward W. Nicholson, Twenty-second Indiana Battery, of operations June 29-September 8.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SECOND BATTY. INDIANA VOL. ARTY.,In the Field, August 25, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to the circular issued from headquarters Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, dated July 30, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Twenty-second Battery Indiana Volunteer Artillery, during its connection with the Second Division, up to August 13, 1864:

We arrived at the headquarters Twenty-third Army Corps on the afternoon of June 29, and were immediately assigned to the Second Division and to the Third Brigade for the purpose of drawing forage and rations. One day was granted us in which to prepare for active duty in the field. Two of our guns (10-pounder Parrotts) were turned over to the Sixth Michigan Battery, leaving us with but four guns (12-pounder Napoleons). On the evening of June 30 orders were received to hold ourselves in readiness to march at 6 a. m. of the next day. In accordance therewith the command was promptly in readiness, and were ordered to march at 7 o'clock. At 7.30 we moved into the road and waited for half an hour until all was ready, when we moved forward about two miles, and were ordered to halt until the infantry should gain the front and take up their respective positions in order of battle. When all was ready the advance was continued, the first section of our battery, accompanied by Captain B. F. Denning and Lieutenant Ed. W. Nicholson, was ordered forward with the infantry, while the remaining section, together with the caissons and baggage, under the command of Lieutenants Swain and Huston, remained in the rear at the position occupied by the Fifteenth Indiana Battery. We had advanced scarcely half a mile when the enemy opened upon us a fire of solid shot and shell from a section of 12-pounder guns, the locality of which was soon discovered by Captain J. C. Shields, chief of artillery, Second Division, and our section was immediately ordered to the front to silence their fire if possible. Moving briskly forward to the edge of a small plantation, the rebel artillery was discovered posted at the right of the road and some 300 or more yards in the advance. We immediately advanced into the open field at the left of the road, and opened a fire of shot and shell upon the rebel guns,

