
which obliged them to retire hurriedly, without waiting to exchange shots. Captain Shields, chief of artillery, then directed Captain Denning to fix prolonged and fire advancing. Captain Denning, while attending in person to this part of his duty, fell from his horse, mortally wounded by a rebel sharpshooter. He was immediately borne to the rear and medical assistance immediately rendered, but of no avail. He died on the 3rd of July, regretted by all. Thus perished a brave soul in his first battle with the foes of his country. The second section was immediately ordered forward; advancing a mile to the front, it shelled the retreating enemy until ordered to return. In the mean time the first section returned half a mile and took up a position to the left of the road, about three-quarters of a mile, already occupied by Colonel Hobson's brigade, where we again opened fire upon a howitzer battery, which we silenced in a short time, dismounting a gun and killing and wounding a number of their men. Nothing further of interest transpired until the crossing of the Chattahoochee at Isham's Ferry, or the mouth of Soap Creek, on the 8th of July, where we again went into position to cover the laying of the pontoons. No resistance of any importance, however, being made, the battery was not actively engaged. On the 11th we crossed the river and went into camp, in which we remained until the 14th, when a short march of about five miles was made, where we encamped until the 18th, when we moved out on the Decatur road, which place we reached at 12 m. on the 19th. On the 20th we moved out on the Atlanta road to the rear and right of the Third Division, resting on the cross-roads, where we lay until noon, when we were ordered to the left, which we reached about 3 p. m. At about 4 o'clock we advanced and opened fire, driving the enemy back to their rifle-pits. A steady fire was kept up until dark, when we fell back to our old position, where we remained until the 22d. In this engagement we had 2 men severely wounded--Orderly Sergt. James T. McDonald and Private Robert H. Walker. On the 22nd we moved early on the Atlanta road until within probably one mile and a half of the city, where we found the enemy strongly intrenched. We immediately took up our position behind some hastily-constructed defenses, and immediately opened fire upon the enemy, which was kept up unceasingly until dark. We held this position until the 31st, shelling the city of Atlanta at intervals during the time. Under cover of the night of the 31st we began our march toward the right of the army, which we reached in the afternoon of the 2nd of August too late to get into a position where our guns could prove of much service, but on the 3rd we partially fortified a position, and were ordered to open our fire at 6.15 p. m., which we did, firing until dark. During the night we completed our works, and during the next day shelled the enemy from time to time. We were at this point in a very bad position, the enemy having an enfilading fire upon us from the right; fortunately, however, no losses occurred. From this time until the present the battery has not participated actively, with the exception of a few shots fired by the first section at the rebel skirmishers on the 12th of August, which, however, produced no permanent result.

The conduct of both officers and men has at all times been of the most praiseworthy description, and shows that they may be fully relied on in the hour of need.

Annexed is a report of casualties: Wounded, mortally, 1; severely, 2. Horses disabled, 2; wounded slightly, 3.

