
Ammunition expended as follows: July 1 to August 13, number of rounds of all kinds, 1,421--solid shot, 415; spherical case, 463; shell, 543.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. W. NICHOLSON,

Lieutenant, Commanding Twenty-second Battery Indiana Vol. Arty.

Brigadier-General HASCALL,

Commanding Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SECOND BATTY. INDIANA VOL. ARTY.,Decatur, September 10, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to furnish herewith a statement of the further operations of my command from August 25, 1864, to September 8, 1864.

On the 25th of August I received orders to prepare for a movement, which was done with the utmost expedition, but made no movement until the 28th, when I moved out on the road and halted to await further orders, which I received at 5.30 p. m. The line of march was immediately resumed and continued until 9 p. m., when we encamped at Mount Gilead Church, where we lay until the next day until 3 p. m., when we moved forward about one mile and a half and went into position on a small eminence facing to the rear, and supported by the First Brigade, under General Cooper. Resumed the march the next day and reached the Montgomery railroad, where we went into camp for the night. On the 31st moved across toward the Macon railroad and encamped in front of a long line of rebel works which had been evacuated the evening before.

September 1, reached the Macon railroad and moved to a point six miles beyond Rough and Ready Station, and went into camp for the night to the left of the road about half a mile. Moving from there the next morning, we reached the rebel lines on the evening of the 2d, where we lay in camp. Not engaged in any action until the 5th, when we took up our line of march for Decatur, which we reached on the 8th and went into camp, where we still remain.

No casualties occurred during the time, nor did we expend any ammunition. Our only loss was that of horses, which died rapidly.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. W. NICHOLSON,

Captain, Commanding Twenty-second Battery Indiana Vol. Arty.

Captain J. C. SHIELDS.

Numbers 348.

Report of Captain Byron D. Puddock, Battery F, First Michigan Light Artillery, of operations May 7-20.
HDQRS. BATTY. F, FIRST Regiment MICHIGAN LIGHT ARTY.,Pettit's Creek, Ga., May 21, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the part performed by Battery F, First Michigan Light Artillery, in the march of the grand army into Georgia:

On the morning of the 7th instant left camp at Red Clay, Ga., marching in rear of the Nineteenth Ohio Battery. About noon

