
May 31, June 1, 2, 3, in camp at Kingston, engaged in drilling recruits. June 4, marched as part of a wagon guard; at 5 p. m. camped on north side of the Etowah. June 5, marched at 7 a. m.; camped at 2 p. m. on north side of Raccoon Creek. June 6, Captain Crowninshield wounded by a guerrilla; marched at 4 p.m.; camped near Burnt Hickory at 11 p. m. June 7, marched about twelve miles and camped near the Twenty-third Corps. June 8, joined the corps early in the morning and went into camp. June 9 and 10, in camp. June 11, in the afternoon moved into position near Pine Mountain; threw up a strong line of works. June 12, our works being strengthened. June 13 and 14, in camp. June 15, moved at 2 p. m. with the rest of the division as support to General Geary; went into position after dark on the extreme left of the division. June 16, the regiment moved into the second line. June 17, the enemy having evacuated their position, we advanced our lines about two miles; went into position about 4 p. m. and threw up a line of works. June 10, the enemy left our front before daylight; we advanced about three miles and threw up works. June 20, relieved at 5 a. m. by troops of Fourth Corps; marched to the right about three miles; threw up a line of works. June 21, changed position slightly. June 22, the division moved to the right about a mile; our line attacked while going into position; the enemy severely repulsed; the regiment not engaged; threw up works. June 23, 24, and 25, in camp. June 26, moved at 3.30 a. m. a short distance to the left; threw up works. June 27, moved to the left and occupied [works] of the Second Division, General Geary having advanced his line; the regiment exposed to a heavy artillery fire all day; at night moved back into our position of the morning. June 28 and 29, remained in camp. June 30, Colonel Cogswell arrived and assumed command of the regiment.

C. F. MORSE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second Regiment Massachusetts Infantry.

Numbers 190.

Report of Colonel Ezra A. Carman, Thirteenth New Jersey Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLS.,Atlanta, Ga., September 6, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with circular from brigade headquarters of this date, I have the honor of making the following report of the operations of the Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers from the beginning of the campaign to the present date:

Tuesday, April 26, 1864, struck tents at Duck River bridge, Tenn., where we had been encamped during the winter, and marched to Tullahoma, Tenn., where we joined the brigade. I commenced on this day with 21 commissioned officers and 413 enlisted men. On the 27th 1 officer (surgeon) was discharged and 18 enlisted men sent to hospital, leaving in my command at the commencement of the campaign 20 commissioned officers and 395 enlisted men. April 28, left Tullahoma and marched to Decherd. April 29. left Decherd and marched to University Place, on the Cumberland Mountains. April 30, marched from University Place and camped at evening on Battle Creek.

