
went into battery, prepared for action; remained there about three hours; again resumed the march and camped for the night about seven miles from Red Clay. On the 8th instant marched in the same order as before and parked about dark three miles from Tunnel Hill Station, near Rocky Face Ridge, where we remained in masterly inactivity till the morning of the 12th instant, when we again took up the line of march for Snake Creek Gap, passing through Tunnel Hill Station; marched about six miles and camped at 8 o'clock. On the 13th instant camp was aroused at 1 a. m.; marched about fifteen miles, passing through Snake Creek Gap at 4 p. m.; formed in line of battle on the left of the Nineteenth Ohio Battery; advanced in line about a mile and a half and remained during the night. On the 14th instant, about 5 p. m., in obedience to orders received from Major-General Sherman, took a position on an eminence in front of and distant about 700 yards from the enemy's fortifications; fired seventy rounds of ammunition, percussion and fuze shell, with good effect. On the 15th instant marched about five miles to the left and parked near Potato Hill battle-ground. On the 16th instant, by order of Brigadier-General Judah, marched in rear of the Third Division; went into park about 10 p. m., having marched ten miles. On the 17th instant crossed the Coosawattee River by ferry and went into camp about 3 a. m. of the 18th. On the 18th instant, by order of Brigadier-General Cox, left the road on which the Third Division was marching; moved on the Calhoun road till it intersected the road on which the Second Division marched; reported to Brigadier-General Judah about 5 p. m. near Cedar Creek. On the morning of the 19th instant resumed our march with the Second Division, marching about ten miles, and camped in front of Cassville. 20th instant passed through Cassville and camped on Pettit's Creek, having marched about six miles.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. D. PADDOCK,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

Captain E. R. KERSTETTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 349.

Report of Lieutenant Marshall M. Miller, Battery F, First Michigan Light Artillery, of operations August 26-September 8.
HDQRS. BATTY. F, FIRST Regiment MICHIGAN LIGHT ARTY.,Near Decatur, Ga., September 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to say I took command of the battery on the evening of the 26th of August, and received orders to march at 3 a. m. of the 27th. I moved my battery in rear of some works built for artillery and remained about two hours, and moved to another position, distance in all about three-quarters of a mile, and fired six rounds at the enemy's works. Received orders to be ready to march at a moment's warning. On the morning of the 28th fired four rounds to-day at the enemy's works. Left camp at 12 m., marched nine miles, and went into battery in a large field and remained for the night. Received orders to march at 3 p. m. of the 29th; marched one mile and a half, and went into battery on a hill and there re-

