
mained for the night. Received orders to march at 6 a. m. Left camp at 12 m., marched four miles, and went into battery on the south side of the Montgomery and Atlanta Railroad. August 31, marched at 4.30 a. m.; marched six miles and went into battery by rebel works and strengthened fortifications and remained for the night.

September 1, marched at 5 a. m.; marched ten miles, and encamped near Atlanta and Macon Railroad. September 2, received orders to march at 6 a. m.; left at 9 a. m., marched ten miles, and encamped on a creek near the enemy's lines. September 3, moved camp to the top of a hill and remained in camp. September 4, remained in [camp]. September 5, left camp at 12 m., marched twelve miles, and encamped near the Atlanta and Macon Railroad. September 6, remained in camp. September 7, marched 15 miles, and went into park at 7 p. m. September 8, marched at 7 a. m., and went into battery near Decatur, Ga., at 3 p. m., after marching eight miles, where the battery now lies.

Captain B. D. Paddock had command of the battery up to the evening of the 26th of August, and as I had a section in charge most of the time on the front line, I am not posted in regard to the movements of the battery, for I did not keep any record of its maneuvering before the evening of the 26th of August, 1864.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

M. M. MILLER,

Lieutenant, Commanding Battery F.

Captain J. C. SHIELDS,

Chief of Artillery, Second Division, 23rd Army Corps.

Numbers 350.

Reports of Captain Joseph C. Shields, Nineteenth Ohio Battery.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH OHIO BATTERY,In the Field, May 21, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to make the following report concerning the marches and engagements of the Nineteenth Ohio Battery since May 7, 1864:

May 7, 5 a. m., marched nine miles in the direction of Rocky Face Ridge; camped for the night. May 8, 7.30 a. m., moved up to the foot of the ridge, where we remained during the day; 6 p. m., moved west of the ridge, went into camp for the night. May 9, 10 a. m., moved round into the valley east side of Rocky Face Ridge, advanced slowly until 12 m., when we took position 1,200 yards from the enemy's works, and opened fire on them and in a short time silenced their guns; at 7 p. m. all was quiet except the skirmishers. May 10, 8 a. m., our lines commenced falling back slowly; after the lines had fallen back almost to a right angle to their former position the battery was ordered into camp; about 10 o'clock an alarm was given that the enemy was advancing, when we again took position on the northeast point of Rocky Face Ridge, where we remained for two or three hours, and were again ordered into camp, where we remained till the morning of the 12th. 8 a. m., started on our march in the direction of Snake Creek Gap, marched ten miles, and camped for the night on the Claybourn farm. May 13, 1 a. m., got ready to march, but did not move until daylight, passed through

