
Snake Creek Gap at 2 p. m., a distance of nine miles, went into battery on top of a ridge; remained till 4.30 p. m., when our lines advanced, we marching in line in the rear until we reached the Dalton road, a distance of one mile and a half, where we remained during the night. May 14, -- a. m., lines commenced advancing through an open field; advanced through a skirt of woods and encountered the enemy; 2 p. m., battery was ordered to the front and went into battery on top of a hill near Resaca in rear of the Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps. Opened fire on the enemy and drove them from their works, afterward shelling the woods until dark. Lost 2 horses during the engagement. None of my men killed or wounded. Ammunition expended, 188 rounds. Ceased firing about 7 p. m., but remained in position till the morning of May 15, when we were relieved by the batteries of the First Division, Twenty-third Army Corps; 12 m., moved with the division in the direction of Tilton to re-enforce the Twentieth Army Corps, but the enemy fell back and we bivouacked for the night. May 16, 1 p. m., left camp, marched ten miles, crossed the Connesauga River, went into camp at 9 p. m. May 17, 4 a. m., marched to the Coosawattee River, crossed over, remained till 7 p. m., when we were ordered to move; halted at 3 a. m. morning of the 18th, after marching a distance of about eight miles; 8.30 a. m., marched about fifteen miles. May 19, 5 a. m., marched eight miles and went into camp. May 20, 6.30 a. m., moved out slowly on the road, passed through Cassville at 8 a. m., marching four miles south, driving the enemy before us; 8 p. m., went into camp near Pettit's Creek.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

J. C. SHIELDS,

Captain Nineteenth Ohio Battery.

Brigadier General M. S. HASCALL,

Commanding Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH OHIO BATTERY,Decatur, Ga., September 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following history of the Nineteenth Ohio Battery from June 1, 1864, to the present date:

June 1, 7 p. m., moved two miles and went into camp. June 2, 7 a. m., moved half a mile; 4 p. m., moved to the extreme left and went into camp. June 3, moved into position, 500 yards from enemy's works. June 4, 11 a. m., took position in rebel works; fired six rounds by order of Major-General Sherman. June 5 and 6, nothing done. June 7, moved two miles and went into camp. June 8, nothing transpired. June 9, went on reconnaissance; went three miles and found the enemy in works; returned at 5 p. m. June 10, 6 a. m., moved four miles; took position in front of the enemy's works; fired two rounds. June 11, remained in position; fired forty-three rounds. June 12, moved farther to the left and fired fourteen rounds; 1 man wounded. June 13 and 14, all quiet. June 15, fired 159 rounds; shelled the enemy and drove them from their works. June 16, 9 a. m., moved one miles. June 17, 1 p. m., moved three miles and went into camp. June 18, remained in camp. June 19, 2 p. m., moved three miles. June 20, remained in camp; drew thirty-three horses. June 21, remained in camp. June 22, 10 a. m., moved four miles and took position in an open field; the enemy

