
moved two miles and went into park for the night. August 30, marched five miles; put the guns in position; built no works. August 31, marched seven miles and took possession of the rebel works.

September 1, marched eight miles along the Macon railroad and went into camp. September 2, 6 a. m., moved five miles; went into camp in rear of the Fourth Army Corps, where we remained until 2 p. m. of the 5th, when we started back for Decatur, where we arrived on the 8th at 2 p. m., and where we still remain.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

J. C. SHIELDS,

Captain Nineteenth Ohio Battery.

Captain EDMUND R. KERSTETTER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Div., 23rd Army Corps.

Numbers 351.

Reports of Brigadier General Jacob D. Cox, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Isham's Ford, Ga., July 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements and operations of this division for the period reaching from May 7 to May 16 last:

On the 7th of May, in accordance with orders received from corps headquarters, the division (then consisting of two brigades, the First commanded by Colonel J. W. Reilly, One hundred and fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and the Second by Brigadier General M. D. Manson), marched from camp near Red Clay, on the Georgia and Tennessee State line, taking the Catoosa Springs road to Ellidge's Mill, and thence southerly to the Ringgold and Varnell's Station road at Doctor Lee's house, this division having the advance of the corps, and at Doctor Lee's relieving Newton's division, of the Fourth Corps, which moved toward Tunnel Hill Station. We took position on the ridge running nearly north and south, facing southeasterly, covering the Varnell's Station road and the cross-roads leading to Ellidge's Mill and other points in rear, Reilly's brigade on the right, Manson's on the left. One regiment from Reilly's (the One hundredth Ohio, Colonel Slevin commanding) was sent forward on the Varnell's Station road to the gap beyond Kincannon's Cross-Roads to support the cavalry of Brigadier-General McCook. May 8, Reilly's brigade marched east to Kincannon's Cross-Roads, and thence south one mile to Huffacre's (see accompanying map), Manson's brigade taking position at Kincannon's, upon the northern continuation of Rocky Face Ridge, and the whole division being upon the left of the other divisions of the corps and upon the extreme left of the army. May 9, advanced southeasterly to Burke's, on the Varnell's Station and Dalton road, and formed the division in line across the ridge, immediately east of Rocky Face, the right connecting with Judah's division in the valley went of us, and the left, somewhat refused, covering the Dalton road, the front being covered with a heavy line of skirmishers. The division advanced, keeping pace with Judah's division and preserving the

