
alignment upon it until the two divisions were swung forward at right angles to Rocky Face, and connecting with troops of the Fourth Corps immediately in front of the enemy's works, which extended across Rocky Face Ridge and the valleys and ridges east of it to Potato Hill. The whole march along the ridge in line was a difficult one from the nature of the ground, the formation being a rough, sharp, and very rocky backbone, with deep ravines cutting down to right and left, and the whole covered with timber and a very dense undergrowth. The enemy's skirmishers were driven back nearly the whole distance, a lively running fight being kept up. About the middle of the afternoon I received orders to make a demonstration with one regiment upon the works in my front, in order to assist an assault to be made by other troops on my right upon the enemy's position on the crest of Rocky Face. The One hundredth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, of Reilly's brigade (which had the right of the division), was ordered forward and pushed vigorously up to short musket-range of the fortifications in our front, driving the rebel skirmishers into the works, which were found to consist of a strong line of field fortifications for batteries on the higher points of ground, connected by a curtain of infantry trenches. The advanced position thus taken was maintained under a very rapid fire of musketry and some artillery until about 8 p. m., when the regiment was withdrawn and the skirmish line re-established nearly in the former position. Occasional efforts were made by the enemy to drive back our left by artillery fire from Potato Hill, and a bickering skirmish fight was kept up along the whole line throughout the day. May 10, at 8 a. m. orders were received to retire in line along the ridge we marched over in advance yesterday, then change front to the rear on right battalion, and go into position on the northern prolongation of Rocky Face, fronting eastward, allowing room for Hovey's division, which had been in reserve, to encamp in line between this division and that of General Judah, whose left rested near Harris' house. The movement was made by the brigades with very satisfactory precision, although it was closely followed by the enemy's cavalry, who kept up an almost uninterrupted fight with our skirmish line, which covered the rear in the movement. May 12, marched at 5 a. m. through Tunnel Hill Station to a point three miles north of Villanow on the road to Snake Creek Gap, making a considerable detour to the right to avoid the trains of the Army of the Cumberland. May 13, marched at 1 a. m. to Snake Creek Gap through the fortifications of the Army of the Tennessee and into position across the Rome and Dalton road northeast of the mouth of the gap, Reilly's brigade resting its left on lower part of the ridge, and Manson's continuing the line to the right across the road, and later in the day connecting with Judah's division, which took position on my right. Early in the afternoon Manson's brigade was sent forward on a reconnaissance, and reached Martin's Store, on the Dalton road where it branches, the right fork going to Tilton. He then learned that a division of the enemy's infantry had but an hour before left that position, moving toward Resaca. About 3 o'clock the division moved forward to take position in line with the rest of the army nearly along the Calhoun road. In making this movement the whole line swung so far to the right (making nearly a perpendicular change of front) that it was impossible to let the left of this division rest upon the ridge or near it, in accordance with orders, and yet continue the connection of brigades, and on my

