
reporting this fact to the general commanding I received orders to leave Reilly's brigade upon the Rome and Dalton road, covering it and the flank of the rest of the command, in rear of which it rested in echelon during the night. One regiment of Manson's brigade (the Sixty-fifth Indiana Volunteers) was placed as an outpost near Martin's Store, where it remained until relieved by the Fourth Corps on the next day, when it rejoined the brigade, though too late for any active part in the engagement. May 14, about 8 a. m. the line advanced by right of companies to the front, with orders to move northeasterly, but keeping connection on the right and dressing accordingly. As the given direction was nearly that of the Rome and Dalton road, I ordered Reilly's brigade to move into position by marching up that road one mile, and thence by the right flank into line upon the left of Macon's brigade. The movement of the line as it felt forward for the enemy's positions, which were found across Camp Creek, continued to oblique to the right, causing the left wing to move over much larger space than the rest of the command and opening an increasing gap between the principal line and Reilly, who found himself nearly two miles from the position he was to assume in the line when the army halted on the west side of the valley in which Camp Creek runs. No time was lost by him in pressing forward, marching as rapidly as the dense thicket and broken country would permit, and his brigade came into line about an hour after Manson's had halted in position. After the formation of the line the command remained halted about an hour, waiting for the approach of the Fourth Corps from Dallas [Dalton], and at 11 o'clock, rapid skirmish firing being heard on the left front, by direction from corps headquarters, I ordered Colonel Reilly to send a regiment from his brigade to reconnoiter to the left and front and ascertain whether communication could be opened with the force, supposed to be Wood's division, Fourth Corps. At 11.30 the Eighth Tennessee Infantry, which had been sent by Colonel Reilly, returned, reporting the troops of the Fourth Corps within supporting distance, and upon the Tilton road. I thereupon received orders to advance my line and attack the enemy in his position upon the east side of Camp Creek, being informed that Judah's division would advance simultaneously on my right. The position from which we moved was the line of hills forming the west bank of Camp Creek, which was there divided into several branches. Each brigade was formed in two lines, Reilly's, on the left, having the Sixteenth Kentucky, One hundred and twelfth Illinois, and One hundredth Ohio Infantry in first line and the Eighth Tennessee and One hundred and fourth Ohio in the second line, Manson's having the Fifth Tennessee and Twenty-fourth Kentucky in the first line and the Sixty-third Indiana and One hundred and third Ohio in the second line. The skirmish line of the division already occupied the edge of the wooded land across the open valley, some 200 yards wide, immediately in our front, when the command to advance was given and the whole division moved steadily forward, the enemy opening immediately with artillery from batteries in position down the valley on our right, and which had an oblique fire upon our lines as we passed through the low ground. After crossing the open we passed over several wooded ridges in succession, and through a deep though narrow channel of the creek, which, with its perpendicular sides, skirted by a tangled thicket, became a serious obstacle to the advancing troops. The lines were quickly reformed after passing the brook and again

