
moved forward, steadily driving the enemy's skirmishers backward toward their works. These skirmishers were so strongly re-enforced that they were only to be driven back by the main line of our troops, who advanced, making an occasional momentary halt to deliver their fire. The ridges between the branches of the creek radiated from points where the branches joined the stream, and our left was constantly thrown forward as we advanced, thus continuing the change of front to the right, which had marked the movement of the whole line in the morning, and gradually enveloping the enemy's position toward Resaca.

Upon approaching the foot of the ridge on which the enemy's first line of infantry trenches was dug, the Fifth Tennessee had, by the wheeling movement, fallen a little to the rear of the Twenty-fourth Kentucky, which moved by the left flank into the protection of a ravine to get somewhat out of the range of a heavy enfilading fire of artillery from the enemy's batteries down the valley. The Sixty-third Indiana, continuing its movement, came up abreast of the Twenty-fourth Kentucky and on its right, the One hundred and third Ohio and the Fifth Tennessee thus forming the second line of the new formation rendered necessary by the nature of the ground, and the fact (then discovered) that Judah's division had not succeeded in crossing Camp Creek on our right. Reilly's brigade, having the greater curve to traverse, was a little in rear on the left, but preserving well its original formation. A short halt was made, bayonets were fixed, and the whole command charged the hill and carried the line of rifle-pits on the crest, driving the enemy back upon a second line some 250 yards from the first on our left, but approaching much nearer on our right. The first line of the Second Brigade was first in entering the works, but these were almost instantly entered by the First Brigade also farther to the left. The enemy immediately opened with both artillery and musketry from their second line, which extended far beyond both flanks of the division, and no troops being as yet in position on either our right or left, the division was halted, the Second Brigade (Manson's) occupying the enemy's works with their first line, and the First Brigade (Reilly's) occupying them with the second line, advancing the first line to the protection of a small intervening ridge between them and the new line occupied by the rebels, from which they were able to silence with their rifles a battery which was playing destructively upon the Second Brigade. No artillery had been able to accompany the division in its advance to attack, the broken nature of the ground and the physical obstacles of the creeks and thickets entirely preventing. The batteries of the division (Battery D, First Regiment Ohio Volunteer Artillery, and the Fifteenth Independent Indiana Battery) were put in position on the west side of Camp Creek, under charge of Major Wells, chief of artillery for the division, and used occasionally from that side of the creek, as opportunity offered during the day. Farther advance, being entirely impracticable till supports should come up on right and left, the command was ordered to screen itself from fire as much as possible, especially on the extreme right, which, from its greater proximity to the enemy's second line of works and its exposure to artillery fire from his batteries in position on its flank down the valley, suffered very severely. About 1.30 p. m., Colonel Reilly reporting an appearance of a movement toward our left from the enemy's works, he was ordered to place the Eighth Tennessee in

