
the first line, refusing its left so as to cover the flank of the brigade, and hold it there till supports should come up. Shortly after General Manson reported the ammunition of his first line to be nearly exhausted, and was ordered to relieve the first line by the second, which was done. The continuous heavy fire of the enemy caused, however, a considerable loss in both the One hundred and third, Ohio and Fifth Tennessee while advancing to their position. An hour later I reported the ammunition of the whole division as being almost exhausted, and it being impossible to get wagons forward to the lines held by the command, I was notified that we would be relieved by the Fourth Corps and withdrawn temporarily to enable us to replenish the cartridge-boxes. A little after 3 p. m. General Harker's brigade, of Stanley's division, Fourth Corps, advanced under a galling fire of all arms to relieve the Second Brigade, and while preparing to effect the change Brigadier-General Manson was severely injured by concussion of a shell exploding near him, and was carried off the field. General Harker was also slightly hurt in the leg at same time, but remained with his command and completed the movement. I ordered Colonel Hurt, Twenty-fourth Kentucky, to assume command of the brigade, and to form it in column of divisions on the ridge in rear of Reilly's brigade, and hold it in that position until that brigade also should be relieved. The division of General Stanley, which had formed on our right, not extending far enough to the left to relieve Reilly also, he was obliged to hold his position until 6 o'clock, his men being ordered to reserve a few rounds of ammunition at all hazards for an emergency, and the Second Brigade being ordered to support him with their bayonets if he should be attacked. About 6 o'clock Reilly was relieved by General Willich's brigade, of Wood's division, Fourth Corps, and the whole division was moved a short distance to the rear to the edge of the open ground on the east side of Camp Creek, where the ordnance train was able to reach the troops. It was now nearly dark, and the division bivouacked for the night. During the movements of the day the division, in swinging round to the right, had described a quadrant of a circle, and starting in a northeasterly direction finally occupied a position facing southeasterly, our left flank reaching toward the Connesauga River. For a statement of the losses of this day reference is made to the able appended to this report. Colonel Thomas J. Henderson, One hundred and twelfth Illinois; Captain Wright, of same regiment; Captain Pumpelly, of Sixteenth Kentucky, and Lieutenant Laurie, of same regiment, were wounded in the First Brigade, the last-named mortally. In the Second Brigade, Major James E. Patterson and First Lieutenant Swank, of Sixty-third Indiana, and Captains Hutchinson and Philpot, the two senior officers present in the One hundred and third Ohio, were killed; Captains Carey and Hedges and First Lieutenants Nelson and McIntire, of the Twenty-fourth Kentucky, were wounded, as were also 5 officers of the Fifth Tennessee Regiment, whose names have not yet been officially reported. The detailed reports of the dead and wounded have already been forwarded through the medical department both of officers and enlisted men.

At 8 o'clock on the morning of the 15th orders were received to move the division to the left to support a movement of the Twentieth Corps, which had taken position on the Resaca and Tilton road about a mile northwest of Wood-shed. The command imme-

