
diately marched to the point designated and relieved the division of General Williams, of the Twentieth Corps, and part of that of General Geary, and commenced building breast-works along a ridge extending nearly north and south between the road above mentioned and the railroad, covering the extreme left flank of the army, which was now facing due south. The position taken was occupied till about 3 p. m., when the command was moved forward and placed in reserve to the remainder of the corps upon the road leading from the Tilton road to Wood-shed and upon ground gained by the Twentieth Corps in their advance of the afternoon. The division was not under fire during this day, and in the night the enemy evacuated Resaca.

To Brigadier-General Manson, who is still suffering from the injuries received in the battle of the 14th, and to Colonel Reilly, commanding First Brigade, I owe special mention for the faithful and gallant discharge of duty.

For the mention of those whose conduct was honorably conspicuous in the brigades, I respectfully refer to the reports of the brigade commanders.

Captain E. D. Saunders, assistant adjutant-general upon my staff (who has since been killed in action), displayed the most heroic gallantry, and I feel that I may specially mention him without invidious distinction among the members of the staff, all of whom were active and faithful in the performance of their duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Ohio.

Table of losses.

 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing	 Total

Prior to Resaca:

First Brigade.	 3	 6

------

9

Second Brigade.	 2	 13	 1	 16

Total.	 5	 19	 1	 25

All Resaca:

First Brigade.	 12	 133	 9	 154

Second Brigade.	 49	 334

------

383

Aggregate.	 66	 486	 10	 562
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Isham's Ford, on Chattahoochee, July 15, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following condensed report of the movements of this division from May 16 to July 8, inclusive, referring for more full particulars to the reports of the brigade commanders filed herewith:

May 16, marched from Resaca, forded the Connesauga River at Hogan's Ford, about two miles below Tilton, thence took the road to Field's Mill, where the command crossed the Coosawattee by ferry and foot bridge on the 17th in rear of the Twentieth Corps and marched to Big Spring, which we reached at 2 a. m. of the 18th, and

