
May 1, resumed march, arriving at Bridgeport at 11 a. m.; crossed the Tennessee River and camped for the night at Shellmound. May 2, marched to Whiteside's. May 3, resumed march, passing base of Lookout Mountain, and camping in the valley near Chattanooga. May 4, marched at 8 a. m., passing through Rossville, and camping at Gordon's Mills. May 5, crossed Chickamauga River, passed rock Spring, and halted for the night at Pleasant Grove Church, where we remained next day. May 7, left Pleasant Grove Church, crossed Taylor's Ridge, and marched to Trickum (or Anderson) Post-Office, where we remained until May 10. Left Trickum at midnight of 10th, marched all night, and next morning going through Snake Creek Gap, and bivouacked at its southeast termination, where we remained until May 13, when we resumed the march at 6 a. .; taking the Resaca road; halted and formed line of battle two miles from that place, where we erected works; at 6 p. m. moved one mile farther to the right, in direction of railroad. May 14, moved off about one-half mile to the left, where we remained until 4 p. m., when we were moved off rapidly to the left of the Fourth Corps, the brigade being in the center of division line.

BATTLE OF RESACA.

May 15, at about 3 p. m. we moved to the left, my regiment moving in rear of the brigade and following the One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers, the Third Brigade, First Division, following. after marching nearly one mile the regiment was formed in line of battle on the crest of a wooded hill, and by order of General Ruger marched across an intervening plain between the hill and the enemy in echelon, to the left of the Third Wisconsin. When about half way to the position indicated for our line, I was ordered to form on the left of the Third Wisconsin, which was done by obliquing to the right, the Third Wisconsin having swung around some distance to the right and occupying a densely wooded ridge with thick under growth. On my left was a knoll on which was situated a dwelling-house and out-building, owned and occupied by John A. Scales. In front of this house the ground was open down to the railroad, at Green's Station, distant about 300 yards. Between these two regiments (Third Wisconsin and One hundred and fiftieth New York) was a slight depression in the ground, through which ran a country road. My regiment was put in this interval. The two right companies, connecting with third Wisconsin, were in the woods; the left company, connecting with One hundred and fiftieth New York, had open ground in its front; the other companies had a peach orchard in their front for about fifty yards, beyond which the ground descended rapidly, forming a ravine densely grown with bushes and some trees, obstructing the view of the enemy form a greater part of my line until they approached within 120 yards. On taking this position I was ordered to put out two companies, B and F, as skirmishers, which was done, and then a barricade of rails was hastily thrown up. The skirmishers became immediately engaged after advancing, and being advanced on by the enemy in strong force were forced back, the enemy following in three lines and moving obliquely to our right. They assaulted our whole front with great vigor, but were handsomely repulsed with but little trouble in one hour and thirty-five minutes, the enemy retreating in disorder, leaving their dead and wounded on the field. The

