
took the road again at 5 a. m., proceeding by the Adairsville road to McDow's; thence, on 19th, toward Cassville, crossing Two-Run Creek, and driving back the cavalry of the enemy who there opposed our advance. About 4 p. m. we formed line of battle, connecting with Twentieth Corps on our right, and advance to a point about a mile northeast of Cassville, partially turning the intrenchments of the enemy at the latter place. The division was in the advance of the corps during the last day's movement, as also during the 20th, when, the enemy having evacuated Cassville, we moved upon Cartersville. The opposition of the enemy's rear guard was stubborn. The division was obliged to advance in line the whole distance, Reilly's brigade on the left of the road, and the Second Brigade (Colonel Hurt commanding) on the right, the other divisions of the corps following in column. The rebels were pushed through Cartersville and crossed the Etowah, burning the railroad bridge. May 21, the Second Brigade made a reconnaissance to the wagon bridge three miles below Cartersville and drove a force of the enemy's cavalry across it, they burning the bridge in their retreat. May 22, the First Brigade (Reilly's) sent to destroy the Etowah Mills and the Second Brigade (Colonel J. S. Casement, One hundred and third Ohio, being in command, relieving Colonel Hurt by seniority) to destroy in like manner the Etowah Iron Works; both commands entirely successful in accomplishing their work. May 23, march to Milam's Bridge, which had been burnt by rebels. Two pontoon bridges are thrown over the river; the Twentieth Corps crosses, and we follow next morning in rear of Hascall's division; cross Raccoon Creek and move up Richland Creek to Sly's Mill, at fork of Acworth and Burnt Hickory roads. May 25, moved at 5 p. m. through Burnt Hickory on the Dallas road, but the command was unable to reach the Pumpkin Vine Creek, the roads being blocked with the Twentieth Corps trains. The men went into bivouac at midnight in a severe rain-storm, and march again at 1 a. m. on the 26th; cross the Pumpkin Vine at Owen's Mill. The general commanding the corps being temporarily disabled by sickness, the Second Division (Hascall's) was ordered to report to me, and I reported the two divisions to General Sherman in person near New Hope Church, on Dallas road, at 4 a. m. At 8 a. m., by order from General Sherman, the two divisions were formed, the Second on the left and the Third on the right, near the house of Widow Brown (see photographic army map of June 2, 1864), and marched in line through a densely wooded and rough tract of land to the edge of the open ground west of Little Pumpkin Vine Creek. There formed on left of the Fourth Corps and extreme left of the army, and again advanced simultaneously with the Fourth Corps across Little Pumpkin Vine at Brown's Sawmill and upon the ridge beyond, covering the Dallas and Allatoona road. The two divisions were then intrenched in line with the remainder of the army, the Second Division being refused so that its left crossed the road from the saw-mill to Allatoona. May 27, McLean's brigade, of Second Division, is ordered to support a movement made by Major-General Howard around our left and toward the east, and both divisions are swung forward as Howard advances, keeping pace with him, and changing front to the right until the left crosses the road leading into the Dallas and Marietta road and faces nearly due south. Howard's command being too far separated on the left to make connection of lines, McLean's brigade is left in the interval within supporting distance of either, and con-

