
nection of outposts and pickets established and the lines intrenched in the new position. May 28, the major-general commanding, being partially recovered, resumed command of the corps. The division remained in the same position until 2nd of June, the lines being in close proximity to those of the enemy, and a constant and galling skirmish fire being kept up incessantly on both sides, with occasional reconnaissances by advancing strongly re-enforced skirmish lines from either side, causing frequent alarms both by night and by day. A considerable loss was suffered by the command during these days, as will be seen by reference to the lists of casualties forwarded herewith.

June 2, the division marched up the Allatoona road to Sanford's (see photographic map above referred to), and thence due east to Allatoona Creek, Hascall's division connecting on the left, but a considerable interval occurring between us and Hovey's division on the right. The advance, after leaving the Allatoona road, was sharply contested by the enemy's cavalry (dismounted), who were found to be strongly intrenched also at the crossing of the Burnt Hickory with the Dallas and Acworth road on the ridge east of Allatoona Creek. Approaching the open ground near the creek, the enemy opened upon our line with artillery from their works, and the skirmishers being unable to push them farther back, our whole line was ordered to advance, the First Brigade being on the left and the Second on the right. The charge was briskly made, the enemy driven into his works, and a lodgment effected on the rising ground within 150 yards of the rebel intrenchments. The Second Division at this time was in rear of my left in echelon and at the edge of the open ground on the west side of Allatoona Creek, and General Hascall, at my request, promptly moved his line forward to my support, swinging his left still farther forward and nearer to the enemy's works, in hope of taking them in flank. He secured a lodgment also at Foster's house, and, farther advance being found impracticable, the line was hastily intrenched and the position made firm. The advance had been impeded by the dense undergrowth of young pines, characteristic of the forests of this region, which made it oftentimes impossible to see a single rod in any direction, and during the afternoon a very heavy thunder-storm soaked the foliage and swelled all the streams so as to add very seriously to the difficulties of the movement. Under all the circumstances the advance was creditable to the courage and perseverance of the troops. June 3, the movement of Hovey's division to the left and front of Hascall turned the enemy's flank, and they evacuated their works in our front and we occupied them. The army for several days continued a movement around us to the left, resulting in the division becoming on the 6th the extreme right flank of the whole. On the 4th the First Tennessee Regiment and Eleventh and Twelfth Kentucky (all infantry) were assigned to the division, and the Sixty-fifth Illinois also rejoined from veteran furlough. A new brigade, composed of the three regiments first named and the Fifth Tennessee (transferred from Second Brigade), was formed by order from corps headquarters, and Brigadier General N. C. McLean transferred from Second Division to command it. Colonel Cameron, of Sixty-fifth Illinois, as senior officer, is assigned to command of Second Brigade. June 9, Barter's brigade, of Hovey's division, reported to me by order from army headquarters, that division being temporarily broken up.

