
The whole division moved on the Acworth road two miles to the Sandtown road, thence south to Kemp's Mill, near which the enemy was found in position. McLean's brigade connects with Hascall's division on the right, Barter and Reilly continue the line to the left, Cameron being placed in reserve on the left, near the Twentieth Corps position. The position of the whole command intrenched, and skirmishing continuous along the line. June 15, in accordance with orders from corps headquarters, I advanced Cameron's brigade between Reilly's and Barter's, through an interval, supporting the advance by the fire of the artillery--Cockerill's (Ohio) and Harvey's (Indiana) batteries--at Reilly's right. The enemy's position in our front, a strong line of rifle-pits flanked by batteries, was carried with small loss, and the whole division advanced and occupied the same, the enemy retreating to a line crossing the Sandtown road near Hardshell Church. The Twentieth Corps, coming up on our left, pass forward and attack the new position of the rebels, but without success. Cameron's brigade is advanced to support the right of Butterfield's division, Twentieth Corps, and the One hundred and fourth Ohio Regiment, of Reilly's brigade, is put in position and intrenched so as to cover the immediate right of Butterfield, Cameron's brigade being in echelon on the right. June 16, Cameron's brigade ordered to advance in concert with a brigade of Hascall's division, entering the re-entrant angle of the enemy's works between Hardshell Church and Lost Mountain. Their advance is resisted by a heavy skirmish line, but is steadily pushed forward to a position threatening to enfilade the enemy's intrenchments at the church. Barter's brigade is put in, toward evening, on the left of Cameron, and Cockerill's and Harvey's batteries put into position, and the whole intrenched. The rebels opened with their artillery, to which ours responded, and the fire was continued until dark. June 17, the enemy evacuated their works during the night. The division was ordered forward on Sandtown road, Reilly's brigade in advance, supported by Cameron's, Barter's and Byrd's in reserve. (General McLean relieved this day at his own request, and Colonel Byrd, First Tennessee Infantry, assumed command of the brigade by seniority). The enemy's cavalry rear guard was pushed back with lively skirmishing to the forks of the Marietta and Sandtown roads, near Darby's, where the left of the enemy was found in a strong position behind Mud Creek; Cockerill's battery (D, of the First Ohio Regiment), supported by Reilly's and Cameron's brigades, opened upon them from a hill on the left of the road, and a fierce artillery fight was kept up for two hours. Reilly and Cameron intrenched their position facing Mud Creek, Barter was put in on the right of Cameron, Byrd's brigade being held in reserve and Hascall's division being in reserve on my right. The Twentieth Corps connected on the left, and established and opened two batteries on the enemy's position in our front. A very heavy rain, lasting through the next day, prevented further movements, and the rebels evacuated the works in the night of the 18th. June 19, the division advanced on the Sandtown road to Noyes' Creek, which is found to be impassable from the rise of water. The enemy's cavalry are found in position on the opposite bank, and a brisk skirmish and artillery fight is kept up during the day between them and Cameron's brigade, which was in the advance. June 20, Cameron succeeded in getting over a party by surprise, and repaired the bridge so as to enable his brigade to cross, driving the enemy

