
from the banks above Noyes' Creek and intrenching a bridge-head on the hill overlooking the stream. June 21, the Twelfth Kentucky Infantry and a section of Cockerill's battery sent to support Stoneman's cavalry on our right, who were reported hard pressed on the Powder Springs road. June 22, the division moved to the junction of Sandtown road with the Powder Springs and Marietta road at Cheney's, Reilly's brigade in advance; the enemy's cavalry driven back after a sharp resistance. The division intrenched the position, but at 4 p. m. I received orders to move three brigades and two batteries up the Marietta road to take position on right of General Hascall, who had moved out behind us from Noyes' Creek to the forks on the Marietta road near Kolb's, connecting with Twentieth Corps, and who was threatened with an attack of the enemy in force. Reilly's brigade and Twenty-third Indiana Battery (Myers') left at Cheney's, and the remainder of the command moved and put in position as ordered, and a new line immediately intrenched there, Cameron's brigade connecting with right of Hascall's division and Barter's and Byrd's brigades successively put in on the right of this. June 26, Reilly's brigade ordered forward and find the enemy's dismounted cavalry and artillery occupying a strong position across Olley's Creek on the Sandtown road, when he makes a forced reconnaissance of their position. Byrd's brigade ordered over Olley's Creek to the ridge between it and the Nickajack, about a mile above the position of Reilly. He gains the ridge after a slight skirmish, and intrenches a position there. June 27, Cameron's brigade crosses Olley's Creek at daybreak at the crossing used by Byrd, and is ordered to push down along the ridge and turn the enemy's position in front of Reilly, who is also ordered to attack upon the approach of Cameron. The combined movement of the two brigades dislodged the enemy, who hastily retreated on the Sandtown road, and the two brigades were pushed forward to a point two miles from Cheney's, at Lynch's, commanding the Marietta and Sandtown road, which near there comes in from the left. The new position was immediately intrenched strongly, and a continuous picket-line established from the extreme right, connecting with Byrd's brigade, and thence across the valley of Olley's Creek along Barter's front to the right of Hascall's division, a distance of three miles. Crittenden's brigade of dismounted cavalry, consisting of Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry and Sixteenth Illinois Cavalry, this day reported to me under orders from corps headquarters.

July 1, Hascall's division moved to my right, taking position at Moss' house, on Powder Springs and Ruff's Station road, and I moved forward Cameron's brigade to his left, on the Marietta and Sandtown road, in accordance with orders; Barter's brigade is moved to Cheney's, where Crittenden's is also. July 5, division moved out on Ruff's Station road to Moss', the roads being too fully occupied with troops of the Armies of the Cumberland and Tennessee to allow farther movement. 6th, move to Smyrna Camp-Ground, on railroad, and encamp on northeast side of the railroad. 7th, moved two miles toward Rottenwood Creek and encamped. July 8, in accordance with orders received during the night, the division moved at 4 a. m., taking the road to the paper-mill near the mouth of Soap Creek. On reaching the creek the paper-mill and bridge were found burned, and the creek, being in a deep defile, very difficult of passage. Colonel Cameron was ordered to cross his brigade, part by clambering into

