HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Decatur, Ga., September 10, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this division since the crossing of the Chattahoochee River, July 8 last:

On the 9th of July the lines of my command were advanced to a ridge in front of that first occupied by me above Isham's Ford, and new works erected upon a very strong position extending substantially across the bend of the river from a mile above Isham's Ford to Powers' Ferry below. The brigades were intrenched from left to right in the following order: Crittenden's dismounted cavalry, Cameron's brigade, Byrd's, Barter's, and Reilly's brigades, and two brigades of the Second Division being ordered to report to me they were put in, Hobson's on the right of Reilly's, and Cooper's in reserve. On the 11th the whole of General Hascall's division crossed, and the two brigades above named reported again to him, the whole of that division going into position on my right. Two hundred men were this day detailed from this command to assist in building a trestle bridge over the river. The Fourth Corps having crossed the river and gone into position below us on the 12th and 13th, I received orders on the 14th to swing forward, pivoting on the left of my division, and keeping pace on the right with the Second Division, until a new line should be formed continuous with that of the Fourth Corps. This was immediately done, and new breast-works erected nearly upon the line of the road from the ford to Sandy Springs Church. On the 17th, in accordance with orders from corps headquarters, I left Crittenden's brigade of dismounted cavalry and the Twenty-third Indiana Battery in the interior works at Isham's Ford, and marched the remainder of the division to Sandy Springs Church, and thence on the Cross Keys road to Nancy's Creek, Reilly's brigade in advance. At the creek a considerable force of the enemy's cavalry was found in position and a lively skirmish took place, our advance driving the enemy and occupying with skirmishers the south bank of the creek and the ridge above it. The division encamped for the night on the north side of the creek, communicating on the left with the Army of the Tennessee, which came up abreast of us, and on the right with Hascall's division, which was about two miles distant, on the Sandy Creek and Buck Head road. July 18, the division marched in advance of the corps through Cross Keys to the old Peach Tree road at House's plantation, the enemy's cavalry falling back, skirmishing the whole distance. One regiment, the One hundred and twelfth Illinois Volunteers, was then sent south one mile to the forks of the Atlanta and Decatur roads, where later in the evening they were relieved by the Second Division, which passed our camp at House's after our arrival there. Reilly's brigade in advance this day. July 19, division marched at 5 a. m. in rear of the Second Division, taking the Decatur road until within a mile and a half of that town, when we filed to the right in rear of Hascall's division, taking the Atlanta road to Pea Vine Creek, on the north bank of which the division was encamped and intrenched, Cameron on left, Reilly on right, Barter and Byrd in reserve; the enemy's cavalry still in our front and skirmishing continually. 20th, the division moved forward toward Atlanta in advance of the corps, pushing in the enemy's cavalry, until we came upon the rebel infantry in position upon a ridge fronted by a small creek, three miles from Atlanta.

