
great execution in the enemy's ranks. At 2 o'clock on the morning of the 23rd the two brigades on the left of the Army of the Tennessee were relieved, and I marched them back to the Howard house, in front of which they were put in position between the Army of the Tennessee and the Second Division of this corps. Byrd's brigade was also relieved on the right of General Hascall and put in with the other two, Byrd being on the right, Barter in center, and Cameron on left; Cockerill's (Battery D, First Ohio) and Harvey's (Fifteenth Indiana) batteries being put in works on a commanding spur in the center and within 1,000 yards of the enemy's guns in their fortifications before the city; Reilly's brigade remained in position on Pea Vine Creek. No change occurred in position until 26, when the division prepared a new line of works in rear of their present one, in expectation of the transfer of the Army of the Tennessee from the left to the extreme right of the line. The new line begins at the left of the right brigade of Hascall's division, running in rear of the present one, refusing so as to protect the flank of the army along the road by which we advanced, the extreme left facing quite to the rear, and this part of the line occupying the old works of the enemy, which were in front of us on the 20th instant. At 6 p. m. Reilly's brigade is brought in from Pea Vine Creek and put in position in the new line near the left of it. At 7 a. m. of the 27th, the Army of the Tennessee having moved through our lines to the right, the three brigades, Cameron's, Barter's, and Byrd's, were successively withdrawn in the order named and placed in the same relative position in the new line, and a new picket-line extended quite around the new flank. July 28, Cameron's brigade made demonstration in front of our old position to favor movement of the Army of the Tennessee on the right; the demonstration kept up till evening, drawing a considerable force of the enemy to our left, and developing their lines along the front, driving in their skirmishers into their works, causing them to burn several large buildings near their lines, and to open a very rapid cannonade from their principal works. 29th, a demonstration made by Reilly's brigade still farther to the enemy's left, crossing the Decatur road about two miles from that place and going southward as far as Terry's Mill, which he burned. He developed works facing eastward as far as he went, and all apparently held in some force. Crittenden's dismounted cavalry brigade and the Twenty-third Indiana Battery, which reported yesterday from Isham's Ford, were put to-day in position on Reilly's left.

August 1, made night march toward right of the army, breaking camp at dark and moving in rear of the lines; bivouac in rear of the right of the Army of the Cumberland. At daybreak of the 2nd continued the march to the left of the Army of the Tennessee and go into position on the north bank of Utoy Creek, fortifying the line overlooking the creek; this division in advance of the corps. August 4, crossed Utoy Creek with part of the division, Barter and Crittended being left on the north side with the artillery; the other three brigades massed in rear of Hascall's division and the left of the Fourteenth Corps; ordered to move forward in conjunction with Baird's division, Fourteenth Corps, and endeavor to carry position in our front, but owing to some misunderstanding in the Fourteenth Corps General Baird's column did not move according to the programme and the movement of this division could not take place; a

