
reconnaissance by a strong skirmish line developing the enemy's line of works was, however, made. August 5, the division was moved to the right of the Fourteenth Corps and placed in reserve to support a reconnaissance by Johnson's division, of that corps; Barter's brigade brought over Utoy Creek, and the whole command (except Crittenden's brigade) placed in position late in the day upon continuation of the line of Davis' division, Fourteenth Corps, and built fortifications. The new position is upon a low wooded ridge separated from the Atlanta and Sandtown, road by an open valley, in which one of the branches of Utoy Creek runs, the course of the valley being nearly north and south, and a higher wooded ridge on the east side, commanding both valley and road, is held in some force by the enemy. Byrd's brigade is on the left, Casement's (late Cameron's) in the center, and Barter's on the right, Reilly being in reserve. August 6, the skirmish line of the division was strengthened by a re-enforcement of 200 men, and the whole line placed in command of Lieutenant-Colonel Mottley, of the Eleventh Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, with orders to drive back the enemy's skirmishers, obtain a footing upon the east side of the valley, and develop the position and force of the enemy upon the ridge in our front. Brigadier-General Reilly was ordered to support the movement of the skirmish line with his brigade, and endeavor to reach the crest of the ridge at any point which the skirmish reconnaissance might show to be practicable. Colonel Casement's brigade was moved down to the edge of the open valley to support Reilly, and the whole division ordered to be in instant readiness to take advantage of any opportunity to break through the enemy's line and push any success Reilly might obtain. The skirmishers, under Lieutenant-Colonel Mottley, pushed gallantly across the open valley and succeeded in driving back the enemy from the front of their works opposite our right center, where some timber crossing the valley afforded some cover and concealment. At 10 o'clock, Reilly's brigade being in position on the west side of the valley, the One hundred and fourth Ohio Volunteers was ordered to support the skirmish line in a farther advance, and the enemy was driven within his works all along the ridge, except at the extreme left of our line. The force developed not appearing very formidable, Reilly's brigade was ordered to advance to the assault opposite the strip of timber before referred to. The attack was boldly made and the advance approached almost to the breast-works of the enemy, but the whole front of the works being covered to the depth of nearly 100 yards by an entanglement of the undergrowth, half cut off, bent down, and interlaced, the column was so delayed and the regularity of formation so interfered with, that the enemy had time to march strong reserves into the intrenchments (subsequently learned to be Bate's division, of Hardee's corps), and the fire became so destructive upon the assaulting force, whose impetus was checked by the causes stated, that they were forced to halt. The brigade held its ground, however, and the reconnaissance of the works to right and left was sufficiently extended to prove satisfactorily that a strong line of intrenchments extended along the ridge as far as the whole division front, covered everywhere with similar obstructions, and the breast-works having loop-holed head-logs for the protection of the force within. The facts being reported to the general commanding the Army of the Ohio, he ordered that, inasmuch as a movement by the

44 R R--VOL XXXVIII, PT II

