
wounded were mostly carried off during the night, the dead left unburied. The attacking column was Stewart's division, of Hood's corps; the regiments in my immediate front, Thirty-first Alabama and Forty-second Georgia. Thirteen prisoners were taken or came into my command from the above-named two regiments. The loss of my regiment in this action was 4 enlisted men killed and 3 officers and 15 men wounded (see appendix to this report, A). After the repulse of the enemy I was relieved by the Eighty-second Ohio, Third Brigade, First Division, Twentieth Army Corps. May 16, marched from Green's Station, in a southeasterly direction, to Coosawattee River, where we remained until morning of May 17, when we crossed the Coosawattee at Newtown; marched in a southerly direction twelve miles, to near Clahoun. May 18, marched about twenty miles in a southwesterly direction. May 19, broke camp at 1.20 p. m., marched about three miles, where we formed line and advanced about 500 yards, crossing two creeks, driving in cavalry vedettes, and emerging on the open ground in front of Cassville. May 20, the enemy evacuated Cassville during the night, and my regiment moved near town, where we remained until May 23. Broke camp and marched through Cassville at 4.30 a. m., and crossed the Etowah River. May 24, marched through Stilesborough and Huntsville, or Burnt Hickory, and camped one-fourth mile south of the church.

BATTLE OF DALLAS.

May 25, resumed the march from Burnt Hickory at 9 a. m., crossing Pumpkin Vine Creek at 1.30 p. m., taking the right-hand road to Dallas. After going about two miles south of the creek we countermarched, recrossing the creek, and again crossing it on the road taken by the Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps; passed the Second Division. I was ordered to report for duty to General Hooker, from whom I received orders to deploy my regiment as a strong line of skirmishers to protect the right flank of the corps in their charge on the enemy, whom we had found in position in our immediate front. Six companies were deployed and moved forward immediately, Companies B, F, I, and H following as a reserve. We soon met the enemy's skirmishers, who seemed to be protecting their own left flank, and we drove them steadily for over a mile, finally charging their works or pits and driving them out at dusk. During the most of the time there was terrific firing on my left, the First Division engaging the enemy. I strengthened my position by working all night, and was relieved at 5.30 the next morning by the First Brigade, Second Division, when I reported to my brigade. The position thus gained was a little over half a mile to the right of our line when engaged. My loss was 2 officers and 7 enlisted men wounded. May 26, relieved at 5.30 a. m. by First Brigade, Second Division, Colonel Cobham commanding, and joined the brigade. May 27, 28, 29, 30, and 31, no change in position, but incessant skirmishing in our front, by which I had some men wounded.

June 1, marched to the left of the line about four miles. June 2, at 4 a. m. moved a short distance to the left and relieved portion of General Hovey's division, Twenty-third Army Corps. At 8 a. m. ordered by General Ruger to relieve the Twentieth Kentucky Infantry, doing picket and outpost duty on our front. I did so, and advancing my skirmishers under Captain Miller, commanding Companies

