
Second Division had found and partially turned the flank of the enemy's infantry defenses, no further assault should be made in front. A portion of Casement's brigade was ordered across the valley to cover the withdrawal of Reilly's brigade, which was then brought back, two regiments being left upon the east side of the valley, supporting a skirmish line and preventing any portion of the enemy's force from coming outside of the works. In this attack the Eighth Tennessee and One hundredth Ohio Infantry were particularly distinguished for gallantry, the former being temporarily under command of Major Jordan, of the One hundred and fourth Ohio, and the latter being led by its colonel, P. S. Slevin, who was severely wounded while charging at the head of his men. Lieutenant-Colonel Mottley, of the Eleventh Kentucky Infantry, who had command of the skirmish line, is also deserving of particular mention for gallant conduct. For particular mention of other officers who distinguished themselves, as well as for the list of the casualties (a little over 300 in number), reference is made to the reports of the brigade commanders forwarded herewith.

To avoid risk of confusion and mistake, I think it proper to mention here that the road running northwest of and nearly parallel to the Sandtown road, along which our fortifications were made on the 5th, is called in some of the reports the Lick Skillet road, although that name is given by citizens of the locality to an entirely different road north of the north fork of Utoy Creek and running upon the ridge between it and Proctor's Creek, near the battle-field of the 28th of July, in the engagement between the enemy and the Army of the Tennessee.

August 7, the enemy having evacuated the line of works in our front last night, the division occupied them, and swung forward, in conjunction with the Fourteenth Corps, establishing a new line along a road east of the Sandtown road and between it and the Campbellton and Atlanta road, facing a small branch of the principal south fork of Utoy and the mill-pond of Willis' Mill, the south fork of Utoy bending to the rear around our right and uniting with the branch crossed yesterday. The principal intrenched line of the enemy in front of East Point was found immediately in our front, distant about 300 yards on our left, and gradually refusing as it passed toward our right, when it was seen across the broad open valley crossing the Campbellton road and running southeasterly toward the West Point railroad. Our new line was immediately intrenched under a sharp fire from the enemy's skirmishers, who were in rifle-pits near the edge of the pond and stream covering the front. Casement's brigade occupied the night of the line, and the rest in order from right to left as follows, viz: Barter's, Reilly's, and Byrd's. The command remained in this position several days, during which several changes were made in its organization. The First Tennessee Volunteer Infantry being ordered home on expiration of their term of enlistment, and Colonel Barter, of the One hundred and twentieth Indiana, having resigned, the four infantry brigades were consolidated into three, as follows: First, commanded by Brigadier General James W. Reilly, consisting of One hundred and fourth Ohio, One hundredth Ohio, Eighth Tennessee, Eleventh, Twelfth, and Sixteenth Kentucky Infantry; Second, Colonel John S. Casement, One hundred and third Ohio, commanding, consisting of One hundred and third Ohio, Sixty-fifth Indiana, One hundred and twenty-fourth Indiana, Sixty-fifth

