
Illinois, and Twenty-fourth Kentucky Infantry; Third, Colonel T. J. Henderson, One hundred and twelfth Illinois, commanding, consisting of One hundred and twelfth Illinois, Sixty-third Indiana, One hundred and twentieth and One hundred and twenty-eighth Indiana, and Fifth Tennessee Infantry (the last detached at Marietta, Ga.).

Owing to the sickness of Colonel Henderson, the Third Brigade, during the movements of the campaign included in this report, was commanded by Colonel I. N. Stiles, of the Sixty-third Indiana Volunteers. August 12, the division made a reconnaissance to the right and front, Casement's brigade in advance, striking the Campbellton road on the right of the position of the Second Division. Following that road half a mile to the East Point road, and turning easterly upon that road (running on the ridge between the waters of Utoy and Camp Creeks) one mile to a lateral ridge immediately in front of the enemy's extreme left; the reconnaissance was opposed by the light troops of the enemy the whole distance, and was made to determine the location and connection of roads leading toward the West Point railroad. It was continued until dark, when it was recalled by order from army headquarters, and the division massed in reserve behind the right of the Second Division. August 15, at 4 p. m. the division was ordered to occupy a new position along the Campbellton road, being substantially that occupied by the reserves in the reconnaissance of the 12th. The new line was strongly fortified during the night, the right refused so as to run nearly parallel to a cross-road running from the Campbellton to the Sandtown road, through Childers' plantation--orders indicating that the position would be a pivot on which the grand army wound swing around to the right. August 18, the division ordered to the most advanced position reached on the East Point road in the reconnaissance of the 12th, being about a mile from the Campbellton road, when, after a sharp skirmish with the enemy's outposts, which were driven off, the new line was occupied and intrenched in a semicircular form, the left commanding the open valley of the headwaters of Utoy Creek, opposite the enemy's extreme left, and the right commanding the headwaters and valley of Camp Creek. Friday, 19th, Reilly's brigade make reconnaissance up the East Point road to within 200 yards of enemy's fortifications on their left, enfilading that road; at same time, with Stiles' brigade and two brigades (Cooper's and Bond's) of Hascall's division, which were ordered to report to me, I made a reconnaissance in force to the Camp Creek Church on the Newnan road. The object of the reconnaissance, as stated in orders, being to threaten the enemy's left and prevent his sending forces to intercept the cavalry under General Kilpatrick, then on an expedition toward Jonesborough. Saturday, 20th of August, the movement of yesterday was repeated with the same forces, to cover another movement of part of Fourteenth Corps to Red Oak to cut the West Point railroad. Similar movements were made, with less force, every day for a week, to deceive the enemy as to the larger maneuver of the grand army, which began on the 25th. Sunday, 28th, left our position at 3 p. m. and moved upon the road toward Mount Gilead Church to Mrs. Holbrook's plantation and went into position for the night, the division having now become the extreme left of the grand army. Monday, 29th, division marched from Mrs. Holbrook's, via Mount Gilead Church and Redwine's, to the plantation of Azariah Mims, and thence one mile upon the Red Oak road to Oliver's house, closing up on the left of the

