
Fourth Corps. Tuesday, 30th, the division marched in rear of the Fourth Corps to the West Point railroad, and up that road one mile and a half to the crossing of the road leading to Morrow's Mill and Mount Zion Church, and went into position for the night, the corps being three miles, detached, and on the extreme left flank of the army, covering the movement of trains. Near evening the enemy made a reconnaissance of the position, resulting in a lively skirmish but no general engagement. Wednesday, 31st, the division moved by the Rough and Ready road to the position of the Fourth Corps near Morrow's Mill, and, passing to the front and left of that corps, struck the Atlanta and Macon Railroad one mile below Rough and Ready Station at 3 p. m., being the first of the army to reach that road. The advance was sharply resisted by the enemy's cavalry, but no infantry force was found.

Thursday, September 1, division thoroughly destroyed two miles of the railroad, burning the ties and heating and twisting the rails, beginning at Rough and Ready Station, to which we advanced at daybreak, driving back the enemy's cavalry. The command then marched rapidly to the south, and went into position in reserve on left of the Fourth Corps, before Jonesborough, in the evening. Friday, 2d, the enemy having evacuated Jonesborough, the division made a reconnaissance two miles on the Jonesborough and Stock-bridge road, then turned south, and at evening went into position on the left of the army near Lovejoy's Station. Tuesday, 6th, moved at midnight back to the position before Jonesborough occupied on the 1st, and on the 7th continued the march by the Atlanta and McDonough road to a point seven miles from Decatur, to which town we moved on the 8th, taking position on the left, covering the Stone Mountain and Covington roads and the railroad to Augusta.

The campaign thus terminated by the capture of Atlanta has been one of extreme labor to the troops of this command, and although but little hard fighting has been done by them, the incessant skirmishing, frequent changes of position, and ceaseless labors of fortifying have made it a severe trial of all the qualities of a soldier, courage, determination, and endurance of toil, privation, and danger.

It is but just to say of the officers and men of the Third Division that they have never failed to meet all requirements upon them in every department of duty. Their position, usually upon the extreme flank of the army, has involved an extra share of watchfulness and an extra amount of labor in intrenching new lines, every new position being made at once an intrenched camp, prepared for attack in front or flank.

One of the brigade commanders (General Reilly) having received his promotion during the campaign, I take the liberty of recommending for promotion the next in rank and in experience, Colonel John S. Casement, of the One hundred and third Ohio Volunteers, whose long services in command of a brigade in the corps (extending at intervals through more than a year) and whose meritorious and faithful services during the present campaign will fit him for the rank of brigadier-general of volunteers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Ohio.

