
sensation and motion were not restored after the artery was ligated owing to the fact (as I think) of the collateral circulation being impeded by the pressure of the aneurism prior to the operation, and there not being sufficient vigor in the system to restore it afterward. Gangrene was evident the second day, and the patient died the fourth. In regard to the mode of operating--in amputating, the circular flap has had the preference, for the reason chiefly that it is easier to transport the patient after the operation. Of late all the amputations have been "circular integumentary flaps."

Respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

C. S. FRINK,

Surg., U. S. Vols., Surgeon in Chief, 3rd Div., 23rd Army Corps.

Surg. H. S. HEWITT, U. S. Volunteers,

Medical Director, Department of the Ohio.

Numbers 353.

Reports of Brigadier General James W. Reilly, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,In Field, near Lost Mountain, Ga., June 13, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders, I herewith submit report of part taken by First Brigade, Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, in operations of said army corps, from Saturday, May 7, to Sunday, May 15, 1864, both days inclusive:

On morning of May 7 the brigade--composed of the Eighth Tennessee Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Felix A. Reeve; One hundredth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Colonel P. S. Slevin, and One hundred and fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel O. W. Sterl--moved from Red Clay, on Cleveland and Dalton railroad, in rear of the Second Brigade of the division, on the Catoosa Springs road to a point near Lee's house, on the Varnell's Station road, and formed line of battle on ridge east of Lee's house and north of road. Continued in that position until evening, when two regiments, the One hundredth Ohio Volunteer Infantry and Eighth Tennessee Volunteer Infantry, were ordered to and did take position in gap on Varnell's Station road, east of Lee's house, the One hundred and fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry occupying the first gap in ridge to the left and north. The brigade remained in this position during the night. On May 8 the Eighth Tennessee Volunteer Infantry was ordered to Kincannon's Cross-Roads to support battery attached to Brigadier-General McCook's command that was in position on the left of said cross-roads. Later in the day the One hundredth Ohio Volunteer Infantry was advanced about three-quarters of a mile on the Varnell's Station road, the command resting as herein during the night. May 9, this morning the brigade moved with the remainder of the division in a southerly direction some three or four miles to the first ridge east of Rocky Face Ridge, where the division was formed in line of battle, First Brigade on right of division, connecting on right with Second Division of Twenty-third Corps, the left of brigade resting upon crest of ridge and extending to the right down in valley, each brigade covering its own front with a heavy line of

