
skirmishers. As thus formed the brigade advanced with the general line until a point some--yards from the enemy's works was reached, and until the left of the Second Division was exposed to a fire of artillery. This position was held until about 5.30 p. m., when the skirmish line of the brigade advanced, supported by the One hundredth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, advancing upon the crest of ridge until within--yards of rebel works; in fact, drawing the fire of artillery and musketry from their intrenchments. This movement was to a prevent a concentration of the enemy upon Second Division or troops on our right. The One hundredth Ohio Volunteer Infantry and our skirmishers occupied the advanced position until 8 p. m., when by orders they retired within a short distance in advance of the position occupied by them before the advance. The brigade bivouacked in line during the night. In the skirmishing and advance aforesaid the brigade lost 4 killed and 7 wounded. (See report of casualties hereto attached.) May 10, the brigade occupied same position until 8.30 a. m., when we were ordered to retire; the movement was made in good order, leisurely and regularly, to the point where the line was first formed previous to advancing on May 9. From this point the brigade marched by the flank in rear of the division some two miles, and were ordered into position on continuation or prolongation of Rocky Face Ridge on the extreme left of the division and corps, where brigade bivouacked for the night. May 11, occupied position on continuation of Rocky Face Ridge. During the day the enemy make a slight showing of an advance, by reason of which brigade was ordered into line, but otherwise nothing resulted therefrom. The One hundred and twelfth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Colonel T. J. Henderson, and Sixteenth Regiment Kentucky Volunteer Veteran Infantry, Colonel J. W. Gault, reported to and joined the brigade. May 12, brigade marched with division this morning at daylight through Tunnel Hill, and on road toward Villanow, some twelve or thirteen miles, and bivouacked for the night. May 13, brigade marched with division this morning at 1 a. m. on road to and through Snake Creek Gap. That point was reached about 10 a. m. Brigade was halted here some two hours, when we were moved some two miles in direction of railroad and placed in position on extreme left of division, after which we advanced upon

-----

road, some mile or more, when I was ordered to fall back a short distance to cover the road, it being one of the main approaches to Snake Creek Gap from south and east. The brigade bivouacked in line during the night at the point indicated by orders to me. May 14, at about 8.30 a. m. brigade was ordered to and did march some two and a half miles and join the balance of the division about 9.30 a. m., near and at southwest side of Camp Creek, when the division was formed in line of battle on left of Second Division, First Brigade on the extreme left, skirmishers being thrown forward by First Brigade covering its own front. The brigade and whole line as thus formed advanced across and to the northeast side of Camp Creek, the brigade and division in the advance changing direction to the right very considerably, so much as to put our line almost if not quite at right angles with course of Camp Creek. After crossing valley through which Camp Creek runs, and after crossing ridge in timber land, the brigade halted momentarily to dress the lines and again moved forward at double-quick for ridge immediately in their front, which last-mentioned ridge was occupied by the enemy, protected by rifle-pits, &amp;c. The

