
A and D, succeeded in expelling the enemy's skirmishers from a position in which they had given much annoyance. I advanced my line and connected on my right with the Fourteenth Ohio, which, in the mean time, had advanced and formed the left of the Fourteenth Corps. June 3 and 4, constant skirmishing; moved to the left at 4.30 p. m. one mile. June 5, marched at 10.30 a.m. northeast on Acworth road and bivouacked near Allatoona Creek. June 6, moved at 4.30 a. m. on the Marietta road and took up position at night, and constructed works in view of Lost Mountain; the enemy's pickets in front and some skirmishing. June 7, 8, 9, 10, no change in position. June 11, moved a half mile to the left near Pine Knob and Allatoona Creek, and in the evening built breast-works. June 12, 13, and 14, no change in position. June 15, marched at 1 p. m. in southwest direction; at 5.30 p. m. in position east of Lost Mountain, the Twenty-seventh Indiana on the right and One hundred and fiftieth New York on the left. I advanced to this position for over 600 yards in line of battle through ravines and tangled bushes. June 16, during the afternoon the enemy opened with artillery and musketry on the picket-line in my front and the battery (I) in my line, by which Lieutenant Ryerson and 5 or 6 men were wounded. June 17, the enemy evacuated the position in our front, and we followed, marching in the main toward Marietta; halted near a creek and threw up works; heavy skirmishing, in which I had 1 man killed and 1 wounded. June 18, no change in position. June 19, advanced at 9 a.m. through evacuated works of the enemy two miles and a half southeast, in sight and to right of Kenesaw nd in reserve to line of battle. June 20, relieved and marched by the rear of the Fourth Corps easterly four miles to a position near Noyes' Creek and camped on the extreme right of the brigade at plantation of Agnes Atkinson, where we constructed works. June 21, moved 250 yards in advance, building new breast-works.

BATTLE OF KILB'S FARM.

June 22, moved out of our works, crossed Noyes' Creek, and formed line of battle in the edge of the woods, the One hundred and seventh New York on my right and One hundred and fiftieth New York on my left, and commenced throwing up a rail barricade. The enemy almost immediately advanced in three lines of battle to dislodge us from the position. On the right of my line a piece of woods ran down at right tangles to my position to Widow Kolb's house and a cotton gin, distant about 350 yards, then running at nearly right angles north and nearly parallel to my line, breaking away rapidly from our front in front of First Brigade. In my front was an open field, through which ran a small branch about midway between my line and the woods opposite. From my position the ground sloped gradually (in spots rapidly) down to the branch and rose form the branch to the woods beyond more rapidly. The enemy massed in these woods, ad at a few minutes after 4 advanced rapidly, driving in the skirmishers, and coming up obliquely to our left, their extreme right emerging from the woods at Widow Kolb's house, and passing the branch about ten yards from the edge of the woods running at right angles to my line. The first line came out in much confusion, being evidently broken by the fire of artillery, which was opened on them a few moments before. On the appearance of the second line, following rapidly the first, I opened fire, and in a short time both lines were checked and thrown into confusion

