
In conclusion, I would, as an excuse for the meagerness of this report, state that it has been made up almost wholly while on active field duty, and most of it while laboring under indisposition. If injustice has been done to any one, it is certainly unintentional and the result of forgetfulness, and will be cheerfully and promptly corrected when called to my attention.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. REILLY,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

Major H. W. WELLS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.--The regimental reports have been sent in informal and will be forwarded as soon as received.

Recapitulation.

Killed. Wounded.

Regiment.	 Date	 Offi	 Men	 Offi	 Men

 	 cers	 	 cers

16th Regiment Kentucky	 1864

Veteran Volunteer Infantry.

 May 14	 ---	 2	 2	 27

112th Regiment Illinois	 May 14	 ---	 8	 3	 39

Volunteer Infantry.

104th Regiment Ohio Volun- {May 9	 ---	 ---	 ---	 2

teer Infantry. {May 14	 ---	 ---	 ---	 6

100th Regiment Ohio Volun- {May 9	 ---	 2	 ---	 2

teer Infantry. {May 14	 ---	 ---	 ---	 20

8th Regiment Tennessee {May 9	 ---	 1	 ---	 2

Volunteer Infantry. {May 14	 ---	 1	 ---	 10

Total.

------

---	 14	 5	 108
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Ga., July 8, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to submit report of part taken by the First Brigade, Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps--composed of the Sixteenth Regiment Kentucky Volunteer Veteran Infantry, Colonel James W. Gault; Eighth Regiment Tennessee Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Felix A. Reeve; One hundred and twelfth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel Emory S. Bond; One hundred Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Patrick S. Slevin, and One hundred and fourth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel Oscar W. Sterl-in operations of said corps from 16th day of May, 1864, to the 8th day of July, both day inclusive:

May 16, brigade marched in advance of the division from the position occupied by them on the flank and rear of Twentieth Corps on the 15th instant on Tilton road, and forded the Connesauga River, some -- miles southeast of Tilton, and marched to the old Federal road and bivouacked for the night. May 17, marched about 10 a. m. to the Coosawatte River at Field's Mill; were detained at this point by the crossing of parts of other corps until dark, when brigade crossed over river in rear of Second Brigade, and marched some eight miles to Big Spring, where we bivouacked for

