
every day, the majority of days, in both. Brigade was relieved by a portion of Brigadier General Jeff. C. Davis' division, of Fourteenth Corps, and moved a short distance to the rear and left, and bivouacked for the night. June 2, brigade moved this morning with the division to Brownlow's Hill, near where they were formed in line on right of Second Division. Covering front with line of skirmishers, advanced a short distance, when our skirmishers became warmly engaged. Line advanced and found enemy in position on east side of

-----

Creek in edge of timber. The One hundred and twelfth Illinois Volunteers, Sixteenth Kentucky Volunteers, and Eighth Tennessee Volunteers, composing first line, charged across the creek and field and drove the enemy into their works on crest of hill, occupying and holding possession of the position from which enemy were driven, constructing temporary works during the night. June 3, brigade remained in same position; One hundredth Ohio Volunteers taken from second line, and, in connection with a brigade of Second Division, occupied works evacuated by the enemy during the day. June 4, the remainder of brigade moved into works evacuated by enemy and commenced fortifying. June 5, brigade was ordered to make a reconnaissance to the front. A section of Battery D, First Ohio Light Artillery, were ordered to proceed with brigade. The command advanced about one mile and a half, crossing a very heavy line of works evacuated by the enemy but a short time previous to our arrival; brigade returned to camp, meeting no enemy whatever. June 6, 7, 8, and 9, no change in position or otherwise. June 10, brigade marched with division to the left of Twentieth Corps. The One hundred and fourth Ohio Volunteers crossed Allatoona Creek, driving the enemy's skirmishers over the ridge; held the position until balance of brigade came up, and was placed in position. June 11, 12, 13, and 14, remained in this position, having thrown up works. While in this position our skirmish line was constantly engaged with the enemy-some few men wounded. June 15, skirmish line advanced to the works of enemy in our front and found them evacuated; brigade moved up and occupied the works. The One hundred and fourth Ohio Volunteers sent forward to occupy right of Twentieth Corps. June 16, no change in position. June 17, the enemy having evacuated their works in front during the night, brigade was moved forward and over them. After advancing short distance south of enemy's works our skirmishers met those of the enemy, and drove them rapidly to their works on east of creek, near Darby's plantation. The brigade moved up to the crest of the ridge on west side of creek. While moving into position were met with a heavy artillery fire, but owing to the protection of the crest no injury was sustained. The brigade fortified the crest during the night. Adjt. J. S. Reeve, Eighth Tennessee Volunteers, was mortally wounded by a musket-ball. June 18, no change. June 19, rebel works again evacuated, and occupied by brigade. About 5 o'clock this morning Sixteenth Kentucky Volunteers, supported by One hundredth and One hundred and fourth Ohio Volunteers made a reconnaissance on Marietta road some two and a half miles, driving enemy's skirmishers rapidly across Noyes' Creek on that road, capturing some 19 prisoners. Brigade was then ordered to return to Sandtown road; followed road on east of Noyes' Creek to Sandtown road, and marched in rear of Second Brigade to near the crossing of said creek. Bivouacked and threw up some temporary works between road and creek. Some 2 or 3 wounded from brigade on skirmish line. June 20, brigade did not change position

