
Cross Keys, thence to Decatur road near the Roswell and Atlanta railroad. 19th, marched in southerly direction to north bank of Pea Vine Creek, on Atlanta road, and camped for the night. 20th, moved in advance of division toward Atlanta, continually skirmishing, sometimes heavily, until about three miles from Atlanta, and were placed in position fronting enemy's works, where brigade remained, having thrown up defenses, until the morning of the 22d, when it was ascertained the enemy had evacuated their works in our front. Brigade, with division and corps, moved to Howard's house, about one mile distant from Atlanta. Remained here about two hours, when brigade was ordered to proceed at once to rear of the corps trains and hospital, to protect them from a threatened attack. In obedience to orders, brigade moved to south bank of Pea Vine Creek, the Eighth Tennessee infantry and Sixteenth Kentucky Veteran Infantry moving to a point near the Pace's Ferry and Decatur road to protect right flank of Colonel Sprague's brigade, of the [Sixteenth] Corps, that had fallen back from Decatur. No enemy was met by any part of brigade. Remained in position until evening of 26th. Ordered to join division near Atlanta, at or near Howard's house. Did so, and were put into position on left of division in works thrown up by enemy, where brigade remained until evening of 1st of August. On the 29th of July brigade made a reconnaissance to the east of Atlanta and toward right of enemy's position, crossing Sugar Creek at Terry's Mill, going about one mile south of that point until within not to exceed 500 yards of an apparent strong line of earth-works, with head-logs, &amp;c., occupied in force by enemy. There was continual skirmishing. Brigade returned to camp without any loss.

August 1, brigade moved with the division some three miles toward the right of army and bivouacked for the night, 2d, moved some seven miles to the extreme right of army; placed in position on west bank of----Creek; very slight skirmishing only in advance of our position. 3d, no move made by brigade; Lieutenant King, of Sixteenth Kentucky, was wounded on skirmish line in arm severely. 4th, moved in afternoon to the rear and right of Second Division, and bivouacked for the night, losing some few men by stray shots from the enemy. 5th, moved with division to right on Lick Skillet road; massed in rear of Fourteenth Corps, where brigade bivouacked for the night; Lieutenant Clarke, of One hundredth Ohio, was mortally wounded by a musket-ball from enemy this morning, while his regiment was moving out from position in rear of Second Division. 6th, at 10 a.m. strengthened skirmish line of Third Brigade with 200 men of brigade, all under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Mottley, of Eleventh Kentucky Infantry, for purpose of carrying ridge occupied by enemy on east side of Utoy Creek and immediately east of Sandtown road; the line, supported by One hundred and fourth Ohio Infantry, placed in position on west side of creek. The skirmish line thus re-enforced, formed and charged, driving the enemy into their works, which were now ascertained to be on crest of ridge. The One hundred and twelfth Illinois Infantry, One hundredth Ohio Infantry, Eighth Tennessee Infantry, and five companies of One hundred and fourth Ohio Infantry were ordered across Utoy Creek; the One hundred and twelfth Illinois and One hundredth Ohio were deployed, supported by the Eighth Tennessee, under command of Major Jordan, and five companies of the One hundred and fourth Ohio, charged to within

45 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT II

