
Numbers 354.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Laurence H. Rousseau, Twelfth Kentucky Infantry, of operations August 12-September 8.
HDQRS. TWELFTH KENTUCKY INFANTRY VET. VOLS.,September 10, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following, in compliance with orders from brigade headquarters:

Starting from the 11th day of August, the date of our transfer from the Third Brigade to the First, on the next (12th) our right moved with the division up to the left of the enemy's lines on a reconnaissance, returning on the evening of the same day. On the 16th we marched again, throwing up very heavy works in the evening, which we afterward strengthened. Leaving them, we advanced about a mile, skirmishing on the way, camping and throwing up works in the evening. Here we had 1 man killed and another mortally wounded. We remained at this place until the 28th, when we moved about two miles farther to the right, camping at night on the plantation of a Mr. Holbrook. From here we moved to the Montgomery railroad. Our next march was toward the Macon and Atlanta Railroad, which we reached on the 31st. From here we soon moved up toward Jonesborough, camping on Jack Johnson's plantation. On our way, leaving Jonesborough to our right, we advanced to within a short distance of Lovejoy's where, after remaining for a short time, we fell back along our former line of march to Decatur, at which place we arrived on the morning of the 8th of September.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twelfth Kentucky Infantry.

Lieutenant J. W. McCLYMONDS,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 23rd Army Corps.

No. 355.

Report of Major John S. White, Sixteenth Kentucky Infantry, of operations, July 8-September 8.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH KENTUCKY INFANTRY,Near Decatur, Ga., September 9, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with an order received from the general commanding the brigade, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment since the crossing of the chattahoochee River:

Our brigade crossed the Chattahoochee River on the evening of the 8th of July last. On the 9th we advanced about one mile and a half from the river and threw up works on the crest of a commanding ridge facing toward Atlanta. We remained behind these works until the 11th of July, when other troops relieved us, and we moved back nearer the river and went into camp in the woods. Remained here until the 13th, on the evening of which our regiment made a reconnaissance about two miles in advance of the works, but found no enemy. On the 14th our regiment moved camp a short distance. On this evening a severe storm came up, during which a tree was

