
blown down and Adjutant Dudley was instantly killed. During the 15th and 16th we remained quiet in camp. On Sunday, the 17th, we moved at 7 a.m. marching in a southeasterly direction. At a point about four miles from the camp we came upon the enemy's cavalry, who were steadily driven back by our skirmishers until night. On the 18th advanced four miles and camped on a new railroad. On the 19th move forward to within four miles of Atlanta and one mile and a half of Decatur. 20th, advanced about a mile in the direction of Atlanta and found the enemy posted on a wooded ridge. After considerable skirmishing during the day formed lines and threw up fortifications. 21st, remained behind fortifications. 22d, the enemy having fallen back we advanced to within about one mile and a half from Atlanta, when our brigade was sent back to protect the rear and wagon train. Remained near Decatur guarding the train until the evening of the 26th, when we again moved up and occupied the works originally built by the rebels. Remained here quietly until the 29th, during which time we strengthened our works. On the 29th the brigade made a reconnaissance beyond the Augusta railroad about four miles and developed the enemy intrenched. Returned to camp. Remained quietly behind the works until August 1, on which day our brigade commenced moving to the right; starting about dark marched until about midnight and slept in the woods until morning. Started at 6 a.m. on the 2d, crossed the Chattanooga road, and continued the march to the right of the army; took position in the evening, and threw up fortifications. Remained here until the 6th of August, when our brigade advanced some distance, and in the evening suffered severely in a charge on the enemy's works. On the 7th passed the works which we had charged on the day before, and built works in front of the enemy. Remained here until August 12, when our brigade moved about three miles to the right on a reconnaissance; found the enemy strongly intrenched. Withdrew some distance and camped, and remained until August 16, when we moved still farther to the right and again fortified, remaining here until the morning of the 18th, when we again moved about two miles farther to the right and near East Point and built breast-works. Remained here until the morning of the 28th, when our corps moved with the rest of the army toward the Macon railroad. During the 29th, 30th, and 31st continued the march, and reached the railroad about two miles south of Rough and Ready Station; threw up works.

September 1, our brigade tore up considerable of the railroad, and at 12 o'clock marched in the direction of Jonesborough, camping near Jonesborough that night. September 2, resumed the march, and camped near Lovejoy's Station. September 3, 4, and 5, in camp near Lovejoy's Station. On the night of the 5th our army withdrew from the enemy's front and commenced falling back to Atlanta. 6th, 7th, and 8th, continued the march, arriving at Decatur on the morning of the 8th, and going into camp near the town.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. WHITE,

Major, Commanding Sixteenth Kentucky Infantry.

Lieutenant J. W. McCLYMONDS,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 23rd Army Corps.

In this report it will be understood that where the word brigade is used, it is because it would be so difficult to separate the move-

