
and mixed up in the ravine, in which they sought shelter by lying down. The third line advanced feebly from the woods, but were soon driven back. In my front the enemy had planted two colors and left them. Supposing they had a mile in advance of the and protected from our fire and view by a small knoll, I reported to General Ruger my impression and suggested to General Ruger that they could be taken and many prisoners captured, but night setting in and growing dark, and no reserves to spare, it was not deemed prudent to make the attempt. Under cover of the ravine and darkness the enemy moved their disorganized troops from my front by going to our left, where they were well screened from view. Sharp firing was kept up by the third line from the woods opposite until dark, and under cover of the darkness the enemy removed most of their dead and wounded from the field. At night I threw out skirmishers in my front, with orders to advance cautiously to the ravine and see what was there. They brought in 5 prisoners, 1 of whom was wounded. The attacking troops this day were Stevenson's division, of Hood's corps. The loss of the regiment in this action was 6 enlisted men wounded. June 23, remained in same position and buried the enemy's dead. June 24, 25, and 26, position unchanged.

BATTLE OF KENESAW MOUNTAIN.

June 27, at 3.30 a. m. moved to our left and relieved three regiments of Second Division, and put in support of battery commanded by Captain McGill. At 7.45 a. m. the enemy opened a very heavy and concentrated fire on the position, which was continued furiously until 11.30 a. m.; but the men being protected by heavy works, the loss was only 1 man wounded. On the failure of the assault on Kenesaw Mountain the regiment returned to its original position, where we remained until July 3; at 4 a. m. advanced through the evacuated works of the enemy to near Marietta, where we turned to the right, marching southeastwardly, halting about three miles from Marietta. July 4, marched two miles south. July 5, passed through evacuated works of the enemy, crossing Nickajack Creek; marched vie or six miles and halted three miles north of Chattahoochee River, in sight of Atlanta. July 6, changed from the right center to the left, relieving portion of the Fourteenth Corps, and forming on the right, until July 17, when we crossed Chattahoochee River at Pace's Ferry, proceeding in a southeasterly direction about seven miles. July 18, at daybreak this morning I was ordered to take my regiment and Eighty-second Ohio and proceed on a road indicated as gong north, to find the right of the Fourth Corps, and connect with it. No road led north, but I followed the road leading east and formed a junction with Fourth Corps, which was moving on the road to Buck Head and near Nancy's Creek. My regiment and Eighty-second Ohio were deployed as skirmishers, with reserves,a nd moved forward on the right of the Fourth Corps, driving in the enemy's vedettes, crossing Nancy's Creek, and seizing a ridge beyond, after a smart skirmish with the enemy, in which I had 1 wounded and 10 missing. The loss of the enemy was 1 officer (adjutant-general) killed and 23 enlisted men killed and wounded. The force engaged was Williams' brigade of rebel Kentucky cavalry and two pieces of artillery. They were driven off. By direction of General Williams I returned to the brigade, the Fourth Corps advancing to and beyond the point taken. July 19, marched three miles south to Peach Tree Creek.

