
ments of the regiment from those of the brigade that I have thought it better to use that word. All movements made by the regiment alone are referred to as such. If this report is not satisfactory, please return it with instructions as to what you require.

Numbers 356.

Report of Captain Frank Rundell, One hundredth Ohio Infantry, of operations July 8-September 8.

CAMP 100TH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,

Decatur, Ga., September 9, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the recent campaign since crossing the Chattahoochee:

July 8, 1864, this regiment, under the command of Colonel P. S. Slevin, in company with the balance of the brigade, crossed the Chattahoochee River, and with but little change of position remained within about six miles of the south bank until July 14, when it went upon a reconnaissance some five miles and returned to camp same night. July 17, 18, and 19, the brigade advanced a few miles each day, the general direction being toward Decatur, Ga., this regiment supporting skirmish line the 17th and 18th. July 20, brigade moved in direction of Atlanta, the whole line skirmishing more or less, and camped at night about three miles of Atlanta. July 22, moved a short distance toward town and then went to the rear toward Decatur to guard trains, staying until 26th, when moved nearer town and occupied works until the night of August 1, with the exception of the 29th, when the brigade made a short reconnaissance, and returning to camp same night, when the corps moved toward the extreme right of the army, and on the 2nd went into position on the extreme right and put up works.

August 4, moved a short distance farther to the right. August 5, Second Lieutenant Addison S. Clarke, Company G; Sergt. William N. Stugard, Company E, and Private H. Snyder, Company B, were wounded while the regiment were in works. Lieutenant Clarke died August 12. August 6, this regiment, with a part of the brigade, made a n unsuccessful charge upon the enemy's works, losing 34 killed, 57 wounded, and 9 missing. Captain Frank Rundell took command of the regiment during the fight, Captain P. S. Slevin being sent to the rear wounded. August 7, advanced the line about half a mile beyond the point charged the 6th, and went into position. Remained in camp until August 12, when the brigade went on a reconnaissance about four miles and back, and went into camp on the Sandtown road. August 16, marched two miles and took up position in front line. August 18, moved about two miles to the right. August 19, supported skirmish line; Private Evander Kenning, Company K, wounded. Remained in camp until August 28. August 28, 29, and 30, marched with brigade. August 31, detached to guard corps train. Moved with the train until it arrived at Decatur, Ga., September 8, when the regiment joined the brigade.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK RUNDELL,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. W. McCLYMONDS,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 23rd Army Corps.

