
Numbers 357.

Report of Colonel Oscar W. Sterl, One hundred and fourth Ohio Infantry, of operations July 8-September 8.
HDQRS. 104TH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Camp near Decatur, Ga., September 11, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with your circular, September 9, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and fourth Regiment Ohio Infantry Volunteers in the recent campaign, since the crossing of the Chattahoochee River, July 8, 1864:

The regiment crossed the river at dusk, and went into position on the river bluffs, occupying the right center of the brigade. Remained in said position until the 10th, when we advanced one mile and a half and erected works, remaining here until the 12th, when we were placed in reserve, which position we occupied until the 17th. On the 17th we moved out in advance of the brigade, with Companies B and F deployed as skirmishers, under command of Captain J. F. Riddle, came in contact with the enemy's outpost at Sandy Springs, driving their skirmishers back to Nancy's Creek, where the regiment halted in support of the skirmish line for the night. On the 18th advanced to the Roswell railroad at Cross Keys. 19th, resumed the march at daylight and advanced to within one mile of Decatur. 20th, again advanced within three miles of Atlanta, coming upon the enemy in a position strongly intrenched. We here fortified and remained until the morning of the 22d, when we moved to the front about one mile, the enemy having evacuated their works the night previous. At 1 p.m. was ordered, with the brigade to the rear, near Decatur, to protect the wagon trains, which were threatened by the enemy's cavalry during the engagement on the left of General McPherson's forces, in which position we remained until the evening of the 26th, when we joined the division, then in position in the enemy's second line of works, faced to the rear protecting the left flank of the army. On the 29th the regiment accompanied the brigade on a reconnaissance to the Augusta railroad, near Decatur, returning to camp the same evening. We here remained until the 1st day of August, when the Twenty-third Army Corps was relieved by the Second Division of the Fourth, and commenced the movement to the right of the army.

August 2, reached the extreme right, having marched nine miles; took position on Utoy Creek, where we fortified and encamped until the 4th, when we moved with the brigade, crossing Utoy Creek; massed in rear of the Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps. Morning of the 5th marched about one mile and a half to the right. The brigade here was in reserve. On the 6th the regiment was ordered forward to support the skirmish line of the brigade, which pressed close to and developed the enemy's lines, when the brigade was ordered to charge. The right wing, under command of Major Riddle, was moved to the right of the brigade to protect the flank, while the left. The latter was exposed to a heavy artillery fire from the enemy, while the right wing was subjected to severe musket fire. The regiment, in the action, lost 10 men killed, 2 commissioned officers and 18 men wounded. 7th, moved out through the work evacuated by the enemy and fortified during the night, which position we held until the 10th, when, with the division,

