
we moved to the right on a reconnaissance, returning in the evening, when we were ordered to bivouac on the Sandtown road, where we remained until the 16th. August 16, advanced two miles and built flank works, occupying them until the 18th, when the division moved to the right about two miles and fortified, in which place we staid until the 28th during which time we participated in two reconnaissances. On the 28th took up the line of march for the Macon railroad, crossing the Montgomery road on the 30th. 31st, the command moved to the Macon road, the regiment occupying the right center of the brigade on the east side of the road, where we built works.

September 1, commenced destroying the road; in the afternoon marched on the left and on a road parallel to the one the brigade was moving on, and joined the army near Jonesborough. Morning of the 2nd followed the retreating enemy toward Lovejoy's Station, the regiment, with the brigade, bringing up the rear, guarding the wagon trains. Remained with the trains until the 5th, when, with the corps, marched toward Decatur, where we arrived at 11 a.m. September 8, when we were ordered into camp east of the town.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. W. STERL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant J. W. McCLYMONDS,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 23rd Army Corps.

Numbers 358.

Report of Captain James W. Berry, Eighth Tennessee Infantry, of operations July 8-September 8.
HDQRS. EIGHTH REGIMENT TENNESSEE VOL. INFANTRY,Near Decatur, Ga. September 9, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to your circular of September 9, 1864, I have the honor to report that the Eighth Tennessee Volunteer Infantry crossed the Chattahoochee River, with the First Brigade, on the evening of the 8th day of July, 1864, on the pontoon over the same at Isham's Ferry, and occupied the hill on the south side during the night. On the morning of July 9 the regiment was detailed to assist in rebuilding the bridge over the river at that point, which they did, and remained guarding the same until the evening of July 17, when the regiment marched on the road to Decatur, Ga., about five miles, joining the brigade, which had that day marched from the south bank of the river. July 18, marched about five miles in same direction. July 19, marched in same direction, striking the Decatur and Atlanta road about one mile west of Decatur, when the Third Division advanced about one mile and a half on the road toward Atlanta and took a position in line, the First Brigade on the right of the road, the regiment erecting temporary works in front of its line. July 20, advanced toward Atlanta until within about three miles of the city, when, coming upon the fortifications of the enemy, our line was pressed close and fortifications erected in our front. The Eighth was upon the left of the brigade, and on the 21st it was advanced to a new position on the point of a ridge connecting with the right of the Fourth Brigade, and built a new line of breast-works

