
in its front. The rebels having fallen back the night before, on the morning of the 22nd our lines were pushed forward until within nearly one mile of Atlanta; but before getting into position the brigade was marched back toward Decatur to protect the rear, and took a position about midway between Atlanta and Decatur, near so and covering cross-roads, in which position they remained until the night of July 26, when they marched toward Atlanta, taking position on the extreme left flank of the besieging army, and built breast-works facing to the rear, the Army of the Tennessee having been withdrawn from the left and moved to the right of the army. July 28, with the brigade, made a reconnaissance in southeasterly direction, crossing the Decatur railroad, and returned to its former position in the evening, where we remained until the night of August 1, when the Twenty-third Corps marched in rear of and forward the right of the besieging army, making that night about four miles.

August 2, marched about five miles, passing in rear of and to the extreme right of the line; pushed up and took position on the line on the northwest side of Utoy Creek, with but little opposition, and erected breast-works in front of our line. August 4, the regiment, with the division, marched about one mile and a half to the right, crossing Utoy Creek, and were closed in mass in column by battalion in the rear of the works occupied by the Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps. Next day marched about one mile and a half to right, and the brigade was kept in reserve until the morning of August 6, when the brigade moved to the right and front about one mile, and charged the left of the enemy's lines near the Sandtown road. The Eighth was at first held in reserve, and, the other regiments of the brigade having failed to take the works, the Eighth was ordered to and did charge in gallant style, advancing in good line until within five or six rods of the rebel works, a strong line of earth-works with head-logs, where they were compelled to stop, being subjected to a deadly direct and cross fire, which had already decimated their ranks. Though unable to advance farther they here held their ground, bravely continuing in their exposed position the unequal fight until ordered to retire, which they skillfully did the brigade returning to their former position. The regiment entered this charge with 223 men, and lost 26 killed, 5 mortally wounded, 26 seriously wounded, 10 slightly wounded, and 16 missing, making a total of 83 casualties. In this serious charge the officers and men of the regiment exhibited in the highest degree the bravery, discipline, and presence of mind which characterizes veteran troops. August 7, moved about one mile and a half to the right, taking position on the right of the line and fortifying. August 12, was relieved by a part of the Fourteenth Army Corps, and marched with the division upon a reconnaissance in southwest direction, returning in the evening till within about one mile and a half of our former position, where the brigade remained in column by battalion until August 16, when the division marched about two and a half miles to the right and put up strong works in our front, remaining here until August 18, when the corps moved about two miles to the right, taking up a new position and fortifying. The brigade remained here, making almost daily reconnaissances in a southerly direction, until August 28, when the regiment, with the corps, marched about three miles in a southwest direction and erected temporary works. August 29, marched about three and half miles in southerly direction and erected works in our front.

