
August 30, marched about four miles to-day, and went into line and fortified, facing eastward on the left side of the Montgomery railroad, about five miles west of East Point. August 31, marched about seven miles in a southeast direction, striking the Macon railroad about one mile and a half south of Rough and Ready Station; took a position covering the road and fortified.

September 1, were engaged in forenoon in tearing up and destroying the railroad track, and in afternoon marched till within about two miles of Jonesborough and bivouacked near railroad. September 2, marched about five miles and took position with the brigade in the rear of the left of the line in reserve, where we remained until the night of the 5th of September, when we marched about 11 p.m., and reached our camp of night of September 1 about 9 a.m. on the morning of the 6th. September 7, marched toward Atlanta, making about fifteen miles, and bivouacked in line for night. September 8, marched to Decatur, about six miles, and took position about one-third of a mile on east side of the town, where the regiment now is. The brigade was almost daily engaged in skirmishing since marching from the south bank of the Chattahoochee River, in all of which the detail for that purpose from the Eighth Tennessee participated.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES W. BERRY,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. W. McCLYMONDS,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 23rd Army Corps.

Numbers 359.

Report of Brigadier General Mahlon D. Manson, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of operations May 7-14.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., July 11, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to orders received from Major J. A. Campbell, assistant adjutant-general, Twenty-third Army Corps, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Second Brigade, Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, which I had the honor of commanding, from May 7 to May 14, 1864:

On the morning of May 7 we broke camp near Red Clay and moved to Doctor Lee's house to Varnell's Station during the 8th. On the morning of the 9th moved in the direction of Buzzard Roost and Potato Hill, skirmishing with the enemy nearly two miles, until we arrived within 600 yards of the enemy's works, when we formed line of battle facing to the south and remained during the night. During the afternoon and night lost quite a number of men from Twenty-fourth Kentucky, Sixty-third Indiana, and Fifth Tennessee, the One hundred and third Ohio and Sixty-fifth Indiana being held in reserve. On the 10th received orders to retire and swing line of battle to rear, which was done in the face of the enemy. This brought my line facing to the east, the distance traversed in this change of line being over two miles. Remained in this position during the 11th. On the 12th moved by way of Tunnel Hill and Snake Creek Gap, and arrived at Sugar Valley on the morning of the 13th. In the afternoon moved out on the Dalton and Rome road for the purpose of making a reconnaissance, which was ordered by General Cox, commanding Third Division,

