
Twenty-third Army Corps, when we came upon the rear of a rebel division moving to Resaca. In a short time, I received an order to return in the direction of Snake Creek Gap, where I met the remainder of the division; moved east, under the direction of Major-Generals Shofield, to the Dalton and Resaca road, where, having formed line of battle, we bivouacked during the night. At 7 a.m. of the 14th was ordered to move in lines through the woods a little north of east. Moving in this direction half a mile, we came up with the rebel pickets and skirmished with them for a mile and a half, they slowly retiring, until we arrived at a large open field in full view of the rebel fortifications to the north and west of Resaca. At this point I halted the brigade, sending forward a heavy skirmish line to a fence about 600 yards in advance of the brigade. Having been in this position nearly half an hour, the Second Division came up and formed on my right and a little to the rear. Half an hour afterward General Cox, commanding Third Division, arrived with Colonel Reilly's brigade, which was formed in line on my left. We remained in this position until 11.30 a.m., when Major-General Schofield directed me to notify Brigadier-General Judah, commanding Second Division, when I was ready to move, and also that he (General Judah) was to move at the same time with me. I at once informed Brigadier-General Judah that I was ready. At 10 minutes before 12 o'clock General Cox gave the order for a forward movement, and my brigade moved forward in the following order: Twenty-fourth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry on the right, Fifth Tennessee Volunteer Infantry on the left Sixty-third Indiana Volunteer Infantry 100 yards in the rear of the center, and the One hundred and third Ohio Volunteer Infantry 100 yards in the rear of the Sixty-third Indiana. The Sixty-fifth Indiana Volunteer Infantry, having been detached in the morning, had not yet come up. We moved with this formation through the open fields until we came to a high ridge 400 yards from the rebel works, where I halted to rest the men and give Brigadier-General Judah an opportunity to come up on the right. During this movement we were constantly engaged in heavy skirmishing, and were exposed to a terrible shelling from the works of the enemy. Having breathed my men for a few moments, I deemed it my duty to move forward, notwithstanding General Judah did not appear, as the troops on my left were advancing. We moved over the ridge very rapidly and on the double-quick to the enemy's works, which were situated on a high ridge and completely protected by an abatis of felled timber; the works were carried in the most gallant manner by the Twenty-fourth Kentucky and Sixty-third Indiana, and about the same time Colonel Reilly's brigade entered the works on the left. In the movement the Fifth Tennessee Volunteer Infantry lost its place in the original line, but came promptly up to the abatis, where they were held in reserve with the One hundred and third Ohio. After we had been in the possession of the first line of works for nearly an hour the Twenty-fourth Kentucky reported that they were out of ammunition, and I ordered up the Fifth Tennessee to relieve them, and soon after the One hundred and third Ohio to take the place of the Sixty-third Indiana, its supply of ammunition having also become exhausted, thus putting my brigade in single line of formation within the enemy's works. We occupied the rebel works for nearly three hours, contending with a very heavy force in front in rifle-pits, and during the whole time exposed to an enfilading fire of

