
musketry and artillery, the rebels occupying the same line of rifle-pits with us on our right. At the end of this time we were nearly out of ammunition, and I reported the fact to General Cox, who replied that we must hold the position even at the point of the bayonet. Shortly afterward I was notified that General Harker, of the Fourth Corps, was moving to relieve my brigade. Upon the approach of General Harker I stepped out of the works to show him the entrance, when a shell struck near me, exploded, and prostrated me, and from that time I was ignorant of what took place on the field.

I cannot give the number of killed and wounded of my brigade, not having had an opportunity of seeing the reports of regimental commanders. I have, however, been unofficially informed that the loss in killed, wounded, and missing was 615, of which number 11 were commissioned officers. Although it would almost seem invidious to particularize where all the officers behaved so gallantly, still in justice to my own feelings I cannot close this report without referring especially to the gallant conduct of the following officers which came immediately under my notice: Colonel Hurt, Twenty-fourth Kentucky; Colonel Stiles, Sixty-third Indiana; Lieutenant-Colonel North, Twenty-fourth Kentucky; Major Patterson, Sixty-third Indiana, who was killed while gallantly cheering on his men while in the open field; Captain Hutchinson, commanding One hundred and third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, who was also killed while leading his men in the thickest of the fight; Adjutant Joyce, Twenty-fourth Kentucky, and Acting Adjutant Henderson, Sixty-third Indiana, all greatly distinguished themselves. Lieutenant Charles D. Rhodes, One hundred and third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Zook, Sixty-third Indiana, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Knowles, acting assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant Quirk, acting commissary of subsistence, and Lieutenant Trumbo, acting assistant quartermaster, members of my staff, rendered me invaluable services during the engagement, and behaved with the greatest gallantry throughout.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. D. MANSON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Lieutenant COX,

A. D. C. and A. A. A. G., 3rd Div., 23rd Army Corps.

Numbers 360.

Report of Colonel John S. Hurt, Twenty-fourth Kentucky Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations May 14.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FOURTH KENTUCKY VOL. INFANTRY,Near Lost Mountain, June 14, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Second Brigade during the battle of Resaca, May 14, 1864:

At 12 m. I received orders from Brigadier General M. D. Manson, commanding brigade, to advance my regiment upon the enemy's works, then three-fourths of a mile in front in a northeast direction (I should remark that my regiment was on the right, the Fifth Tennessee Infantry on the left of the first line, and the Sixty-third Indiana Infantry on the right and the One hundred and third Ohio Infantry

