
on the left of the second line of battle of the brigade, the Sixty-fifth Indiana Infantry, part of the brigade, being on picket duty and not with the brigade this day). The right of the brigade rested on General Judah's division and the left on the First Brigade. The advance was made immediately in the above order, under a heavy fire from a battery of the enemy in front and from their strong line of skirmishers. In this order the lines steadily advanced (in the mean time having broken off from General Judah's division on the right, it not having yet moved) until within half a mile of the enemy's works and within a short distance of his skirmishers. Here a temporary halt was made behind a fence, and the regiment ordered to fire, which was also done by the other regiment of the front line; two volleys dispersed the enemy's skirmishers in the greatest confusion, and they retreated to their main works. The brigade was then again advanced under a much heavier fire from the enemy's artillery, another battery having opened upon the brigade farther upon the right. The lines, however, steadily advanced until within 300 paces of the enemy's works, when the enemy joined with their artillery a galling fire of small-arms. The brigade was here again halted, and two or three volleys were fired, and my regiment ordered to fix bayonets, and its example was followed by the other regiments. The lines then advanced double-quick, under the most terrific fire. At 150 paces from the enemy's first line of works a small stream, with rugged banks and fringed with willows, varying from one to three feet in depth, was encountered. The men, however, plunged into and crossed it in the most gallant style. Fifty paces farther forward a small ravine ran at right angles with our line, at the mouth of which was some earth-works of the enemy, and at the upper end of which pierced their first line of rifle-pits. My regiment was here ordered into this ravine by the left flank to avoid the enfilading fire of a battery of the enemy from the right. This movement brought the Sixty-third Indiana, moving still forward, upon the first line, and the One hundred and third Ohio and Fifth Tennessee made a like movement in a ravine just in rear of this. A rush was now made for the enemy's rifle-pits and carried in the most gallant style, several of the enemy's being captured in the trenches, being surprised by the sudden advance, and the enemy abandoned their first line of trenches, also to the left, for a considerable distance. The brigade had scarcely established itself in the enemy's first line of rifle-pits before he opened a very heavy fire from his second line, the small-arms being accompanied by that of three batteries. The First Brigade soon coming up upon the left and occupying the rifle-pits there, soon silenced and relieved us from the fire of the battery upon our left front, and the fire of our own men soon silenced that in our immediate front, not more than 100 paces distant. In the position now occupied, we were at almost equal advantage with the enemy, being sheltered by their first line of rifle-pits and the configuration of the ground. After being in the trenches some time, continually firing upon the enemy, heavy volleys of small-arms were heard upon our right, and, apprehending that it proceeded from General Judah's division, and that our fire would enfilade them, I ordered the firing to cease from our lines. The enemy taking advantage of this opened heavily upon us with artillery and small-arms; firing from our lines was therefore ordered to be resumed. It now being perceived that the weight of the enemy's fire increased as ours slackened, the fire was continued as a protection. At about 2 p.m., discovering our

