
ammunition failing, I dispatched a messenger to General Manson that our ammunition was failing, and to have some sent forward. He sent word that he would have us (Twenty-fourth Kentucky and Sixty-third Indiana) relieved by Fifth Tennessee and One hundred and third Ohio, and soon after the latter advanced over the crest of the hill in our rear to our support in the most gallant style, under the heaviest fire I ever witnessed. The former, with more discretion, filed around the base of the hill in coming to our support, and was more protected. At this time I received an order from General Cox to take command of the brigade, General Manson being wounded. I did not feel authorized to withdraw the Twenty-fourth Kentucky and Sixty-third Indiana upon the advance of the Fifth Tennessee and One hundred and third Ohio, they being weakened in advancing to our relief. I therefore renewed my application for ammunition, this time to the division commander, and this time was notified that we would be relieved by troops of the Fourth Army Corps. The ammunition of many of the men was now entirely exhausted, and they were formed in rear of firing line with fixed bayonets, which at the close constituted three-fourths at least of this number. At length Colonel Harker's brigade, of Stanley's division, Fourth Army Corps, came up in most gallant style to relieve us, and in accordance with orders from division commander the brigade was withdrawn in good order.

The number of the four regiments of the brigade engaged was 1,700. Of this number 49 were killed and 334 wounded. Many of the wounded have since died. Among the killed are Captains Hutchinson and Philpot, of the One hundred and third Ohio. The former was in command of the regiment, and fell while gallantly leading it; the latter also fell while at the head of his company. Also Major James E. Patterson and First Lieutenant Swank, Company B, Sixty-third Indiana Infantry. They were both true soldiers, and their loss is a loss to the country. Among the wounded, Captains Carey, Company B, and Hedges, of Company G, and First Lieutenants Nelson, Company E, and W. I. McIntire, of Company B, of this regiment (Twenty-fourth Kentucky), who were wounded in the midst of the fight and in the faithful discharge of their duty. There were 6 officers of the Fifth Tennessee Infantry wounded, whose names, I regret, have not been furnished me.

Colonel Stiles, Sixty-third Indiana Infantry; Colonel Shelley, Fifth Tennessee Infantry; Captain Hayes, One hundred and third Ohio Infantry and Lieutenant-Colonel North, Twenty-fourth Kentucky Infantry, and their brave officers and men, deserve the highest praise for their gallant conduct on this trying day. I am also indebted to Lieutenant C. D. Rhodes, One hundred and third Ohio, acting assistant adjutant-general, for his good conduct and gallantry; also, First Lieutenant Knowles, Sixty-fifth Illinois Infantry, and Lieutenants Hunt and Zook, Sixty-third Indiana Infantry; also Surg. C. V. Jones, Sixty-third Indiana Infantry, and acting brigade surgeon, for efficiency in his department.

The brigade was engaged three hours and thirty minutes before relieved. Reports of regimental commanders are transmitted herewith.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. HURT,

Colonel Twenty-fourth Kentucky, Commanding Brigade.

Major H. W. WELLS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Div., 23rd Army Corps.

