
Numbers 361.

Report of Colonel Daniel Cameron, Sixty-fifth Illinois Infantry, commanding Second Brigades, of operations May 15-July 16.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Near Chattahoochee River, Ga., July 16, 1864.

MAJOR: In obedience to orders I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of the Second Brigade, Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, from the 15th of May to the present date:

From the 15th of May to the 4th of June the brigade was not under my command. For this reason, and the additional one that its operations, with one or two exceptions, were unimportant, I refer to the reports of regimental commanders for details. On the 4th of June the Sixty-fifth Illinois rejoined the brigade from veteran furlough, and I was instructed, as senior officer, to assume command. The brigade was at that time in position on the left of the Twentieth Corps, near the Acworth road. There it remained until the morning of the 10th, when I was ordered to move it forward on the Acworth road and encamp in rear of General Butterfield's division, of the Fourth [Twentieth] Corps. On the 12th we relieved General Butterfield's command and occupied the lines thus vacated. On the 15th I was ordered to advance and dislodge the enemy from a ridge to the right and in front of our position. In this movement the First Brigade, Colonel Reilly, co-operated on our left. Our skirmish line (five companies of the Sixty-fifth Illinois under Captain George H. Kennedy) me with stubborn resistance, but succeeded in gaining the crest, and with it the enemy's advanced line of works. The ground thus gained was quickly fortified by us, and soon after occupied by the Third Brigade, under Brigadier-General McLean. The Second Brigade having been ordered to advance for the protection of the right flank of the Twentieth Corps, a suitable position was obtained without further difficulty, and works thrown up during the night. We captured 8 prisoners. On the 16th the brigade was ordered to advance and co-operate with the Second Division of our corps in an attack upon the enemy's left flank. A brisk skirmish ensued; the enemy's skirmishers were driven in, and upward of 20 prisoners captured by the Twenty-fourth Kentucky and Sixty-third Indiana. A farther advance was ordered the same evening for the purpose of more fully developing the enemy's lines. In this advance the Sixty-third Indiana, Twenty-fourth Kentucky, and right wing of the Sixty-fifth Indiana bore the brunt of the affair. The enemy's first line was carried by the skirmishers of the Second Brigade and his position fully developed. In this operation we were exposed to a warm though not damaging fire from the enemy's batteries. Having gained possession of the ridge commanding and within 400 yards of, the enemy's main line, we constructed works for infantry and artillery upon it during the night. On the morning of the 17th the enemy's works were found to have been evacuated during the night. The Twenty-third Corps having been ordered in pursuit, the Second Brigade advanced, and was shortly after joined by the First Brigade of the Third Division. An active skirmish followed. An advance of two and a half miles was made, when position was taken up and fortified. On the 18th our lines were farther advanced and works constructed.

