
BATTLE OF PEACH TREE CREEK.

July 20, crossed Peach Tree Creek in the morning, and took position in rear of the Third Wisconsin. At 4 p. m. changed our position to extreme left of the brigade and on the left of the Marietta road; regiment not actively engaged. Loss, 1 killed nd 4 wounded. July 21, position unchanged. July 22, the regiment, by order of General Ruger, ordered to report to general officer of day (Colonel Carman) as a reserve to the skirmish line then advancing on the enemy's position at Atlanta. They were posted by myself on a knoll lately occupied by the advanced line of works of Third Brigade, First Division, Twentieth Army Corps. My being in charge of the division skirmish line, the immediate command of the regiment devolved upon Captain Harris, whose report I annex. (Appendix B).* July 23 to 26, remained in position in front of Atlanta building works. July 27, by order of General Ruger, was detailed to burn a house and out-buildings in immediate front of our brigade picket,t and distant 150 yards. At 10 a. m. advanced on the position, dislodging the rebel pickets, capturing 13 and burning the buildings. The regiment was subjected to a heavy fire of musketry and artillery from a fort 250 yards distant, and on the Marietta road. Loss, 2 killed, 1 officer and 6 enlisted men wounded. July 28 and 29, position unchanged. July 30, the picket-line was advanced this morning, and held the ridge on which were the enemy's pickets, and known a the burnt houses, distant from the fort 200 yards. The regiment at 10 a. m. was ordered up to support the picket-line, which was heavily pressed all day. They remained in this position until 3.30 p. m., when they were relieved by the Twenty-Seventh Indiana. Loss, 1 killed, 7 wounded. Being myself in command of the picket this day, the immediate command of the regiment devolved upon Captain Harris, whose detailed report I annex. (Appendix C.)+

August 1 to 25, remained in position taken up July 22, losing some men by the constant fire of infantry and artillery. Loss, August 1 to 25, 1 man killed, 1 officer and 6 men wounded. August 25, moved back to the Chattahoochee River, where we remained until September 2. September 1, in the morning ordered by General Ruger to report with my regiment to General Williams for reconnaissance. Made reconnaissance with Fifth Connecticut Volunteers, One hundred and forty-first and One hundred and forty-third New York, all under command of Colonel Carman; found the enemy still in the works around Atlanta. September 2, entered Atlanta at 8 p. m. and went into the enemy's works, which we now occupy, to the left of and near the Atlanta and Augusta Railroad. I add in appendix a complete list of casualties++ by name and date, and recapitulation of same, giving localities.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. CARMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Thirteenth Regiment New Jersey Vols.

Lieutenant E. G. FAY,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., 20th Army Corps.

---------------

*See p. 73.

+See p. 74.

++Nominal list omitted.

---------------

