
On the 19th I was directed to move out on the Sandtown and Powder Springs road. Colonel Casement, One hundred and third Ohio, was placed with his regiment in advance, with instruction to press the enemy vigorously. Our progress was rapid, the enemy's resistance feeble, and Noyes' Creek was reached without delay. There the enemy crossing the bridge attempted its destruction, but without success. Shortly after the enemy in force appeared beyond the creek, opening upon us a vigorous artillery and musketry fire. We took up position and fortified our front, in as close proximity to the bridge as the conformation of the ground would permit. On the afternoon of the 20th I was directed to effect a crossing and occupy the heights on the opposite side. Captain P. C. Hayes, One hundred and third Ohio, with a detail from all the regiments in the brigade, was placed in charge of the advance; the duty was able and successfully performed, the bridge was crossed, the crest gained, the enemy taken by surprise. The brigade soon followed (the Twenty-fourth Kentucky in the advance), in time to drive back the enemy, who had rallied and was advancing on our skirmish line. A heavy fire was for some time kept up upon us, but our flanks and front were at length cleared. A reconnaissance, made by the Twenty-fourth Kentucky and Sixty-third Indiana, disclosed the fact that we had no enemy within two miles. We fortified the position during the night. On the 22nd we moved to the front and left about two miles, taking up and fortifying a position on the right of the Second Division near the Marietta road. I was ordered to move on the 25th at 3.30 a.m. and attack the enemy in rear and flank, posted in front of First Brigade, Third Division, at forks of Marietta and Sandtown roads. We advanced but a short distance before meeting the enemy's skirmishers; we drove them in; from time to time the enemy sent forward re-enforcements. We encountered no regular formation but the woods in our front were literally filled by what seemed to be dismounted cavalry. The skirmish (for it was but one) was the hottest I ever witnessed. The enemy fought with determination, and resisted our advance with artillery as well as musketry. We moved forward steadily, although sometimes interrupted. At length the enemy driven left his works, and a junction was shortly after formed with the First Brigade. Much credit belongs to Lieutenant-Colonel North Twenty-fourth Kentucky, for his able and gallant conduct on the skirmish line. Our advance was continued until a favorable position was reached, when, for prudential reasons, I was directed by the brigadier-general commanding the division to halt and throw up works in connection with the First Brigade.

On July 1 we advanced to a position on our right and front and constructed works. On the 2nd we moved to a commanding ridge on the left, where works were again constructed. On the 3rd I was ordered to send forward a regiment on reconnaissance to Nickajack Creek. I instructed this duty to Colonel Stiles, of the Sixty-third Indiana, who discharged it with good judgment. A party sent across the creek reported the enemy in force constructing works. We held this position till the afternoon of the 4th, when, the Twentieth and Sixteenth Corps having come up and united, the regiment was withdrawn. On the 6th we marched to Ruff's Station, and on the 7th to a position three and a half miles from Chattahoochee River. On the 8th we moved to Soap Creek, which we crossed with

