
some difficulty, the bridge at the paper-mill having been destroyed by the enemy. By direction of the general commanding, a reconnaissance was made to the river, distant one mile and a half. No enemy being met on the north side of the Chattahoochee, and a crossing half a mile from the mouth of the creek being deemed practicable, I was directed by the brigadier-general commanding the division to cross the brigade, commencing the movement at 3.30 p.m. The movement was made promptly and in accordance with instructions, the One hundred and third Ohio being in advance. The river was wide and deep, but no obstacle or danger could cool the ardor and enthusiasm of the troops, proud to have assigned them the duty of effecting the first crossing of the Chattahoochee. In perfect order the brigade crossed and quickly formed upon the bluffs. No opposition was encountered, the enemy's scouts firing and withdrawing on our approach.

The movement of the troops intrusted with the pontoons, at the mouth of the creek, were covered by the position taken up by the Second Brigade. In the evening we moved forward on the Atlanta road about one mile from the river, where we formed line in connection with the Third Brigade, and fortified. Early on the morning of the 9th the enemy's cavalry charged our pickets, and were repulsed with some loss. Shortly after our lines were advanced and strengthened. On the 14th, by direction, we moved to the left and took up position on the left flank of the Twenty-third Corps.

Where all have done well distinctions seem improper; I cannot forbear mentioning, however, Colonel Casement, Colonel Hurt, Colonel Stiles, Lieutenant-Colonel Stewart, and Captain Hodge, commanding regiments. All these officers have cheerfully, ably, and successfully discharged every duty assigned them. Lieutenant-Colonel North, Twenty-fourth Kentucky; Captain Hayes, One hundred and third Ohio; Captains Kennedy, Mapes, and Montgomery, Sixty-fifth Illinois, deserve honorable mention for efficient service on the skirmish line.

To Captain Putnam, Company F, Sixty-fifth Illinois, acting assistant inspector-general of the brigade, I am indebted for untiring service in his department.

Captain Rhodes, One hundred and third Ohio, acting assistant adjutant-general, though physically disabled, has remained on active duty.

Surgeon Sympson, Twenty-fourth Kentucky, senior medical officer, has been untiring in his attention on the wounded and sick. But to the gallant men in the ranks the country is especially indebted for whatever may have been achieved; hardships have been borne, toils endured, and dangers encountered, with a fortitude worthy of the great cause in behalf of which many of them have offered up their lives.

Our casualties are 18 killed, 91 wounded; missing, 8; total, 117.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL CAMERON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major H. W. WELLS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Div., 23rd Army Corps.

46 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT II

