
Numbers 362.

Report of Colonel John S. Casement, One hundred and third Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations July 8-September 8.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Decatur, Ga., September 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the movements and operations of this brigade since crossing the Chattahoochee River:

Crossed the river at Isham's Ford July 8, skirmished with the enemy's pickets, went into position, and threw up earth-works one mile south of the river, where we remained in position until July 19th, then marched three miles and encamped on the Atlanta and Roswell railroad. July 20, marched nine miles, and encamped for the night. July 21, went into position and threw up earth-works in front of Atlanta, where the brigade remained, skirmishing with and shelling the enemy, until July 27, when we withdrew from the works and went in reserve.

August 2, marched toward the right, distance seven miles; went into position and built works. August 6, moved one mile and a half farther to the right and fortified. August 8, marched one mile and fortified. August 12, made a reconnaissance in the direction of East Point, skirmished all day, and withdrew at dusk into our own works. August 15, marched one mile and a half to the right and built works. August 19, marched one mile, threw up earth-works in the face of the enemy, driving in his pickets to secure a position; remained in the works eight days. August 28, marched two miles and fortified. August 29, marched two miles and fortified. August 30, marched one mile and half an fortified. August 31, marched four miles and met the enemy, skirmished, and drove him from his works, and took possession of the Atlanta and Macon Railroad; went into position and threw up earth-works.

September 1, advanced our skirmishers, driving the enemy as far as Rough and Ready Station, four miles southeast of East Point, effectually destroying a portion of the road; then marched five miles toward Jonesborough, Ga., and camped for the night. September 2, marched five miles. September 3, went into position near Lovejoy's Station and fortified. September 5, withdrew from the front of the enemy and took the direct road to Decatur, Ga., where the brigade arrived September 8, and is now in camp fortifying.

The loss has been as follows:

Command.	 Killed.	 Wounded	 Missing.	 Total.

124th Indiana	 2	 11	 1	 14

24th Kentucky	 1	 5	 -	 6

65th Illinois	 1	 8	 -	 9

103rd Ohio	 2	 4	 3	 9

65th Indiana	 5	 9	 3	 17

Total	 11	 37	 7 	 55

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. CASEMENT,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain THEODORE COX,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, 23rd Army Corps.

