
Numbers 363.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel William S. Stewart, Sixty-fifth Illinois Infantry, of operations June 4-July 6.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTY-FIFTH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,Ruff's Station, Ga., July 6, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit you a report of the Sixty-fifth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry from the time they rejoined the Second Brigade on their return from veteran furlough up to the present time.

On the 4th of June, 1864, Colonel Cameron having assumed command of the brigade, I took command of the regiment, which was at that time stationed on the Acworth road. From the 10th, when I was ordered by Colonel Cameron to the front, and in direction of Lost Mountain, up to the present date, my regiment has been constantly advancing, doing its full share of skirmishing and in driving the enemy from position to position, but has been in no general engagement. In every instance the skirmishers from my regiment have invariably driven the enemy's and the men have cheerfully performed any work assigned them.

I regret to state that First Lieutenant William Knowles, of Company I of my regiment, who has been acting assistant inspector-general of Second Brigade, was mortally wounded on the 15th June and died on the 27th; also First Lieutenant M. W. Toale, of Company K of my regiment, and who was acting as aide-de-camp on Colonel Cameron's staff, was badly shocked by the explosion of a shell on the 27th ultimo, and up to the present time has been unable to rejoin us.

Besides the above the casualties of the regiment are as follows: 5 killed, 16 wounded (1 since died), and 1 missing.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

W. S. STEWART,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Sixty-fifth Illinois Volunteers.

Captain C. D. RHODES,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div, 23rd Army Corps.

Numbers 364.

Reports of Colonel Israel N. Stiles, Sixty-third Indiana Infantry, of operations May 14-July 7.
HDQRS. SIXTY-THIRD INDIANA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Near Lost Mountain, Ga., June 14, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Sixty-third Regiment Indiana Volunteer Infantry in the battle of Resaca, May 14, 1864:

The regiment was formed in line of battle at about 9 a.m., at a distance of three-fourths of a mile from the enemy's works, constituting a party of the second line of the brigade and supporting the Twenty-fourth Kentucky Volunteers. At 12.25 p.m. I received the order to advance from Brigadier-General Manson, then commanding the brigade, which was immediately obeyed under a heavy fire of shot and shell at the commencement of the movement, and of musketry

