
as we approached the enemy's works. The line proceeded in excellent order across an open space of considerable extent, passing rifle-pits, which had been occupied by the enemy's skirmishers, but which were deserted on our approach. As my command neared the enemy's lines, the fire of shell and canister became so severe that I hastened it forward to get beyond range, and in doing so joined in with the Twenty-fourth Kentucky and the advance continuing, the left of my regiment and the right of the Twenty-fourth Kentucky entered the works simultaneously. The right of my regiment immediately occupied the small earth-works thrown up by the enemy to protect two of his field guns, which he removed in time to prevent capture. The regiment maintained its position for about two and a half hours under heavy fire of shell and musketry, when our ammunition becoming exhausted, I sent Lieutenant Henderson, acting adjutant, to inform Brigadier-General Manson of the fact, and to ascertain whether more could be procured. Soon afterward I was informed by Captain Saunders, of General Cox's staff, that General Manson was wounded, and that Colonel Hurt, Twenty-fourth Kentucky, was in command of the brigade. The cartridge-boxes of the dead and wounded were emptied, and a portion of the regiment held their position with fixed bayonets until a part of Harker's brigade, of the Fourth Corps, came to our relief, and I marched my command by companies a short distance to the rear, formed line of battle, and moved into a ravine, when by order of General Cox, I formed in column by division and retired.

I made the advance with 18 commissioned officers and 535 enlisted men. I lost in killed 2 commissioned officers and 17 enlisted men, and in wounded 1 commissioned officer and 94 enlisted men. Major James E. Patterson was killed while crossing the field and before reaching the enemy's line. He was a brave officer and an exemplary man. First Lieutenant Swank, Company B, was killed while directing the firing of his men. These officers were both true soldiers, and their loss is a loss to the country. Lieutenant Birch, Company E, was wounded in the foot, but continued in action till the regiment was relieved. The conduct of both officers and men in this engagement was so good that I do not deem it proper to speak of them individually. I am proud to be their commander, and only ask that their conduct in the future shall be as good as it has been in the past.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. STILES,

Colonel, Commanding Sixty-third Regiment Indiana Vol. Infty.

Lieutenant C. D. RHODES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SIXTY-THIRD Regiment INDIANA VOL. INFANTRY,In the Field, near Marietta, Ga., July 7, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to the order of Colonel Cameron, commanding Second Brigade, Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my regiment during this campaign since May 14, the date of the battle of Resaca:

On the 15th of May the regiment was in the rear of and supporting a portion of the Twentieth Corps. On the 16th commenced march in

