
pursuit of the retreating enemy, fording Connesauga River at about 5 p.m. and marching that day, I think, a distance of about fourteen miles. On the 17th crossed the Coosawattee River. March was continued until Thursday, 19th, when line of battle was formed, and, advancing, reached the left of the Fourth Corps soon after dark, and bivouacked in the neighborhood of Cassville. On the 20th followed the enemy, passing through Cassville about 9 a.m., and marched the rest of the day in line of battle and camped near Cartersville after dark. 21st, received orders to prepare for a twenty-days' marched, and in the afternoon of the same date, with the brigade, under command of Colonel Casement, made a reconnaissance to a bridge crossing the Etowah River. Continued the march, and on the 26th formed line of battle and moved up to support skirmishers who had engaged the enemy in front. With the Twenty-fourth Kentucky on my right we advanced upon the enemy under a fire of shell and canister and occupied a ridge, a continuation of the line of battle of the Fourth Corps. In this advance Captain A. T. Jenkins, Company I, was seriously wounded, and 3 enlisted men. During the night I threw up earth-works. These works were greatly strengthened during the next day, and I held them, under frequent firing of shell and canister and some small-arms, till the morning of June 1, when I was relieved by the Fortieth Ohio. My casualties during the time I held these works amounted to 10 wounded, not including those wounded in the advance. On the 2nd moved toward the left, passing the Fourteenth, Fourth, and Twentieth Corps; formed line; advanced upon the enemy, driving his skirmishers through dense woods, and under a brisk fire of small-arms. In this advance 1 enlisted man was killed, 1 wounded, and I captured 3 prisoners. The enemy's skirmishers were driven into his main line of works. In this movement I marched left in front and covered the flank of the brigade. By direction of Colonel Casement, commanding brigade, I constructed strong works in front of the line I then occupied, and on the next day constructed earth-works on a line at right angles with the former line. On the night of the 4th the enemy left our front. On the 10th moved out on the Acworth road to the right and front; camped in line of battle on the right of Butterfield's division, of the Twentieth Corps. Here I remained until the 15th, when I formed of battle and advanced toward the enemy. Our line of battle here was in sight of Lost Mountain. In the afternoon of the 16th advanced upon the enemy, with the Twenty-fourth Kentucky on my right, in the direction of a strong line of works held by the enemy, and into which their skirmishers were driven. In this advance I lost 5 enlisted men killed, 11 wounded. Several prisoners were taken by my skirmishers, who were handed over to some officer of the Second Division. On the 17th moved to the left by the flank; passed strong line of earth-works, which had been abandoned by the enemy. Soon after formed line of battle and advanced to the vicinity of one of our batteries, which was firing briskly. The enemy's fire here became rapid and the explosion of his shells so frequent that, having no part assigned me in this artillery duel, I sought refuge for my command in a dry ditch, which proved an effectual protection, as not a man was either killed or wounded. Soon after dark, by direction of Colonel Cameron, commanding brigade, I moved my command to the front, threw up a strong line of works on the right of the First Brigade, which occupied a greater portion of the night. The next day I moved still farther forward and occupied a ridge in

