
our front, where I again threw up works. 19th, moved by the flank to the right and front, formed line of battle near Noyes' Creek. 20th, an advance being ordered across the creek, which was held by the enemy, I followed the Twenty-fourth Kentucky, formed line of battle on the opposite bank, and on the evening of the same day, by direction of General Cox, made a reconnaissance with my command to the front and left in the direction of Marietta for about two miles, where I found the enemy's pickets. The object of the movement having been accomplished, I returned about 9 p.m. to camp. In this movement 1 enlisted man was missing, whom I suppose to have been taken prisoner. 22d, moved forward and took position on the right of the Marietta road. 25th, in line at 3 a.m.; moved to the right and front in line of battle, and having encoutered the enemy, advanced upon him with skirmishers in front, distance about three miles, the enemy retiring before us. In this movement I lost 2 enlisted men killed, 2 wounded, and 1 commissioned officer, Lieutenant York, Company D, taken prisoner.

July 1, moved forward and formed line on the left of Second Division. 3d, made reconnaissance to Nickajack Creek, about two miles to the front, and found the enemy posted on the opposite bank and behind earth-works. Took position on the road leading from Marietta to Ruff's Mill, and awaiting orders was relieved about 5 p.m. by the Sixty-fifth Indiana. 6th, marched by the flank across Nickajack Creek, passed strong lines of the enemy's works, and camped near Ruff's Station, on the railroad, and this day (7th) marched to my present camp.

My casualties in this campaign since the battle of Resaca have been: Killed, 7; wounded, 28; missing, 1; prisoners, 1; total, 37.

The campaign has been an active and severe one, but the blessing of god of nations and of battles, which is vouchsafed to those who fight earnestly and faithfully for the right, has followed us, and I believe that I can say for the officers and men of my command that the zeal and determination with which they entered upon the campaign, has not abated by its hardships or its perils. They have borne them faithfully and bravely, and I claim for them their share of its glories.

I. N. STILES,

Colonel, Commanding Sixty-third Indiana Volunteers.

Captain C. D. RHODES,

A. A. A. G., 2d. Brigadier, 3rd Div., 23rd Army Corps.

Numbers 365.

Report of Colonel John M. Orr, One hundred and twenty-fourth Indiana Infantry, of operations July 8-September 8.
HEADQUARTERS 124TH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,September 10, 1864.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of my regiment since crossing the Chattahoochee River:

On the 8th [July] we crossed the river on pontoon bridges and immediately went into position and threw up works, remaining until morning of 9th, when we occupied a new line and intrenched ourselves strongly, remaining here without anything transpiring worthy of note until the morning, of the 17th, when we received orders to move. We took up our line of march in the direction of Decatur,

