
meeting with no opposition until the 19th, when the enemy played upon our line with his artillery, effecting but little. At 12 m. went into camp for the day, resuming our march on the 20th without opposition, except some skirmishing in the front, which caused some little delay. Nothing occurred worthy of note until the 22d, when we were double-quicked several miles to support General McPherson, who was being hard pressed by the enemy. We lay here in supporting distance of McPherson, building works and sleeping on our arms, and moving out at 3 a.m. of 23rd to the right of our corps; again building works; everything going off quietly, with some slight skirmishing at intervals until the 1st of August, when we once again resumed our line of march, going from the extreme left to the right of the army, occupying the 1st, 2d, and 3rd days to secure a position, which we did in the evening of the 3d. On the 4th we advanced our position to within 400 yards of that of the enemy, remaining until the 6th, constantly exposed to a galling fire of the enemy, which killed 1 and 2 severely wounded. At noon of the 6th we marched to the right on double-quick as support to First Brigade, going into camp and remaining here until the 12th, when we went on a reconnaissance to the right, advancing in line of battle, with heavy skirmishing in our front, occasionally taking position and changing until almost dark, when we received orders to retrace our steps and occupy our position previously left, which we did, and remaining here in an apparently quiet position, without anything of unusual interest transpiring, when, on the 18th, we received orders to move, moving about one mile to the right and one-half to the front, halting and building works in the woods amidst a severe cannonading of the enemy, which did not prove very injurious to us. Here our works were established, remaining in camp and enjoying a season of quiet repose, excepting an occasional and severe cannonade from the enemy's batteries, which did us but little harm, until the 27th, when we received orders to prepare to move. Preparations were made and everything in readiness to abscond, but did not get off until the 28th at 12 m., going to the right this night, camping four miles from our vacated position. 29th, resumed our march, going three miles and camping for the night, 30th, broke camp at 8 a.m. and resumed our march, going but a short distance and camping for the night. 31st, again moved out, taking an easterly direction. At 1 p.m. our skirmishers came upon those of the enemy, driving them before them, and with but apparently little resistance occupied the works of the enemy, driving them across the Macon railroad. We occupied the right of the enemy's works and immediately put them in a state of repair, changing their front, and remaining here until morning 1st of September, when we were ordered to proceed up the railroad and assist to camp, remaining but a few moments, when we marched by the right flank along the Macon railroad, without anything of interest transpiring. 2d, regiment was detailed to guard train, which it did until the 7th. This day we reached the town of Decatur, on our return march from Lovejoy's, where we are still lying in camp, troops working on their breast-works, and cleaning up and policing quarters.

[JOHN M. ORR,

Colonel, Commanding.]

Colonel J. S. CASEMENT,

Commanding Second Brigadier, Third Div., 23rd Army Corps.

