
Numbers 366.

Report of Colonel John S. Hurt, Twenty-fourth Kentucky Infantry, of operations May 14-July 7.

SIR: In obedience to orders received from the colonel commanding, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this regiment since the battle of Resaca to this date. In a series of movements, including a period of fifty days, in presence of or near the enemy, it is not practicable (without extending this report to too great length) to refer to all the actions of the regiment; I will, therefore, refer only to a few which I deem most important:

On the 22nd of May (being then at Cartersville, Ga.), by direction of Colonel Casement, then commanding the brigade, the regiment, together with the One hundred and third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, both under his charge, proceeded to and destroyed the Etowah Iron Foundry and Rolling-Mills, seven miles from that place, employed by the enemy in the manufacture of munitions of war, such as shot, shell, &amp;c. The works were destroyed by fire, which gallant feat was performed by fifty volunteers, twenty-five from each regiment, under the immediate charge of First Lieutenant James Coughlan, Company K, Twenty-fourth Kentucky-a gallant and promising young officer-under a considerable fire of the enemy's sharpshooters. On the 24th of May the brigade arrived in front of the enemy's lines, near New Hope, and this regiment, being then on the extreme right of the Twenty-third Army Corps, was ordered to join on the left of the Fourth Army Corps, then in position. This it did under a very heavy fire of shell and canister-shot from the enemy's batteries not more than half a mile distant. Here rifle-pits were dug and skirmishers thrown forward and joined on those of the Fourth Army Corps. The regiment remained in this position-the skirmishers being almost continually engaged with the enemy night and day-seven days. During the stay of the regiment at this place it was several times subjected to a very severe artillery fire from the enemy. On the 16th of June, near Lost Mountain, being then on the right of the brigade, I was directed by the colonel commanding to form on the left of Brigadier-General Hascall's division, who was advancing to engage the enemy, and turn his left flank. The junction was accordingly made and skirmishers thrown forward, under First Lieutenant Johnson, Company A, and joined upon those of General Hascall's division, and here occurred one of the most brilliant skirmishes I ever witnessed. Lieutenant Johnson, though having but twenty men, captured 10 of the enemy. Six of the enemy's dead were found in his front. Twenty small-arms, which had to be abandoned for the want of means of transportation, were captured. This occurred within 400 paces of the enemy's works, which were of the most formidable character. On the evening of the 20th June I was directed by the colonel commanding brigade to proceed across a bridge at Noyes' Creek, a portion of the plank having been torn up by the enemy, his skirmishers occupying in some force the crest of the hill on the opposite side. The regiment passed the bridge, under a considerable fire in good style, and intimidated and drove away a regiment of the enemy's cavalry which was just advancing to charge our skirmishers. On the 27th of June the

