
brigade moved with the First Brigade considerably forward of our lines upon the right and occupied a position which became the key of other movements afterward made. In making this movement Lieutenant-Colonel North, Twenty-fourth Kentucky, was placed in in charge of the skirmish line of the Second Brigade, and drove the enemy in most handsome style. In this skirmish Captain Goodpaster, Company I, Twenty-fourth Kentucky, a most estimable officer, was severely wounded in the face. First Lieutenant John A. Joyce, adjutant of the regiment, was also this day wounded severely in the thigh. He is a young officer of much promise.

I cannot venture to particularize individual instances of gallantry, lest it might be implied that those not mentioned did not act equally well; suffice it to say, that in this most arduous and trying campaign both officers and men have done their whole duty. I cannot, however, omit to mention the names of Felix Casteal, corporal, and Private Broughton, Company A, who, unintentionally getting outside our picket-lines, and being without arms, came upon two rebel soldiers, fully armed. The rebel soldiers were ordered to deliver up their arms, and, supposing that other soldiers were present, did so, and were marched into camp and delivered up-to their infinite chagrin, when they found they had surrendered to two unarmed soldiers. Corporal Casteal was severely wounded afterward in the skirmish on the 16th of June, having captured that day, before he fell, 3 rebel soldiers and also killing 1. There are few more gallant soldiers than he.

Inclosed I have the honor to transmit a list* of the killed, wounded, &amp;c., of the regiment for the time mentioned above.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. HURT,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain C. D. RHODES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 367.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Lafayette North Twenty-fourth Kentucky Infantry, of operations May 14.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FOURTH KENTUCKY VOL. INFANTRY,Camp near Lost Mountain, Ga., June 15, 1864.

I would respectfully report to the colonel commanding the part taken by this regiment in the battle of Resaca, Ga., on the 14th day of May, 1864, from the time I was placed in command, which was about 3.30 p.m.

I was officially notified that I was in command of the regiment, as Colonel Hurt had taken command of the brigade. At this time the battle had been raging furiously for at least two hours, and the majority of the men under my command had expended almost all of their ammunition. Standing with fixed bayonets, to guard against any emergency that might arise, we occupied at this juncture the first line of the enemy's works, that he had been taken from them in the charge at the beginning of the engagement, and were pouring a

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

