
murderous fire into the decimated ranks of the flying traitors. About 4 p.m. the regiment was relieved by troops of Harker's brigade, of the Fourth Army Corps.

Captain Carey, Company B; Captain Hedges, Company G; First Lieutenant W. I. McIntire, Company B; and First Lieutenant J. P. Nelson, Company E, were severely wounded while gallantly battling with the foe; 69 enlisted men were wounded and 7 killed, making a total loss of 80 in the regiment.

It would be needless for me to particularize on the conduct of either officers or men, as all under my command did their whole duty as brave men and gallant officers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. NORTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant C. D. RHODES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 368.

Report of Captain Philip C. Hayes, One hundred and third Ohio Infantry, of operations May 14.

IN THE FIELD, NEAR BIG SHANTY, GA.,

June 14, 1864.

SIR: On the morning of the 14th of May, 1864 the One hundred and third regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, 363 strong, commanded by Captain W. W. Hutchinson, was ordered, with the Sixty-third Indiana, Twenty-fourth Kentucky, and Fifth Tennessee, to make an advance-the One hundred and third was on the right of the rear line. We marched out of the woods where we were encamped and came to an open field, on the opposite side of which was the enemy. We were made aware of the enemy's presence and whereabouts by his firing, which he began as soon as he saw us. This was about 12 m. As we came nearer the place where the enemy was posted, his firing became more violent and destructive, yet we preserved a good line and moved forward over this open field with coolness and determination. On the right of the enemy's position was a hill, behind which we were ordered to shelter ourselves until further orders. This we did, lying on our faces to avoid the shot and shell which whistled terribly over our heads. Our loss in coming over this open field consisted in that of Captain J. T. Philpot killed with shell and 1 or 2 wounded. We lay under this hill about an hour, and were then ordered forward. This order the regiment obeyed unflinchingly, although under a withering fire. We passed two lines of the enemy's rifle-pits and here came upon the top of a hill, which was taken, with the enemy's rifles and cannon. Here we met with our severest loss, as the bullets, shell, grape, and canister fell around us thick as hail. Just as we got over the top of this hill Captain Hutchinson was mortally wounded; he was borne off the field and died soon after. This left me in command. As soon as we came to the top of this hill we were in sight of the enemy, and began to open upon him with our musketry; the boys sheltering themselves as best they could, fought most vigorously for about two hours. At this time our ammunition gave out. This left us in a critical situa-

