
tion. We managed to supply some of our men by rifling the cartridge-boxes of the dead and wounded; others were obliged to go unsupplied; yet we could not leave our position, for such an act would break our lines and might prove fatal to us. Hence I was under the necessity of keeping the regiment in this position for an hour or more under a terrible fire and without the means of returning it. At last the Fourth Corps came to our relief, and our regiment was withdrawn. We fell back in good order, and started for the rear to replenish our stock of ammunition.

Our loss in this engagement was 81-7 killed and 74 wounded. Several of the wounded have since died, but how many I know not.

I can say of the officers and men of the regiment that they all did nobly. Not a man or officer shrank from his duty but each stood to his post unflinchingly. The two captains who were killed, fell manfully discharging the duties of their positions, each winning, by his heroic actions and noble death, glory unfading and a name that will never die.

Your obedient servant,

P. C. HAYES,

Captain, 103rd Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant C. D. RHODES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 369.

Report of Colonel John S. Casement, One hundred and third Ohio Infantry, of operations May 15-July 7.
HDQRS. 103rd REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Camp on Cotton Creek, Ga., July 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from brigade headquarters I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of this regiment, since the battle of Resaca, May 14, to present time:

Captain Hayes, who was in command of the regiment from the 14th to the 21st, is now absent, sick, consequently I can give no detailed report of operations during that time. Suffice it to say the regiment was not engaged in any affairs resulting in casualties. I joined the regiment on the 21st of May, and was immediately announced as temporary commander of the Second Brigade, a position that I occupied until June 4. During that time the regiment was commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Sterling, who is now acting assistant inspector-general on the staff of Brigadier-General Cox; the absence of any report from him precludes the possibility of giving a detailed account of the operations of the regiment for that space of time. During that time the regiment was actively employed in the various duties incident to the campaign, the most important of which was the burning (in conjunction with the Twenty-fourth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry) of the Etowah Iron-Works.

Since June 4, the time I have been actually in command of the regiment, its duties have been arduous but not important; a slight skirmish at Noyes' Creek on the 21st and 22d, with a loss of 2 killed and 4 wounded, and one or two other slight skirmishes include all the fighting for the regiment up to the present time.

