
The conduct of the officers and men has been highly satisfactory to me.

Accompanying this report please find a complete list of casualties from May 15 to July 7, the whole number being 2 killed and 16 wounded.*

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

J. S. CASEMENT,

Colonel, Commanding 103rd Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain C. D. RHODES,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 23rd Army Corps.

Numbers 370.

Report of Colonel James T. Shelley, Fifth Tennessee Infantry, of operations May 14.

CAMP IN FIELD, June 14, 1864.

I have just received your note, and contents noted. I beg leave to report the following facts concerning the Resaca battle:

We (the Second Brigade) were ordered at between 10 and 11 o'clock to advance through an open field, which we did, and drove the enemy from their first line of rifle-pits, where we engaged the enemy for three hours and forty minutes, when we were relieved by the Fourth Army Corps. I lost in killed, 16 men; wounded, 92 commissioned officers, 6; missing, 14; total, 128.

Respectfully,

JAS. T. SHELLEY,

Colonel Fifth Tennessee Volunteers.

Lieutenant C. D. RHODES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

P. S.-A great many of the wounded here reported have since died from their wounds from want of attention, as I am told.

JAS. T. SHELLEY.

Numbers 371.

Report of Brigadier General Nathaniel C. McLean, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of operations June 5-17.

LEXINGTON, KY., September 5, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Third Brigade of Brigadier-General Cox's division while under my command:

I reported to General Cox on the morning of the 5th of June, and assumed command of the Third Brigade, consisting of the First and Fifth Tennessee and Eleventh and Twelfth Kentucky Infantry Regiments, in compliance with orders from headquarters Army of the Ohio. The enemy having fallen back from our immediate front, an advance was made on the 10th of June to find his position, and on the afternoon of that day we again confronted him. My brigade formed on the left of Brigadier-General Hascall's division, between

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

