
Pine and Lost Mountains, and to the right of the Sandtown road, with the enemy's works in plain view, across an open field that was immediately in my front. On account of a continued rain nothing was attempted (except the erection of a line of works for the protection of my men) until about noon of the 15th, when I was informed by an aide of General Cox that General Thomas occupied Pine Mountain, and that General Cox wished me to advance and, if possible, occupy the works of the enemy in my front. I deployed a strong line of skirmishers, consisting of portions of the Eleventh and Twelfth Kentucky and one company of the First Tennessee, the whole under command of Major [Owens], of the Twelfth Kentucky Volunteers, supported by the remainder of the Twelfth Kentucky under Lieutenant-Colonel Rousseau. The whole line moved forward across the open field, and after quite a lively skirmish the enemy was driven from his works and 40 prisoners captured. Our loss was light; I cannot give the number of casualties, as I have received no reports from regimental commanders. The works were at once occupied by the whole brigade, and in that position I left it on the 17th, when I was relieved at my own request and ordered to report to General Burbridge, commanding District of Kentucky, for duty.

Before closing this report I feel bound to mention the assistance rendered me by Captain Shields, of the Nineteenth Ohio Battery, belonging to General Hascall's division. Before moving my line forward I sent a request to Captain Shields (whose battery was planted near the right of my brigade) to cover my advance, which he did in a handsome manner, and rendered me valuable aid.

Very respectfully,

N. C. McLEAN,

Brigadier-General.

Captain THEODORE COX,

Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Div., 23rd Army Corps.

Numbers 372.

Report of Colonel Robert K. Byrd, First Tennessee Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations June 17-July 14.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Ga., July 14, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit this my official report of the various orders received since I assumed command of the Third Brigade, on the 17th June, 1864.

I received a written order from Major-General Schofield on the 17th of June, at 4 p.m., to move my whole command to Hardshell Church, at the intersection of the Sandtown and Burnt Hickory roads, to occupy the rebel works until all the wagon trains passed, and then to report to Brigadier-General Cox, who was about three miles from the church, at a white house near the intersection of the Marietta and Sandtown roads, where we encamped for the night. By order of General Cox, on the morning of the 19th of June, we were ordered forward to a point near Noyes' Creek, and there we threw up fortifications. The Twelfth Kentucky was here ordered to within two miles of Powder Springs, to support Colonel Adams' brigade of cavalry and to give any assistance necessary, at which

