
Kentucky while crossing. The Eleventh Kentucky, commanded by Colonel Love, and Fifth Tennessee, commanded by Colonel Shelley, were held as a reserve, except two companies of the Fifth, which were ordered to support the First Tennessee, which was pouring heavy volleys of musketry on the artillery and riflemen of the enemy on the opposite shore. In three-fourths of an hour from the time the crossing commenced my whole command occupied the heights on the opposite side of the river, driving the enemy from his position, capturing 1 piece of artillery, which was done by the Twelfth Kentucky, it being in the advance, who also captured some small-arms and 1 or 2 horses, wounding several of the enemy. I have the honor to say that Colonel Rousseau, commanding Twelfth Kentucky; Colonel Love, commanding the Eleventh Kentucky; Colonel Shelley, commanding the Fifth Tennessee; Colonel Ellis, commanding the First Tennessee, all behaved with great gallantry, as well as the officers and men under their commands, and performed their whole duty.

I will furnish at as early a day as practicable a list of casualties in the Third Brigade since I assumed command.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

R. K. BYRD,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigadier, Third Div., 23rd Army Corps.

Lieutenant THEODORE COX,

A. D. C. and A. A. A. G., 3rd Div., 23rd Army Corps.

Numbers 373.

Report of Colonel Israel N. Stiles, Sixty-third Indiana Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations August 9-September 8.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Decatur, Ga., September 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of the Third Brigade since the 9th of August, the date of its organization, and at which time I assumed command of the same;

On the 9th, 10th, and 11th of August the brigade remained in position confronting the left of the enemy's line, with the Second Division on our right. 12th, made a reconnaissance to the right, supporting the First and Second Brigades of Third Division. 13th and 14th, remained in reserve in rear of Second Division. 15th, moved to the right, and after dark took position on the right of Second Division, and then threw up a strong line of works. 16th and 17th, remained in position. 18th, marched forward and to the right, supporting First and Second Brigades, and at night-fall took position on the right flank of the division and threw up works. 19th and 20th, made demonstrations on the enemy's left in the direction of the Newnan road and Camp Creek Church, and on each following day till the 28th sent out a regiment on a reconnaissance in the same direction. 28th, retired this position, and commenced a march toward the Macon railroad. Continued the march till the 31st, when the One hundred and twelfth Illinois Infantry was thrown out as skirmishers, and pushed forward on a road in the neighborhood of Mud Creek, meeting with but little opposition from the enemy's cavalry, and at 3 p.m., the skirmishers struck the Macon railroad at the curve below Rough and Ready.

