
September 1, proceeded up the railroad as far as Rough and Ready, and, in connection with First and Second Brigades, made complete destruction of the railroad track. 2nd and 3d, marched in direction of Jonesborough. 4th and 5th, lay in reserve in rear of the Fourth Corps. On the night of the 5th commenced march to Decatur, and at 10 a.m. of the 8th marched through that place and went into camp.

The following is a report of killed, wounded, and prisoners since the organization of the brigade:

Prisoners captured.

Regiment.	 Killed	 Wounded	 From the	 By the

 	 	 enemy.	 enemy.

128th Indiana Infantry	 -	 2	 9	 -

112th Illinois Infantry	 -	 -	 4	 -

63rd Indiana Infantry	 -	 -	 -	 -

120th Indiana Infantry a	 3	 3	 22	 5

Total	 3	 5	 35	 5

a Of the prisoners captured from the enemy by 120th Indiana Infantry, 1 was commissioned officer, 21 enlisted men.

The Fifth Regiment Tennessee Infantry has not been on duty with the brigade since its organization, and consequently is not included in the above report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. STILES,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain THEODORE COX,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Div., 23rd Army Corps.

Numbers 374.

Report of Brigadier General Jacob Ammen, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Division, of operations in East Tennessee, August 15-31 (Wheeler's raid).
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Knoxville, Tenn., September 5, 1864.

COLONEL: From the best information in my possession [on] the 12th of August it was not supposed the enemy was approaching Bull's Gap. I started for Cumberland Gap on a tour of inspection the 13th of August, and [on] the 15th was informed by telegraph that Brigadier-General Gillem, with two regiments of Tennessee volunteer cavalry, had reached Knoxville, on his way to upper East Tennessee; that General Morgan, C. S. Army, with a considerable force was west of Bull's Gap, and that General Gillem had applied to General Tillson for the Tenth Michigan Cavalry for temporary service. I directed General Tillson to give such aid as he could, and a large part of the Tenth Michigan Cavalry was detached for this special service.

The 18th of August I returned to Knoxville, and as there were rumors of the enemy at Athens, proceeded on the morning train to Loudon (19th), and put a strong guard (ninety-five) on the train,

