
ing the Clinch, a small detachment came to the river opposite Kingston, fired on the steam-boats. The fire was returned, and the rebels disappeared without doing any damage.

August 27, sent couriers from Loudon and Kingston to General Steedman, to advise him of the movement of the enemy. The bridge at Flat Creek was burned, but has been repaired, and all damage to the railroad above Strawberry Plains has been repaired. The railroad was not injured from Knoxville to Philadelphia. From Philadelphia to near Charleston, on the Hiwassee, the railroad and telegraph were badly injured. The telegraph to Chattanooga was in operation again September 2. A large force is at work on the railroad, and I am assured it will be speedily repaired. The telegraph to Cumberland Gap was destroyed for miles between this place and Clinton. In good order again August 31. I regret the absence of the Tenth Michigan Cavalry, as with their assistance we could have been advised in time of the movements of the enemy and could have harassed him more. At the time I directed General Tillson to detach that regiment I had no expectation of this raid from the west, and was anxious to assist General Gillem in destroying the force advancing from the east. I have sent instructions to General Gillem to order the Tenth Michigan Cavalry to Strawberry Plains. The troops very generally behaved [well], were attentive, and on the alert. The party under Captain Gatewood manifested great coolness and courage, and to the captain and Lieutenant N. A. Reed, jr., aide-de-camp, I am under obligations.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. AMMEN,

Brigadier General Vols., Commanding Fourth Div., 23rd Army Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Ohio.

Numbers 375.

Report of Brigadier General Davis Tillson, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of operations in East Tennessee August 15-25 (Wheeler's raid).
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, RESERVE ARTILLERY,FOURTH DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,

Knoxville, Tenn., September 3, 1864.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of parts of the force under my command during the recent raid on our lines of communication by the Confederate forces under Major-General Wheeler:

On the 17th ultimo information was received from several sources that the enemy, 2,500 strong, with artillery, was in the vicinity of Charleston, Tenn., and advancing in this direction. It was rumored that they were to keep to the right of the railroad, and pass over the McGhee's Ferry, Maryville, and Sevierville road, cross the French Broad River, and fall upon General Gillem's rear, or effect a junction with Morgan's forces. I at once dispatched a courier to Maryville, directing the lieutenant commanding a detachment of Second East Tennessee Infantry, stationed at that post, to keep a sharp lookout and fall back upon this city upon the approach of the enemy. On the night of the 19th ultimo, in compliance with instructions, I sent 300 men of the First Ohio Volunteer Heavy Artil-

