
CAMP THIRTEENTH REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLS.,

Atlanta, Ga., September 7, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that being in command of the regiment July 30, 1864, as its senior officer present, I received orders from General Ruger, commanding brigade, to advance the regiment to the new line of skirmishers on the crest of the hill, where the houses had been burned July 27, 1864, to support and strengthen the line and relieve the Second Massachusetts Volunteers at that place. We reached the line about 10 a. m., when the Second Massachusetts Volunteers retired. The position where the regiment was stationed was about 250 yards from a large fort of the enemy and from their main line of breast-works. From these we were subjected to one of the most severe fires of musketry and artillery that we have been under during the campaign. Our men were protected by light breast-works of rails, which shielded them somewhat from the shower of bullets which was being constantly sent over by the enemy. We remained in this position until about 4 p. m., when we were relieved by the Twenty-seventh Indiana Volunteers. During this time we had expended about 100 rounds of ammunition per man and silenced a piece of artillery in am embrasure in our immediate front. At the same time the breast-works were somewhat strengthened. Loss, 1 killed and 7 wounded.

I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

FRED. H. HARRIS,

Captain, Commanding Thirteenth Regiment New Jersey Vols.

Colonel EZRA A. CARMAN,

General Field Officer of the Day.

Numbers 192.

Report of Colonel Niron M. Crane, One hundred and seventh New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 107TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Atlanta, Ga., September 8, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken in the past campaign by the One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers:

On the 27th day of April last I broke camp; proceeded with the regiment to Shelbyville, Tenn., where four companies of the regiment were stationed, with orders from General Ruger, commanding brigade, to there await the arrival of the First Division wagon train from Nashville and escort it to division headquarters, wherever it might be. April 30, left Shelbyville with division train for the front, and arrived with it on the 9th of May at division headquarters near Trickum Post-Office. May 10, marched with the brigade through Snake Creek Gap and camped; remained in camp until the morning of the 13th instant; proceeded with the brigade and division toward Resaca; the troops in the advance having driven the enemy, bivouacked for the night. On the 14th moved to the support of the Fourth Corps; about the time we arrived the enemy retired, it being nearly dark; had 1 man wounded. May 15, advanced on the enemy about 12 m.; proceeded about three-quarters of a mile, when skirmishing commenced; formed line of

