
enlisted men. It was a very sharp skirmish, in which Major Smith and his command behaved gallantly. For a detailed statement of the affair, I beg to call your attention to Major Smith's report, herewith inclosed, marked A.* On the same day the enemy surrounded Strawberry Plains on both sides of the river and opened fire upon the fort with artillery. At the third discharge Captain Colvin dismounted one of the enemy's guns, when the rest were withdrawn beyond the crests of the hills. Desultory firing was kept up all day and a part of the night. Under cover of the darkness the enemy made several attempts to burn the railroad bridge, but were foiled by the vigilance of the garrison. Our loss was 3 enlisted men wounded. I inclose Captain Standish's report, marked B, #giving the detailed statement of his operations. No little of our success at Strawberry Plains is due to the coolness and good management of Captain Standish.

During the night of the 24th and the morning of the 25th ultimo the enemy crossed his forces above and below Strawberry Plain and marched rapidly along the Emory road to Lee's Ferry, where he crossed the Clinch. At this point a party of the Second Tennessee Infantry, sent for the purpose, fired upon the enemy, killing 3 men, and greatly accelerating their movements. We lost 1 man at this place, mortally wounded.

Our loss sums up 4 enlisted men killed and 1 officer and 6 enlisted men wounded. The enemy took quite a large number of prisoners most of whom escaped, and the balance have since been paroled and returned to camp. After the enemy left Strawberry Plains we found the fresh graves of 22 rebels, and have since found in the river 12 rebel, killed by ten men of the Tenth Michigan Cavalry who resisted the passage of McMillan's Ford for upwards of two hours. Their loss that is certainly known amounts to 37 killed. There is good reason to suppose that more of the enemy's dead will yet be found in the river. The number of their wounded is unknown, but stated by our escaped prisoners to be large. We have also captured quite a large number of stragglers. The enemy did not succeed in injuring our communications to any extent. Flat Creek bridge was rebuilt in two days, and the railroad and telegraph wire easily and rapidly repaired and put in working order,

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVIS TILLSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain AMMEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Division, 23rd Army Corps.

Numbers 376.

Report of Major Israel C. Smith, Acting Assistant Inspector-General, of operations in East Tennessee August 24 (Wheeler's raid).

KNOXVILLE, TENN., August 29, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with instructions from the commanding general, I started from this point at 2.30 p.m. August 24, 1864, in command of the cavalry detachment stationed at this post, consisting of five officers and seventy-eight enlisted men of the Tenth Michigan Cavalry, and Lieutenant E. W. S.

---------------

*See following.

#See p. 741.

---------------

