
Neff, aide-de-camp on the staff of the general commanding. I proceeded up the Strawberry Plains road seven miles, where I was informed that two squadrons of rebel cavalry were destroying the railroad track about one mile above. I advanced up the track two miles at a trot, but discovered no rebels. The citizens on the road reported two squadrons of the enemy on the road above, stating that no others had crossed the river, and that a scouting party, numbering about thirty, had passed up the road one hour previous to my arrival. From this point I moved up the road at a walk, arriving at a point about two and a half miles from Flat Creek bridge, where the road ran through a thickly wooded portion of the country. My command was fired upon by the Eleventh Texas Cavalry, formed in line across the road. I charged instantly; the enemy broke and ran. I charged them to and over Flat Creek bridge, capturing the colonel of the regiment and 14 enlisted men, besides, 9 wounded, who lay along the road; also about 20 horses. The road was strewn with carbines and revolvers abandoned by the rebels in their flight. Immediately after crossing the bridge I discovered a large force of the enemy in my front, and one regiment passing around my right flank, and one regiment moving at a gallop passed my left flank. I ordered my command back across the bridge, where I made a stand. I dismounted my men and held the enemy in check until the regiment that was marching around my right came up and gave me a volley in flank and rear, when I ordered my command to fall back. The instant that I started a rebel regiment charged me across the bridge, and the regiments on my right and left also charged, driving me back on the Knoxville road five miles before they relinquished their pursuit. I was enabled to make a stand three different times of two or three minutes' duration to rest my horses. My prisoners were all retaken; also the captured horses and arms.

My casualties are as follows: Killed, 3 enlisted men; wounded, 1 officer and 3 enlisted men; missing, 2 officers and 44 enlisted men. The missing have since been paroled and rejoined their command.

Both officers and enlisted men behaved with great gallantry. My thanks are due to Lieutenant Neff, who rendered me valuable assistance, carrying my orders under a terrible fire with the coolness of a veteran.

I remain, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. C. SMITH,

Major and Acting Assistant Inspector-General.

Captain W. W. DEANE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 377.

Report of Captain John H. Standish, Tenth Michigan Cavalry of operations in East Tennessee August 24-26 (Wheeler's raid).
HEADQUARTERS TENTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY,Strawberry Plains, August 26, 1864.

The enemy having finally withdrawn from around this post, I avail myself of the first spare moment in giving a meager report of proceedings here since Wednesday morning last.

At about 9 a.m. of the 24th my scouts reported the enemy within four and a half miles of this place, but in what force they could not

