
ally crowned their efforts by bursting one shell among my horses, killing 5. Captain Colvin very coolly returned the compliment by dismounting one of their guns, the damage to which I have not yet learned. The firing ceased at about 6 p.m. but our watchfulness was in no wise abated. Every precaution was taken to guard against surprise and every effort possible to secure the bridge and post was made, and then, with every man at his post, we were prepared to pass the night, which, by the way, passed off without an alarm.

Thursday morning, disclosed the fact that the enemy had at least during the night changed position, but that they had in the main abandoned the Plains we did not learn until some time in the morning by way of Mr. McMillan. At about 9 a.m. we discovered that many were yet upon the south side of the river. They claimed some attention through the day and night. Most of these crossed the river above here at McBee's, McLane's, and other fords. Some, however, were alarmed by a few shot from a scouting party sent to watch the McBee Ford, and did not cross until after dark last night, when they effected a crossing at the McMillan Ford below here, and pursued the main body.

The casualties accruing to this command are 3 men wounded, 2 seriously and 1 slightly, and 6 captured.

In mentioning the names of the officers I have unintentionally omitted that of Lieutenant Watkins, of the Tenth Michigan Cavalry, and in closing it gives me great pleasure to say that too much praise cannot be bestowed upon the officers and men under my command, who, though numbering less than 200, by their prompt and continued discharge of every duty, however arduous, proved themselves capable to hold the post against a force of probably not less than 5,000.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. STANDISH,

Captain, Commanding Post.

Brigadier-General TILLSON.

Numbers 378.

Report of Colonel Horatio G. Gibson, Second Ohio Heavy Artillery, of skirmish August 17) at Cleveland, Tenn. (Wheeler's raid).
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Fort McPherson, Cleveland, Tenn., August 22, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 17th instant I received warning of the approach of the enemy in force, and about noon my cavalry pickets were driven in from the Dalton road. At this time my command was posted as follows: The battalion (four companies) of the Sixteenth Kentucky Cavalry, under Major George F. Barnes, and a section of light artillery, under Second Lieutenant E. R. Davidson, Second Ohio Heavy Artillery, at the building formerly occupied as my headquarters. The Second Battalion (seven companies) of my regiment, under Major D. W. Hoffman, at Camp Sedgwick, on the ridge midway between Fort McPherson and the town, and a detachment of my regiment (100 men), under First Lieutenant A. J. Thompson, at Fort McPherson. As soon as the enemy made his appearance and commenced an attack upon the

