
I am much indebted to Major Barnes, Sixteenth Kentucky Cavalry, for the invaluable assistance rendered me by his cavalry, and I most cheerfully testify to the indefatigable exertions of his officers and men in watching and giving information of the movements of the enemy. I must also commend in the highest terms First Lieutenant A. J. Thompson, acting engineer officer, for the admirable services of his pieces from Fort McPherson, and the skill, energy, and industry he has displayed in the construction of that work. Second Lieutenant E. R. Davidson is also entitled to credit for the services rendered by his section of light artillery.

The officers and men of my regiment were zealous and indefatigable in their preparations to meet an attack from the enemy, and labored in the trenches near Camp Sedgwick and Fort McPherson night and day for the greater part of seventy-two hours.

In rendering this report, I deem it proper to say that this attack of the enemy has satisfied me that my true position for the defense of the railroad and the public buildings and stores at this place is near the building from the vicinity of which Major-General Steedman ordered me to remove. With the fort now finished, and one just commenced midway between it and the town, and batteries and rifle-pits around the building referred to, I can hold the place against any odds, and completely protect the railroad and everything intrusted to my care. I respectfully, but earnestly, insist upon being allowed to make such dispositions for defense at this place as I have suggested, and if my suggestions are disapproved, I respectfully request that the matter be referred to Major-General Sherman for his orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. GIBSON,

Colonel Second Ohio Heavy Arty., Commanding U. S. Forces.

Major S. B. MOE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. District of the Etowah,

Chattanooga, Tenn.

Numbers 379.

Report of Brigadier General Washington L. Elliott, U. S. Army, Chief of Cavalry, Department of the Cumberland.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Atlanta, Ga., September 13, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the cavalry during the recent campaign from Chattanooga, resulting in the capture of Atlanta, Ga.:

After the battle of Chickamauga and pursuit of Wheeler and Roddey, in their attacks upon our trains and lines of communication in the months of September and October, and the battle of Mission Ridge, in November, 1863, the cavalry of the department, consisting of two divisions and unassigned regiments of cavalry and mounted infantry, was very much scattered and reduced in effective mounted force.

The First and Second Brigades of the First Division were actively engaged during the months of December, 1863, January and February, 1864, in East Tennessee, men and horses exposed to cold, with but little shelter and subsistence. The Third Brigade, First Division, occupied Rossville, Ga., as an outpost. The Second Division

