
occupied a line from Washington, on the Tennessee River, to Mooresville, Ala.; also Calhoun, on East Tennessee railroad. The Fourth U. S. Cavalry and Seventy-second Indiana Mounted Infantry detached to Mississippi, under the command of Brigadier General W. S. Smith, U. S. Volunteers. Many of the regiments and detachments of regiments, re-enlisted as veteran volunteers, went to their homes, which caused delay in concentrating, mounting, arming and equipping them for the commencement of the recent campaign.

On the 1st of April the cavalry and mounted infantry of the department was reorganized, consisting of four divisions, of three brigades each, and one battery to a division, the divisions commanded, respectively, by Brigadier General E. M. McCook, Brigadier General K. Garrard, Brigadier General J. Kilpatrick, and Brigadier General A. C. Gillem, with the Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Colonel W. J. Palmer, unassigned. This organization required regiments to be moved before others could be withdrawn from stations occupied.

The First and Second Brigades, First Division, were concentrated at Cleveland, Tenn.; the Third Brigade, but partially mounted, at Wauhatchie; the Second Division at Columbia, Tenn.; the Third Division at Ringgold, Ga., and the Fourth Division, but partially mounted, occupied the line of the railroad from Nashville, Tenn., to Decatur and Bridgeport, Ala.

The First Division marched from Cleveland, Tenn., for Dalton, Ga., covering the front and left flank of the Fourth Corps, Army of the Cumberland, and afterward that of the Twenty-third Corps, Army of the Ohio, near Varnell's Station, until relieved by Major-General Stoneman's cavalry. On the 11th of May the division marched to Ray's Gap, west of Dalton, and on the evacuation of that place marched with the Fourth Corps upon Resaca. The First and Third Brigades, Second Division, marched from Columbia, Tenn., for La Fayette and Villanow, Ga., under orders from the major-general commanding the Military Division of the Mississippi, and to the right and rear of the Army of the Tennessee. The general direction of its march, also the details of the same, I am unable to give, not having the orders received by General Garrard. The Second Brigade, Second Division, marched with Seventeenth Army Corps from Pulaski, Tenn., and Decatur, Ala., via Rome, Ga., joining the armies at Allatoona, Ga. The Third Division marched from Ringgold, Ga., covering the front and right flank of the Twentieth Corps, Army of the Cumberland, and afterward that of the Army of the Tennessee, on its march through Snake Creek Gap upon Resaca, Ga., covering its right flank by detachments and pickets along the right bank of the Oostenaula River, until the rebel army evacuated Dalton and concentrated at Resaca.

After the battle, which resulted in the retreat of the enemy from Resaca, the First Division crossed the Oostenaula at Free Bridge, marched to Cassville, Ga., covering the front and left flank of the Twentieth Corps. The Second Division crossed the Oostenaula at Lay's Ferry, for Rome, Ga., to strike the railroad between there and Kingston, Ga., marching on the right flank of the Army of the Tennessee. The Third Division crossed the Oostenaula at Lay's Ferry, covering the front of the Army of the Tennessee and keeping up communications with the Army of the Cumberland on the left.

After the battle near Cassville, which resulted in the retreat of the enemy across the Etowah River to Allatoona, Ga., the First and Third Divisions were concentrated on Two-Run Creek, near Cassville, Ga., until the dispositions were made for pursuit.

