
The First Division, crossed the Etowah at Island Ford, marched via Euharlee to Stilesborough as the advance of the Army of the Cumberland, thence to Burnt Hickory and Burnt Church, on the Marietta road, near its intersection with the Acworth and Dallas road, covering the left flank of the Twenty-third Corps. The Second Division crossed the Etowah at Gillem's Bridge, marching via Van Wert to Dallas, Ga., and covering the front and right flank of the Army of the Tennessee.

The Third Division, under the command of Colonel W. W. Lowe, General Kilpatrick being absent wounded, was left at Kingston to guard the line of the Etowah River, with orders to obstruct all fords, hold Gillem's Bridge, but remove the planks from flooring to prevent its use by the enemy, and destroy all other bridges which could possibly be used by them. The division was subsequently assigned to stations as follows: Third Brigade at Calhoun, Ga., headquarters with remainder of division at Cartersville, Ga., with orders to patrol the line of railroad and scout from Cartersville to Spring Place, Ga.

The Second Division marched, via Burnt Hickory and near Stilesborough, on south side of Etowah River, to Allatoona, and this movement of the cavalry, in conjunction with that of Major-General Stoneman's cavalry of the Army of the Ohio, for Allatoona direct, contributed to cause the retreat of the enemy from Dallas and New Hope Church to Kenesaw Mountain.

The First Division was posted on the right of the Twenty-third Corps, and near Lost Mountain, which was the extreme right of the armies. The Second Division was posted on the left of the Army of the Tennessee, the extreme left of the armies.

On the retreat of the enemy from Kenesaw to the Chattahoochee, the First Division marched via Powder Springs to Rottenwood Creek, a tributary of the Chattahoochee, and on west side, to co-operate, if necessary, with the Second Division, posted at Roswell, Ga.

On the retreat of the enemy to east side of the Chattahoochee and Peach Tree Creek, the First Division was posted from Vining's Station to Turner's Ferry. The Second Division forced and held the crossing of the Chattahoochee at Roswell, covering the front and left flank of the Army of the Tennessee, breaking the Georgia railroad near Stone Mountain, and, on the 22d, making a successful raid upon that railroad by destroying two bridges and five wagon-road bridges, the track, a number of cars, a quantity of stores, capturing a number of horses and prisoners, and returning with the loss of only 2 men; it also marched as a support to Major-General Stoneman, commanding cavalry of the Army of the Ohio, on a raid on the Atlanta and Macon Railroad. After waiting two days at Flat Rock, by the orders of General Stoneman, and in the absence of further instructions, the Second Division returned to its camp, after engaging two divisions of the enemy's cavalry.

After the battle of the 20th July, and the retreat of the enemy upon Atlanta, the First Division crossed the Chattahoochee, and was posted on Proctor's Creek, covering by pickets the Mason and Turner's Ferry road. The Second Division was posted on left and rear of Army of the Tennessee, picketing the roads from Decatur to Roswell.

On the 27th July the effective force of the First Division, with the effective force of the Fifth Iowa, Eighth Indiana, Second Kentucky Cavalry, of the Third Division, and Fourth Tennessee Cav-

