
alry, of the Fourth Division, forming the greater part of the command which had recently arrived from the raid on the West Point and Montgomery Railroad, under command of Major-General Rouseau, made a raid on the Atlanta and West Point and Atlanta and Macon Railroads, destroying large numbers of wagons, stores, and cars, with partial damage to the railroad track. This force encountered a greatly superior force of the enemy, and, after severe fighting, returned, with considerable loss of men, horses, and arms, and 2 pieces of artillery reported destroyed, inflicting, however, considerable damage upon the enemy.

The First Division was ordered to occupy the station of the Third Division, and the latter, under command of General Kilpatrick, ordered from the District of the Etowah to west side of Chattahoochee, from Turner's Ferry to Sweet Water Creek, and afterward posted at Sandtown, picketing to Camp Creek. A reconnaissance was made by the Third Division to Fairburn, on the Atlanta and West Point Railroad, developing only a small force of the enemy's cavalry, not disposed to offer much resistance. After destroying a portion of the track, some public buildings and stores, the command return to its camp with but little loss.

On the 18th of August the Third Division, with First and Second Brigades of Second Division, commanded respectively, by Colonel Minty and Brigadier-General Long, with two sections of the battery attached to the division, made an attack on the Atlanta and West Point Railroad at or near Fairburn, to the Macon road at Jonesborough and Lovejoy's Station. A detachment of the command, under Lieutenant-Colonel Klein, struck the road at or near Bear Creek Station. The enemy concentrated a superior force of cavalry, with infantry and artillery, which prevented the deliberate destruction of the railroad. After severe fighting, in which there is reason to believe the enemy suffered severely, the command returned to the army via McDonough, White House, Latimar's, and Decatur, making a complete circuit of the rebel army. On 24th of August Third Brigade, Second Division, destroyed portion of railroad between Decatur and Stone Mountain. On the 25th day of August, in the movement of the armies upon the Atlanta and Macon Railroad at Jonesborough, Ga., the Second Division covered the withdrawal of the Fourth Corps, and also that of the Twentieth Corps, in the movement of the latter to the railroad bridge across the Chattahoochee River, leaving one brigade to cover the front of the Twentieth Corps from Pace's Ferry, on the Chattahoochee, to Sandtown. The other two brigades covered the rear and left flank of the Twenty-third Corps, conforming to its movements. The Third Division, leaving its dismounted men to hold the bridges over the Chattahoochee at Sandtown, and support the Eighteenth Indiana Battery, of the First Division, but temporarily assigned to duty with the command occupying Sandtown, covered the front and right flank of the Army of the Tennessee to Fairburn and down Flint River to Glass' Bridge, on road to Lovejoy's Station.

The entire cavalry command, during the winter of 1863 and 1864, has performed service in a country affording but a limited supply of forage, particularly long forage; for the want of this, and on account of the lateness of the season for grazing, the animals suffered. During the time the army depended for its supplies on its wagon transportation, the cavalry did not have transportation sufficient to haul its forage, and had to depend on the country, affording at that

