
time corn of short growth and green wheat, the latter preventing starvation, but rather weakening than strengthening the animals. In withdrawing the armies from Lovejoy's Station to Atlanta the Second Division covered the rear and right flank of the Twenty-third Corps; the Third Division the rear and left flank of the Army of the Tennessee. On account of their absence on duty, from wounds, or as prisoners of war, for the details of the operations of the several regiments, brigades, batteries, and divisions, as also of individual services, I refer to the reports of the several commanders heretofore briefly stated, and others to be forwarded when received.

The Third Brigade, First Division, Colonel L. D. Watkins, Sixth Kentucky Cavalry, but partially mounted on horses from a convalescent camp established near Chattanooga, and occupying La Fayette, Ga., was attacked by a largely superior force under the rebel General Gideon J. Pillow and handsomely repulsed, with great loss to the rebels in killed, wounded, and prisoners. General (then Colonel) Croxton's Fourth Kentucky Mounted Infantry's timely arrival contributed much to the retreat of Pillow.

In closing this report, I can say with pride that the cavalry of the Army of the Cumberland has performed its duty cheerfully, executing every order given by or through me, skirmishing almost daily, and in many instances the skirmishes assuming the proportions of a sharp fight.

The services rendered by Colonel O. H. La Grange, First Wisconsin Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade; and Colonel L. D. Watkins, Sixth Kentucky Cavalry, commanding Third Brigade, First Division; Colonel A. O. Miller, Seventy-second Indiana Mounted Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, Second Division, entitle them to promotion by brevet or otherwise. Captain J. B. McIntyre, commanding Fourth U. S. Cavalry, is worthy of promotion, and I recommend that he be appointed a brigadier-general, being a cavalry officer of several years' service. My personal staff, and that of the cavalry command, have promptly performed the various duties assigned them.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier General and Chief of Cavalry, Dept. of the Cumberland.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Cumberland.

Approximate report of casualties of the cavalry command in the Department of the Cumberland, commanded by Brigadier General W. L. Elliott, during the campaign from the 3rd day of May, 1864, to the 3rd day of September, 1864.

 First	 Second	 Third	 Fourth	 Total

 Divisi	 Divisi	 Divisi	 Divisi	 .

 on.	 on.	 on.	 on.

Commissioned officers-

Killed	 5	 1	 3	 -	 9

Wounded-

Slightly	 5	 12	 5	 -	 22

Mortally	 2	 -	 1	 -	 3

Severely	 7	 8	 2	 -	 17

Missing	 59	 9	 -	 -	 68

Total	 78	 30	 11	 -	 119

a No report.

