
battle, my regiment being on the right of second line in support of the Twenty-seventh Indiana Volunteers, Colonel Colgrove. We advanced in line across an open field about 300 yards, when the enemy opened upon us with artillery and musketry, making a strong attack upon the Twenty-seventh Indiana, but were severely repulsed, leaving their dead and wounded in our hands, and 1 battle-flag taken by the Twenty-seventh Indiana, besides some prisoners. Only the two right companies of my regiment were engaged in this action, viz, Companies B and F; loss, 1 man killed and 6 wounded. May 16, found the enemy had evacuated; followed after, in company with rest of brigade, and camped near the Coosawattee River. May 17, crossed the Coosawattee River about 3 p. m.; camped about three miles east of Calhoun. May 18, marched until about 10 p. m.; camped near McDonnell's. May 19, marched toward Cassville, and found the enemy in small force near that place; formed line of battle; threw forward two companies as skirmishers; had a slight skirmish, but no casualties; remained at Cassville, the enemy having retreated, until the morning of the 23d, when we marched and camped near the Etowah River. May 24, marched and camped near Huntsville. May 25, marched toward Dallas; proceeded some miles, when received orders to countermarch and move toward the left to the support of General Geary's division, which had found the enemy in force. We made a rapid march of about four or five miles, crossed Pumpkin Vine Creek, and formed line of battle just beyond on the ridge, my regiment being the left of the line and battalion of direction. Our brigade formed one line in support of the Third Brigade, of First Division, Colonel Robinson commanding. We advanced forward through the woods 300 or 400 yards, when the third Brigade became hotly engaged with the enemy's skirmishers. The Third Brigade continued to advance some distance, when I received in my front, and charge the enemy, which movement was executed, the men advancing in gallant style, firing rapidly as they advanced. The enemy gradually fell back to their breast-works, when they opened a terrible fire of musketry and artillery upon the line. The trees gave some protection to the men, but it was a severe ordeal for men to pass through. Grape and canister swept through the ranks, but not a man gave way or showed any disposition to do so. I ordered the men to lie down, in order to shelter them as much as possible. I found it impossible to advance any farther against the enemy's intrenchments, but continued firing until our ammunition was entirely exhausted (sixty rounds per man), being compelled to collect cartridges from the dead and wounded, when the regiment was relieved by one from the Third Brigade, falling back in good order. It was nearly dark we fell back and the battle soon ended. We bivouacked just in rear of the Second Division, which came to relieve ours. In this action I had 21 men killed and 1 officer, and 146 wounded, including 2 officers, out of about 500 taken into the action. About 20 men have since died of wounds received in this action, and among the number the gallant Captain Knox, of Company F, who was a fine soldier. Lieutenant Hill, Company F, Killed on the field.

The command changed position many times from the 25th of May until the 22nd day of June. The casualties which occurred during the intervening time were 1 enlisted men and 7 wounded. June 22, the enemy attacked our division; two companies of my regiment

