
Fifty-sixth Alabama Cavalry, Jackson's division, now on the left of Polk's corps. They report Polk's corps on the left of their army; that Jackson's cavalry division is on their left flank; that most of their cavalry is on their right; that they understood yesterday that their army was in motion, moving to their right; that they had good fortifications on Lost Mountain; that S. D. Lee is commanding Polk's old department, and Jackson now has Lee's cavalry division; that a brigade of fresh cavalry went up from Atlanta to their right day before yesterday, and the army is becoming disheartened by Johnston's advances to the rear. They represent their army as constantly changing position, and that they have strong provost guards to prevent desertion and to make the conscripts fight.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

General W. L. ELLIOTT.
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, near Lost Mountain, June 16, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I found the north side of Lost Mountain entirely inaccessible. They opened four guns from intrenchments on the top of the mountain on my skirmishers about 3 p. m., which were silenced by a section of my battery. Two regiments, Fourth Indiana and First Tennessee, got inside of first line of barricades on west side of mountain, but could get no farther. Late in the evening part of their lines were occupied by their infantry; so reported by Major Helveti. I will try to get in the rear of their lines to-morrow morning while General Stoneman demonstrates in their front. Their position is strong, and their force much larger than mine, and I do not feel sanguine of accomplishing any material result, but think that I can annoy them excessively and attract their attention to this end of their line.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant D. F. HOW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Lost Mountain Post-Office, June 17, 1864-8 p.m.

After sending you the note about not moving the brigade, I sent a force out, fearing that General Stoneman's taking the responsibility might not be sufficient reason in your eyes for not obeying your order should anything happen. My men chased the enemy's cavalry on the upper road leading from here to Marietta as far as Mud Creek, six miles from Marietta by this road and six miles from Lost Mountain Post-Office. They were in rear of the enemy's infantry. The road is not laid down on the map, and is an excellent one. You have to follow the Powder Springs road two miles, then turn to the left and east to Marietta. There is also another road, called the Villa Rica road, which turns off to Marietta half a mile this side of this one. So far as any of my command went both

