
were engaged; loss, 1 enlisted man killed and 2 wounded. The attack was repulsed with severe loss, the enemy falling back, leaving many dead and wounded in our hands. June 27, moved to the left about two miles; supported a battery until about 4 p. m.; were ordered back to a position in breast-works.

From this date (June 27) until the 20th of July we were in front of the enemy constantly, building breast-works, &amp;c. July 20, crossed Peach Tree Creek in the morning. The enemy made an attack in the afternoon; a severe battle ensued. The enemy were repulsed with great loss. My regiment, being in breast-works of second line, lost Major Lathrop Baldwin, mortally wounded on picket-line (died at Chattanooga July 30), and 1 enlisted man wounded. July 22, moved with brigade in front of Atlanta; built breast-works; loss, 1 man killed and 1 wounded.

August 5, built the advanced line of works and remained in this position, under fire, until the 25th of August, losing, skirmishing, &c., from July 22 till August 25, 5 enlisted men killed and 20 bridge across the Chattahoochee River; got in position about daylight and fortified. Remained in this position, with an occasional detail for reconnaissance, until September 2, when I was ordered, with my regiment and two others, One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers and One hundred and first Illinois Volunteers, to make a reconnaissance toward Atlanta, and, if possible, ascertain the position of the enemy. We advanced cautiously till within about two miles of the enemy's works, when I ascertained the city was evacuated. I at once sent an orderly to General Williams, stating the fact, and pushed on the command and entered the city about 1 p. m. September 2, and, by direction of Brigadier-General Knipe, took position in the breast-works on the east side of the city.

The officers and men of my regiment during this severe and almost unparalleled campaign have evinced courage and determination to do their whole duty, and have done so under all circumstances. The command has lost in killed and wounded 215 men since the opening of this campaign.*

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

N. M. CRANE,

Colonel 107th New York Volunteers.

Lieutenant E. G. FAY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., 20th Corps.

Numbers 193.

Report of Colonel John H. Ketcham, One hundred and fiftieth New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 150TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Atlanta, Ga., September 6, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In pursuance of Circular Orders, dated headquarters Second Brigade, First Division, Twentieth Army Corps, Atlanta, Ga., September 6, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following

---------------

*According to nominal list 1 officer and 34 men killed, 7 officers and 173 men wounded.

---------------

