
cers and 350 men. Wheeler was between McDonough and the road when I cut it. Fought Jackson's division near Lovejoy's, and repulsed them; was forced to return by the way of Newnan, and found infantry there. I cut the railroad and telegraph, and four miles out was attacked by Jackson's Wheeler's, and Roddey's commands, and, finally, by infantry, two brigades that had been stopped there on their way to Atlanta; smashed Ross' Texas brigade in trying to break through to the river, capturing General Ross, with all his horses and men. I was finally completely surrounded, and compelled to abandon everything that would impede me in order to cut my way through. I ordered Colonels Croxton and Torrey to cut through with their brigades. I took Colonel Jones with me and got through 1,200 men by a charge in column, and crossed the river below Franklin. I have not heard from Croxton's Torrey's commands, but suppose that they got out, as they made the attempt while I was fighting. Colonel Dorr, Colonel Torrey, Major Austin wounded; Major Paine killed; Harrison missing,supposed a prisoner. My loss heavy. No co-operation from Stoneman. Will be in Marietta to-morrow.

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN.
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near Chattahoochee River Railroad Bridge, August 7, 1864.

GENERAL: I received Special Field Orders, Numbers 42, Division of the Mississippi, July 25, 1864, the following extract from which was intended for my direction:

General McCook's and Colonel Harrison's cavalry, will move rapidly on Fayetteville and the railroad beyond, breaking it if possible. General McCook will command the joint cavalry command, his own and Colonel Harrison's, but will use Colonel Harrison's fatigued command as a reserve, and his own to reach the road and break it. The railroad, when reached, must be substantially destroyed for a space of from two to five miles, telegraph wires pulled down as far as possible and hid in water or destroyed. The cavalry will, unless otherwise ordered, move out at daylight of Wednesday, the 27th instant, and aim to reach and break the railroad during the day or night of the 28th, and having accomplished this work will return to their proper flanks of the army.

I have the honor to report that I obeyed this orders implicitly, and accomplished all that it contemplated or directed. For full particulars of the details of the expedition I refer you to the accompanying reports of brigade and regimental commanders. A brief summary of results is as follows: Two and a half miles of the Atlanta and West Point Railroad and telegraph destroyed near Palmetto; the same amount of Macon and Western Railroad and five miles of telegraph destroyed at Lovejoy's Station; 1,160 wagons burned; 2,000 mules killed or disabled; 1,000 bales cotton destroyed; 1,000 sacks of corn; 300 sacks of flour, and large quantities of bacon and tobacco. I take these figures from reports of subordinate commanders and have every confidence in their correctness. Of course I could not visit the whole ground personally. The number of wagons destroyed is larger than I has supposed, the number of mules smaller.

No serious opposition was met until we commenced our return. Wherever an inferior force of the enemy attempted to retard our advance, we charged through their line. No skirmishing was per-

