
mitted. After cutting the Macon railroad at Lovejoy's Station, I found that General Wheeler's command was between me and the point (McDonough) where I had expected to communicate with General Stoneman. After consultation with my brigade commanders, I determined to return to the Chattahoochee by way of Newnan. Two miles from the railroad. Jackson division attacked us and were repulsed. We then marched toward Newnan, on an obscure road, burning a cavalry supply train we met. Near Newnan the railroad and telegraph were cut in three places. At Brown's Mill, between there and the river, I was surrounded by an overwhelming force; Roddey, Wheeler, and Jackson were all there with cavalry, and a large infantry force besides. I attacked at once, hoping to break their line and reach the Franklin road and the river. In this attack the whole right of their line was broken and demoralized. Ross' Texan brigade was destroyed, all his men and horses captured or killed, and General Ross himself a prisoner; but fresh troops came to fill their places, and after putting every soldier I had into the fight, even to my escort, I found I could not hold the advantage gained, or get through their line in any ordinary manner. I then ordered Colonel Croxton, commanding my First Brigade, an Lieutenant-Colonel Torrey, commanding my Second Brigade, to cut their way through, strike some road leading south, and endeavor to reach the Chattahoochee at the nearest point and cross. Both of these officers were lost in this attempt. The reports of Majors Purdy and Root, who succeeded to their commands, will show you how well their brigade accomplished my design. Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, Eighth Indiana, with his own regiment, the Fifth Iowa, and part of the Second Indiana and Fourth Tennessee, remained with me, cut a way through in the midst of a most terrible fire, and crossed the river at Philpot's Ferry, below Franklin. Lieutenant Miller, commanding a section of the Eighteenth Indiana Battery, by my orders destroyed his guns, caissons, and carriages, cut the harness to pieces, mounted the cannoneers on the artillery horses, and accompanied me. They all got through safely. Colonel Brownlow, First Tennessee,and Major Star, Second Kentucky, also brought detachments through.

My whole loss, killed, wounded, and missing, will not exceed 500. In a supplementary report I will furnish the names.

Among the many other brave men who fell are Major Paine, First Wisconsin; Captain Hess, Second Indiana; Lieutenants Loomis, Horton, and Cobb, Eighth Iowa, killed. Colonel Dorr, Eighth Iowa; Lieutenant-Colonel Torrey, First Wisconsin, commanding Second Brigade; Major Austin, Fourth Indiana; and Captain Kessler, Second Indiana, wounded; and Colonel Croxton, Colonel Harrison, and Captain Sutherland, assistant adjutant-general, missing. Colonel Harrison, Colonel Croxton, Colonel Dorr, Lieutenant-Colonel Torrey, and Major Paine are gone. The country has lost in them their most faithful servants; and their men, the gallant leaders who so often have led them to victory. Brave comrades, kind friends, and true soldiers as they were, their vacant places in our ranks cannot be filled, and the whole command mourns their loss.

Some of the men of the Second and Eighth Indiana remained in stockades on the river bank to cover our crossing, and fought until their last cartridge was exhausted. Not one of them escaped. They cheerfully sacrificed themselves to insure the safety of their comrades. History contains no nobler example of devotion, or names more worthy to be handed down to posterity as heroes.

