HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,Cartersville, August 14, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have telegraphed General Elliott to-day all of importance concerning Wheeler's inroad. I send a more extended report:

The party who captured the cattle consisted of four regiments of Hannon's brigade and two pieces of artillery. The capture was made about 6 a.m. this morning, four miles north of Adairsville. They had an infantry guard of 400 men with them, and only part of the cattle were captured. Colonel Faulkner started in pursuit with 250 men, at 7 o'clock, and pushed forward for eighteen miles. One hundred of his men had been sent, at 3 a. m. in the morning, in the direction of Jasper, and also scouts toward Ellijay and Spring Place, by my order. It left Colonel Faulkner a very small force to pursue with. At Fairmount, Major Fidler found one Georgia brigade and drove in their pickets. Colonel Faulkner telegraphed me that his horses were exhausted. I instructed him to annoy the enemy in every way in his power until our forces were prepared to assume the offensive.

General Smith received intelligence last night of the rumored crossing of a large guerrilla force, and this morning at daybreak Major Briggs [started], with 250 of the best mounted men of my command, with orders to go to Jasper and clear that country of any marauding parties or intercept any force that might be retreating in that direction. Sixteen miles from this place he ascertained that a large force had crossed the Tennessee road toward Kingston and Adairsville. He sent courier back. I ordered him to follow their trail and endeavor to intercept these cattle-men and attack them. One hundred more men were sent to him. When I received your dispatch my whole force of both brigades in camp was about 100 men; 50 had been detailed to go with General Smith's infantry to Canton, and since 30 for vedette duty. I have not heard from Major Briggs, and do not expect his return until to-morrow night or the day after.

My whole available force in camp is about twenty men. I think the beef detachment will go back through Jasper, and that Briggs will probably intercept them. I believe Wheeler is trying to reach the tunnel and destroy it. I understand there is but one small regiment there, and he will probably succeed. If infantry could be run up the road to-night and keep him from doing mischief until cavalry could come, he would have to retreat rapidly, and his only way out would be through the vicinity of Rome, Cedartown, &amp;c. All the other ways to the eastward, I think, could be closed by infantry if moved. Their force appeared to be taking things leisurely until Faulkner attacked them, evidently knowing that our cavalry, force was out of the way. I will telegraph any information promptly.

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant D. F. HOW, A. A. A. G.
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Catersville, Ga., September 30, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders received from headquarters Department of the Cumberland, under date of May 1, 1864, the First and Second Brigades of the division under may command, with

