
the Eighteenth Indiana Battery, left Cleveland on the 3rd of May, and marched, covering the advance and left of Generals Schofield and Stanley, to Catoosa Springs, skirmishing slightly on the march, where it remained, covering the left flank of the Army of the Cumberland, until the 7th of May. At daylight on the 7th, acting under General Schofield's orders, and still covering the left flank of the army, now concentrated, moved to Varnell's Station, and skirmished and fought until the 11th. During these days the service called from and rendered by the division were of the most arduous kind. Potato Hill, a strong natural position, strongly fortified, was assaulted, and the first line of the enemy's breast-works taken by the First Tennessee Regiment, under Colonel Brownlow, and on the 9th a feigned attack, ordered by General Schofield, and executed in the most gallant manner by the Second Brigade, about 1,100 strong, was converted into a battle by an overwhelming force of the enemy, consisting of two divisions of Wheeler's cavalry and Stewart's division of infantry. After fighting desperately for four hours the brigade was driven, still in good order, but having lost in killed, wounded, and missing 9 officers and 130 enlisted men, among whom was Colonel La Grange, its brave commander.

On the 11th the division moved to Ray's or Dug Gap, an important position covering the left of our army in its flanking march, and relieving with its small force General Geary's entire division of infantry. On the 13th crossed gap and joined General Howard; had a spirited engagement in the evening, and until the 16th took part in the operations about Resaca, the Second and Fourth Indiana and Second Michigan dismounted and filling up gaps in the infantry line, and the rest of the command covering the left flank of Hooker's column, in his severe fight at that place. Between the 16th and 18th the division crossed the Connesauga and Coosawattee, and having formed a junction with Stoneman, who acted as a support, marched upon Cassville on the 19th, and, after a severe fight of cavalry against infantry, and a heavy artillery duel, drove the enemy out of their intrenchments into the town, and placed their battery entirely hors de combat. From this time until the 23rd the division remained at Kingston, and on the morning of that day crossed the Etowah River at Island Ford, and taking the advance of the army, found and defeated J. T. Morgan's and Ross' brigades at Stilesborough, and during the two following days pursued them, skirmishing incessantly, and crossing Raccoon and Pumpkin Vine Creeks, until the 26th, when it caught up with the enemy in front of Burnt Church, cutting their and cavalry line in two, and driving their infantry back upon their intrenchments, capturing 72 prisoners, with but slight loss, except that of Lieutenant-Colonel Stewart, commanding Second Brigade, captured. From this time until the 3rd of June the division remained without infantry support, without forage for its horses, and but half rations for the men, holding successfully a hilly, wooded country, utterly unfit for cavalry operations, subject to continued and persistent attacks of all three arms of the service, both by night and day. On the 3rd the infantry, under Schofield, advanced on the left, and the division advanced on the left flank and took possession of the Dallas and Acworth road, and remained near and about this place, covering the right rear of the army, which was making its flank movement to Big Shanty, picketing heavily, sending out frequent scouts to long distances, and making reconnaissances until the 13th, when it was ordered to Acworth, where it

