
report of the movements and operations of the One hundred and fiftieth Regiment New York Volunteers from the 26th day of April, 1864, to and including the 2nd day of September, 1864, the date of the occupation of Atlanta, Ga.:

April 26, left Normandy, Tenn., and marched to Tullahoma, where we joined the Twenty-seventh Indiana, Thirteenth New Jersey, and Second Massachusetts Regiments, a distance of eight miles. April 28, marched to Decherd, thirteen miles. April 29, marched to University Place, fifteen miles. April 30, marched to Battle Creek, seventeen miles.

May 1, marched through Bridgeport, Ala., crossing the Tennessee River at this point, to Shellmound, sixteen miles. May 2, marched to Whiteside's, nine miles. May 3, marched over Lookout Mountain to Chattanooga, fourteenth miles. May 4, marched through Rossville, over the Chickamauga battle-ground, to Gordon's Mills, ten miles. May 5, marched to the base of Taylor's Ridge, eleven miles. May 7, marched over the mountain at Nickajack Trace to Trickum Post-Office, twelve miles. May 10, resumed the march at midnight in the direction of Snake Creek Gap, reaching this point at 10 a. m. At 3 p. m. marched through the gap and encamped, having marched eighteen miles. May 13, resumed the march at 6 a. m.; formed column by division in rear of the first line of breast-works. Remained until 6 p. m., then moved to the right about two miles and encamped. May 14, at 6 a. m. moved to the left about two miles, formed divisions, and remained until 2 p. m.; then moved to the support of General Howard on the extreme left. The First Division reached the position designated in time to save a battery from falling into the hands of the enemy. Heavy musketry firing along the whole line. May 15, at 2 p. m. advanced about a mile by the flank and in line of battle, part of the way under heavy fire. The One hundred and fiftieth was assigned a position on a hill in the front line and on the left of the Second Brigade and at once commenced the erection of breast-works, but before they were completed the rebels in massed columns came out of the woods on our right, evidently with the intention of turning our left. At the first volley they fell back in confusion, but soon rallied, and were again repulsed. Firing continued uninterruptedly about three hours, when the enemy abandoned the field. During the engagement Adjutant Cruger, a brave noble fellow, fell severely wounded. Expended forty-five rounds of ammunition per man. Our casualties in this battle (Resaca), owing to our commanding position and the protection of breast-works, were comparatively few. May 16, rebels retreated during the night, and at 9 a. m. we resumed the march, passing to the left of Resaca, and encamped near McClure's Ferry, having marched about fifteen miles. May 17, crossed the Coosawattee River at 7 a. m. and marched about six miles. May 18, resumed the march at 9 a. m. and reached Adairsville about 10 p. m., having marched twenty-one miles. May 19, at 1 p. m. again resumed the march in the direction of Cassville, but soon encountered the enemy. The Twentieth Corps was at once deployed (the One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers on my right and Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers on my left) and pressed forward through dense woods about two miles, driving the enemy, when night came on, and we were obliged to make a stand. The One

