
brigade in the advance, on the road to Lovejoy's Station. Colonel Brownlow, of the First Tennessee, had the advance, supported by a battalion of the Eighth Iowa, under command of Major Root, until we reached Flint River, four miles from Fayetteville. We continued to find the rebel trains. The quartermasters in charge, with the teamsters and guards, were captured by the advance, and the wagons left for the rear guard boy burn. A few who escaped from the train had hurried on and fired the bridge over Flint River, when Colonel Brownlow came up and captured the party and saved the bridge. At 7 a. m. we struck the railroad half a mile north of Lovejoy's Station, and immediately cut the telegraph line and began to destroy the track. Here we remained until 2 p.m., when the command moved back on the road we came, by brigade in the rear, the regiments marching left in front. About a mile from the railroad the column in front had turned square to the left, taking a road that led in a southwestern direction toward Newnan. Just as the advance of my brigade reached this road a brigade of rebels appeared in front and began firing on us. I saw it was impossible to get away without fighting, and accordingly ordered Colonel Dorr, of the Eighth Iowa, to charge down the road and drive them back and hold them until I could get the other regiments in line. With the advance battalion of his regiment Colonel Dorr dashed against the head of the enemy's column, drove it back with confusion, and was only checked by the enemy's troops in rear, which were promptly deployed on either side of the road. It gave me time, however, to get the remainder of the Eighth Iowa and First Tennessee in position, and covering the road we were to hold, I intended the Fourth Kentucky to pass on and take position farther on the road and to cover it while I withdrew the other regiments.

The enemy, however, attacked us immediately with such force and vigor that I found it necessary to put the Fourth Kentucky, except two companies, in on the right of the First Tennessee, which I did, so as to strike the left of the enemy's line in flank. Just at this time an orderly, sent to inform the general commanding the division, returned, stating that the enemy were moving on our road between by brigade and the one in advance. I ordered two companies of the Bio Kentucky, under Captain Hudnall, to move up the road, communicate with the column, and hold the road open. At the same time I ordered the whole line to move forward and drive the enemy from our front and be ready to withdraw promptly. The line moved and the enemy were driven back, though not without considerable loss to us in killed and wounded. The whole of the brigade was rapidly withdrawn and proceeded on the road, except two companies of the Fourth Kentucky, who were deployed to push the enemy and cover the movement. In the mean time Captain Hudnall, assisted by the Second Brigade, had driven the enemy off the road, which the Second Brigade covered until mine passed, except the two companies of the Fourth Kentucky, who had been left in the rear, and by some unaccountable means they appear to have taken the wrong road or been intercepted and failed to join the column. Two miles farther on we crossed Flint River, when my brigade allowed the Second to pass it and again took the rear. It was now dark, and immediately in my front moved the train of pack-mules, preceded by several hundred prisoners and their guard. From that time until midnight we made but little progress, as the road in front was continually blockaded by the column in my immediate front. I

