
communication. The Eighth Iowa, Major Root commanding, moved on, passing the pack-train and prisoners, and charging in column of fours down the road, which led through an almost impenetrable forest. The enemy had planted himself across this road and determined to hold it. The Eighth Iowa dashed upon them and drove them out, captured a number of prisoners and a large number of horses, and finally forced their way through. The enemy, however, who were dismounted and hidden in the dense woods on either side of the road closed upon the flanks of the charging column, severing and driving it either way.

The First Tennessee had been sent out to reconnoiter a right-hand road. The Fourth Kentucky, many of whom had no ammunition, were thrown into the woods on the right of the road, and General McCook, who was on the ground, ordered up a detachment of the Second Indiana on the left. This checked the enemy, who, though repeatedly attempting it, never emerged from the woods, but held tenaciously to his position there. Afterward the First Tennessee came up, and was placed in position on the left and in rear of the line so as to cover that flank. Shortly afterward a part of Colonel Harrison's brigade came up, relieved mine, and tried to make its way through, but failed. In the mean time the enemy was appearing on all side, and, as far as I could tell, we were completely surrounded. After Colonel Harrison's brigade had failed to open the road I proposed to the general commanding the division that I would take my brigade, or what was left, and try and find my way out. He consented, and the regiments were ordered to prepare for the movement. Colonel Dorr, who had been severely wounded the day previous, left the ambulance and gathered up the remnant of his gallant regiment. I rode out with Colonel Brownlow to a large open field through which I proposed to move and across which ran an impassable ditch. After some time I found a bridge by which it could be crossed, and ordered him to bring on his regiment, and sent an officer to bring on the remaining two. We had just crossed the bridge when the enemy made a furious attack on our lines just where I had left Colonel Dorr, with the Eighth Iowa Cavalry, and apprehending some difficulty in his getting out in the confusion, I halted the First Tennessee on a high ridge in the open ground beyond the ravine and formed it in line facing the enemy. In a short time the enemy were repulsed and the firing ceased. I saw the Fourth Kentucky coming up, followed by what I supposed was the Eighth Iowa, and immediately ordered Colonel Brownlow to move.

Passing through the woods, crossing the main road, either end of which was in possession of the enemy, we came to a road leading toward the river. Here Colonel Brownlow was directed to move on, while I halted with three orderlies to see that the Eighth Iowa followed. One of the orderlies I sent back to inform General McCook that we were out and the road clear. While I was waiting here, expecting the arrival of the Eighth Iowa, the rebels, who seemed to have discovered our movement, appeared on the road in rear of the part of my command that had passed. I determined to ride back, hurry up the Eighth Iowa, and, if possible, drive them off, but on reaching the main road I had crossed found it occupied by the enemy. I determined then, if possible, to join Brownlow, but after repeated attempts failed and found myself with by two orderlies alone, our horses, which had not been unsaddled since leaving camp, exhausted, and the enemy occupying all the roads that led to the river. On the following night one of the orderlies was

