
Numbers 383.

Reports of Colonel James P. Brownlow, First Tennessee Cavalry commanding First Brigade, of operations July 27-31 (McCook's raid).
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Marietta, Ga., August 1, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following brief report of operations of this command from July 28 till the present time:

On the morning of July 28 we crossed the Chattahoochee River above Campbellton and moved twelve miles southwest of Campbellton, recrossed the river, and advanced to Palmetto Station, on the West Point railroad, without opposition. Here the road was destroyed for some distance, together with the depot and a few box cars containing a quantity of salt, bacon, flour, and other commissary stores. At 9 p. m. we advanced, via Fayetteville, to Lovejoy's Station, on the Macon road, which was destroyed in such a manner as to render it unserviceable for about twelve or fifteen days. We destroyed a large amount of commissary stores at this place. Between Fayetteville and Lovejoy's we destroyed more than 500 wagons loaded with general supplies, together with general headquarters wagons of the army. At 12 m. on the 29th the First Brigade, Colonel Croxton, Fourth Kentucky Mounted Infantry, commanding, was attacked by Armstrong's cavalry brigade, which was handsomely repulsed after three hours' hard fighting. On the 30th we moved in the direction of Newnan, with a view of recrossing the river at Moore's Bridge. Here we were attacked at 8 a. m. by two divisions of cavalry and one division of infantry. The fighting was desperate during the entire day. At 5 p. m., seeing that the division would be overwhelmed and compelled to surrender, General McCook gave permission for the commanding officers to save themselves, if possible. I cut the enemy's lines with 600 men, but was unable to cross more than 150 on account of the enemy's crossing in force at Moore's Bridge. I reached Conyers with twenty-eight mounted men; the remainder, being dismounted, have not yet arrived, but are expected hourly. Major Purdy, Fourth Indiana Cavalry, crossed twenty miles below Moore's Bridge, and has arrived safely with 280 mounted men. I do not think any other attempts were made to escape. My opinion is that General McCook surrendered at dark; I am not certain of this fact.

Our loss will not exceed 2,000 killed, wounded, and missing, 2 pieces of artillery, and 6 ambulances. I will send in a detailed account to-morrow.

JAS. P. BROWNLOW,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Brigadier General W. L. ELLIOTT, Chief of Cavalry.]
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Marietta, Ga, August 5, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of this brigade on the late raid, commencing July 27, 1864, and ending August 3, 1864:

In obedience to orders, July 27, 1864, we left camp at Mason's Church, crossed the Chattahoochee River at Turner's Ferry, and, in

