
advance of the division, moved down the north bank of the river to a point twelve miles below Campbellton; recrossed the Chattahoochee at 9 a. m., on the 28th with but little opposition, and moved to Palmetto, on the West Point railroad, which we reached at sunset. Captured the mail, destroyed the telegraph wire, burned the depot, containing several bales of cotton, a large quantity of salt and flour, and at 9 p.m moved to Fayetteville, which was reached at daylight on the 29th, where we destroyed the mail, 20 boxes of tobacco, 3,000 sacks, and 4 barrels of whisky. At 5 a.m. we moved in the direction of Lovejoy's Station, on the Macon and Atlanta Railroad. Between these points we captured over 500 wagons, which were left for the rear guard to destroy. On reaching the railroad Major Thornburgh, First Tennessee Cavalry, and Major Root, Eight Iowa Cavalry, were ordered to the station to destroy the cars and other government property, consisting of &amp;300,000 worth of cotton and salt and &100,000 worth of tobacco, which they did most effectually, besides destroying the track for more than one mile. Having completed our work we moved, in the rear of the division, on the road leading to Moore's Bridge over the Chattahoochee, via Newnan, on the West Point railroad. We had moved but one mile on this road when we were cut off from the division and attacked on the right flank by Armstrong's rebel brigade, which, after fighting three hours, was handsomely repulsed with a loss of two companies of the Fourth Kentucky Mounted Infantry. Colonel Dorr, of the Eighth Iowa, wounded; Adjutant Horton, Lieutenant Loomis, Eighth Iowa, and Lieutenant Roberts, First Tennessee Cavalry, killed.

On the 30th the Fourth Kentucky, Lieutenant-Colonel Kelly commanding, being the rear guard, was attacked by Humes' division, and after repulsing five desperate charges of the enemy were overpowered and the majority captured. After moving northwest and in the rear of the town (Newnan) the command was surrounded by a large force of cavalry, infantry, and artillery, which we fought till 5 p. m., when Colonel Croxton, commanding the brigade, received orders from General McCook to cut his way out and move south in the direction of La Grange. Colonel Croxton moved in the direction indicated, but soon became lost from his brigade, when I assumed command and moved in the direction of the river, which was reached at Rotherwood at 1 a. m. on the 31st. I immediately commenced to cross the brigade, but having only two small canoes the work was very slow, and I had crossed but 250 of the command when I was attacked from both sides, the enemy having crossed above me, and the remainder killed, wounded, and captured. I believe more would have escaped if the brigade had moved in the direction suggested by General McCook.

It is impossible at present to state the loss of the command, as stragglers are coming in daily, and many now missing will come in before the end of the week.

I embrace this opportunity of tendering the thanks of the First Brigade to General McCook for the brave and masterly manner in which he led us on this daring expedition, and did such good service in behalf of the Division of the Mississippi.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. P. BROWNLOW,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain ROBERT LE ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

