
horses were held, capturing at least 500 horses of the brigade. Here a part of the eighth Iowa charging on a squad of officers who were fighting desperately, capturing and killing all who were in the road, and they, being examined, proved to be General Ross and another, Lieutenant Williams; I sent them forward to General McCook, but learned that they never reached him, as they must have been recaptured at the time the Eighth Iowa was engaged. The fighting all along the line was terrific. As my orders were from the general commanding to cut my way through and clear the road, my command lost largely in killed and wounded, as I found myself surrounded several times and cut through at least three times, holding the road for at least one hour; but the number of the enemy being at least five to one, I was compelled to fall back and try to get out the best I could. The enemy's dead and wounded lay in heaps all along the road, and could not have been less than 100. In this charge I lost Lieutenant Loomis and Lieutenant Cobb and 10 privates killed. In trying to return to the command I found myself cut off by the enemy's infantry. I then moved in another direction, meeting the enemy in force on all sides. I ordered the officers left to cut their way through to the command. Myself with two officers and ten privates attempted to get out the best we could, which we accomplished, meeting the command under General McCook cutting its way out. Proceeding to the river, and crossing on the morning of the 31st, when then marched the 1st and 2nd and arriving the 3rd at Marietta.

It is out of my power at present to give the casualties of the regiment, but will furnish it as soon as possible. I would beg leave to call to the notice of the general commanding Captain Dance and Lieutenant Morrow for their daring and bravery whilst under fire and in the masterly manner of handling their commands, but it is useless to distinguish, for all did nobly. The enlisted men fought like tigers.

Respectfully submitted,

R. ROOT,

Major, Commanding Eighth Iowa Cavalry.

Brigadier General E. M. McCOOK,

Commanding First Division, Dept. of the Cumberland.

Numbers 385.

Report of Colonel John T. Croxton, Fourth Kentucky Mounted Infantry, of action (June 24) at La Fayette, Ga.
HDQRS. FOURTH KENTUCKY VET. INFTY. (MOUNTED),La Fayette, June 24, 1864.

GENERAL: A mounted force of rebels, consisting of two brigades and one detached battalion, under command of General Gideon J. Pillow, attacked Colonel Watkins at La Fayette at daybreak this morning. We were encamped at Rock Spring Church, seven miles distant, and as soon as I heard it moved down. Found the rebels had surrounded the town and driven Colonel Watkins' command to the houses, which they had for hours tried to take by assault, but had been successfully held at bay. We found a rebel line north of the town, and immediately attacked it, routing and driving them

