
through and beyond the town toward Summerville. They left their dead on the field, also a number of wounded. We captured about 78 prisoners, including lieutenant-colonel of the Ninth Alabama Cavalry, and several commissioned officers. The rebel prisoners report that Resaca was captured by their troops yesterday, and that Forrest is on the way. Colonel Watkins reports the rebels at Villanow and beyond. I will remain hereabouts until I hear from you, sending a company to Ship's Gap. Colonel Watkins has but little ammunition left.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN T. CROXTON,

Colonel Fourth Kentucky.

[Major-General STEEDMAN,

Commanding District of the Etowah.]

Numbers 386.

Report of Lieutenant Granville C. West, Fourth Kentucky Mounted Infantry, of operations July 27-31 (McCook's raid).
HDQRS. 4TH KENTUCKY VET. VOL. MOUNTED INFTY.,Chattahoochee Bridge, Ga., August 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report to the general commanding the division of the part taken by the Fourth Kentucky Veteran Volunteer Mounted Infantry in the recent raid upon the enemy's communication in the rear of Atlanta. Of course it would be impossible for me to give anything like a detailed account, as I was entirely unadvised as to the character of the orders received from time to time by Lieutenant-Colonel Kelly, commanding the regiment; therefore, I can report but little outside of what transpired under my personal observation.

The operations until we reached the Macon railroad are of but minor importance so far as this regiment is concerned, as we were most of the time in rear of some other command. When the command started on the return, the Fourth Kentucky was left as rear guard. For some reason unknown to me, the regiment was not closed up immediately upon the column. When we had advanced, I suppose, half a mile from the railroad, the enemy attacked the Eighth Iowa, in our immediate front. We were marching left in front. Immediately filed to the right and formed on left into line facing the enemy, who were in strong force in woods and on an eminence. Each company dismounted and went into action as soon as they could form their line. This order I received from Lieutenant Colonel Robert M. Kelly personally. The whole regiment (except Companies I and K, who were on picket) now became engaged with the enemy, charged, and drove them from their position, across some fields, to woods beyond. In this position the firing was very heavy for two hours. The regiment had advanced during the time too far to the enemy's left. He advanced his right, and cut us off entirely from the rest of the command. At this moment Companies I and K arrived upon the field, and by a gallant charge upon the enemy's right again opened communication with the rest of the command. By order now of Lieutenant Colonel R. M. Kelly the right companies fell back, mounted, passed round the enemy's right,

