
and joined the command, except Companies D and H, commanded, respectively, by Lieutenant Charles T. Swoope and Captain Merrill, who unfortunately fell into the enemy's hands. Lieutenant Swoope must have misunderstood the order to fall back; I do not think it ever reached Captain Merrill, as I am informed he refused to retire until positive orders should come for him to withdraw. Besides the prisoners, we lost in the action 4 killed and 12 wounded. Lieutenant C. V. Ray, Company H, is supposed to have been killed. The enemy's loss was equal to or more than our own, as they were seen carrying away several, besides 3 or 4 that were either killed or wounded, trying to rescue one that was wounded in our immediate front. The regiment now followed the column, acting as rear guard. This was of Friday, July 29; the command marched during the whole night following.

At 1.30 a.m . on the morning of July 30, Company C, under my immediate command, was ordered to remain at and destroy the bridge over what I learned was White River. The column had not passed more than thirty minutes when the advance of the enemy appeared at the bridge. A few shots were passed, when the enemy retired for a few moments, during which time the bridge was torn un and set on fire. The enemy appeared again soon in strong force, and after a spirited contest for the possession of the bridge, we were forced to withdraw. Some three miles, I suppose, from there, we joined the regiment under Lieutenant Colonel R. M. Kelly. I learned from him that he had orders from Colonel John T. Croxton, commanding First Brigade, to remain and hold that position until daylight. I informed him there was a strong force following us, and to be prepared. He had strong barricades constructed across the road, and Companies A and I, under command, respectively, of Captain Jacobs and W. B. Riggs, all under command of Captain James I. Hudnall, were dismounted to hold them. About 3 a. m. the enemy attacked us in strong force, and made several charges to take the barricade, but were each time successfully repulsed. The other companies of the regiment were immediately mounted and deployed on each side of the road near the barricade. Finding they could not drive those that held the barricade, they attempted to flank us on our right. After repeated unsuccessful attempts to turn our right, they massed upon our left. The firing now was very severe. They made two distinct efforts to drive in our left; finding themselves again unable to succeed, they deployed still farther to their right, passed entirely round our left, and formed their line parallel with the road. Captain W. B. Riggs, who had command of Companies C and I, on the right, at this moment ordered those companies to the left under the command, respectively, of myself and Lieutenant James McDermott. It was now evident from the swift and rapid movements and formations of the enemy that we were fighting a very superior force. Their right now charged and took the road some 200 yards in rear of the advance position we held upon the road, cutting off nearly the whole regiment. We had been fighting now nearly two hours and our ammunition was nearly exhausted, as we had expended half we had in the fight the previous evening. Each man had started on the raid with 100 rounds, and when we had fought until it was all expended, all further defense was impossible. But there was no cowardly nor organized surrender; each man fought until he was entirely overpowered by the enemy. Exclusive of those taken prisoners, I have no way to ascertain our loss either killed or

