
hundred and fiftieth was ordered by General Ruger to take position in the front line and on the left of the Third Brigade, where we at once constructed a strong line of breast-works. During the night the enemy retreated, our advanced columns being on his flank, leaving a fine position and strong works. May 20, encamped near Cassville, Ga., May 23, position remained unchanged until this morning at 4 o'clock, when we received marching orders. Crossed the Etowah River on a pontoon bridge and encamped about 2 p.m. in the woods, a short distance from the river, having marched about in twelve miles. May 24, broke camp this morning at 5 o'clock and marched through Stilesborough and Huntsville to within eight miles of Dallas, nearly across the Allatoona range of mountains, when we encamped. Marched about sixteen miles. May 25, resumed the march at 7 a. m., and when within two miles of Dallas General williams received orders to move to the support of General Geary on the left, he having encountered the enemy. After marching about five miles to the rear and left our brigade was formed in line of battle and moved forward about a mile, driving the rebels into their intrenchments, when they opened a terrific fire of musketry, grape, and canister, which we were compelled to receive about three hours, though we replied vigorously all the time. We relieved the men were entirely out of ammunition. During this battle (Dallas) my regiment was on the right of the Second Brigade, the Third Wisconsin join in it on the left. About 11 p. m. the brigade moved a short distance to the rear. May 26, ordered to be under arms at daylight. At 1 p. m. received orders to be in readiness to move, but did not change our position. Collected and buried our dead to-day. May 27, received orders to be in readiness to move at daylight, but did not advance. Heavy firing on our left. May 28, roused at 3 a. m., and at 7 o'clock change dour camp a short distance to the rear and left. May 29, suddenly aroused about 11 p. m. by terrific cannonading and musketry, the enemy making a bold, determined effort to break our center. Men all promptly in line but were not called into action.

June 1, position remained unchanged until to-day at 9 a. m., when we moved from the center to the left, about five miles, and the Second Brigade was formed in column by divisions. June 2, at 3.30 a. m. the Second Brigade moved into breast-works on the left to support Knap's battery, One hundred and fiftieth in works, on the left of battery. June 4, at 5 p. m. the Second Brigade moved about two miles to the left and formed line of battle. June 5, resumed the march at 9 a. m. and moved about six miles in the direction of Acworth. June 6, broke camp about 5 a. m., and, after marching about three miles on the road leading to Marietta, formed line of battle on right of road, my regiment on left of brigade; advanced a short distance and remained until 4 p. m., when we moved to the left about half a mile and built breast-works, connecting with Third Brigade. June 7, at 6 p. m. moved a short distance to the left. June 9, received orders to be ready to move promptly at 6 o'clock, but did not advance. June 10, received orders to be ready to move promptly at 8.30 a. m., but no movement took place; do not know the cause of the delay. June 11, received orders to move promptly at 8 a. m., but did not leave camp until 2 p. m.; moved about two miles to the left near Pine Knob, and threw up breast-works; position very near the enemy, and the rebels' shells did some damage. June 15, about 2 p. m. received orders to move immediately; advanced

