
wounded. That of the enemy must have been pretty heavy, as they established a hospital on the ground, and were there all day on the 30th and till nearly daylight of the 31st burying the dead and attending to the wounded, as I am informed by some of our men who lay hid upon the field until the following morning and then made their escape. Those that remained of the regiment followed on and joined the command near Newnan Station. In the fight hear this place on the p. m. of the 31st, Captain James H. West, who now had the command of the remainder of the regiment by direct orders from Colonel John T. Croxton, commanding brigade, took all the men of the regiment who had any ammunition left, and made one charge and expended the last round remaining from the fight in the morning.

I do not think it would be out of place here to speak of the utter worthlessness of the Ballard rifle, used by six companies of our regiment. A great many became entirely useless during the action; some bursted from firing; others became useless by the springs, which threw out the old cartridge, getting out of fix.

Captain James H. West started from the battle-field, with the remainder of the regiment, with Colonel Brownlow. He fell into the hands of the enemy at the river, with nearly all of the men that were with him.

I left the battle-field with about 30 men and 2 officers-Lieutenants McDermott, Company I, and Hoch, Company G-with the general commanding the division, and arrived at Marietta on the 3rd instant, being absent eight days, having started on the morning of the 27th ultimo. On the 24 officers who went out with us, 17 are missing.

The loss among the enlisted men has been reported to the provost-marshal.

The officers did all they could for the safety of the command.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GRAN. C. WEST,

First Lieutenant Company C, Commanding Regiment.

Captain LE ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

Numbers 387.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Horace P. Lamson, Fourth Indiana Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Cartersville, Ga., September 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from headquarters First Cavalry Division, Department of the Cumberland, May 2, 1864, the brigade, 1,031 strong, marched on the morning of the 3rd from Cleveland, and camped for the night at Red Clay. Late in the day, and just before going into camp, 1 of the division scouts, a member of the First Wisconsin Cavalry, was killed while in the advance with a few of his comrades. On the 4th the brigade advanced toward Catoosa Springs. A detachment of the First Wisconsin drove in the enemy's pickets four miles south of Red Clay, and the brigade

