
went into camp two miles northeast of said springs, remaining in camp until the morning of the 7th. The brigade in rear of the division advanced toward Varnell's Station. The First Brigade had been skirmishing a considerable portion of the day, and late in the evening had been forced back half a mile, when Colonel La Grange came up to its support, and, at the head of four companies of the Second Indiana, drove the enemy some distance beyond the town and occupied it for the night. On the 8th made a reconnaissance toward Dalton, driving the enemy's pickets back a mile and a half without loss. May 9, Colonel La Grange received orders to advance on the Cleveland and Dalton road to develop the position and strength of the enemy. The brigade moved toward Dalton with the Fourth Indiana in advance. When two miles from Varnell's the advance came upon the pickets and drove them steadily back for a mile upon their reserve column of three brigades of cavalry and a division of infantry, drawn up in line of battle, when he in turn became the attacking party and was driving our dismounted skirmishers back, when a battalion of the Second Indiana, led by Lieutenant-Colonel Stewart, came up on a gallop, wheeled into line on the left of the dismounted battalion of the Fourth Indiana, and checked his advance. The First Wisconsin being on the extreme right of the line, the whole soon became heavily engaged, each driving and in turn being driven, until Colonel La Grange, finding the enemy massing heavily upon him, and seeing the hopelessness of contending with such superior numbers, ordered the recall sounded. The enemy at once becoming aware of our situation rushed forward in overwhelming numbers, with an impetuosity not to be checked by our single line, capturing many of the dismounted skirmishers and driving the remainder in some confusion to the woods in the rear, where they rallied and checked the enemy. It was in the midst of this confusion that the gallant La Grange was captured, after two horses being shot under him. All fought with great bravery, but bravery alone could not successfully cope with such overpowering number. Lieutenant-Colonel Stewart, assuming command, retired with the brigade to Varnell's Station, with a loss of 5 men killed, 1 commissioned officer and 41 men wounded, and 11 commissioned officers and 82 men missing. May 11, marched by way of Tunnel Hill to Mill Creek; had a light skirmish with the enemy five miles south of Varnell's Station. On the 13th crossed the Chattahoochee Mountain and came up with the enemy, late in the evening, four miles west of Tilton. 14th, moved in the direction of Resaca, covering advance of the Fourth Army Corps; three miles from camp met the enemy's outposts and drove them back upon his main force; General Howard closely following, soon engaged the enemy, and the brigade was ordered to report to General Stanley. 15th, moved four miles south of Tilton to cover General Hooker's left flank and watch the movements of the enemy.

During the day a charge from a brigade of rebel cavalry was repulsed by one section of artillery. 16th, covered the left flank of the main army in pursuit of the enemy and camped on the Coosawattee River, near Field's Mill. 17th, moved to Big Spring, covering General Schofield's advance. 18th, marched twelve miles, and camped at forks at Adairsville and Cassville roads. 19th, after moving six miles toward Cassville the enemy's pickets were encountered and heavy skirmishing began, which continued the greater portion of the day; captured 38 prisoners and lost 5 wounded. 20th, marched to Kingston, where we remained until the 23d, then

