
marched south, crossing the Etowah River at Island Ford, and met the enemy's pickets at Stilesborough, and severe skirmishing was kept up during the day, considerable artillery being used late in the evening; lost 1 man wounded and 4 missing. 24th, came up with the enemy late in the evening near Burnt Hickory; slight skirmishing. 25th, moved to within six miles of Dallas. 26th, moved to within one mile of the Acworth and Dallas road, on which a column of the enemy was then passing, guarding a wagon train; about 4 p.m . made a charge in column on the enemy's right flank, killing several, and taking 37 prisoners, with loss of 10 wounded, among them Captain Harnden, commanding First Wisconsin Cavalry, who was shot in the shoulder while gallantry leading his regiment in the charge, and Lieutenant-Colonel Stewart missing.

From the 27th to June 3 was holding a position on the left of General Schofield, when we moved four miles southwest, across Allatoona Creek. June 4, made reconnaissance toward Acworth, a portion of the brigade driving the enemy out, and occupied the place. 6th, brigade drove the enemy out and occupied Big Shanty. 14th, moved to Acworth and camped on Hunt's farm until the 16th; moved to Lost Mountain, where the enemy was encountered, and a portion of the brigade under severe artillery fire from his batteries on the mountain. 17th, made reconnaissance to the right and south of the mountain, and late in the day was ordered to Acworth to intercept a body of rebel cavalry, reported to be moving for that place. Remaining there until the 20th, heavy patrols were sent out every day, picking up a considerable number of stragglers from the enemy. 20th, moved to the south side of Lost Mountain and remained there during the remainder of the month.

July 1, brigade was ordered to make demonstrations on the right of our lines, in the vicinity of Sweet Water bridge; engaged the enemy by way of skirmishing, and camped on the 3rd near Sweet Water bridge. 4th, marched to within seven miles of Marietta. 5th, marched to within four miles of railroad bridge. 6th, moved to Merritt's Mill, on Soap Creek; returned same evening, and camped near Rottenwood Creek, in the vicinity of Hargrove's plantation, until the 15th. On the 15th moved to the railroad bridge, with orders to hold it. 22d, was ordered to cross the Chattahoochee River at Pace's Ferry, to cover General Davis' right, near a church, one mile and a half from Chattahoochee River, on the Sandtown road. Remained there until the 24th, during which time almost continual skirmishing took place. The enemy's cavalry twice drove in our pickets and made an attack upon our camp,and repulsed him every time successfully. Our loss was 1 man killed. 24th, was ordered to change position and cover General Davis' left flank, 26th, moved back to said church. 27th, received orders to make a raid. Crossed the Chattahoochee River on pontoon bridge at Riverton, and proceeded by way of Sweet Water bridge to within three miles of Campbellton. 28th, about 10 a.m. brigade crossed the Chattahoochee River on a pontoon six miles below Campbellton. Second Brigade marched in advance and Colonel Harrison's command in rear of column. Having crossed the river, the First Wisconsin was detached and ordered to proceed via Campbellton, and, if possible, rejoin the main column at or near Fayetteville. Striking a fork of the road about three miles from the river, the Second Brigade was ordered to take the left, and arrived at Palmetto about 6 p.m ., one-half

