
hour in advance of the other two brigades, cut the telegraph wire, and commenced tearing up railroad track. About two miles of track was torn up and the ties burned. The depot, which contained about 1,000 bushels of corn, 300 sacks of flour, a quantity of bacon, &amp;c., together with three freight cars, and a large quantity of cotton was burnt. At dusk the whole column moved out on the Fayetteville road. Having proceeded about seven miles, a messenger from the First Wisconsin arrived, and stated that they had met with a large rebel force, and after a severe engagement, during which several charges were made, were finally compelled to fall back and cross the river. Major Paine was almost instantly killed while leading the advance guard in a charge, and 1 lieutenant and 9 men captured. When within four miles of Fayetteville it was ascertained that a large number of wagons, laden with officers' clothing, trunks, and other valuables, were corralled in different places along the road. As the column was moving quietly on, for it was yet pitch dark, details were made from the head of the column-Fourth and Second Indiana-to drop out, to take and send to the rear the prisoners and the best horses and mules, and kill the poorest animals with sabers, so as to avoid the noise of carbine reports. Not a shot was allowed to be fired. The wagons, together with the clothing, &c., was left for the rear guard, to be burnt. The number of wagons so destroyed was about 600, and between 1,600 and 2,000 mules were killed. At Fayetteville Second Brigade was drawn up in line at daylight. A reconnoitering party was immediately sent out, who captured 130 prisoners, mostly officers, who were quartered in houses. Having arranged the prisoners-about 300-in proper place in the column, the command then moved to the Macon and Western Railroad, tore up considerable length of track, and rested the horses about four hours. During this time it was ascertained that they enemy's cavalry was closing in on our front and rear, and it was finally determined to move in the direction of Newnan, on the Atlanta and West Point Railroad. Having proceeded about three miles, the rear being just out of camp, the enemy rushed through the column, cutting off the rear brigade (Croxton's). After four hours's fighting and charging, the column regained its former position on the road, and moved on some ten miles, when the rear was again attacked, and the enemy again repulsed. While the advance was entering Newnan, rebel infantry were filing off the cars and forming in line of battle, and a train-load had come up about half an hour previous, compelling us to move to the left of town in a northwesterly direction, in order, of possible, to strike the river, it being impossible to cut our way through the direct road leading to it, as the infantry, after our passing Newnan, had moved out and taken position commanding the road. Lieutenant-Colonel Torrey, with his (Second) brigade, was ordered to move on with the pack-animals, ambulances, and prisoners, while the other two brigades were put in position of defense. The enemy's cavalry, in overwhelming numbers, were now close upon our rear and both flanks; in the meanwhile brigade had advanced five miles toward the river, when, in a point of woods east of and joining the Corinth road, the advance guard, four companies of the Second Kentucky, was fired into, and heavy skirmishing began, which was kept up for an hour and a half, until at last the fire became so hot that the brigade, then consisting only of a small regiment (Fourth Indiana) and four companies of the Second Kentucky (the Second Indiana was guarding prisoners), had to leave the woods and shelter themselves behind a rise of ground in an open field.

