
The other two brigades had then moved up within a mile and half, and were also heavily engaged. The rebel infantry then charged our little lien, causing it to break and seek protection in the woods to the right and rear.

Standing upon an elevated point of ground, behind which some hundred of our men had rallied, one of the brigade staff officers saw that the little squad was nearly surrounded by infantry, and that death or capture would be certain. He charged with the men for a point in the direction of the Chattahoochee River, through an open corn-field and deep, miry ditch, the enemy opening cross-fire on them, and rallied in the woods beyond without losing a man or animal. In the mean time, Major Purdy, Fourth Indiana, and another brigade staff officer, with 180 men, charged for the same point and joined the former. The major, by virtue of rank, took command. The question was whether they should once more attempt to join the main part of the command or strike for some point on the river. The latter was decided upon, as the former was deemed impossible. Marching in a zigzag direction, with the assistance of a negro guide, for three or four hours through thick woods, miry swamps, and over steep hills, with the rebels upon their heels, who finally lost the track, the party then struck a road leading to the river five miles above Franklin, where they arrived about 10 p. m. The river being very deep and muddy, they had to swim the horses. It being very dark, this could only be done by the aid of boats or canoes; three of the latter were found on the opposite shore. The canoes were laden with arms and equipments and three men placed in each, who guided the horses across. Daylight next morning found them comparatively safe upon the north bank of the river, though both men and beasts were very much worn down for the want of food and sleep, and the march before them that day was seventy-five miles to Sweet Water bridge, in order to find a safe camping place, large rebel squads of cavalry being hovering upon our right flank along the river. They arrived at the aforesaid place at 11 p. m. (July 31), and marched into Marietta about noon the following day (August 1), with 283 men, including some officers. This was the first squad that reached Marietta.

August 2, was sent to railroad bridge; remained there until the 10th, when the brigade was ordered to Cartersville, where we now are encamped.

Recapitulation of losses in the Second Brigade during the campaign, since May 3, 1864.

Killed Wounded

Command	 Officers	 Men	 Officers	 Men

1st Wisconsin	 1	 8	 3	 49

Cavalry

2nd Indiana Cavalry	 ........	 1	 .........	 11

4th Indiana Cavalry	 ........	 1	 1	 13

Total 	 1	 10	 4	 73

Missing Total

Command	 Officers	 Men	 Officers	 Men

1st Wisconsin	 3	 44	 7	 101

Cavalry

2nd Indiana Cavalry	 9	 152	 9	 164

4th Indiana Cavalry	 6	 42	 7	 56

Total 	 18	 238	 23	 321

H. P. LAMSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain R. LE ROY,

A. A. G., First Cav. Div., Dept. of the Cumberland.

