
Numbers 388.

Report of Major David A. Briggs, Second Indiana Cavalry.

On the 3rd of May the Second Cavalry marched from Cleveland, Tenn., with the remainder of the brigade to Varnell's Station, Tenn. In the action at this place the Second Indiana Cavalry took a very prominent part, losing Captain J. A. Payne, Lieutenant J. Harris, and 46 enlisted men, taken prisoners, and 2 men. Adam Winestock and James M. Slater, wounded and taken prisoners. From Varnell's Station the regiment marched toward Resaca, Ga., taking part in all skirmishes in which the brigade was engaged. From this place the regiment crossed the Coosawattee River, and marched in the direction of Cassville, Ga., near which place we encountered the enemy in force. The Second Indiana Cavalry was ordered to advance in line of skirmishers. In this the regiment lost 1 man, W. H. Underwood, wounded severely in the arm. We were then ordered to retire from our position and move around to the right to take possession of a gap in the mountain. Here the enemy were in force; infantry were formed along the road leading to the gap. Here the regiment made a bold and desperate charge, breaking the rebel lines of infantry, and killing and wounding several of them, and captured 35 rebels of Company c, Eighteenth Alabama (rebel) Infantry. In this charge the regiment did not lose a man. The regiment now moved to Kingstown, from there to Burnt Hickory, where it took part in the action on the 26th day of May, and also on the 27th, 28th, and 29th of May.

The regiment took part in the skirmishes of June 2, 3, and 4. From Burnt Church we marched to Big Shanty, where we arrived on the 6th day of June. The regiment marched from Big Shanty to the vicinity of Acworth, Ga., where it remained until the 21st June. We then moved to Lost Mountain, Ga., where the regiment was again engaged, sustaining no losses. We remained in camp at Lost Mountain until the last of June.

The regiment moved from Lost Mountain to Powder Springs, Ga., where it joined Stoneman's command, acting as a reserve for General Stoneman's forces while he drove the enemy across the Chattahoochee. From here we moved to Marietta, thence to camp on Soap Creek. From here the regiment took part in a scout to Jasper and Dallas, then returned to former camp and moved down to the Chattahoochee River; from here went to Good Hope Church, where we remained until the 27th instant. We started on the raid into the enemy's country on the 27th July. The regiment took a very prominent part in this. They were in the advance from the river to Newnan. Here they took part in the fight, and covered the retreat from Newnan back to the Chattahoochee. In this raid the regiment lost heavily, viz, 7 commissioned officers and 117 men.

On the 4th of August the regiment arrived at Marietta, Ga. From here they went to the Chattahoochee, thence back again through Marietta, Acworth, and to Cartersville, where we have remained up to the present date.

DAVID A. BRIGGS,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

50 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT II

