
Casualties of the Second Brigade, First Cavalry Division, during the raid of July 28, 1864, to August 1, 1864.

Command	 Killed 	 Wounded	 Missing

1st Wisconsin Cavalry	 5	 8	 40

Volunteers

2nd Indiana Cavalry Volunteers	 .........	 ........	 ........

4th Indiana Cavalry Volunteers	 .........	 ........	 25

Total	 5	 8	 65

a Failed to report.

G. H. PURDY,

Major, Commanding Detachment .

Numbers 390.

Report of Captain Albert J. Morley, Fourth Indiana Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH INDIANA CAVALRY,Cartersville, Ga., September 6, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of events-in which the Fourth Indiana Cavalry bore a part-from the 3rd day of May last to the present time:

On the 3rd of May left camp at Cleveland, Tenn., with an aggregate present of 217, encamping at night about two miles east of Red Clay, Ga. On the following day came upon the enemy's outposts, when a light skirmish ensued. Result to the enemy, 1 killed; to us, 1 wounded. Encamped near Catoosa Springs, remaining there during the 5th and 6th. On the 7th marched to Ellidge's Mill, remaining there in line of battle until the Fourth and Twenty-third Corps had formed a junction, when we moved to the west and encamped at Varnell's Station. The following day, in company with the other regiments of the brigade, drove the enemy from their position on the hills to the west of the road without loss to us. On the 9th marched south on the Dalton road, west of and parallel to the railroad; drove in the enemy's pickets and skirmishers until we reached their main body, when a sharp fight of two hours' duration took place, resulting in the defeat of the brigade, with a heavy loss of officers and men. In this regiment 4 commissioned officers and 17 enlisted men were captured, and several wounded, who were fortunately brought off the field. On the 10th moved south and encamped on the left of the army, then before Buzzard Roost. On the morning of the 11th had a light skirmish with the enemy; later in the day marched in the rear of the army to the extreme right, camping in front of Rocky Face, in Day's Gap. On the afternoon of the 13th crossed Rocky Face Mountain to the south of Dalton, and at dark received orders to report to Colonel Dorr, commanding First Brigade, who was at the time in action; formed on his left, moved forward, and found the enemy's infantry in force; darkness saved us from annihilation. On the morning of the 14th, in company with the Second Indiana, moved out on the Resaca road in advance of General Howard's corps, with instructions to find the enemy. After driving rebel

