
pickets and skirmishers three or four miles found them no force; fell back a short distance, but, by order of General Howard, moved upon the enemy the second time, but owing to their superior numbers could not dislodge them from their positions. This was the beginning of the battle of Resaca. On the 15th the brigade was posted on the extreme left. During the day a body of rebel cavalry made a dash upon us, but being too warmly welcomed speedily retreated. The following day passed over the battle-field for the purpose of arresting stragglers; camped six miles southeast of Resaca. On the 17th joined the brigade, camping at Big Spring. On the morning of the 18th reported to General Schofield; marched during this and the following day on the left of his command, skirmishing occasionally with the enemy's cavalry; camped near Cassville. On the 20th marched to and through Kingston, camping on the railroad some three miles below, remaining there until the morning of the 23d, when we crossed the Etowah River at Island Ford; marched through Euharlee to Stilesborough, where we encountered a force of the enemy's cavalry. A desultory engagement followed, ending at night, without material advantage to either party. The following day passing through Stilesborough, took the road to Burnt Hickory, skirmishing on the way. The 25th and 26th marched to Burnt Church, with but little opposition. About one-half of the regiment, in company with portions of the First Wisconsin and Second Indiana, charged the enemy, capturing 21 of them and losing 4 wounded, none mortally. At this place barricades were built, behind which the regiment was encamped until the 3rd of June, skirmishing almost constantly going on.

On the 3rd of June took position three miles farther to the left, and the day following a mile farther still. On the 6th marched to Big Shanty, drove out a force of rebels, captured a small amount of forage, of which we were greatly in need, our horses having been on very short allowance for many days; returning to our former camp, we remained there until the 14th, when we marched to Acworth, Ga., remaining until the 16th, on which day moved to the front of Lost Mountain. On the morning of the following day brigade took possession of Lost Mountain. Regiment marched to Acworth, returning to Lost Mountain on the 20th, and encamped. Remained in camp at Lost Mountain until the morning of 1st July, when we marched to Powder Springs and the bridges across Sweet Water below.

On 3rd of July brigade had an engagement with the enemy near the mouth of Sweet Water, in which the regiment participated. On the 4th returned to a point midway between Lost and Kenesaw Mountains and encamped. On the 5th passed through Marietta, and on the 6th encamped at Rottenwood Creek, some six miles above Vining's Station. Remained at that place until the 15th, moving to the west of the railroad. On the 18th encamped at Vining's Station, where the regiment remained until the 22d, skirmishing across the river at the railroad bridge. On the 22nd crossed Chattahoochee and took position on the right of the army; engaged in brisk skirmishing with the enemy, who used their artillery, but without damage to us; next day advanced to Ezra Church, at which place we had two engagements with the enemy, one on the 24th, the other the 26th. On the morning of the 27th, in company with other forces under the command of Brigadier General E. M. McCook, moved to the west side of the Chattahoochee River; marched down the stream, and on the

