
about a mile by the flank, then moved to the left, perhaps half a mile, then forward a short distance by the flank, formed line of battle, and advanced perhaps a hundred rods, then moved again to the left and in rear of General Geary. Very heavy musketry firing, and the enemy threw a few shells. About 8 p. m. our brigade was placed in position, and we built breast-works, One hundred and fiftieth on left of brigade. June 16, firing continued; about 10 a. m. my regiment was relieved by a regiment from general Knipe's brigade, and by direction of General ruger the One hundred and fiftieth moved to the right, and about 150 yards in the rear of the One hundred and seventh New York and third Wisconsin Volunteers, forming a support. The rebels shelled us furiously during the afternoon. June 17, the enemy fell back during the night, and we resumed the march about 8 a. m.; passed over the rebel breast-works, and moved by the flank perhaps a mile, then advanced in line of battle; changed position several times during the day, and drove the enemy's skirmishers fully a mile, One hundred and fiftieth second from the right and in front line; sharp skirmishing all the afternoon; at night built strong breast-works. June 19,moved out of breast-works about 7 a. m., the rebels having fallen back; advanced perhaps two miles, then moved a short distance tot he right and formed line of battle, One hundred and fiftieth on the left of front line; Third Wisconsin next on right. Moved forward a short distance to the support of Captain Woodbury's battery; at night built breast-works. June 20, the Second Brigade was relieved by the Fourth Corps at 5 a. m., moved about two miles, formed divisions, and remained until 4 p. m., when we moved about three miles to the right, formed line of battle, and encamped on Atkinson's plantation. June 21, advanced about 200 yards, when we put up a strong line of breast-works-One hundred and fiftieth on the left of the brigade, One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers next on our right, and Third Brigade on our left. June 22, the Second Brigade moved to the right and front about 8 a. m. little more than a mile, then formed line of battle, One hundred and fiftieth on the left, and advanced a short distance, connecting on the left with General Knipe's brigade, Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers next on our right. Captain Woodbury's battery was about 200 yards in advance shelling the woods beyond. The skirmish line being attacked the Second Brigade was ordered forward to support the battery; threw up a few rails for protection. Soon the skirmishers were driven in, and the enemy was distinctly seen approaching in four lines of battle. General Knipe's brigade had in the mean time moved into line. The rebels made a desperate effort to turn our left and capture the battery, but our musketry, grape, and canister soon threw them in confusion, and they were compelled to retire to the woods in disorder. They soon rallied and renewed the charge, but were quickly repulsed. My men expended on an average 140 rounds of ammunition per man, and were under a steady fire for three hours, the enemy falling back to the woods when the sharpshooters began their deadly work. First Lieutenant Henry Gridley, a valuable officer, was killed in the engagement. In this battle (Kolb's farm) the enemy suffered terribly, but our casualties were few. June 26, at 3 a. m. moved from the right of First Division to the extreme left. June 27, moved at 3.30 a. m. a short distance to the left, and the Second Brigade was extended so as to occupy the ground vacated by General Geary. During the

