
afternoon of the following day recrossed to the east side at a point opposite Palmetto Station, on Atlanta and West Point Railroad; marched to Palmetto, driving out a few rebels; destroyed a portion of the track, burned depot, a few cars, and some commissary stores. Marching eastwardly as night set in, we came upon and assisted to destroy a large number of wagons, and to capture those in charge. At Fayetteville, and east of there also, we destroyed wagons and contents, besides taking many prisoners. At noon on the 29th the command had also destroyed a portion of the Atlanta and Macon Railroad. On the afternoon of this day were attacked by the enemy, who were repulsed, but we were compelled to leave some wounded upon the ground. Early the following morning we were intercepted at Newnan, Ga., by a force of Infantry and cavalry too great to be successfully attacked. By making a detour to the south the railroad was crossed some miles below, but before reaching the river were again attacked by superior force. After a short but desperate engagement, and being nearly surrounded, the command became separated, each portion making its way toward the river. Major Purdy, with a portion of this regiment, and others, reached Marietta on the 1st of August; Colonel Lamson, with another detachment, arrived two days after. Regiment went into camp at Vining's Station, stragglers from the raid coming in daily. Loss during this raid was-Killed, 1 enlisted man; missing, 2 commissioned officers, 19 enlisted men.

On the 10th of August marched from camp at Vining's Station, arriving at Cartersville on the 12th, at which place the regiment has since remained.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. MORLEY,

Captain, Commanding.

Lieutenant P. J. WILLIAMSON,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div. Cav., Dept. of the Cumberland.

Numbers 391.

Reports of Captain Lewis M. B. Smith, First Wisconsin Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST WISCONSIN CAVALRY,Cartersville, Ga., September 6, 1864.

Regiment left Cleveland May 3, as a part of the Second Brigade, First Cavalry Division, Department of the Cumberland, skirmishing daily with the enemy till 7th, when the brigade reached Varnell's Station.

Colonel La Grange, on the 9th, was ordered to proceed on the Cleveland and Dalton road, with the Second Brigade, to develop the position of the enemy. Three miles from Varnell's Station nearly the entire command of General Wheeler, supported by one division of infantry, were found in strong position. After a severe engagement our force retired to Varnell's Station. Loss of the regiment: Colonel O. H. La Grange, commanding Second Brigade, and Captain G. O. Clinton, company B, missing; Lieutenant William Sandon, wounded and missing; Lieutenants Warren, Company C, and Crocker, Company D, wounded; Major N. Paine badly injured by fall from horse. The enemy suffered a greater loss in killed and wounded, as learned by

