
citizens subsequently. From this time to the 31st the regiment, as part of the First Cavalry Division, Department of the Cumberland, was on the left, covering that flank of the army, and daily skirmishing with the enemy. On the 26th, five companies of the regiment and a portion of the Fourth Indiana Cavalry charged a brigade of the Confederate cavalry near Burnt Church, seven miles from Dallas, routing them, killing and wounding a large number, including Colonel Avery, Fourth Georgia Cavalry, mortally wounded. There Captain Harnden was severely wounded while gallantly leading the charge. Two were killed and 7 wounded.

Total loss of the regiment in the month of May: Commissioned [officers]-wounded, 3; missing, 3. Enlisted men-killed, 6; wounded, 42; missing, 14. Total, 68.

June 1, Burnt Church, at the left of the army, made a demonstration on the enemy's right. June 2, sharp skirmishing with the enemy. June 4, detachment of the regiment drove out a small force of rebels and occupied Acworth. June 6, regiment, with Second Cavalry Brigade, drove the enemy out and occupied Big Shanty. June 9, made reconnaissance in front of the enemy 's line. June 14, camped at Acworth. June 16, advanced to Lost Mountain; regiment under severe artillery fire from rebel batteries on the mountain; remained in the vicinity of Lost Mountain the remainder of the month.

Total loss of the regiment in the month of June: Commissioned [officers]-missing, 1. Enlisted men-wounded, 3; missing, 2. Total, 6.

July 1, marched from Lost Mountain to Howell's Ferry, on the Sweet Water. July 3, sharp skirmishing with the enemy near the Chattahoochee River. July 4, returned to near Lost Mountain. July 5, passed through Marietta. July 7, passed to the left flank of the army, near Powell's Ferry. July 20, at railroad bridge. July 22, crossed the Chattahoochee River, skirmishing with enemy three miles south of Peach Tree Creek, on the right flank of our army. July 26, skirmishing. July 27, crossed the Chattahoochee as part of General McCook's force for operations in rear of Atlanta. July 28, recrossed the river six miles below Campbellton; regiment, detached, proceeded to Campbellton; two and a half miles east of the place, on the Fairburn road, attacked the advance of General Armstrong's division, 2,000 strong, and after a severe fight withdrew, losing Major Paine, commanding regiment, killed; Lieutenant Warren and 9 men killed, wounded, and missing; returned to Marietta. July 31, escorting pontoon train and battery. Lieutenant-Colonel Torrey, commanding Second Cavalry Brigade, was severely wounded and taken prisoner at Newnan, Ga.; H. T. Persons, acting as surgeon of Second Brigade, taken prisoner.

Loss of regiment in July: Commissioned [officers]-killed, 1; missing, 3. Enlisted men-killed, 2; wounded, 5; missing, 28. Total, 39.

Regiment marched from Marietta to the Sweet Water Creek August 1, remained in that vicinity until the 7th, covering retreat of stragglers of McCook's command. August 7, to the railroad bridge across the Chattahoochee River. Remained there till the 10th, and then marched for Cartersville, arriving on the 12th.

Recapitulation of losses: Commissioned [officers]-killed, 1; wounded, 3; missing, 3; total, 7. Enlisted men-killed, 8; wounded, 49, missing, 44; total, 101.

L. M. B. SMITH,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

