HEADQUARTERS FIRST WISCONSIN CAVALRY,Marietta, Ga., July 31, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report, that on the afternoon of the 28th my regiment, commanded by Major Paine, crossed the Chattahoochee River at Smith's Ferry as a part of Brigadier-General McCook's command. After crossing were detached from the column and proceeded to Campbellton, skirmishing with the enemy the entire distance. From Campbellton marched on Fairburn road, and when three miles out again struck the enemy's pickets, drove them in, an in attempting to cut our way through strong lines of the enemy in the road Major Paine was killed. Finding the force opposed comprised at least a brigade, and Major Paine not having informed me of his orders, I withdrew the regiment on the road to Smith's Ferry, reaching that place at 10 p. m. The rear of the main force having been gone seven hours, and my horses, by reason of the severe march already made, entirely unable to overtake the column, I recrossed the river and reported to Lieutenant-Colonel Hamilton, and was ordered by him to remain and form part of escort of pontoon train and battery, marching directly to this place as the surest point to obtain forage and rations, which were exhausted, and reached this place at 11 p. m. yesterday, and shall await orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. M. B. SMITH,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Brigadier General W. L. ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry, Department of the Cumberland.

Numbers 392.

Reports of Colonel Louis D. Watkins, Sixth Kentucky Cavalry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,Calhoun, Ga., September 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from division headquarters I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command from 3rd May to 1st September, 1864, together with the reports of the operations of the several regiments composing the brigade for the same period:

After drawing from the corrals at Chattahoochee a number of convalescent horses sufficient to mount a portion of each regiment, I received orders on 3rd May from the chief of cavalry, Department of the Cumberland, to move from the north of Tennessee River, opposite Chattahoochee, where my command then was, to Wauhatchie Station, seven miles west of Chattahoochee, on Nashville and Chattahoochee Railroad, which point the last of the command reached on 5th of May. Immediately upon arrival at his point measures were taken to recruit the horses which had been drawn at Chattanooga, the number of which at this time 762, the great majority of them being nothing but skin and bone, and the very best of them unfit for any kind of use. Stables were built, and every effort was made to bring the animals to a serviceable condition, but as a full supply of forage could not be obtained, and there was little grazing in that

