
tain Cook, Sixth Kentucky, and 6 men wounded, and 2 officers, Captain Stacey and Lieutenant Evans, Seventh Kentucky, and 51 men captured. The loss of the enemy was fully 300. Among their killed were Majors Redwood and Lewis, and several captains and lieutenants, and we captured 17 commissioned officers, a lieutenant-colonel being the highest in rank.

During the remainder of the month the enemy made no further demonstrations upon La Fayette, and that part of the command left at Wauhatchie remained there until 3rd July, when the whole of it was ordered to La Fayette, which point the greater portion of it reached on the 5th instant. Detachment of dismounted men were sent to Gordon's Mills and Nickajack Gap, and remained there during the stay of the brigade at La Fayette.

On 5th July I was ordered to appear at Nashville, Tenn., as a witness before a general court martial then in session, and left the brigade in command of Colonel John K. Faulkner, Seventh Kentucky Cavalry.

On 4th August the greater portion of the command moved to Calhoun, Ga., on the line of the Western and Atlantic Railroad, all the dismounted men of Seventh Kentucky being left at Graysville; one mounted company of same regiment at Dalton, and two mounted companies of Sixth Kentucky at Resaca, all guarding the line of road. As soon as the command arrived at Calhoun, Colonel Faulkner began to scout the country on each side of the railroad for the distance of thirty-five to forty-five miles, and this was kept up steadily throughout the month. On 10th of August I returned and resumed command of the brigade. On 13th instant, in accordance with orders from division headquarters, a detachment of 200 men, with arms and equipments, was sent to Nashville for horses, and up to this time they have not returned and are reported to be with General Rousseau in pursuit of Wheeler. On 14th instant a drove of cattle, about 1,800 in number, escorted by 500 infantry, was attacked by 800 rebels, under Colonel Hatton, four miles south of this place. The cattle were scattered and the guard driven back in confusion. As soon as the news reached these headquarters Colonel Faulkner went to the relief of the infantry with all the mounted force, about 150, which could be raised; upon arriving at the scene of attack, the rebels had been gone several hours, the infantry neglecting to send back promptly for assistance, and after a rapid march of several hours Colonel Faulkner overhauled and routed the rear guard of the enemy, killed 2 and captured 4 of them-among the captured 1 captain and 1 lieutenant-and drove them until they opened upon him with their artillery, when he thought it prudent to go no farther, and returned to camp.

At the fight at Dalton, on the 14th instant, the mounted company of the Seventh Kentucky at that place bore a very gallant and conspicuous part. In the engagement they lost 2 killed and 2 wounded. The two companies at Resaca skirmished with Wheeler's rear guard several times, but met with no loss. The detachment of Seventh Kentucky at Graysville was attacked on the 21st by some of Wheeler's men, but after the first four volleys they fled, leaving on the field the battle-flag of the Fourth Mounted Infantry, which was captured, during General McCook's raid, by the rebels.

At the rendering of this report this command numbers 1,226 aggregate present; 295 serviceable and 478 unserviceable horses. The greater portion of the serviceable horses are those that have been

