
sight, the rebels being considerably demoralized, immediately evacuated that portion of the town of which they had gained possession, and began a rapid retreat. As soon as they commenced falling back I mounted all the men of my command who had horses left, and with them and with one company of Colonel Croxton's regiment pursued them for about five miles, when, as my horses were in bad condition and very much jaded, I abandoned the pursuit and returned to the town. The rebels retreated toward Blue Mountain, and at last accounts, were still traveling and considerably demoralized.

The enemy's loss, as near as I can ascertain, was 300 killed, wounded, and prisoners. Among the killed was Colonel Armistead,* commanding a brigade, and Majors Lewis and Redwood. My total loss will not exceed 60. Captain Stacey and First Lieutenant Evans, Seventh Kentucky Cavalry, are among the missing from my command.

All the officers and men of my command behaved with great gallantry, and no idea of surrender was ever entertained by any one of them. To Colonel Croxton and his gallant regiment I feel deeply indebted, for by his timely arrival, he relieved us from a very critical situation. Since the engagement Colonel Croxton's regiment has moved to Resaca, and I have had the Third Kentucky Cavalry Volunteers, 250 strong, and a detachment of 100 men to report to me. I think that with the force I now have, if I could get a section of artillery, I could hold this place against any force of cavalry the enemy can bring to bear. My scouts have discovered nothing of the enemy since they began their retreat on the 24th, but there are reports that Forrest with a large force of cavalry is moving in this direction.

I learn from the prisoners in my possession that the force which attacked us was about 2,500 strong, and it was the object of General Pillow to capture this force at this place first, and then to destroy the bridge at Whiteside's.

Everything is quiet in this neighborhood to-day.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LOUIS D. WATKINS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain S. B. MOE,

A. A. G., Hdqrs. Dist. of the Etowah, Chattanooga, Tenn.

Numbers 393.

Report of Colonel Wickliffe Cooper, Fourth Kentucky Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH KENTUCKY CAVALRY VOLS.,Calhoun, Ga., September 11, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my regiment since the 3rd day of May last to the 1st of the present month:

On the 3rd day of May the Fourth Kentucky Cavalry Volunteers was stationed on the north side of the Tennessee River, about one

---------------

* Mistake; not killed.

---------------

