
in above localities until 4th of August, when the regiment received orders to march to Calhoun, Ga. On the march Companies B and C, both mounted, were left at Resaca, at which place they have remained since that time.

From August 6 till September 1 the regiment was engaged in scouting the country surrounding Calhoun, Resaca, and Adairsville; some unimportant skirmishes were had by detachments of the regiment with parties of Wheeler's command, as it passed northward some eighteen miles eastward of Calhoun. In these encounters the regiment sustained no loss. I found it utterly impossible to recruit horses from the time the regiment left Wauhatchie Station. Indeed, had it not been for horses taken from citizens to replace those broken down while scouting, the regiment would by entirely dismounted. As it is I have in the regiment 298 horses, and of that number only 82 are serviceable.

The entire loss of the regiment during the campaign foots up as follows: Killed, 5 men; wounded, 1 officer(Captain Cook) and 17 men; captured, 19 men.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. FIDLER,

Major, Commanding Sixth Kentucky Cavalry.

Lieutenant H. B. KELLY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, First Cav. Div.

Numbers 395.

Report of Major Robert Collier, Seventh Kentucky Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH KENTUCKY CAVALRY,Calhoun, Ga., September 10, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In accordance with instructions from headquarters Third Brigade, First Cavalry Division, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this command from May 3, 1864, the date at which the regiment reported dismounted to Third Brigade, near Chattanooga, Tenn., to September 1, 1864:

May 4, after drawing from a lot of condemned stock at Chattanooga 150 horses, many of them scarcely able to carry their equipments, marched to Wauhatchie Station, in Lookout Valley. Here the regiment did little service further than picketing and light scouting, and endeavoring to recuperate the stock, a work in which little progress was made, owing to the fact that grazing was not very good in the valley, and the quartermaster's department was unable to furnish hay, which was very essential to the welfare of the animals.

June 18, 100 men, commanded by Colonel Faulkner, with details from the Fourth and Sixth Kentucky Cavalry, the whole under the command of col. Louis D. Watkins, commanding Third Brigade, marched to La Fayette, Ga., arriving there on 19th. On the morning of the 24th of June this detachment was attacked by a large force of the enemy's cavalry, under Brigadier-General Pillow. The Federal troops, being quartered in houses, gave them the prestige of battle, and after a stern resistance by the small force garrisoning the place, the enemy was repulsed with serious loss, leaving in our

