
afternoon the brigade was closed up toward the right with One hundred and fiftieth on the left. June 30, moved at 10 p. m. about half a mile to the right in rear of the Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers.

July 3, received orders to move at 3.30 a.m., the enemy having again retreated. At 5 a. m. we resumed the march, passing over strong lines of rebel works and to the right of Marietta, and when about four miles south of Marietta, on the road leading to Atlanta, we again encountered the enemy. The troops were placed in position, but no advance was made. July 4, about 4 p. m. First Division moved about a mile to the right and formed line of battle. July 5, the rebels again retreating, at 8 a.m. we resumed the march in the direction of Atlanta, and encamped about three miles from the Chattahoochee River, having marched about five miles. July 6, at 12 m. received orders to move; marched about five miles, and to the left, when the Second Brigade was placed in position on the left of the corps, connecting on the left with the Fourteenth Corps, One hundred and fiftieth in second line. July 17, position remained unchanged until to-day; at 12 m. received orders to be ready to move at 3 p. m. Promptly at the hour we resumed the march; crossed the railroad near Vining's Station and the Chattahoochee River on pontoon bridges a short distance above, and moved, perhaps, three miles to the left; formed line of battle, with One hundred and fiftieth on the right, and encamped about 8 p. m. July 18, about 3 p. m. resumed the march on the Atlanta and Turner's Ferry turnpike; moved about four miles, and encamped at 8 p. m. July 19, at 6 p. m. we moved in a circuitous route about five miles, but not more than two from the place we started, in the direction of Atlanta; placed in position in column by divisions about 10 p. m., near the Peach Tree Creek, and about five miles from Atlanta. July 20, moved about 6 a. m. across the Peach Tree Creek and advanced perhaps half a mile, where we remained until about 4 p. m. undisturbed. At this hour firing was distinctly heard on the left, and before our troops had gained position the rebels boldly assaulted our lines. Three companies of the One hundred and fiftieth, under Major A. B. Smith, were in the front line, on the left of the First Brigade; the remaining seven companies were in the second line. Firing continued long after dark. During the battle (Peach Tree Creek) First Lieutenant William S. Van Kuren was severely wounded, a ball passing through both things. At night we built strong breast-works. July 22, resumed the march at 6 a. m., the enemy having again allen back, and marched about three miles, to within two miles of Atlanta, when we again encountered the enemy. At 12 m. moved about half a mile to the left of the road and formed line of battle, One hundred and fiftieth in second line. at 7 p. m. moved to the right of the road in second line, with right resting on the railroad, the Second Brigade having relieved a brigade of the Fourteenth Corps. July 23, about 5 p. m. the right of the Second Brigade was relieved by Colonel Wood's brigade, of the Third Division, and the One hundred and fiftieth was assigned a position on the left. At night the left of the Second Brigade was advanced about 100 yards, and we constructed formidable breast-works, with a strong abatis in front. Our position was very near the rebel forts and rifle-pits, and their artillery and sharpshooters greatly annoyed us.

August 4, our position remained unchanged until to-day, though we were constantly strengthening our works, and all the time within easy and direct range of the enemy's artillery and musketry;

