
hands many killed, wounded, and prisoners, this regiment suffering a loss of 1 killed and 2 wounded, and 2 officers and 42 men captured.

July 5, the remainder of the regiment marched from Wauhatchie to La Fayette, arriving there on the 7th instant. At this place the regiment was kept busy, from the time of arrival to date of departure, building fortifications, &amp;c. On 28th July the regiment, with the exception of Companies B, D, F, H, and L, marched to Lee and Gordon's Mills, Ga., where the command halted until August 1, when it proceeded to Graysville, Ga., and relieved the First East Tennessee Cavalry, and took possession of the block-houses in the vicinity of that place, on the U. S. military railroad.

On the 6th day of August Companies D, F, H, and L marched to Calhoun, and Company B to Dalton, they arriving at the latter station on the 7th instant. On 14th instant Dalton was attacked by the rebels, under General Wheeler. In the engagement Company B took a very conspicuous part, some of the [men] performing acts of heroism scarcely equaled in the annals of warfare. This company lost 2 killed, 2 wounded, and several prisoners, the latter being released by the enemy. August 13, Lieutenant Vimont, Company C, and eighty men were sent to Nashville for horses. 14th August, a detail from this regiment, accompanied by details from Fourth and Sixth Kentucky, engaged the enemy near Fairmount. After a spirited skirmish the enemy ingloriously fled, leaving 2 killed and 2 wounded, and losing 4 prisoners. Our loss none. August 21, the enemy made a bold appearance in front of the block-house at Graysville, but after receiving three or four volleys from the men garrisoning bridge Numbers 5, they fled, leaving behind the captured battle flag of the Fourth Kentucky Mounted Infantry (Federal).

In this report many scouts are omitted for want of data, reports of officers in charge, &c.

At present the regiment numbers in the aggregate 598. Three companies and a half are at Calhoun, one at Dalton, one at headquarters First Cavalry Division, and the balance of the regiment (dismounted) at Graysville, Ga.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT COLLIER,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant H. B. KELLY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, First Cav. Div.

Numbers 396.

Report of Lieutenant William B. Rippetoe, Eighteenth Indiana Battery.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH INDIANA BATTERY,Sandtown, Ga., September 10, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this command in the campaign which has just ended:

The command left camp at Cleveland, Tenn., May 3, 1864, and operated in connection with the First Cavalry, Division, Department of the Cumberland, until August 10, when the division went to the rear to remount. May 10, one section engaged the enemy on the left of the Twenty-third Corps, near Potato Hill, Ga., but after a short time withdrew, eliciting no reply from the enemy. May 11,

