
The rebels made a demonstration at Big Springs, and two guns were brought into action, when the enemy left. On the same day the command moved to the right of the army and took position opposite Dug Gap. Leaving that Position May 13, the command crossed Rocky Face Mountain Through Dug Gap, and arrived at Tilton on the morning of the 14th day of May. May 15, two guns shelled the rebel cavalry and dispersed them, the enemy leaving their killed and wounded on the field near Resaca. May 16, forded the Connesauga River, near Tilton, and on the 17th crossed the Coosawattee River at Sallacoa Ferry. May 19, about 10 a. m. the battery shelled the enemy near Cassville; heavy skirmishing ensued and lasted until 4 p. m., when a general engagement of the whole division took place. The entire battery was put in position near a small stream a shot distance north of the village, and incessantly shelled the enemy until dark, when they were dislodged from their position. They made a spirited reply, but no casualties occurred. The advance of the Twentieth Corps relieved us then, and the battery moved back and camped for the night. May 20, moved to Kingston, and remained there until the 23rd when we forded the Etowah on the Euharlee road. At 3 p. m. engaged the enemy with two guns near Stilesborough, Ga. They used two rifled and four smooth-bore guns. We held our position without loss until dark, when we withdrew and camped. May 25, near Burnt Church the battery had a lively engagement with the enemy with two guns near Stilesborough, Ga. They used two rifled and four smooth-bore guns. We held our position without loss until dark, when we withdrew and camped. May 25, near Burnt Church the battery had a lively engagement with the enemy, in which all the guns were brought into action. May 30, one section occupied Brownlow's Hill, from which the enemy's lines were shelled.

June 14, we encamped near Acworth, Ga., and on the 16th Shelled lost Mountain with four pieces; dislodged the enemy from his position. June 17, moved to the rear of Lost Mountain. The enemy having left, we went into camp.

July 1, the command moved to Sweet Water Creek, below Ferguson's Bridge. On the evening of the 3rd of July two guns moved out on the Mason's Ferry road, where they shelled the rebels, who were posted behind rail barricades, inflicting considerable damage. July 4, returned to the vicinity of Marietta, and on July 6 went into camp at Hargrove's house. July 13, moved to Vining's Bridge. July 16, we occupied the fort north of the railroad, and proceeded as fast as possible to put the works into a condition for defense. July 17, the rebels opened on us with nine guns from the forts south of the river. Owing to the yet rudely constructed condition of the fort, the enemy's shells nearly destroyed the works, and caused the battery to cease firing for a short time. Toward evening the rebels were discovered leaving, when the guns were run back on elevations in the rear part of the fort and poured a rapid fire into the retreating columns over the top of the parapets. The loss in the battery in the action on the 17th was 2 men dangerously and 1 slightly wounded. July 22, the battery was put in position at Mason's Academy. Toward evening the enemy's cavalry dashed into the camp of the Second Brigade, First Cavalry Division, creating considerable confusion, but a few shots from the battery drove the enemy back and restored order in the command. July 24, recrossed Proctor's Creek and took position on the right of General Davis' division, near White Hall road. July 26, again took position at Mason's Academy. The enemy made an attack about 4 p. m., advancing within a few steps of the battery, when the were driven back with canister. July 27, crossed the Chattahoochee River at Mason's Ferry and pro-

51 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT II

