
ceeded to Smith's Ferry, where the battery was put in position covering the laying of a pontoon bridge. One section, commanded by Lieutenant Miller, went with General McCook on a raid to cut the Macon railroad. July 29, four guns returned to Marietta, arriving there the night of the 30th.

August 2, moved to Vining's Bridge and placed two guns in each for near the railroad bridge. August 5, Lieutenant Miller returned and reported the loss of his section. The carriages were cut down and harness destroyed by order of General McCook, after the ammunition was all expended. Two men were lost on account of being dismounted and not able to keep up with the cavlary on foot, most probably were captured. August 19, crossed to the south side of the Chattahoochee River to await orders to go to Sandtown, which were received August 25, and the command moved accordingly. Went into position at Sandtown Ferry, where the command remained until September 9, when it was moved to camp on Campbellton and Atlanta road, ten miles from the latter place.

The loss in action during the campaign was 3 men wounded, 2 men captured on General McCook's raid, 2 men captured while foraging, making a total of 7 men. Sent to rear from sickness 9 men; 2 guns, with harness and equipments, were lost.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

WILLIAM B. RIPPETOE,

First Lieutenant Eighteenth Indiana Battery, Commanding.

Brigadier-General BRANNAN,

Chief of Artillery, Department of the Cumberland.

Numbers 397.

Report of Lieutenant Martin J. Miller, Eighteenth Indiana Battery, of action (July 30) near Newnan, Ga.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH INDIANA BATTERY,August 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to furnish you a report of the part taken by one section of the Eighteenth Indiana Battery in the engagement near Newnan, Ga., July 30, 1864:

About noon on the same day the section was put in position on a slight eminence near Moore's Mill. In our immediate front was an open field bounded by a thick woods, the edge of which our skirmishers occupied. The distance from the battery to the woods was about 150 yards,w hen suddenly a terrible fire of musketry from the enemy drove back and completely routed the skirmishers, some of whom threw away their guns as they passed by the battery. The section opened with canister, and after rapid firing for nearly half an hour, succeeded in checking the enemy when within eighty yards of our position. The advance of the enemy was supported by three solid lines of infantry, one of which had reached the open field and poured its heavy volleys of musketry amongst the cannoneers. No support or assistance of any kind was brought up, except that Lieutenant Hill, of the Second Indiana Cavalry, with twenty or twenty-five men, charged through the open field to the right of the battery and halted when in line with the guns. The enemy quickly observed the confused condition of our officers and men, and made a

