
service during the campaign, but in addition much has been done by small detachments, and much labor performed in picketing, patrolling, and for the purpose of gaining information; and it is no small degree of satisfaction that I am able to assert that all the information I have given has proved to be correct.

From the commencement to the end of the campaign this division has been in the front, and has during the whole time had intrusted to it duties of the highest trust and responsibility. It gives me much pleasure to report that every order it has received has been fully and well executed, and that no accident whatever has occurred, nor has any capture been made on the flank or in the rear where the division has been assigned to duty.

The division, though reduced in numbers by the length and severity of the campaign, is still, as an organization, in an effective condition. This, in connection with the good service it has rendered, speaks in highest terms of the soldierly qualities of both my officers and men. All throughout the campaign have manifested an earnest and zealous spirit in the performance of duty, and have always with the greatest cheerfulness undertaken any task assigned them. In general terms I cannot say too much in their praise, but I wish especially to mention and recommend for promotion for their efficiency and their cordial support of the division commander upon all occasions the following-named officers: Colonel Abram O. Miller, Seventy-second Indiana Volunteers, commanding Third Brigade; Colonel Eli Long, Fourth Ohio Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade; Lieutenant col. Jonathan Biggs, One hundred and twenty-third Illinois Volunteers; First Lieutenant George I. Robinson, commanding Chicago Board of Trade Battery, and Captain James B. McIntyre, Fourth U. S. Cavalry.

To the members of the division staff I am under many obligations for their uniting industry, cheerfulness, exertion for the welfare of the command, and for the intelligent and soldierly manner in which they have discharged their arduous duties. Captain R. P. Kennedy, assistant adjutant-general; Major D. D. Marquis, Ninety-eighth Illinois Volunteers, division inspector; First Lieutenant E. Comstock, One hundred and forty-sixth New York Volunteers, aide-de-camp, and Major C. W. Skinner, Third Ohio Cavalry, topographical engineer, have been with me on all occasions, and their services have in a great degree contributed to the success of the division. Please find a list of casualties annexed.* The division has captured during the campaign, and delivered over to the provost-marshal's department, 579 prisoners of war. The reports for the brigade commanders have been forwarded from time to time.

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Brigadier General W. L. ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry, Dept. of the Cumberland.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Woodland, Ga., May 18, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that my command moved from camp on the Oostenaula at daylight this morning, passing rapidly through McGire's; thence down the Rome road to Hermitage; thence to Woodland, arriving at the latter place at 12 m. Near this

---------------

*List not found.

---------------

