
place six companies of the Seventeenth Indiana, under Lieutenant-Colonel Jordan, were detached to cut the railroad and telegraph wire from Rome to Kingston, which was accomplished. They also captured a wagon and 3 rebel soldiers. The railroad was cut near the mouth of Bradley Creek. It is reported that there are several trains of cars cut off on the Rome side. From Woodland Major Vail, with four companies of Seventeenth Indiana, was sent to cut the telegraph between Adairsville and Kingston, two miles north of Kingston. They skirmished up to the railroad, and under the fire of a rebel battery cut the telegraph wire. Both of these parties belonged to Colonel Wilder's brigade and acted under the special orders of Colonel Wilder, commanding brigade, who was charged with the execution of that duty. Colonel Park, with seven companies Fourth Michigan, of Colonel Minty's brigade, was sent on the direct road to Kingston, with orders to proceed as far as he could, and drive in everything before him. He proceeded to within about a mile of Kingston, skirmishing and driving in the pickets, when he came upon a very strong line of infantry and cavalry, and was forced to fall back. He was warmly engaged, and closely followed by the enemy, until he reached my line of battle, where the enemy were easily repulsed.

My loss is not now known, but 1 major is captured, 1 major severely wounded, and 1 lieutenant severely and 1 slightly wounded, besides a number of men wounded and 2 reported killed of the Fourth Michigan. Reports not yet having been received from the brigades, it is impossible to state the exact loss. The loss of the enemy is not known, but colonel Earle, Second Alabama Cavalry, was killed by Private Boner, Company A, Ninety-eighth Illinois Volunteers, in a charge made by the enemy against my dismounted line, in which the enemy were handsomely repulsed.

During the whole time I was at Woodland engaged in these operations I was entirely disconnected with the main army, and could not open communication with General McPherson. In every direction I sent out from my position my scouts encountered rebel pickets.

I was not aware that the rebel army had left Adairsville until the arrival of General McPherson this evening. From information received to-day from negroes and prisoners, the bridge over the Oostenaula at Rome was burned to-day at 11 a. m., and that the place was attacked yesterday by some of our forces. Result not known. I have every reason to believe that Rome is almost entirely evacuated, as we followed within a few hours to this point a brigade of infantry and one of cavalry. Captain Prithcard, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, with a battalion of that regiment, made a reconnaissance to within a few miles of Rome, meeting no pickets.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Army of the Tennessee.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,May 24, 1864.

GENERAL: I am camped on the Pumpkin Vine three miles from Dallas and three miles from Pumpkin Vine Church. This afternoon

