
I moved on Dallas, and when in a mile of it was attacked by a brigade of infantry and one of cavalry; at least such is the impression, and prisoners say it was the advance of Hardee's corps-Bate's division. They came in Dallas this morning after a nine-mile march. I think possibly it is a mere flanking force, and that the corps is falling back. General McPherson is seven miles in my rear.

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland.

N. B.-We repulsed this force and run them.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Cross-Roads Alabama, Lovegood, and Marietta roads, June 10, 1864.

GENERAL: My headquarters are where they were last night. This morning I sent Long's brigade down on the Marietta and Lovegood's bridge road, and secured the intersection of that road with the big Shanty and Roswell Factory road, which is the main road leading from Big Shanty east. I sent Minty's brigade across the Noonday on the old Alabama road toward Roswell Factory, and four miles from here he became engaged and has been fighting all the afternoon. To relieve him I sent a part of Long's brigade, 900 men, down the Big Shanty road to come in on the flank of the enemy, but neither Minty nor Long could make any headway, although they both charged and took a line of rail breast-works. General Wheeler and three divisions of cavalry are said by prisoners to be in my front, and two batteries. I have prisoners from Iverson's, Allen's, Williams', and Ferguson's brigades, and from Martin's division. From all I can learn, the enemy seem to be moving eastward, and their cavlary are now on the Roswell Factory road, the Canton and Marietta road, and the Trickum and Marietta road. Prisoners also say Wheeler is supported by infantry. I have only a few prisoners, but I feel quite confident their information is correct. The fight to-day was at Doctor McAfee's. I send you a sketch,* which please show to General Sherman, and also this letter, and say to him that the rebel cavalry is still here and that only one regiment, as far as I can learn, is north of the Etowah. I have a prisoner who was in three miles of Cartersville two days ago, and he says there were only thirty in his party. Do you want me to try to hold both the Alabama road and the Big Shanty road; or shall I move down the Marietta road, and hold only the Big Shanty road? The roads are over two miles apart, and I may not, if attacked in force, be able to hold both. The Big Shanty guards your flank, and if I lose it and hold only the Alabama road, it would put the enemy between us. Brush Mountain is about twelve miles from the Kenesaw, and in this space are three good roads to Marietta. Please tell me how you are progressing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Major-General McPHERSON,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee.

---------------

*To appear in the Atlas.

---------------

