
about 6 p. m. received orders from General Ruger to advance my line about fifty yards. The right of the Second Brigade was advanced still farther so as to form a more perfect connection with the Third Division, and the left to better connect with the First Brigade; again constructed very strong works to resist the artillery of the enemy. August 25, our position remained unchanged until to-day, though we continued to strengthen our works and were constantly under fire, having lost about 30 men in the works; at 8 p. m. the Twentieth Corps moved out of the works and to the rear a short distance and remained until the Fourth Corps had passed to the right. August 26, and 2 a. m. resumed the march in the direction of the Chattahoochee River; the First Division at daylight formed line of battle near the railroad trestle and wagons ridges with its flanks resting on the river, the Twentieth Corps having been detached to protect the bridges and fords while the main army moved around to the right nd rear of Atlanta; the Second Brigade occupied the right of the First Division, the One hundred and fiftieth second from the right, Twenty-seventh Indiana on the extreme right, and Third Wisconsin next on the left; again built breast-works.

September 2, position remained unchanged until to-day, though we in the mean time continued to add abatis and were constantly employed strengthening the works; at 4 p. m. received orders to be ready to move immediately in the direction of Atlanta, the rebels having in the morning evacuated the city; at 8 p. m. the Second Brigade entered the city from the north and moved to the east side in the rebel works, and left of the railroad leading to Augusta.

A complete list of casualties during the campaign accompanies this report.* I would take this occasion to remark that during the long and fatiguing campaign through which we have just passed my officers and men faithfully performed their duties, promptly and cheerfully complied with every order, and at all times evinced an anxiety and eagerness to meet and fight the enemy.

J. H. KETCHAM,

Colonel 150th New York Volunteers.

Lieutenant E. G. FAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 194.

Report of Colonel William Hawley, Third Wisconsin Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRD WISCONSIN VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,Atlanta, Ga., September 7 1864.

GENERAL: In compliance with orders contained in circular of September 6, I have the honor to submit the following detailed report of the operations of the regiment under my command from the commencement of the campaign to the capture and occupation of atlanta:

On the 28th of April, in compliance with orders from you, sir, I struck tents at Fayetteville, Tenn., and took up my line of march for the front via Tullahoma, arriving at the latter place April 30,

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 officer and 18 men killed, 4 officers and 83 men wounded, and 1 man captured or missing; total, 107.

---------------

6 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT II

