
Point and Montgomery. I will give you time to rest and then we must make quick work with Atlanta. I await your report with impatience, and in the mean time under you the assurance of my great consideration.

Your friend,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 399.

Reports of Colonel Robert H. G. Minty, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Near Blake's Mill, Ga., September 13, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with orders from headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, I have the honor to hand you the following report of the operations of this brigade during the campaign ending in the occupation of Atlanta.

I have from time to time forwarded to headquarters Second Cavalry Division reports of the various battles, skirmishers, and raids in which the brigade has been engaged during the campaign. This report will therefore be to a great extent a summary of those already made.

On the 30th of April, 1864, I marched from Columbia, Tenn., with over 2,200 men, 1,994 being included in the class mounted and equipped.

May 10, arrived at Villanow, Ga., having crossed the Cumberland, Raccoon, Lookout, and Pigeon Mountains and Taylor's Ridge, and having been on about half forage of grain and entirely without long forage during the march. May 15, I was ordered by General Garrard to make a demonstration on Rome to cover an attempted crossing of the Oostenaula by the Third Brigade. I met the enemy strongly posted at Farmer's Bridge (Armuchee Creek), and after a sharp skirmish the fourth Michigan carried the position by a charge, killing 1 captain and 9 men, and capturing 6 men. I drove them to within two miles of Rome, where I found Jackson's division of cavalry in position supported by a division of infantry. A sharp fire was opened on me by their artillery. I fell back to Farmer's Bridge and rejoined General Garrard, who had failed to make the crossing. May 16, crossed ooostenaula at Lay's Ferry. May 17, moved on right flank of General Garrard ordered open battalion Fourth Michigan to move down the Kingston road, and as the enemy was in full retreat, to charge whatever they found. Lieutenant-Colonel Park met the enemy within one mile of Woodland, and drove them sharply to within two miles of Kingston, where he ran into a force of infantry, and as same time was attacked in rear and on both flanks by the whole of Ferguson's brigade of cavalry. Colonel park fought his way back to Woodland, losing 4 officers and 24 enlisted men. May 19, marched to Kingston, where I received orders from General Garrard to move to Gillem's Bridge (five miles) at the gallop and to hold the bridge at all hazards. Arriving at the bridge I threw up barricades and rail breast-works, which were

