
handed over to Third Brigade on their arrival. This five-mile gallop rendered about 300 horses totally unserviceable. May 20 to 22, picketed and scouted on the Etowah River. May 23, marched to Van Wert. May 24, marched to near Dallas, and had a sharp skirmish with the enemy, Fourth Michigan losing 1 officer and 2 men. May 25 and 26, picketed on right of the Army of the Tennessee. On evening of 26th had a sharp skirmish with Ferguson's brigade, Fourth Michigan and Seventh Pennsylvania charging and driving them three miles. The Fourth Regulars on special duty with General McPherson. May 27, with Fourth Michigan, Seventh Pennsylvania, and Seventy-second Indiana, I attacked and drove Ferguson's and armstrong's brigades. Leaving Seventy-second Indiana and Seventh Pennsylvania to hold the ground, with the Fourth Michigan and one section of artilery I moved in rear of rebel lines and shelled their works. Same evening I received from division headquarters an extract from a letter written by General McPherson, which is as follows: "Colonel Minty with his brigade did good service to-day. He drew four regiments of infantry from in front of our right to fight him."

May 28 to June 1, picketed close into flank of Army of the Tennessee. On the night of 1st of June the First with Third Brigade covered the withdrawal of Army of the Tennessee from intrenchments in front of Dallas. June 2, marched to west end of Allatoona Pass. June 3 to 7, picketed Allatoona, Cartersville, &amp;c. June 8, marched to Asworth. June 9, in connection with Third Brigaee made reconnaissance on Kenesaw Mountain, and drove Martins' division of cavalry and one brigade of infantry from three lines of beast-works at and near big Shanty, inflicting on them heavy loss. June 10, moved toward McAfee's Cross-Roads. June 11, attacked Martins' division at McAfee's Cross-Roads; drove it one mile, carrying one lie of breast-works. Toward night received an order from General Garrard to fall back on Third Brigade, west of Noonday Creek. June 12 to 14 picketing and scouting. June 15, moved south on Bell's Ferry and Marietta road, skirmishing with the enemy all day. June 16 to 19, picketing, scouting, and slight skirmishing. June 20, received orders from General Garrard to cross Noonday Creek and go into camp. Was attacked by Wheeler with six brigades, viz: Allen's, Iverson's, Anderson's, Ahnnon's, Williams', and Dibrell's. About 500 men of Seventh Pennsylvania and Fourth Michigan, with Lieutenant Griffin's section of Chicago board of Trade Battery, fought Williams', Hannon's, and Anderons' brigades for over two hours. The Seventh Pennsylvania and Fourth Michigan each made one saber charge, and two battalions of Fourth Michigan repulsed three saber charges made by Anderson's brigade of regular cavalry. Colonel Miller reported to me with three regiments from his brigade. I directed him to form on the hills around the bridge over Noonday. One battalion Fourth U. s. Regulars checked the advance of Allen's and Iverson's brigades on my right flank and enabled me to fall back on Colonel Miller. The six brigades of rebels dismounted and charged my new line. The artillery, which I had placed in position across the creek, opened on them and they were repulsed. I withdrew across the creek and reported to General Garrard. My loss was heavy, being in the Fourth Michigan and Seventh Pennsylvania 55, and Third Brigade 10. The rebel papers acknowledge a loss of 75 killed. June 21 and 22, picketing and scouting. June 23, in connection with Second and

