
Third Brigades made demonstrations across Noonday; slight skirmishing. June 24 to 26, picketing and scouting. June 27, the division (dismounted) made a demonstration across Noonday. The position occupied by First Brigade was shelled by three rebel batteries. The fire was sharply replied to by Lieutenants Griffin and Robinson, with two sections of Chicago Board of Trade Battery. June 28 to July 2, picketing and scouting. Night of July 2 the left of the army moved from in front of Kenesaw, Second Cavalry Division covering the movement.

July 3, marched through Marietta. July 4, picketing and skirmishing on the left. July 5, Seventh Pennsylvania drove the rebels through Roswell across the Chattahoochee. July 6 to 8, picketing and scouting. July 9, dismounted and waded the Chattahoochee in rear of Third Brigade; threw up breast-works and held the ground until dark, when General newton's division, of the Fourth Corps, relieved us. July 10 to 16, picketing and scouting. July 17, crossed Chattahoochee on McAfee's Bridge and marched to near Cross Keys. July 18, First Brigade, followed by the Third, made a raid on the Augusta railroad and destroyed about five miles of track. July 19 and 20 picketing and scouting. July 21, marched from Old Cross Keys to Rock Bridge via Decatur (thirty-seven miles), arriving at Rock Bridge at break of day on the 22d. July 22, after two hours' halt marched to Covington and, together with Third Brigade, tore up abbot five miles of track. July 23, marched to Lawrenceville. July 24, marched to Decatur. July 25 and 26, in camp near Decatur. July 27, the division marched through Decatur to Flat Shoals (First Brigade in advance) to cover General Stoneman's raid on the Macon railroad; same night our pickets were attacked by Allen's brigade of rebel cavalry. Fourth Michigan moved out (dismounted); erected barricades and lay in line of battle all night. July 28, at break of day discovered that we were completely surrounded by three divisions (nine brigades) of rebel cavalry. About 10 a. m. Third Brigade, dismounted, with one battalion Fourth Regulars on each flank, charged the rebels on the Lithonia road, and drove them in confusion. July 29, in camp near Lithonia. July 30, marched from Lithonia to Cross Keys (thirty miles). July 31, went into camp near Buck Head.

August 1 to 14, First and Third Brigades, dismounted, relieved the Twenty-third Corp sin the trenches on the extreme left of the army. During this time did duty as infantry. Occasional slight skirmishing with the enemy. Horses with no exercise and on half forage of grain and no long forage the whole time. August 15, left the trenches and rejoined our horses. August 16, picketing. August 17, First and Second Brigades marched at 12 p. m. for Sandtown, arriving there at 6 a. m. August 18, marched at sunset on the Kilpatrick raid on the Macon railroad. August 19, attacked on the left flank by artillery and dismounted cavlary. The Seventh Pennsylvania and Fourth Michigan attacked with vigor and repulsed the rebels. The Fourth Regulars and Fourth Michigan, together with the Second Brigade, forced the passage of Flint River near Jonesborough, the Seventh Pennsylvania at same time covering rear of column. In the advance from Flint River and the capture of Jonesborough, Fourth Michigan had the advance, followed by Fourth Regulars and Second Brigade, and drove Ferguson's and Ross' brigades of cavalry out of town. The brigade assisted in tearing up about two miles of track. About 10.30 p. m., being attacked from

