
the south, General Kilpatrick directed that the column should move toward McDonough, about five miles, and then march on Lovejoy's Station, in rear of the rebel force. He directed that the First Brigade should take the advance, and that I should remain with Second Brigade to cover the movement. August 20, on nearing Lovejoy's Station the First Brigade was in advance, followed by the Second. Within one mile of the station the Fourth Michigan was detached on a road diverging to the right, and succeeded in gaining the railroad and tearing up and burning a portion of the track. The Seventh Pennsylvania, at the head of the column, drove a small force of the rebels before them, until within a quarter of a mile of the railroad, where they met with spirited opposition. The woods were heavy with a thick undergrowth. I dismounted the Seventh Pennsylvania, but found that the left of the enemy overlapped our right. I then sent three squadrons of the Fourth Regulars to extend our line and one squadron, mounted, to cover the left flank. The remaining two squadrons were covering the rear. At the moment the Fourth Regulars dismounted, Reynolds' brigade of infantry (seven regiments) poured in a heavy volley, and, jumping out of the railroad cut, rushed forward over our line of less than 300 men, killing, wounding, or capturing 5 officers and over 60 men. The Second Brigade and the Chicago Board of Trade Battery quickly formed and gallantly checked the rebels. The Seventh Pennsylvania and Fourth Regulars were immediately reformed. The carriage of one of the guns was broken by the enemy's fire, and when the battery fell back it was left on the field, but a few volunteers shortly after brought it in, when it was taken off the carriage and placed in a wagon. The column being attacked in rear, General Kilpatrick directed me to withdraw my command and form for a charge on the attacking force. I ordered in the Fourth Michigan, mounted the Fourth regulars and Seventh Pennsylvania, and moved into the field south of the McDonough road, facing east. I formed my brigade (now reduced to a little over 700 of all ranks) in line of regimental column of fours, the Seventh Pennsylvania on the right, the Fourth Michigan in the center, and the Fourth regulars on the left, and directed Colonel Long to form in brigade column with regimental front in rear of First Brigade.

I sent a few men from each of my columns to charge as foragers, and remove portions of the first fence, and moved forward at the trot until I arrived on the top of the rising ground behind which we had formed, when we rushed forward at a gallop. One fence still intervened between us and the rail barricades, from behind which the rebels were firing. On a hill to my left a battery of three guns was pouring canister into our ranks as rapidly as they could load and fire, while four guns on a hill in front of my right was shelling us at long range. The leading horses, in trying to leap the fence, knocked off some of the top rails, and gaps were soon made, through which the columns poured. The rebels held their position until we were within about ten rods of them, when they broke from their cover and scattered in the wildest confusion, but scarcely a man escaped without a saber-stroke. After passing over the open ground and through a belt of timber, I had the really sounded, got my men together and reformed. General Kilpatrick directed me to cover the march of the column to McDonough. I directed Colonel Long to take the rear. Before the Third Brigade had broken into column on the road, Colonel Long was attacked by a heavy force of infantry,

