
but gallantly held his ground until the Third Division had got out of the way. I dismounted the Seventh Pennsylvania and Fourth Michigan, and formed them, with one section of the Chicago Board of Trade Battery, to cover the retreat of the Second Brigade, which was at this time sorely pressed. The Fourth Regulars was entirely out of ammunition, and I had to send it to our rear. The Ohio Regiments fell back in good order, and the new line received and repulsed the enemy. From rapid firing, one of my guns burst and a shell wedged in the other. The two regiments held their position until the Second Brigade moved off; then fell back, mounted, and followed the column. About 2 a. m. I arrived north of Walnut Creek. August 21, marched at daybreak; at about 6 a. m. arrived on south bank of Cotton River. The bridge had been destroyed. We were, therefore, compelled to swim the stream. The wagon with the dismounted gun could not be taken across. We, therefore, buried the gun and destroyed the wagon. Camped at Lithonia. August 22, marched to camp near Buck Head, via Decatur, having made the circuit of Atlanta and both armies since 12 o'clock on the night of the 17th, and having marched and fought every day and night during that time with the exception of the night of the 21st, when we lay at Lithonia. August 23 and 24, in camp picketing. August 25, fell back from before Atlanta to Vining's Station, north of the Chattahoochee River, part of the Fourth Michigan covering the rear of the retiring infantry. August 26, in camp. August 27, marched to near Sandtown and camped near Sweet Water Creek. August 28 to September 10, in camp, picketing and scouting the country from Campbellton to Marietta. The thirteen days we lay at this point is the only time during the whole campaign that we had full forage for our horses.

During the campaign we were fighting thirty-one days, exclusive of the fifteen days we did picket duty in front of the trenches, and in the same time the headquarters of the brigade marched 925 miles. The killed, wounded, and missing are as follows:

Killed Wounded Missing

Command	 Officers	 Men	 Officers	 Men	 Officers	 Men

4th U. S.	 ...... 	 11	 1	 14	 1	 28

Cavalry

7th	 ......	 14	 1	 44	 5	 24

Pennsylvania

Cavalry

4th Michigan	 2	 19	 4	 48	 1	 31

Cavalry

Total	 2	 44	 6	 106	 7	 83

Total

Command	 Officers	 Men

4th U. S. Cavalry	 2	 53

7th Pennsylvania Cavalry	 6	 83

4th Michigan Cavalry	 7	 98

Total	 15	 234

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[Captain KENNEDY.]

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. SECOND CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Blek's Mill, September 16, 1864.

This report is forwarded; but lest there should be some misunderstanding in the matter, I would respectfully state I was in command of the Second Cavalry Division during the past campaign.

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

