
section back out of range, and held the position with the dismounted men, supported on the flanks by cavalry, until after dark, when I established strong picket-lines and fell back to camp.

My loss was as follows: Seventh Pennsylvania, 3 killed, 11 wounded; Fourth Michigan, 1 killed, 1 wounded; Seventy-second Indiana, 1 wounded; total, 4 killed, 13 wounded.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain KENNEDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Cavalry Division.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Near Marietta, Ga., June 12, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from the general commanding the division, I marched from camp near Acworth at 6 a. m. on the 9th instant, taking the direct road to Marietta. At the grave-yard on Rocky Hill my advance (the Fourth Michigan Cavalry) struck the rebel pickets, and found the road obstructed by rail barricades and felled trees. They were immediately driven to the opposite hill in front of Big shanty, where formidable breast-works of rails had been built. Here the enemy appeared in considerable force, having open fields in his front, and the flankers reported cavalry moving on both flanks. I sent the Fourth U. S. Cavalry to the left, and one battalion Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry to the right, and skirmishing commenced at once. The general brought up the Third Brigade, when I moved the Fourth Michigan to the left of the regulars and sent the other two battalions of the Seventh Pennsylvania to the right, and ordered both flanks to push forward. This was done in good style (dismounted), especially on the right, where the country was sufficiently open to admit of regular formation being kept up. On the left the underbrush was so dense that the men had great difficulty in forcing their way through it and dislodging the enemy. The entire advance charged gallantly across the open country and carried the first line of breast-works, where we found telegraph wire stretched along the entire front about two feet from the ground. The rebels now took shelter behind the second line, which was on the hill south of the station. Across the open ground between the two lines the Third Brigade and the Seventh Pennsylvania again charged and quickly dislodged the enemy, who fell back to the third line. The Seventh Pennsylvania now pushed forward through the woods on the right, and was immediately heavily engaged, but drove the rebels steadily. I directed the Fourth Regulars to keep in line with and cover the flank of the Third Brigade, which again advanced in magnificent style, chagrin over open ground, and carrying the works about Somers' house and the last line of breast-works at the edge of the woods beyond the house, which was defended by the "Mississippi Tigers" (Twenty-ninth).

The entire force having been ordered to return to camp, I sent one regiment to escort the ambulances with the killed and wounded, and with the other two brought up the rear. I arrived in camp at about 8 p. m.

