
and mustering my regiment for pay on the same day. Here I received orders from you to push forward to the front and join the brigade, which had already moved; as soon as possible I accordingly marched from tullahoma the morning of May 1, and after a march of ninety-five miles joined the brigade at Trickum Post-Office on the 8th. On the morning of the 10th the regiment took up its line of march with the brigade and balance of the army to Snake Creek Gap, sixteen miles, where it remained until the morning of May 13, when the march was again resumed, and the regimen on the same day took a position in front of the enemy at Resaca. Next day moved with the whole corps to the left to support a division of the Fourth Corps. In this movement, although a brisk skirmish was maintained, and the enemy completely foiled in his attempt to turn our left, no casualties occurred. On the morning of the 15th the regiment, with the brigade, moved one mile farther to the left and front, and under your directions took up position in line of battle with the brigade in the following order: Twenty-seventh Indiana on the right, Second Massachusetts, Third Wisconsin, Thirteenth New Jersey, One hundred and fiftieth New York, with the One hundred and seventh New York in reserve, Skirmishers were immediately thrown out 200 yards in front, who became at once engaged with the enemy. I caused slight works of rails and logs to be thrown up in front of my line on the most exposed points, but before these works could be made defensible, the enemy made a vigorous charge with an entire division, driving in my skirmishers, advancing to within 150 yards of our lines with an unearthly yell, apparently confident of victory. I reserve my fire until they approached within easy range, and then opened by file, causing them to waver, and finally to retire in disorder. At this point, believing that an advance would result in their complete discomfiture, I gave the command to advance, which was obeyed with alacrity and with a cheer. In this advance 40 prisoners were captured, and about 50 rebels were found dead on the field, besides a few mortally wounded. The comparatively light loss of the regiment in this engagement is attributable mainly to the intrenchments hastily thrown up. The following is a report of casualties on that day: Killed-enlisted men, 3. Wounded-commissioned officers, 1; enlisted men, 26. Missing-enlisted men, 1. Total, 31. Of the number wounded 1 commissioned officer and 5 enlisted men have since died, making total mortality 9. The enemy having retired during the night following the battle, on the morning of the 16th the regiment took up its line of march with the balance of the brigade and army, arriving at the Coosawatte River the same day; distance, eight miles. On the morning of the 17th crossed the river, marched eight miles in direction of Calhoun, and bivouacked for the night. May 18, marched eighteen miles in direction of Kingston. May 19, marched six miles to Cassville, skirmishing slightly with the enemy on the road, with no casualties; went into camp near Cassville, where we remained four days. May 23, marched ten miles, crossing the Etowah River the same day. May 24, marched fourteen miles in direction of Marietta. May 25, marched eight miles, where the enemy was met strongly intrenched at the crossing of the Marietta and Dallas and Acworth roads. Here the command was halted and the brigade, under your direction, formed in line of battle and advanced directly on the enemy's works, my regiment occupying the center, with its left resting on the Marietta road. In this hard-fought battle no decided advantage was gained further than learning the position and

