
My loss was 6 wounded, 2 of them mortally. I know of but 3 rebels killed, but many of them must have been wounded. I have 5 prisoners from the Second and Third Georgia and First Alabama.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain KENNEDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Cavalry Division.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,June 14, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

An attack was made on a portion of Wheeler's command, on the road leading to the Marietta and Canton road, by the Third Ohio, of Colonel Long's brigade, but the enemy was found too strong to drive. Prisoners say all the cavalry, with a small exception, of Johnston's army is now on our left flank.

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIV., DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Noonday Creek, Ga., June 21, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Since my last report to 11th June, I have been almost daily engaged with the enemy, generally light skirmishing, with but small loss. At 10 a. m. yesterday I sent one battalion Fourth U. S. Cavalry to examine the road leading to the Marietta and Canton road. On crossing the creek they struck the rebel pickets and drove them to the Marietta road, which I then occupied with the Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, sending one battalion south to the Big Shanty road, where from 600 to 700 of the enemy were found, and a small patrol north to McAfee's Cross-Roads, who met only small scouting parties. I placed vedettes on the hills east of the Marietta road, who reported scouting parties for the rebels scattered throughout the country. About 4 p. m. I received orders from the general commanding the division to cross the creek with the remainder of my brigade, and camp for the night. As I was moving out with the Fourth Michigan I received a report from Major Jenings, commanding Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, that he had been attacked from the north. On joining him I found that he was skirmishing sharply, and was being slowly driven. I ordered a charge, which was splendidly made by Captain Newlin's battalion, Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry. The enemy was driven nearly a quarter of a mile when Captain Newlin ran into William's brigade and was repulsed. The enemy then charged, but were repulsed by a countercharge of the Fourth Michigan Cavalry. Kelly's division now advanced, Anderson's (late Allen's) brigade on the right of Williams, and the Tennessee (late Humes') brigade moving well to the right of Anderson's. Two battalions of the Fourth Michigan formed line to meet Anderson's brigade, and I sent two battalions of the Fourth Regulars to meet the Tennessee brigade. Anderson advanced in good style, the Confederate with sabers, supported by the Fifth Georgia

