
ion which had been ordered to tear up the track. About 10 p. m. I was ordered to take up a new position near the Third Division, which was about moving farther south to continue the work of destruction. As soon as I had moved Colonel Murray attempted to advance, but found the enemy in force and strongly posted in his front. A flank movement was now directed. The general ordered that my own brigade should take the advance and that I myself, with the Second Brigade, should remain to cover the movement. The column marched toward McDonough for about five miles, then, turning to the right, moved directly toward Lovejoy's Station, on the Macon road. As the rear of the column turned to the right the rebel cavalry came up with it, and a sharp skirmish ensued between them and Colonel Long's brigade, ending in the repulse of the rebels a little after daybreak.

August 20, when within one mile of Lovejoy's Station the Second Brigade rejoined the First at the head of the column. At this point the road forks, one branch leading to the station and the other to a point on the railroad quarter of a mile north. On this, the right-hand road, I detached the Fourth Michigan, with orders to gain possession of and destroy the railroad. The column moved directly for the station, driving a small squad of rebels before it. When within quarter of a mile of the railroad, I received a report from Major Mix, commanding Fourth Michigan, that he had succeeded in gaining the road, without meeting with any opposition, and was then engaged in destroying it. At this moment the advance was fired upon pretty sharply. I immediately dismounted it and, together with the remainder of the regiment (Seventh Pennsylvania), sent it forward to clear the woods, but finding that a fire was maintained on my right, I sent one battalion Fourth U. S. Cavalry, to extend the line in that direction; but before it could gain its position, and entire brigade of rebel infantry rose from the brush in our front, delivered a terrific volley, and rushed forward with a yell. Our little force, scarcely 300 men, appeared for a moment to be annihilated; the Second Brigade formed rapidly. The Chicago Board of Trade Battery came into position, and the enemy was quickly checked, but from the woods in our front, and on the left flank, a galling fire was kept up, and the battery was forced to fall back, leaving one piece, which had been disabled, on the ground, and having lost 7 per cent. of their men. The gun was, however, immediately after, brought in by volunteers, taken off the broken carriage, and placed in a wagon. The rebel cavalry now attacked u heavily in the rear. The general ordered me to withdraw my command and form it on the right of the road, facing to the hen rear, and prepare for a charge. I formed the First Brigade in line of regimental columns of fours, the Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry on the right, the Fourth Michigan in the center, and the Fourth United States on the left; the Second Brigade in rear of the First, in close column, with regimental front, with orders to follow the First Brigade, but the ground being very unfavorable for such a movement, Colonel Long broke by fours, and moved down the road in rear of the Fourth U. S. Cavalry. Gaps were made in the first fence by a line of skirmishers, and I moved forward at the trot until we got under the enemy's fire, when I gave the commands "gallop" and "charge," and we swept down on the rebel breast-works. The ground we had to pass over was very disadvantageous for a charge, being very much cut up by rain gullies, and intersected by half a dozen high rail fences. The rebels held their position, behind their works, until we were almost

