
on them, when they turned and fled in confusion. We were soon among them, and hundreds fell beneath our keen blades. The race and slaughter continued, through woods and fields, for about three miles, when I collected and reformed my command. In this charge we captured 3 pieces of artillery and 3 stand of colors, viz: Third Texas Cavalry and Benjamin Infantry, captured by the Fourth U. S. Cavalry, and the Zachary Rangers, captured by the Fourth Michigan Cavalry. General Kilpatrick ordered me to cover the march of the column to McDonough. Colonel Long immediately took position with the Second Brigade, and before the head of the column had moved he was attacked by Cleburne's division of infantry. For nearly three hours they were held in check by Colonel Long, who was here wounded in the arm and thigh. The command of the brigade then devolved on Colonel Eggleston, First Ohio Cavalry. The Third Division being out of the way, I placed the Fourth Michigan and Seventh Pennsylvania in position, with Lieutenant Bennett's section of artillery, and directed Colonel Eggleston to retire with his brigade. Cleburne followed closely and vigorously attacked the new line, but our rail breast-works protected the men and our loss was comparatively small, although the enemy's shells were thrown with great precision. Shortly after the retreat of the Second Brigade one of our guns burst and the other was rendered temporarily unserviceable by the wedging of a shell. As soon as the road was clear, I withdrew, mounted the First Brigade. The march was continued until 2 a. m. on the 21st, when we bivouacked north of Walnut Creek.

August 21, we were in the saddle shortly after daybreak. At about 6 a. m. we arrived on the south bank of Cotton River, which was flooded, and the bridge destroyed. This we were compelled to swim, losing in the operation 1 man and about 50 horses and mules. It being impossible to bring across the wagon which contained the gun, it was destroyed and the gun buried. I camped at Lithonia, on the Georgia railroad. August 22, returned to camp, near Peach Tree Creek, passing through Latimar's and Decatur.

Every officers and soldier in the command acted so well, so nobly, so gallantly, that under ordinary circumstances they would be entitled to special mention. Day and night, from the 28th to the 23d, these gallant men were without sleep and almost without food. During that time they marched and skirmished incessantly, fought four pitched battles, and swam a flooded river, and all without once complaining or murmuring.

I cannot close this necessarily long report without calling attention to the gallant and magnificent manner in which the Chicago Board of Trade Battery was fought, by Lieutenants Robinson and Bennett, on every occasion on which it was brought into action. Colonel Long, commanding Second Brigade, and all the regimental commanders, distinguished themselves by the able manner in which they handled their commands. Captain McIntyre, commanding Fourth U. S. Cavalry, rendered himself conspicuous by his gallantry when he was attacked by a brigade of infantry at Lovejoy's, and also by the manner in which he led the charge of his regiment on the 20th.

Private Samuel Waters, Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, rode in advance of his regiment, and made good use of his saber during the charge. Private Douglas, Fourth U. S. Cavalry, rode with Captain McIntyre during the charge, and brought in 15 prisoners, 4 of them commissioned officers. Private William Bailey, Fourth Mich-

