
of the 18th. Having the advance of the brigade, we moved off in a southwesterly direction. We marched very steady throughout the night, and about 6 a. m. arrived at a place called Sandtown, where we found the Third Cavalry Division. Here I received notice that we would remain through the day, and be ready to join the Third Division, under General Kilpatrick, for a raid on the Atlanta and Macon Railroad, which was to leave at sundown. At 6 p. m. I received orders that I would use my command as rear guard, and it was near 9 o'clock before I moved out of camp. We moved very slow though the night, making it very tiresome for both men and horses. At daylight on the morning of the 19th, when near the East Point railroad, artillery was distinctly heard in our front, and, by the movements of the advance, I learned the enemy were firing into our flank. The ambulances of the brigade were in advance of me, and attempted to follow the command and to dash past fire (and officer having them in charge). Instead of following the command, they turned to the right into a small bridle path. I had followed them to this point, and felt bound to save them, if possible, and accordingly moved my command in the same direction. After proceeding a short distance, I found the ambulances halted and no opening for them to escape, and that we were cut off from the rest of the command. I sent the ambulances to the rear, and formed the Third Battalion, under Captain Eldridge, on the left of the path facing the main road, which we had just left. About this tie I was joined by a battalion of the Seven Pennsylvania, under Major Andress. Being the senior officer, I ordered him to form his command on the right of the Third Battalion of Fourth Michigan. The enemy were moving toward the main road, and had already opened a heavy fire upon us. I ordered Major Andress and Captain Eldridge to move forward with their commands as skirmishers, and drive the enemy from the road. Captain Eldridge moved forward in fine style, driving the enemy before him, but Major Andress, with his battalion, soon left me without my knowledge, and I found my right unprotected. I ordered Captain Hathaway, commanding First Battalion of my regiment, to dismount his battalion and move it forward to assist Captain Eldridge; but before the movement was completed Captain Eldrdge sent me word that he had possession of the main road. I sent my adjutant (Lieutenant Dickinson), to the ambulances to have them fall in between the First and Second Battalions, and to charge out with us, as the enemy had full command of the road with his artillery. But no one could be found to take charge of them, some of them having been turned over and broken. Upon gaining this information, I ordered the command forward on the gallop, crossed the railroad, thence down the railroad on the left for about two miles, to Fremont's Corners, closely followed on the gallop, crossed the railroad, thence down the railroad on the left for about two miles, to Fremont's Corners, closely followed by the enemy. Here I found two battalions of the Seventh Pennsylvania, under Major Jennings. Here I formed the regiment and built a stockade across the road, where we held the enemy in check. They soon disappeared. I then sent Company K, Lieutenant Bedtelyon commanding, back to find our pack-mules (which had been cut off), and see if the ambulances could be found and brought out. He soon returned with the pack animals and three of the ambulances, the other three having been broken.

And here let me say that with proper management, or with some one to look after them, the ambulances could all have been brought out; but some of the drivers acted in a cowardly and unsoldierly

