
strength of the enemy, they being well intrenched, with superior numbers and a well chosen position. The officers and men of my regiment fought with a heroism never excelled by any troops, and I take pleasure in saying that in this engagement, as well as in the former one at Resaca, not a single instance of bad conduct came under my personal observation, or has been reported to me since, notwithstanding over one-half of my command consisted of recruit who had never before been under fire. My loss in this engagement was as follows: Killed-enlisted men, 14. Wounded-commissioned officer, 5; enlisted men, 92. Total, 111. Of those wounded there have since died 1 commissioned officer and 13 enlisted men, making total killed 28. My regiment remained in position near the battle-field of the 25th until June 1, when I marched four miles to the left, where I went into position in line of battle and remained until June 4; at this time I marched one mile farther to the left. June 5, marched two miles, still to the left. June 6, marched three miles to the left and front. This was a movement of the whole division, in which my regiment had the advance, and skirmished slightly with the enemy during most of the day. Casualties, 1 man wounded. The position now taken up I retained until June 11, when I marched done mile to the left and went into position near Pine Knob, the enemy having abandoned his position near Pine Knob during the night of the 14th. On the 15th our lines were advanced two miles to the front, where on the enemy was found in force and strongly intrenched. Late in evening, under your directions, I went into position in line of battle, on the right of the brigade, and 200 yards from the enemy's works. During the night I caused such works to be thrown up as could be done with the tools and means at hand. My loss in this position was 7 men wounded. During the night of the 16th the enemy fell back, and on the 17th I marched one and a half miles to the front. June 19, marched two miles to the front. June 20, marched two miles to the right.

On the morning of the 21st I was ordered to advance with my regiment to the Powder Springs road. In attempting to do so, I met the enemy at a point one and a half miles from where I started. After skirmishing briskly for some time, deeming it unadvisable with my small force to attempt to advance farther, I fell back a short distance and awaited re-enforcements. The One hundred and seventh New York was sent to my assistance, and on its arrival I again advanced to the point where I first struck the enemy, driving him from the position which he had occupied during my short absence. I held this position until the advance of the corps next day. My casualties were 1 enlisted man killed and 7 wounded. June 22, moved one mile to the right. In the action of this date my regiment was not engaged, my position being near the right of the brigade where the attack of the enemy did not reach. I remained in this position until June 27, when I marched one mile to the left.

July 3, marched three miles to the front. July 4, marched two miles to the right. July 5, marched six miles to the right and front. July 6, marched four miles to the left. In the operations near Kenesaw Mountain, which resulted in enemy falling back from that place and from their position near Marietta, my losses were as follows: Killed-enlisted men, 1. Wounded-enlisted men, 17. Total, 18. Those since died of wounds, 3. I occupied the position taken July 6 until July 17, at which date the corps was again put in motion, marching

