
manner, having abandoned their teams on the first appearance of danger. Sergeant Ray, of Company M, took one team from an ambulance he found upset and drove it in ahead of his horse. I soon received orders from Colonel Minty to join the command, which was waiting for me some three miles to the left. Upon joining the command, I learned that our brigade had been ordered to pass the Third Division and to follow Colonel Long's brigade. We now moved forward at a good walk until 2 p. m., when artillery was heard again at the front, and the entire command was halted and artillery was used upon both sides for over an hour. I was then ordered to dismount my regiment and move to the front, and, under cover of the woods, move down to the skirmish line, which was then resting on Flint River, some two and a half miles from Jonesborough, on the Macon railroad. An advance was ordered, and, with the Second Brigade, Second Division, we crossed the river, driving the enemy in all directions. The command was now halted, and the advance given to the Fourth Michigan Cavalry. We moved forward, meeting with very little opposition, and reached the railroad at 5 p. m., Captain Van Antwerp being the first man on the road. The boys went to work with a good will, pulling up the rails and firing the road. Late in the evening I was ordered to mount my command and move in an open field, to unsaddle and groom my horses, and to build a stockade in my front, but ere it was completed we were ordered farther down the railroad to guard our left flank. Here we remained until 1 o'clock in the morning, the enemy continually trying our lines. At this time I was ordered to move up the road and be ready to fall back. At 2 a. m. the command commenced moving in the direction of McDonough, the First Brigade in the advance. We moved at a rapid pace until daylight, when we halted to feed our weary horses.

At 8 a. m. the advance again sounded and we moved forward, following the Seventh Pennsylvania, who were in the advance. Heavy skirmishing had already commenced in our rear. The command struck off to the right, leaving McDonough on our left, and here I learned that we were to make another attempt on the railroad at Lovejoy's Station. We moved steadily along until within one mile and a half of the station, when I was ordered to take my regiment to the right, move down the railroad in that direction, and break the road as soon as possible, to prevent any trains coming to that point, and to lead the enemy in that direction. Throwing forward the Third Battalion, under Captain eldridge, as skirmishers, we moved down to the road without meeting with any resistance. I immediately sent forward the Second Battalion, Captain Van Antwerp commanding, to join the third, and move across the track and cover our front while we destroyed the road. By the time we had made a breakage in the road, heavy firing was heard on my left in the direction of the main column. Soon portions of the Seventh Pennsylvania came running into my lines, and I learned they had been attacked in large numbers by infantry, and that the enemy were driving our lines back. I immediately withdrew the Second and Third Battalions and formed the regiment to receive the enemy, should they see fit to give me a call. Up to this time we had taken up two lengths of rails from the road and had fires built for several rods each way. I received orders from Colonel Minty at this time to move back to the forks of the road as rapidly as possible, to prevent being cut off from the main column. As soon as we reached the point we were ordered into line, and to throw up a stockade in

