
geant Cody, Company G, Sergeants Fay and Walsh, Company A, were particularly noticed by me for their bravery. The two latter fell in the first line. But it was in the charge, when cavalry fought in the legitimate way, that the cool, dismounted lieutenant, sergeants, and soldiers became the cavalryman, and where all were heroes it would be invidious to make distinction. Lieutenant Hedges was at the head of the column. Sergeant Rose, of Company L, led us all, and almost cut a road for the rear. Private Douglas, Company C, was conspicuous in taking and keeping prisoners. Lieutenant Roys had his horse killed by a shell.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. McINTYRE,

Captain Fourth Cavalry, Commanding Regiment.

[Captain ROBERT BURNS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, Second Cav. Div.]

Numbers 404.

Reports of Colonel Eli Long, Fourth Ohio Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations May 26-August 22.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Near Roswell, Ga., July 12, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Please find annexed a report of the operations of the Second Brigade, Second Cavalry Division, since leaving Decatur, Ala., on the 26th of May and up to the 1st of the present month, which I have the honor to forward for the information of the brigadier-general commanding corps:

Leaving Decatur, I proceeded on the Courtland road toward Courtland, Ala., and soon found the enemy, a portion of General Roddey's cavalry command. Attacking them at once, they were thrown into a hasty retreat, and we captured 12 prisoners and 2 stand of colors, besides wagons, horses, mules, arms, &amp;c.; our loss nothing.

Next day Roddey's entire command was met near Courtland, and, after an engagement of half an hour, I drove him through the town, taking 3 prisoners and killing Major Williams. We had 1 man wounded. On the 28th we had no fighting, but surprised and captured 6 of Roddey's men.

May 29, near Moulton, Ala., I was attacked at 4 a. m. General Roddey with cavalry and four pieces of artillery. After a severe engagement, lasting two hours, the enemy was completely repulsed on all sides, and compelled to retreat in great disorder toward Moulton, leaving his dead and some wounded on the field. Roddey's loss was 12 to 15 killed; the number of his wounded not known. We took 16 prisoners, including 1 lieutenant-colonel and 2 lieutenants. Our own casualties were 3 killed and 14 wounded. Marched that morning at 8 o'clock, passing through Somerville, Ala., and on the 30th of May overtook the Seventeenth Army Corps, Major-General Blair. Remained with his command until the 6th of June, when we arrived at Kingston, Ga. Crossing Raccoon and Sand Mountains was very severe upon our horses, although the roads by this route were generally good and water abundant. Our supply of forage was very limited, and we depended for the most part upon the grazing.

