
Crossed Lookout Mountain on the 3rd June, and marched toward Rome, Ga., surprising and capturing 16 rebel soldiers and 1 lieutenant-colonel. June 6, marched from Rome to Kingston, and on the following day to Etowah Bridge, thence toward Marietta. June 11, while encamped ten miles from Marietta, I sent out the First Ohio Volunteer Cavalry on a reconnaissance toward that town. They met a force of the enemy, and drove them some four miles. The Third Ohio Volunteer Cavalry was sent on another road, and found the enemy a few miles from camp, attacked them, but found they had largely superior numbers, and the regiment was compelled to fall back. Our loss here was 12 wounded and 2 missing. The enemy had several wounded, and we took 1 prisoner. Remained in camp at Noonday Creek, having frequent skirmishing with the rebel pickets, until the 15th, when I received marching orders. At 2 p. m. I attacked General Wheeler's cavlary command, and fought him for about an hour, but was at length compelled to fall back, Wheeler being well fortified, and intrenched beyond our power to drive him out. In this engagement we lost 2 killed, 16 wounded, and 2 missing. Rebel loss unknown. On the 16th of June I moved toward the front, and encamped near Kenesaw Mountain, remaining here until the 19th, when, upon orders received, I moved my command, and drove the enemy to Noonday Creek. Here I formed a junction with the Third Brigade. The enemy made a stand on the farther bank of the creek, and fought stubbornly for several hours. June 20, was ordered to re-enforce Colonel Minty's brigade, which had encountered the enemy and been driven back to the creek. June 23, crossed Noonday Creek, and was attacked by the enemy some five miles from Marietta. The attack was handsomely repelled, and the enemy driven back, with a loss of 1 killed and several wounded; our loss, 2 wounded and 2 missing. During the remainder of the month my command rested, for the most part, quietly in camp.

Since leaving Decatur the brigade has marched (the main column) 215 miles, much of this distance being mountainous country. Besides horses, mules, wagons, and arms taken, we captured a total of 5 officers and 54 men, and lost, in killed, 5; wounded, 45; missing 6.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELI LONG,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[Captain J. E. JACOBS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Near Roswell, Ga., July 14, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to forward, for the information of the division commander, the following report, showing the movements and operations of the Second Brigade from the 1st of the present month to date:

Being encamped near Noonday Creek, north of Marietta, I remained there until the evening of the 3d, then marching to Big Shanty. On the following day I received orders to follow the enemy, who was retreating, and, marching via Marietta, I pursued him some four miles southeast of that town. At 3 a. m. of the 4th I again had marching orders, and on moving out of camp found the

