HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Buck Head, Ga., August 23, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by this brigade in the late expedition of General Kilpatrick in the enemy's rear. In pursuance of orders received on the evening of the 17th, I furnished my command with rations for five days, and moved from camp shortly after midnight, reporting to Colonel Minty, of First Brigade, in charge of First and Second Brigades, with an effective force of 72 officers and 1,300 men. Lieutenant Bennett's section of Board of Trade Battery reported for duty with me. Marched in rear of First Brigade for Sandtown, arriving there early the next morning. Remained in camp near Sandtown during the day, and reported at headquarters of Brigadier-General Kilpatrick. According to instructions received from him, marched again at sundown, the Third Cavalry Division being in column and Brigadier-General Kilpatrick commanding. My command now reduced about 100 men by the giving out of horses on the previous night's march. Traveling all night, we crossed the Atlanta and West Point Railroad, near Fairburn, at daylight on the 10th. Having orders to destroy the road at this point, I detailed for this work the First Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, who tore up half a mile of the track. Meanwhile, I had moved forward in column with the remainder of the brigade, the First Brigade holding the rear, and had not marched far when artillery was opened by a force of the enemy, who appeared in the woods on our left. I returned to the railroad, mounted the First Ohio, and formed line of battle in the woods. The First Brigade being now already engaged, I advanced my line to co-operate with the other brigade, and the enemy retired, and, after considerable skirmishing, was driven back through his camp, which we temporarily occupied. The column was then moved forward, my brigade taking the advance, and I soon found a force on my front; skirmished with them during the greater part of the day, driving them gradually toward Jonesborough until my advance guard drew near Flint River.

The enemy had taken a strong position on the farther bank and at the town, and engaged us sharply with musketry and artillery. Dismounting my command, I succeeded in pressing them slowly back, aided by the fire from our artillery, which had been directed upon their lines. We charged down to the bridge over the river, and after a few shots the regiments crossed on the bridge, which had been partially torn up. An advance toward the town was then made in tow lines on each side of the road, the Fourth U. S. Cavalry and First Ohio forming the first line and the Third and Fourth Ohio the second line, the Fourth Michigan being deployed as skirmishers in front. Some little firing occurred as the lines advanced, and the command moved into Jonesborough without further opposition. I then ordered forward my led horses, mean time employing a portion of the command in destroying the railroad, burning the track at and below the town for half a mile. At dark went into camp, and rested until 11 o'clock, when I was ordered forward to the breast-works on the south side of the town, remaining here till near daylight. I then moved ut on the McDonough and Jonesborough road, covering the rear of the column, and, arriving at Pittsburgh, marched southwardly toward the railroad again, and at an early hour my rear guard (a battalion of First Ohio Volunteer Cavalry) was attacked by a force of cavalry and driven slowly back upon the column. Upon going

