
five miles to the left and crossing Chattahoochee River. July 18, marched two miles to the front, and, under your directions, went into position in line of battle and built breast-works. July 19, marched three miles to the front, and bivouacked near Peach Tree Creek. July 20, crossed Peach Tree Creek, under fire from a section of artillery which the enemy had placed near the creek some distance above. By your orders I took position in line of battle on the right of the brigade and in rear of a line of works partially built by other troops whom we relieved. I caused the works in front of my regiment to be completed and strengthened. In the action which occurred at this place my regiment was not engaged, except the portion of it upon the skirmish line, although suffering some loss from random shots. My loss was 2 killed and 5 wounded. July 22, the regiment marched with the balance of the brigade and army two miles farther in advance, and took up position in front and in sight of Atlanta, where it remained constantly under fire until August 25, when, with the balance of the brigade and division, it fell back to the railroad bridge at the crossing of the Chattahoochee River. Here, under your directions, I went into position in line of battle near the river, and caused strong works o be built in front of my regiment. On the 28th I was ordered with a small force to make a reconnaissance in the direction of Atlanta. My force consisted of five companies of the Third Wisconsin and one company of the One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers. I advanced about two miles when, meeting the enemy in small force, I was ordered to return. Loss, 1 man wounded. The enemy having evacuated Atlanta during the night of September 1, on the 2nd our forces entered the place. My regiment marched through the city and camped for the night near the Augusta railroad. My losses during the operations near Atlanta were: Killed-commissioned officers, 1; enlisted men, 4. Wounded-commissioned officers, 2; enlisted men, 19. Total, 26. Have since died of wounds, 2. I have already forwarded to you a complete list of casualties during the campaign.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM HAWLEY,

Colonel Third Wisconsin Veteran Volunteers.

Brigadier General THOMAS H. RUGER,

U. S. Volunteers.

Numbers 195.

Report of Colonel James S. Robinson, Eighty-second Ohio Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations May 1-July 24.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, 20TH CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., July 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the field movements and operations of my command since the 1st of May, 1864:

On the 2nd day of the month just named the command of this brigade devolved upon me from the hands of Brigadier-General Tyndale,

---------------

*Aggregating 1 officer and 22 men killed, 9 officers and 155 men wounded, and 5 men captured or missing.

---------------

