
to the rear and finding this battalion hard pressed, I brought the remainder of the regiment into position, ordered back the Third and Fourth Ohio Regiments, and succeeded in checking and driving the enemy. A portion of his force now appeared in my front, and between the brigade and the main column, having come in on a right-hand road; but the Fourth Ohio repulsed this demonstration, and, being then ordered forward, I marched in rear of First Brigade. Arriving near Lovejoy's, on the Atlanta and Macon Railroad, I found the advance brigade engaged with an enemy in their front, and received orders to throw forward a dismounted battalion. Before this could be accomplished the skirmish line was forced back, and I dismounted my entire command, forming a line across the field on my left, and threw up a line of rail breast-works in the rear. The firing now became heavy on both sides. The First Ohio and a portion of the Fourth repulsed the enemy, then, falling back to the breast-works, held him in check until he desisted from firing, and enabled a section of our artillery to be withdrawn from the field. The command was then ordered back to their horses, to mount. Immediately after mounting I was directed to take position in rear of First Brigade, Second Division, and to follow it out (when a general charge was made shortly after), which was done. In this charge Captain William H. Scott, of First Ohio Cavalry, inspector on my staff and a most gallant officer, was severely wounded.

The column was now marched on the road toward McDonough, my brigade covering the rear. The motion of forming and moving out was slow, and the rebel infantry now closed up on my rear, a battalion of Third Ohio. The remainder of this regiment was at once dismounted to strengthen this line. The enemy presented a formidable front, extending well to my right, and parted in heavy volleys of musketry, while his artillery opened with excellent precision upon the other regiments in column on the road. Lieutenant Bennett was in position in rear, and worked his one piece with good effect. The enemy still pressed forward with increased numbers. The Third Ohio stood well their ground, pouring repeated volleys into the enemy's ranks, and only fell back from overpowering numbers. Flushed with slight successes, the rebels now made a fierce onset, charging with their main force. In front of the Third Ohio was a declivity descending to marshy ground, and beyond this a creek. The enemy were on the farther side of this creek, and, riding by the side of Colonel Seidel, of the Third, I saw the force advancing to the creek, and directed him to hold the fire of his men, protected somewhat by breast-works, until they should cross, and then to fire rapidly and with precision. Immediately after this I observed Colonel Seidel raise his hand and motion for his regiment to fall back, the cause of this being that the enemy was coming up in heavy force on his right flank and the safety of the regiment being endangered. Just at this moment I was shot in two places, my horse having also been shot a moment before, and I was then forced to retire from the field, turning over the command to Colonel Eggleston, of First Ohio. The Third Ohio fell back, and was soon after relieved by the First Brigade. The command, all now moving forward, marched through McDonough and camped that night near Cotton River. On the morning of the 21st crossed Cotton Indian Creek, swimming the horses, and camped at night at Lithonia.

Arrived at Buck Head on the evening of the 22d.

