
during the expedition the loss in my brigade was severe, but not great, when considering the forces it engaged. The loss inflicted upon the enemy is, of course, unknown, but he probably suffered severely.

To Lieutenant Bennett and his very efficient section of artillery much credit is due, as also to the First, Third, and Fourth Ohio for their admirable behavior under all circumstances. Officers and men all did well.

Below will be found a summary of casualties during the expedition, the major part of them occurring on the 20th.

To the officers of my staff who were with me on the expedition are due my thanks for promptitude on all occasions, and for efficient aid in the field and on the march; and I would recommended to the favorable notice of the general commanding the names of Captain William E. Crane, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain William H. Scott, acting assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant E. S. Wood, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant H. H. Siverd, provost-marshal; Lieutenant J. N. Squire, ordnance officer; Lieutenant J. b. Hayden, acting commissary of subsistence, and Asst. Surg. John Cannan, medical director.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELI LONG,

Colonel Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.

[Captain R. P. KENNEDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Cavalry Division.]

Casualties.

Killed Wounded Wounded and missing

Command	 Officers	 Men	 Officers	 Men	 Officers	 Men

1st Ohio	 .......	 4	 1	 13	 ......	 ....

Volunteer

Cavalry

3rd Ohio	 1	 7	 ......	 30	 .......	 5

Volunteer

Cavalry

4th Ohio	 .......	 3	 3	 16	 ......	 ...

Volunteer

Cavalry

Total	 1	 14	 4	 59	 .......	 5

Total

Command	 Officers	 Men

1st Ohio Volunteer Cavalry	 .......	 2

3rd Ohio Volunteer Cavalry	 .......	 2

4th Ohio Volunteer Cavalry	 2	 5

Total	 2	 9

Numbers 405.

Report of Colonel Beroth B. Eggleston, First Ohio Cavlary, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIV., DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Blake's Mill, Ga., September 11, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward the following report of the operations of this command during the past campaign.

The brigade being stationed at Columbia, Tenn., marched from that place May 22, Colonel Eli Long commanding at that time and during most of the subsequent operations, but now absent from the command in consequence of wounds received. Arriving at Decatur, Ala., on the 26th, the brigade commanders reported to Major-General Blair, commanding Seventeenth Corps, and on same day a force under

