
the rebel General Roddey was encountered and driven several miles when it was completely routed, with a loss of 12 prisoners and two stand of colors, besides, wagons, horses, mules, arms, &amp;c.

On the following day Roddey's entire force was met near Courtland and driven through the town. While in camp at Moulton, Ala., on the 29th we were attacked at daylight by General Roddey with cavalry and artillery. After a severe engagement, the enemy was repulsed and driven in great disorder, his dead, 15 in number, and part of his wounded left on the field. Sixteen prisoners were taken, including 3 officers. Our casualties, 3 killed and 14 wounded. Marched forty miles same day and rejoined the Seventeenth Corps, remaining with this command until arrival at Kingston, Ga., on the 6th June. During the march we crossed Raccoon, Sand, and Lookout Mountains, our animals suffering severely for want of forage. Near Rome, Ga., a lieutenant-colonel and 16 rebel soldiers were surprised and captured. From Kingston we proceeded to Etowah bridge, thence toward Marietta. June 11, First Ohio, Colonel B. B. Eggleston, while on reconnaissance near Marietta, met a force of rebels and drove them several miles. The Third Ohio, Colonel C . B. Seidel, was sent toward Noonday Creek, found the enemy in superior force, and was obliged to fall back with a loss of 12 wounded and 2 missing. The enemy, Iverson's brigade of cavalry, had several wounded, and 1 prisoner was taken.

We now had continuous skirmishing for several days, and on the 15th attacked Wheeler's cavalry, but found him strongly intrenched and were obliged to fall back with a loss of 2 killed, 16 wounded, and 2 missing. Rebel loss not ascertained. Remained in camp near Kenesaw Mountain until the 19th, when the command moved again and drove the enemy across Noonday Creek. A junction was then made with Third Brigade, Second Division, and, the enemy making a stand, and engagement ensued, lasting several hours, without decisive result. Crossed Noonday Creek on the 23d, and the enemy at once attacked us, but was handsomely repulsed and driven back with loss.

July 3, the brigade marched to Big Shanty, and on the following day had orders to follow the enemy, who was retreating. We pursued him some four miles beyond Marietta, and next day encountered Wheeler's cavalry re-enforced with infantry. Fighting was continued at intervals throughout the day, wit heavy skirmishing. Failing to dislodge the enemy, the command was ordered back to camp. July 5, we marched toward the Chattahoochee River, and on the 8th moved to Roswell. On the following morning a regiment was sent to hold McAfee's Bridge, the remainder of the brigade being kept as a reserve, while the other brigades of the division crossed the river, opening the way to a forward movement of the army. The bridge was taken and held with slight resistance, 1 man being wounded. Remained near Roswell without active movements until the 16th, when the brigade crossed the Chattahoochee River, and on the 19th entered the town of Stone Mountain, on the Atlanta and Augusta Railroad, with the Third Brigade, driving out Dibrell's brigade of rebel cavalry. July 20, marched to Decatur, six miles east of Atlanta, and on the 21st started on a raid to Covington; burned a covered railroad bridge over the Ulcofauhachee River and about two and a half miles of track, capturing a number of prisoners, including a lieutenant-colonel. During the expedition a large amount of cotton was destroyed, and many horses

