
and mules captured. Returned to camp near Decatur on the 24th. July 27, started on a raid toward the enemy's rear, the division acting in concert with command of Major-General Stoneman. Encamped at Flat Rock, on South River, and on the following morning were attacked by a force of rebel cavalry, with artillery. After an engagement of some hours, in which our only casualties were 2 wounded and 2 captured, the enemy was driven from our front, and the command subsequently marched to Lithonia. On the 31st, started back and went into camp at Buck Head, on the left of the army. Remained inactive until the 9th [August], when a reconnaissance was made by the brigade to Decatur as a demonstration upon the enemy's right.

August 15, again went on reconnaissance to Decatur. August 17, marched with First Brigade for Sandtown, Colonel Minty, First Brigade, in command, and from Sandtown moved with Brigadier-General Kilpatrick for an attack upon the rebel lines of communication. Near Fairburn the Atlanta and Montgomery Railroad was destroyed for half a mile by the First Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, and the brigade in or rear being here attacked by a force of rebel cavalry with artillery, Colonel Long formed in the woods and attacked the enemy. They were driven from their position, and their camp temporarily occupied. The brigade being then ordered to the advance of the column, soon encountered an enemy in front and skirmished with them during the greater part of the day, driving them to Flint River, where they took possession on the farther bank. A lively action ensued, and it was some time before they could be forced back, but while the artillery played upon their works a charge was made upon them, the river was crossed, and the rebels routed. The town of Jonesborough was then entered, and the Atlanta and Macon Railroad destroyed for some distance. On the morning after, the command moved on the McDonough road, the Second Brigade having the rear. We were attacked at en early hour by a brigade of rebel cavalry. This force was finally repulsed, and the brigade, ordered forward, to follow the first. Arriving near Lovejoy's Station the command was dismounted to re-enforce the First Brigade, which had been attacked on the railroad and was being driven back. The brigade was formed in line across an open field, and breast-works thrown up in the rear. The firing was now very heavy on both sides, but the First Ohio and a portion of the Fourth Ohio at length repulsed the enemy, then fell back to the breast-works, and held him in check until his firing totally ceased, enabling a section of our artillery to be withdrawn. The command was then ordered back to their horses. Colonel Long was subsequently directed to form column and follow the First Brigade in a charge to be made upon the cavalry in our rear. This was effected without much loss, and the brigade was ordered to take the rear of the main column, when it again formed and moved toward McDonough. Before we could move out, however, the rebel infantry closed up on our rear, attacking with great vigor the line of skirmishers formed by a dismounted battalion of the Third Ohio, and shelling the columns of the other two regiments. Lieutenant Bennett, whose section of artillery had been attached to the Second Brigade during this expedition, was in position in the rear with one piece (his other having burst), and worked it with good effect. The enemy still advanced with increased numbers and pressed the Third Ohio heavily, all of that regiment being now dismounted.

