
They held their ground firmly, though suffering much, until the enemy moved a heavy force to their right, threatening to cut them off, when they were obliged to fall back. At the same time Colonel Long was wounded in two places and forced to leave the field, turning over the command to myself as next senior officer. The column was now in motion, the enemy following slowly, and we were relieved by the First Brigade.

Marched that night to Cotton River, and, on the 21st, swam our horses across the swollen waters of Cotton Indian Creek, crossed South River, and arrived at Buck Head on the night of the 22d.

The loss of the brigade during this expedition was in killed, wounded, and missing, 7 officers and 87 men, including Colonel Long and Captain William H. Scott, of First Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, inspector on the colonel's staff. The latter was severely wounded in the charge upon the rebel cavalry. The loss inflicted upon the enemy is unknown, but must have been considerable. We brought off 14 prisoners.

August 25, the command marched to Vining's Station, thence to Sandtown, where we recrossed the Chattahoochee. Continued on the left flank and rear of the army, following its movements to Jonesborough. Watched the flank of the army on its return toward Atlanta. Camped near Decatur on the 8th September, and, on the 10th, marched to Blake's Mill, near Cross Keys, where we now remain.

Since leaving Columbia the brigade's main column has marched 716 miles and has captured 151 prisoners, including 9 officers.

Below will be found a general summary of losses during the campaign:

Recapitulation of casualties: Officers-Killed, 1; wounded, 6; missing, 4. Enlisted men-Killed, 32; wounded, 124; missing, 40.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. B. EGGLESTON,

Colonel First Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.

Captain J. E. JACOBS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Command.

Numbers 406.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas J. Patten, First Ohio Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST OHIO VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Cross Keys, Ga., September 11, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the First Regiment of Ohio Volunteer Cavalry in the campaign which has just come to close:

On the 22nd of May this regiment left Columbia, Tenn., with the Second Brigade, passing through Pulaski and Elkton, Tenn., and Athens, Ala., crossing the Tennessee River at Decatur, Ala., at which place encountered Roddey's cavalry, entirely routing it, and capturing 12 prisoners, 5 wagons, and 1 regimental colors, and numerous articles of baggage. Passed through Courtland, Ala., and Moulton, at which latter place the brigade was surrounded and attacked by General Roddey's command, and, after a sharp fight, succeeded in routing the enemy. In this fight the first Ohio lost 2 men killed and 3 wounded. Thence marched through Somerville,

