
Ala, and, on the 31st, camped on Sand Mountain. Thence marched through Will's Valley, via Van Buren, crossing Lookout Mountain and marching through Big Springs Valley, via Cedar Bluff, crossed the Chattanooga River, marching up the Coosa Valley, crossing the Oostenaula, and marching, via Rome, to Kingston, Ga. Thence marched, crossing the Etowah River, and by the South Pass of the Allatoona Mountain to Acworth, Ga., where the brigade joined the division.

On the 15th of June the regiment was engaged in a severe fight at Noonday Creek with the enemy's cavalry and infantry. In this engagement the regiment sustained a loss of 1 man killed and 1 captain and 9 enlisted men wounded and 2 missing. Were engaged in several skirmishes during the remainder of the month, at the close of which were encamped in front of Kenesaw Mountain. After the evacuation of Kenesaw the regiment marched to Marietta, Ga., thence to Roswell, where the principal duty was picketing and scouting for ten days.

July 15, regiment was detailed by General Garrard, and reported to Major-General McPherson for the purpose of guarding train. Marched, in charge of train, on July 20 to Vining's Station, thence to Marietta, rejoined brigade at Buck Head, where remained some days doing picket duty.

On the 17th of August proceeded with brigade to Sandtown, and on the 18th started upon an expedition with General Kilpatrick to destroy the enemy's communications in the rear of Atlanta. On this expedition the regiment was engaged vigorously on more than one occasion. On the morning of the 20th, as the expedition was marching from Jonesborough, the regiment was attacked, being the rear guard, and for two hours was under heavy fire. Same day was engaged, dismounted, with rebel infantry and cavalry near Lovejoy's, and also in a charge, in all of which the loss was 4 killed, 13 wounded, and 2 missing. Several of the wounded have since died. Returned to Buck Head, via McDonough, Lithonia, and Decatur.

During the late move of General Sherman the regiment occupied a position on the left wing, and was not engaged, except in slight skirmishers.

The entire loss of regiment, since leaving Columbia Tenn., is 8 killed, 32 wounded, and 8 missing.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. PATTEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Colonel B. B. EGGLESTON,

Commanding Second Brigade.]

Numbers 407.

Report of Colonel Charles B. Seidel, Third Ohio Cavalry.
HDQRS. THIRD OHIO VETERAN VOLUNTEER VA.,Near Cross Keys, Ga., September 11, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of Third Ohio Veteran Volunteer Cavalry during the campaign just closed:

The regiment left Columbia, Tenn., on the 22nd day of May, 1864, and proceeded to Decatur, Ala., where we arrived on the 26th, and

