
were sent out same day in pursuit of a portion of General Roddey's command (rebel), and skirmished with them, driving them six miles, their wagon train being captured by another portion of the brigade. May 27, proceeded to Courtland, skirmishing slightly in the advance along the route. 28th, marched through Moulton, toward Somerville, and camped three miles beyond, and were attacked in our camp at 4 a. m., 29th, by Confederate force under General Roddey. After an hour and a half of fighting we drove them, aiding to capture 2 field officers, 4 line officers, and a number of enlisted men. The enemy retired to Moulton, leaving 11 killed on the field. Our loss, 1 killed and 2 wounded. Same day marched forty miles, camping ten miles southeast from Somerville, in the rear of the Seventeenth Corps, with which we marched to Rome, Ga., where we arrived on the 4th day of June. From there we proceeded to join the division (Second Cavlary), which we did on the 7th of June, near Etowah, Ga. Marched to the left of the army near Noonday Creek, and on the 11th the regiment was sent on a reconnaissance to Noonday Creek, and had an engagement with Iverson's brigade of cavalry, being repulsed with a loss of 14 killed, wounded, and missing. We fought again ont he 15th, without gaining any advantage and with no loss. On the 23rd advanced across Noonday Creek; had a skirmish with the enemy, and returned with loss of 2 wounded. No other operations until the 3rd of July, when we advanced, following the enemy on their retreat from Kenesaw Mountain. The 4th of July skirmished most of the day; loss, 1 man killed. The 14th of July the regiment left camp near Roswell,and marched to Cumming, Ga., where we arrived at 4 a. m. the 15th, but found no enemy in force; captured a large amount of tobacco and number of horses and mules, and returned to camp same day. The 16th crossed the Chattahoochee River at McAfee's Bridge, and went into camp one mile and half from it. 19th, marched to the Georgia Railroad, near Stone Mountain, Ga., and assisted in destroying the road for several miles, and returned to camp. 21st, marched to Yellow River; next day to Covington, Ga., on the Georgia Railroad, fifty miles east of Atlanta, where we destroyed the road for a distance of ten miles; met no enemy in force. 23rd and 24th, returned to Decatur, having destroyed a large amount of cotton, captured a number of prisoners, contrabands, horses, and mules. 27th, left camp and marched to Flat Rock, where the division was attacked on the 28th by a superior force and nearly surrounded. The enemy was repulsed, and we returned to Latimar's Cornrer's where we remained two days, then marched around Stone Mountain to the rear of our army in front of Atlanta.

On the 18th of August started, under command of General Kilpatrick, for the expedition to the rear of Atlanta. Left Sandtown at sundown, on the 18th, and marched all night, skirmishing most of the time. 19th, fought all day and got possession of the Macon railroad at Jonesborough, at 4 p. m.; burnt the pubic buildings and destroyed the railroad for a distance of two miles. Left Jonesborough at 3 a. m. of the 20th, and marched to Lovejoy's Station, having a brisk skirmish in the rear on the route. At Lovejoy's met the enemy in large force, cavalry, artillery, and infantry. After fighting an hour we formed in advance for brigade and charged in column of fours on the enemy in our rear, scattering them badly, and causing them to abandon one piece of artillery, which was brought off the field by our brigade (Second Cavalry); also captured a num-

