
ber of prisoners. The regiment was detailed for rear guard, the column marching toward McDonough, and was attacked by one division of rebel infantry. After fighting them an hour, losing 8 men killed, 30 wounded, and 4 missing, was relieved by a portion of the First Brigade, Second Cavalry Division. 21st, marched to Lithonia, being closely followed by the enemy until we crossed South River, where we burned the bridge, thus stopping their advance. 22d, returned to camp at Buck Head, and remained until the 25th, when we left camp and marched to Vining's Station and bivouacked. 26th, marched to a point on the Chattahoochee River opposite Sandtown.

27th, marched a short distance to the left of the army; regiment placed on picket; had a slight skirmish on the 28th; no loss; relieved at 2.30 p. m. by battalion of mounted infantry. Remained in camp until the 30th. At 3 p. m. left camp and marched to the La Grange railroad, and camped five miles from East Point and ten from Jonesborough.

September 1, marched to Macon railroad, at Rough and Ready, eleven miles from Atlanta. The regiment was sent out reconnoitering, and went five miles in direction of McDonough, but found no large body of the enemy's troops. September 4, moved camp to Mount Zion Church, on the left of the army, where we remained until the 7th, when we came to our present camp, near Cross Keys, Ga., where we arrived September 10, 1864.

The aggregate loss during the campaign is as follows: Killed, or died of wounds received in action, 1 commissioned officer, 20 men; wounded, 1 field officer, 60 men; missing in action, 2 commissioned officers, 20 men; total loss, 4 commissioned officers, 100 men.

Total number of miles traveled during the campaign, 1,021.

Believing the above to be essentially correct, I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. B SEIDEL,

Colonel, Commanding Third Ohio Veteran Volunteer Cavalry.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Military Division of the Mississippi.

Numbers 408.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Oliver P. Robie, Fourth Ohio Cavalry.
HDQRS. FOURTH OHIO VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,In the Field, September 11, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward history of the regiment during the campaign just closed:

The regiment left Columbia, Tenn., May 22, 1864, and, marching via Pulaski, Tenn., and Athens, Ala., reached Decatur, Ala., May 26, 1864. Same day had skirmish with part of General Roddey's force. 29th, at Moulton, Ala., participated in engagement with General Roddey's command; 10 men wounded there, 1 afterward dying. Accompanied General Blair's (Seventeenth) army corps to Rome, Ga., which place we reached June 4. Marched through Kingston, and reached the Second Cavalry Division June 7, 1864, near Cartersville, Ga. From June 10 to July 3 occupied position on left of army in front of Kenesaw Mountain. During that time had 1 man in front of Kenesaw Mountain. During that time had 1 man in front of Kenesaw Mountain. During that time had 1 man wounded. Marched through Marietta, Ga., and reached Roswell

