
July 8, 1864. On the 9th had 1 man wounded at McAfee's Bridge. Remained near Roswell until the 19th, when we assisted in the destruction of railroad near Stone Mountain. 20th, camped near Decatur, Ga. 21st, started on raid to Covington, Ga., which place we reached on the 22d. Returning, reached Decatur the 24th. 27th, marched to Flat Rock, where, on the 28th, we participated in a skirmish, losing 2 men missing.

Returning encamped at Buck Head, Ga., July 31, where we remained until August 18, when we joined General Kilpatrick's forces on the raid around Atlanta, at Sandtown. During this raid the regimental loss was 2 commissioned officers wounded and 2 missing, 3 men killed, 15 wounded, and 6 missing. Returning, reached Buck Head August 22, where we remained until the 25th, when the regiment accompanied the army around Atlanta, reaching Decatur September 10, 1864.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. P. ROBIE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fourth Ohio Vol. Cav.

Numbers 409.

Reports of Colonel Abram O. Miller, Seventy-second Indiana Mounted Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations June 9-August 24.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Roswell, Ga., July 13, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the brigade under my command in the operations of the division on the 9th of June, near Big Shanty:

Colonel Wilder being unwell, I was called to the command of the brigade, and at 7 a. m. the command marched from its position near Acworth, on the road leading to Marietta via Big Shanty, following the First Brigade, Colonel Minty, which had moved at 6 o'clock. Arriving at a point about one mile north of Big Shanty, I was ordered to dismount my entire force and throw it forward on foot, Colonel Minty having developed the enemy. Moving forward by the flank a short distance to an open field, on the opposite side of which were the enemy's skirmishers, I deployed the Seventeenth Indiana Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Jordan, and Ninety-eighth Illinois Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Kitchell, on the right, and the One hundred and twenty-third Illinois Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Biggs, on the left of the road, holding the Seventy-second Indiana Volunteers, Major Carr, as a reserve and support for the section of artillery of Lieutenant Bennett. This disposition made, I immediately moved forward, driving the enemy's skirmishers back through a skirt of timber to his main line, which was formed in open ground, and was protected by a heavy barricade of logs and rails. Halting my line under cover of the skirt of timber, to ascertain if my flanks were well protected, I found that it was necessary to prolong my line to the right, and, accordingly, I ordered up the Seventy-second Indiana into line on the right of the Seventeenth Indiana, and, as soon as it was into position, ordered the whole line forward and carried the enemy's line of works, he falling back to another similar line 400 yards in rear of the first. Following him up, under a galling fire, I succeeded in driving him from this line also, from which he fell back to a third line of works, on the opposite side of

