
the railroad. Here the artillery was brought into requisition, and, after shelling the enemy vigorously for twenty or thirty minutes, I again ordered my line forward, my skirmishers having gained the railroad crossing. Again the enemy was driven from his works, and retired slowly to his fourth line, 200 yards in rear of the third. Here he made a still more determined stand than at either of his former positions, but I at once ordered a charge, and the line responding promptly, carried the works, while the enemy fled precipitately, leaving his dead and wounded in my hands, and retired within his intrenchments at the base of Kenesaw Mountain.

The object of the expedition having been accomplished, I was ordered to collect my wounded and fall back, which was done in good order, and without further loss the command returned to camp.

In these successive assaults upon the enemy my brigade was handsomely supported by that of Colonel Minty, which was disposed upon my flanks.

The following is the list of casualties: Wounded, Seventeenth Indiana Mounted Infantry, 3 enlisted men; Seventy-second Indiana Mounted Infantry, 4 enlisted men; Ninety-eighth Illinois Mounted Infantry, 2 enlisted men; One hundred and twenty-third Illinois Mounted Infantry, 4 enlisted men; total wounded, 13.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. O. MILLER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain ROBERT P. KENNEDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Cavalry Division.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Roswell, Ga., July 13, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by my command in the action on Noonday Creek on June 20:

The general commanding directed that I should move camp at 3 p. m. across Noonday Creek, following the First Brigade, under command of Colonel Minty. Before the ambulance train of that brigade had crossed the creek the advance became engaged with the enemy over a mile in our front. The firing increased, and, as the bridge across the creek was a very indifferent one, and the banks and bottoms for some distance on each side were very miry and almost impassable for horses, I obtained permission from the general to cross my brigade dismounted, and at once crossed over with three regiments, viz: One hundred and twenty-third Illinois Mounted Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel J. Biggs commanding; Ninety-eighth Illinois Mounted Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel E. Kitchell commanding; Seventeenth Indiana Mounted Infantry, Captain Pinkerton commanding, was nearly all on picket duty, and the remainder of the regiment was left to guard our horses. The firing in front becoming more rapid, I formed my line as soon as possible on a ridge in the rear of where Colonel Minty was then engaged, thinking that the best ground, should we be pressed by the enemy in force. Colonel Minty soon sent back word that the enemy were flanking him on the sent to prevent it, while at the same time Major Vail, with the Seventeenth Indiana, was sent to support the right of his line. He

54 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT II

