
who had received a leave of absence on account of illness. On the same date the brigade marched from Bridgeport, Ala., where it was then stationed, to join the remainder of the division at Whiteside's, Tenn. The latter point was reached during the ensuing evening, and the brigade for the first time met its associate brigades of the new organization, known as the First Division, Twentieth Army Corps. The brigade, as at that time organized, consisted of the following regiments: Sixty-first Ohio Veteran Volunteers, commanded by Colonel Stephen J. McGroarty; Eighty-second Ohio Veteran Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel David Thomson; One hundred and forty-third New York Volunteers, Colonel Horace Boughton; Forty-fifth New York Veteran Volunteers, Colonel Adolphus Dobke; One hundred and first Illinois Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel Edward S. Salomon. The march was continued from Whiteside's on the 3d, and was pursued without being marked by any event especially important until the arrival of my command with the remainder of the division at Trickum Post-Office, on the East Chickamauga, May 7. Here the brigade was joined by the Sixty-first Ohio Veteran Volunteers, which regiment had been absent on veteran furlough since the 13th of March, 1864. The command marched again from the Trickum Post-Office at midnight of the 10th, and arrived at Sugar Valley, at the mouth of Snake Creek Gap, on the 12th. On the 13th the command was pushed forward toward Resaca, and during the afternoon formed line of battle and assisted in building a line of intrenchments near Camp Creek. On the 14th the position was shifted one mile farther to the left, where the entire division was held in reserve of the division of General Butterfield until 4.30 p. m. At that hour I was directed by the brigadier-general commanding division to move my brigade by the left flank and lead the division in marching toward the Dalton road, near which at that time the Fourth Corps was engaging the enemy. By 6.30 p. m. the head of my column reached a high wooded ridge, overlooking a narrow open valley, along which extended the main road leading to Dalton. On the farther side of he valley was another thickly wooded hill, and upon a slight knoll in the open field at our feet stood the Fifth Indiana Battery, supported by a portion of Stanley's division, of the fourth Corps. The division itself was at that time engaging the enemy some distance beyond the farther end of the valley, and from the character of the firing it was evident that General Stanley's lines were falling back; in fact that they were giving way in some disorder. By direction of General Williams I immediately formed my brigade in line of battle along the crest of the ridge parallel to and overlooking the valley. I had four regiments in front and two in rear, thus forming two lines, one in support of the other. In my first line were the One hundred and first Illinois, Eighty-second Ohio Volunteers. I had hardly gotten my command into position until the enemy swarmed out of the woods in pursuit of Stanley's men, and with defiant yells made for the battery, the infantry support of which immediately fled. The enemy came confidently on, apparently unaware of our presence. He was rapidly nearing the battery, when I was directed by the brigadier-general commanding division to precipitate my entire command into the valley, and, wheeling it upon the right flank, bring it up to the support

