
tween Lithonia and Yellow River, and also report that they are repairing and rebuilding the Yellow River bridge. The Ninety-eighth Illinois pickets sent out a patrol to the Powers' Ferry road about noon to-day, which killed a rebel lieutenant some five miles from the picket post.

I am, captain, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

A. O. MILLER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain R. P. KENNEDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 410.

Reports of Lieutenant George I. Robinson, Chicago (Illinois) Board of Trade Battery.
HDQRS. CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE BATTERY,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 23, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report to the brigadier-general, chief of artillery, the following general summary of the part taken by my battery in the recent operations under General Kilpatrick upon the enemy's communications south of Atlanta:

On the evening of the 17th instant I received orders from Brigadier-General Garrard to report with four of my guns to Colonel Minty, commanding First Brigade, Second Division Cavalry, to proceed with him to join the command of Brigadier-General Kilpatrick at Sandtown, which I did, and moved with Colonel Minty's command at 2 a. m. the 18th instant, in that direction, reaching Sandtown about 6 o'clock the same morning. Camped for the day, and at sunset moved with the combined forces. Early the next morning (the 19th) we commenced skirmishing with the enemy, which was continued during the day, the enemy giving away before us. During this day my battery was called into action to a considerable extent, doing some good work, among which was the dismounting of one of the enemy's guns, the same shot killing the gunner of the rebel piece. This day I suffered no loss or casualties. The following day (the 20th), near Lovejoy's Station, on the Atlanta and Macon Railroad, my battery was brought into action and very heavily engaged with the enemy, during which one of my guns was disabled by the breaking of the trail at the elevating screw. At this time the enemy opened a severe cross-fire of musketry upon my right flank, compelling me to retire and leave this gun upon the field; but after taking a new position with my remaining three guns, I took a detachment from my command, with the assistance of a similar body from the cavalry supporting me, went to the field, and pulled this gun off, dismounted it from its carriage (which I thoroughly destroyed) and slung the piece under its limber, but my prolongs were found not sufficient strong to hold it, and I then loaded it into one of my wagons, which I happened to have close at hand, and in this way brought it off when our troops fell back. During this engagement 2 of the enemy's guns fell into our hands, 1 of which (a 12-pounder howitzer) I brought off and now have. During the withdrawal of our forces two of my guns were placed in position to assist in covering

