
the movement, and were soon engaged with the advancing enemy, during which action one of these guns exploded, flying into fragments, rendering the carriage unserviceable, but it (the carriage) was brought off. I can attribute this explosion to no definite cause, unless the gun had been taxed beyond its capacity. It was charged at the time with a fuze shell with 2 1/2-second fuze. Having fallen back some ten or twelve miles, we came to some stream (at present unknown to me by name) over which it was found impossible to cross my wagon containing piece, owing to the very high and rapid stage of water, and the wagon was destroyed to prevent its falling into the hands of the enemy, and this gun thrown into the stream and sunk in over four feet of water.

The following is a list of casualties in my command during this expedition, viz: Killed, 1; wounded, 4; missing, 1; total, 6.

As no report has been made to your headquarters of the previous actions participated in my command, I have the honor to report the following loss during the campaign to this date, viz: Killed, 3; wounded,13; missing, 5; total, 21 men.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. I. ROBINSON,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Battery.

Lieutenant E. P. STUGERS,

Acting Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE BATTERY,Near Jonesborough, Ga., September 5, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make to the brigadier-general, chief of artillery, Department of the Cumberland, the following report of the part taken by the battery under my command during the late campaign:

On the 30th April I left Columbia, Tenn., marching with the Second Cavalry Division, Department of the Cumberland, to which my command is attached, to rejoin the army then in front of Chattanooga, arriving at Shellmound on the 7th Mat, where, by order of the brigadier-general commanding division, I was separated from the division (which there crossed the mountains) and marched to Chattanooga, where I arrived on the 8th May, leaving Chattanooga on the 9th, and rejoining the division at La Fayette, Ga., on the 10th, marching with the division on the 11th to Snake Creek Gap, and from thence took part in the demonstration on Rome, on or about the 14th May, and the skirmish at woodland, on the 18th, reaching Kingston on or about the 20th May. Crossed the Etowah River on the 23d, and was engaged with the enemy near Dallas, Ga., on the 24th. During the operations around and in front of Dallas my battery was engaged on four different days.

On June 1 it marched from near Dallas to Allatoona, across the Etowah River to Cartersville, and from thence to Acworth, where it arrived on the 8th of June. On June 9 took part in the reconnaissance toward Big Shanty and Kenesaw Mountain, where it was brought into action with effect. On June 10 moved with the division, covering the left flank of the army, to the vicinity of Noonday Creek, at and near which the battery was engaged six different days, losing 3 men wounded and a number of horses.

On July 3 advanced through Marietta toward Pace's Ferry, and on the 4th was engaged with the enemy nearly all day at Rotten-

