
wood Creek. On the 5th moved with the division to Roswell. On the 9th assisted in covering the crossing near Roswell. On the 10th moved back to Roswell. On 13th moved to Lebanon Mills. On the 16th crossed the Chattahoochee River, moving to Cross Keys. On the 17th, 18th, and 19th took part in the destruction of the Georgia Railroad, participating in the skirmishing which there took place. On the 20th moved with the division to decatur. On the 21st sent one section with the division to participate in the Covington raid, leaving two sections at Decatur, reporting to Colonel Sprague, commanding infantry brigade, and garrisoning the town. On the 22nd July this brigade was heavily attacked by the enemy, under General Wheeler, and these two sections were brought into action and did good service, for which they received the compliments of the colonel commanding. In this engagement my battery suffered a loss of 8 men severely wounded. On the 24th the division returned from the Covington raid, and the battery was again brought together. On the 26th my battery moved with the division, in connection with the command of Major-General Stoneman, to break the enemy's communication between Atlanta and Macon Railroad. On the 27th was engaged at Flat Rock, south of Atlanta some fifteen miles, but without loss on my part. July 31, my command again reached the main army, and soon after, in connection with the division, was placed in the trenches previously held by the Twenty-third Army Corps on the left of our army.

On or about the 16th August my battery, in connection with the division, was withdrawn from the trenches and camped near Peach Tree Creek. On August 17, p. m., I was ordered by the brigadier-general commanding division to report with our of my guns to Colonel R. H. Minty, commanding First Brigade, Second Cavalry Division, and proceed with his to Sandtown, to join the command of Brigadier-General Kilpatrick, where I arrived early on the morning of the 18th. On the evening of this day I moved with my command, with and under the command of General Kilpatrick, to break the enemy's communication south of Atlanta, being more or less heavily engaged with the enemy on the 19th and 20th of August, near Jonesborough and Lovejoy's Station, suffering a loss of 7 men and a number of horses, and having 2 of my guns disabled and lost to the service by the severe tax then and there put upon them, for the detail of which I would respectfully call attention to my previous report of the part taken by my command during this expedition. On the 22nd of August we again reached the army, and my battery was again brought together. Since then my battery has moved with the division to which it belongs, and which are undoubtedly well known to the chief of artillery.

I have the further honor to report that it is a gratification for me to be able to state that wherever I have encountered the enemy's artillery connected with his cavalry command have almost universally silenced it or caused it to be drawn from the field, and it is known that upon three different occasions one of his guns has been disabled by the fire from my guns, besides evidences of other serious damage has been brought to my notice. As the chief of artillery is undoubtedly familiar with the part taken by the Second Cavalry Division, he will readily appreciate the severe service that my battery was performed, as it has moved with it in all of its marches and countermarches and participated with it in all of its engagements.

