
I desire to call attention to the valuable services rendered by Second Lieutenant Trumbull D. Griffin and Second Lieutenant Henry Bennett, to whom I am largely indebted for the efficiency of the battery during the campaign.

Below please find a recapitulation of casualties during the campaign: Killed, 1; wounded (3 since died), 16; missing, 5; total, 22.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. I. ROBINSON,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Battery.

Lieutenant E. P. STRUGES,

Acting Aide-de-Camp.

Numbers 411.

Reports of Brigadier General Judson Kilpatrick, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,Ringgold, Ga., May 2, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with instructions received from headquarters Army of the Cumberland, through Brigadier-General Baird, commanding U. S. forces at Ringgold, I left my camp at 4 a. m. to-day, with the effective force of my command, to make reconnaissances in direction of Tunnel Hill. O moved through Hooker's Gap at 4.30 a. m., met the enemy one mile from Stone Church, drove him from one position after another, and, finally, from his first camp to Tunnel Hill. Here he was found in large force, occupying a strong position. The report of yesterday that the enemy had left Tunnel Hill was a mistake, although, I think, he has cavalry only, possibly some artillery, none was used. From citizens I learned that in the affair a few days since the enemy lost 3 killed, including 1 officer, and 21 wounded, besides many horses killed and disabled.

My loss to-day is 2 killed, 1 mortally and 2 severely wounded.

The men behaved well, and proved their superiority in every respect over the enemy. My picket-lines have not been disturbed for several days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain J. E. JACOBS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,Sandtown, Ga., August 23, 1864.

GENERAL: I learn from Lieutenant-Colonel Klein, and from prisoners, taken y him, that the impression at headquarters that he had done but little damage to the railroad is erroneous. He informs me that he effectually destroyed 3 miles of the road below Bear Creek Station; that he tore up the track, burned the ties, and bent the rails, that he captured a locomotive with 9 cars loaded with supplies and car wheels. He ran the train into a deep, long cut, and there burned it. He is of the opinion that the damage done to the road by his command cannot be repaired in less than four or five days. Between Bear Creek Station and Jonesborough

