
lieved by the infantry, and the command took post, on the evening of May 13, on the right of our army, then in line of battle before Resaca.

I have every reason to believe that the operations of the division from May 7 up to this date gave general satisfaction, and in the spirited engagement with the enemy's cavalry and infantry before Resaca, may 13, not only individual officers but the entire division won the respect of the grand of invasion. I reluctantly, on the evening of the 13th, resigned the command of the division, and proceed to my home in the East to recover from wounds received during the day. The command devolved on Colonel Murray, and afterward on Colonel Lowe, whose reports will fully set forth the operations of the command during my absence. I returned July 23, and resumed command of my division with my headquarters at Cartersville, with orders to protect and guard the railroad from the Etowah to Tunnel Hill. I found the command greatly improved, and learned that it had been doing good service.

I left Cartersville August 3, 1864, and encamped near Sandtown, on the Chattahoochee. On the 15th crossed the Chattahoochee, took up position on the south side, fortified, and remained in camp until 5 p. m. 15th, when, with Colonel Garrard's brigade, I crossed Camp creek, tore up portions of the railroad below Sideling, and destroyed the depot at Fairburn containing government stores. On my return scouted the country between Fairburn and the enemy's position at Sandtown. I left my camp at sandtown on the evening of the 18th instant with the Third Cavalry Division, and two brigades of the Second and two batteries of artillery, numbering 4,500 men, to attack and destroy the enemy's communications. Pickets from the Sixth Texas were met and driven across Camp Creek, and the regiment routed from its camp a mile beyond at 10 o'clock in the evening, and at 12.30 a. m. General Ross' brigade, 1,100 strong, was driven from my front in direction of East Point, and held from the road by the Second Brigade, Third Division (Lieutenant-Colonel Jones), while the entire command passed. The West Point railroad was reached, and a portion of the track destroyed at daylight. Here General Ross attacked my rear. He was repulsed, and I moved on the Fayetteville road, were I again found him in my front. He slowly retired in the direction of Jonesborough, and crossed Flint River at 2 p. m., destroying the bridge. Under cover of my artillery Colonels Minty and Long, commanding detachments from their brigades, crossed the river and drove the enemy from his rifle-pits. The bridge was repaired, and the entire command crossed and occupied Jonesborough at 5 p. m., driving the enemy's cavalry in confusion from the town. I now learned that the telegraph and railroad had been destroyed at Bear Creel Station at 11 a. m. by a portion of my command, under Lieutenant-Colonel Klein, and that General Armstrong had passed through Jonesborough in that direction at 1 p. m. For six hours my entire command was engaged destroying the road. At 11 o'clock in the evening Colonel Murray's division was attacked one mile below the town and driven back. I now suspended operations upon the road and attacked the enemy and drove him one mile and a half. Fearing an attack from the direction of Atlanta, I moved before daylight, in direction of Covington, five miles, and halted and allowed the enemy to come up; left one brigade to engage his attention, and moved rapidly in direction of McDonough, six miles, thence across the country to the Fayetteville road, and reached the railroad one mile above Lovejoy's Station at 11 a. m. on

