
the 20th instant. On attempting to move on the station I encountered a brigade of infantry - was repulsed; I and my command only saved by the prompt and daring [bravery] of Colonels Minty and Long, and Captain Estes, my assistant adjutant-general.

The enemy were finally checked and driven back with heavy loss. We captured 1 battle-flag. At this moment a staff officer from Colonel Murray informed me that a large force of cavalry, with artillery, had attacked his rear. In twenty minutes I found that i was completely enveloped by cavalry and infantry, with artillery. I decided at once to ride over the enemy's cavalry and retire on the McDonough road. A large number of my people were dismounted, fighting on foot, and it took some time to mount them and form my command for the charge. During the delay the enemy constructed long lines of barricades on every side. Those in front of his cavalry were very formidable. Pioneers were sent in advance of the charging columns to remove obstructions. Colonel Minty, with his command in three columns, charged, broke, and rode over the enemy's left. Colonel Murray, with his regiments, broke his center, and in a moment General Jackson's division, 4,000 strong, was running in great confusion. It was the most perfect rout any cavalry has sustained during the war. We captured 4 guns (3 were destroyed and 1 brought off); 3 battle-flags were taken; his ambulances, wagons, and ordnance train captured, and destroyed as far as possible; many prisoners were taken, and his killed and wounded is known to be large. My command was quickly reformed, thrown into position, fought successfully the enemy's infantry for one hour and forty minutes, and only retired when it was found that we had left only sufficient ammunition to make sure our retreat. We swam Cotton Indian Creek and crossed South River on the morning of the 21st, and reached our lines near Decatur, by way of Lithonia, without molestation, at 2 p. m. August 22. We effectively destroyed four miles of the Macon road, from Jonesborough to Bear Creek Station, a distance of ten miles. One train of cars was fully, and a second partially, destroyed. We brought into camp 1 gun, 3 battle-flags, and a large number of fresh horses and mules and about 50 prisoners. My entire loss in killed, wounded, and missing will not exceed 300 men. Two hundred of this number were killed and wounded. Only the dangerously wounded were left with the enemy.

While it is most difficult to single out instances of gallantry, I cannot close this report without mentioning to the favorable consideration of the major-general commanding, the following named officers whose gallant conduct attracted my attention on so many occasions: Colonel Minty, commanding two brigades from the Second Cavalry Division, for his untiring energy through the march, and the consummate skill displayed at the moment when we were repulsed at Lovejoy's Station, and the subsequent gallant ride of his command over the enemy's barricades, deserves immediate promotion. Colonel Long was equally distinguished, and well deserves the promotion he has received. He was twice wounded, and yet remained on the field. Captain Estes, my assistance adjutant-general, and my two aide, Lieutenants Wilson and Northrop, deserve every consideration for the great service rendered me throughout the expedition. Colonel Murray, commanding division, and the brigades of Colonels Jones and King were greatly distinguished at the charge of Lovejoy's Station. Officers were never more gallant, and skillful; men were never more brave. They well deserve a success so great.

