
August 25, I moved with my command to Steven's Cross-Roads, one miles and a half beyond Union Church; went into camp, covering the entire country in the front and the right flank of the Army of the Tennessee, which had made its first day's march with the grand army in its movement upon the enemy's communications. At 6 a. m., August 26, the command moved in advance of, and upon the right flank of, the Army of the Tennessee, masking its movements, drove the enemy's cavalry, under Brigadier-General Ross, to and beyond the railroad, and went into camp, August 27, on the right of the army and near Fairburn. In the movements upon the Macon railroad at Jonesborough my command had the advance, and, with the assistance of two regiments of infantry, the Second and Seventh Iowa Regiments, Majors [Hamill and Mahon] commanding, steadily forced the enemy back to within three miles of Renfroe Place, the cavalry moving on the right flank up to this point. Here the Ninety-second Illinois Mounted Infantry, under the direction of Captain Estes, my assistant adjutant-general, pushed in ahead of the infantry, rushed the enemy back to and across Flint River, saved the bridge, crossed and took possession of the rifle-pits beyond, a brigade of infantry having been thrown across, and pushed up the hill in direction of the station to the left of Jonesborough. I rapidly crossed three regiments of cavalry, moved in, and drove the enemy from the high hills on the right, while Captain Estes, with the Ninety-second illinois, made a daring but unsuccessful attempt to reach the railroad. This attack, made as night was closing in, and although with considerable loss, yet resulted most favorably to the success of the operations during the night and the following morning. The brigade of infantry having been pushed in well toward the station far on the left of Jonesborough, this determined attack of cavalry, dismounted, a mile to the right, with considerable skirmishing between, forced the enemy to believe that a heavy force of infantry had crossed, and there waited instead of making an attack, which might have proved disastrous. My cavalry was relieved by infantry during the night, recrossed Flint River the following morning, and moved to Anthony's Bridge, one mile and a half below. The bridge having been burned, was quickly rebuilt, and a portion of the command passed over and was pushed well in upon the enemy's flank and rear in the direction of the railroad.

During the day a daring and successful attempt was made by captain Qualman (Third Indiana Cavalry), with a portion of the Third Indiana Cavalry, to reach the railroad and telegraphed. A section of the road was torn up and one mile or telegraphed wire was brought away, with the loss of 1 man killed. At 3.30 p. m. of the same day (August 31) the enemy made a determined attack upon the infantry on my left. It seemed to be the intention of the enemy to break or turn our right flank. At first he entirely ignored my command. This I determined he should not do. Five regiments of cavalry, dismounted, were in position behind barricades directly in the flanks of the charging column. My artillery was in a most favorable position. I directed the artillery to commence firing on the advancing column of the enemy, and the cavalry upon the opposite side of the river to meet and attack him. This attack was determined and gallantly made. The enemy was forced to turn and meet it. He moved down in heavy columns, twice charged and was twice repulsed, but finally forced my people to retire from their rail barricades and across the river. A portion of the enemy succeeded in crossing, were met by the Ninety-second Illinois Mounted Infantry dismounted, and

