
16th, moved with command across a pontoon at Lay's Ferry; Fifth Kentucky, of Colonel Atkins' brigade, was placed on the right and left of General Dodge's command, skirmishing with the enemy. 17th, kept communication between General Thomas' column, moving on the Adairsville road, and that of General McPherson, on the road to McGuire's, Colonel Baldwin, with his regiment, moving in the advance of General Logan, encountering the enemy, and successfully driving him all day. 18th, moved to Adairsville; 19th, to Kingston, by a road parallel to that occupied by the moving columns of the Armies of the Cumberland and Tennessee, reporting to General Elliott, chief of cavalry, Department of the Cumberland, on Cassville road, opening communication with Major-General Hooker. 20th, moved to a point near headquarters Department of the Cumberland. 21st, turned over command to colonel Lowe. On the 18th August, with the Second and Third Brigades of the Third Cavalry Division, commanded respectively by Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, Eighty Indiana Cavalry, and Lieutenant-Colonel King, Third Kentucky Cavalry, left Sandtown. The brigade of Colonel King in the advance met the enemy's pickets at Camp Creek, driving them to Stevens' cross-Roads. Here Colonel Jones taking the advance, and from there distant about one mile we again encountered the enemy, driving them down a cross-road. Here Colonel Jones engaged them with a severe fight until the whole column passed, when he joined the rear, Colonel King's brigade again in advance of the column, driving the enemy before them. In crossing the Atlanta and West Point Railroad, Colonel jones found the enemy on our flank, who succeeded in entirely severing the column and cutting him from it. Charging through the enemy under a heavy fire of small-arms and artillery, he again it, the command of Colonel Minty taking the advance. I brought up the rear, moved with the column to Jonesborough. By direction of the general commanding the expedition, I ordered Colonel Jones to move and take position in the south part of town, afterward to move down the railroad, holding the front and watching the flank while the brigade of Colonel King destroyed the railroad. This work was done quickly and effectually for about one mile and a half. Colonel Jones found the enemy fully one mile and a half from the southern limits of the town. Here was a severe fight. King's brigade immediately prepared for action. The Fifth Kentucky joined on to Jones' left, the Ninety-second supporting Jones and the Fifth covering his right flank. The enemy were here in force, and barricaded. The darkness of the night would of itself make it difficult to dislodge even a small force. With the disposition above named my whole command advanced, and after quite a severe fight it was found impossible to dislodge the enemy. His force, as afterward ascertained and reported by Colonel Jones, was two brigades of cavalry, under Armstrong and Ross, and one brigade of infantry, under Colonel ---. The conduct of the men here was shortly of high commendation. Everything calculated to confuse men we had here to contend with - an utter ignorance of the formation of the ground, the darkness of the night, with heavy rain, and the only information of the enemy's position was gained by receiving his volleys of fire. Withdrawing, we joined the column on the McDonough road; marched till daylight, and, after feeding, moved with the column in direction of Lovejoy's, the rear of Jones' command skirmishing with the enemy's cavalry, reaching

