
Fosterville in advance. Forces under Colonel Minty were heavily engaged. King's brigade immediate formed for their support and also holding a line to his left, Jones on a commanding elevation covering our rear. Both he and King immediately barricaded their front. Jones was soon attacked heavily. With his position the enemy were kept at bay. Captain Beebe, Tenth Wisconsin Battery, here reported with his four guns to Colonel Jones. The led horses of the whole command were immediately collected to the rear of King's line. The enemy's shots, both from front and rear, covered our entire lines. General Kilpatrick ordered me to cover the withdrawal and mounting of Minty's command, which was done by King's brigade; also to hold the rear, now becoming our front, which was done by Jones, until due preparations were made to enable us to charge the enemy. Everything ready, Jones' men mounting and King's withdrawing from the enemy upon one side, but to meet him upon another. The order was given to charge, Jones' brigade charging down the road, King's on his left, when the most terrific, yet magnificent, charge ever witnessed was made. The enemy's guns opened with canister, but Beebe, true as steel, covered our onset, following Jones after our men had crossed and trampled the enemy's lines, myself charging with the advance of the Eighth Indiana; passed on to the enemy's cannon, which they held until we were within a few yards of them. No movements could have been more properly executed than they were throughout the whole charge. The saber and the horses' hoofs were about our only weapon. My command was soon massed in column in the rear. With orders, I moved for McDonough; thence to Cotton Indian Creek, where we camped that night. In the morning, by a difficult and dangerous ford, crossed that creek, moving to Lithonia, thence to Decatur, and to our old camp at Sandtown, arriving on the 23d, having made a complete circuit of Atlanta and the rebel army.

To Lieutenant-Colonel Jones and King and their brigades, and to Captain Beebe and his Tenth Wisconsin Battery, my thanks are due for their noble bearing during our various engagements and throughout the entire expedition. To my staff officers, whose duties were most arduous, I most earnestly tender my thanks.

For report of casualties, list of prisoners and guns, and enemy's battle-flags captured, see the accompanying reports. Sergeant McClure, the non-commissioned officers and orderlies with me, did well their part.

Very respectfully submitted.

E. H. MURRAY,

Colonel 3rd Kentucky Vet. Vol. Cavalry, Commanding Division.

Captain J. E. JACOBS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Command.

Numbers 413.

Reports of Colonel William W. Lowe, Fifth Iowa Cavalry, commanding Third Division, of operations June 4-July 18.

ADAIRSVILLE, June 4, 1864.

One of my scouting parties came in last night with 11 prisoners, quite a number of horses and mules and arms, and 3 rebel wagons.

