
field until his progress was checked by the sweeping fire which was poured upon him. In about twenty minutes his lines, broken and confused, withdrew to the woods, and the firing ceased. The Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers was now deployed and placed in the position previously occupied by the One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers, which regiment was relieved. The Sixty-first Ohio Veteran Volunteers was also deployed and kept in hand ready to strengthen whatever might prove to be the weakest point. These dispositions were no sooner made than the enemy again advanced to the attack. He came forward with a reckless desperation, which indicated a determination to break our line at every hazard. But his rash purposes were doomed to the same signal failure as before. He approached in heavy and well sustained force within seventy-five yards of my line, when the fire of musketry became so destructive that he again hastily withdrew, leaving dead and wounded, hundreds of small-arms, and about 20 prisoners in our hands. It was now 6.30 p. m. No further attack was made upon my lines during the evening or night. On the ensuing morning, it being discovered that the enemy had withdrawn, I sent out my pioneer corps to bury the dead of the enemy in front of my line. The officer in charge of the corps afterward reported that he buried 85 dead rebels, including 5 commissioned officers, in front of the brigade. The march in pursuit of the retreating enemy was begun at 9 a. m. on the morning of the 16th. My command crossed the Connesauga River above Resaca at 1 p. m., and encamped on the right bank of the Coosawattee at 6 p. m. The march was pursued on the 17th as far as to a point four miles east of Calhoun. On the 18th the brigade resumed is march, and arrived at 9.30 p. m. at a point near Spring Mills, and six miles east of Adarisville. At 1 p. m. on the 19th the march was continued as far as Two-Run Creek. Here the enemy's cavalry and flankers were encountered at 4 p. m., and the brigade was immediately formed in battle order. By direction of General williams, and under the personal superintendence of Lieutenant-Colonel Asmussen, of General Hooker's staff, I advanced my brigade in two lines, one in support of the other, at 5 p. m. The troops moved steadily forward over steep hills and through tangled forests and marshes, compelling the enemy to remove his light artillery and cavalry and fall back upon his infantry supports. The latter were encountered in strong force near the village of Cassville just at dusk. My command closed up ell upon the enemy and threw up a breast-work under cover of the darkness. The rebel forces withdrew during the night, and on the following day I encamped my brigade in the suburbs of Cassville.

On the 23rd of May active operations were resumed, the brief repose permitted to the army having expired. My command marched from Cassville at 5 a. m., and at 2 p. m. crossed the Etowah River near Euharlee Mills. On the 24th the brigade marched by mountain paths and by-ways to Burnt Hickory, where it encamped at 4 p. m. On the morning of the 25th the Forty-fifth New York Volunteers, was, by order of General Williams, detached from the brigade to guard the division ammunition train. (This regiment remained thus detached until June 28, and, therefore, participated in none of the subsequent operations and engagements of the brigade up to the latter date.) At 6 a. m. my command marched from Burnt Hickory and crossed the Pumpkin Creek about noon. Shortly after passing this steam, and while the column was marching on the

