
September 1, returned to the same crossing of Flint River, and barricades effectively on this side. At 11 a. m. First Brigade moved one mile to the rear, joining the Second on the Fayetteville road. Barricaded and bivouacked for the night. No casualties. September 2, 6 a. m., moved south toward Lovejoy's; First Brigade in the rear; 12 m., halted near Galss' Bridge, over Flint River. Withdrew the brigade behind a small hill to avoid the enemy's shell, which were falling in the command. At 7 p. m. barricaded to the rear and bivouacked for the night. No casualties. September 3, at 3 p. m. the brigade moved across Glass' Bridge and barricaded, resting on the right of the Army of the Tennessee. Bivouacked for the night. No casualties. September 4, lay quiet in our barricades; slight skirmishing on the picket-line. At 4 p. m. was appointed division officer of the day. Perfected and strengthened the picket-line. No casualties. September 5, at 10 a. m. drove in the rebel pickets. The brigade is detailed to cover the rear of the Army of the Tennessee as it retires. At 7 p. m. the forces were all properly disposed, and remained in position until after midnight. No casualties. September 6, the column of the First Brigade, under my immediate supervision, reached Jonesborough in rear of the Fifteenth Corps and Fourth Corps, Department of the Cumberland, about 4 a. m. That column of the brigade under Major Gaddis, Third Indiana Cavalry, reached Jonesborough in rear of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Corps about 6 a. m. Crossed Flint River due west of Jonesborough, and went into camp one mile farther west; barricaded and bivouacked for the night. At 11 p. m. sent one company to reconnoiter Renfroe Place and remain there. No casualties. September 7, at 5 a. m. brigade moved to Renfroe Place, covering the flank of the Army of the Tennessee until it passed by. Was relieved by Third Brigade at 10 a. m., and moved on the Shoal Creek Church. At 3 p. m. moved to the railroad, one mile from Red Oak. Bivouacked for the night. No casualties. September 8, moved to the vicinity of Mount Gilead Church.

Total loss in the brigade: 1 second lieutenant killed, 1 enlisted man killed, 11 wounded, and 6 missing; total loss, 19.

To the officers and men of the First Brigade I express with sincere pleasure my hearty appreciation of the courage and intelligence with which all movements and duties required were performed, and take this opportunity of returning my thanks for the assistance rendered me by the ready execution of all orders.

To Lieutenant Watson, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Ritchie, acting aide-de-camp, both of the Fifth Iowa, I am under obligations for their untiring energy and exertions. The gallant and successful undertaking of Captains Qualman and Young, Third Indiana Cavalry, is worthy of more than a passing notice, and the unfaltering manner in which the officer and men of the Fifth Iowa Cavalry marched out, knowingly, to face the unequal chance for life or death, that they might insure the safety of their comrades, demands my special mention.

Respectfully, your most obedient,

J. MORRIS YOUNG,

Major, Commanding First Brigade, Third Cavalry Division.

Captain ESTES,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Cavalry Division.

