
Report of casualties in First Brigade, Third Cavalry Division, from August 26, 1864, to September 8, 1864: Commissioned officers - killed, 1. Enlisted men - wounded, 8; missing, 9. Rebels - killed, 41; wounded, 140; missing, 4. Captured horses, 1; mules, 5; wagons, 1; destroyed wagon.

J. MORRIS YOUNG,

Major Fifth Iowa Cavalry, Commanding.

CAMP CROOKS, GA., September 8, 1864.

Numbers 416.

Report of Major Alfred Gaddis, Third Indiana Cavalry, of operations August 26-September 8.
HDQRS. LEFT WING, THIRD INDIANA CAVALRY,In the Field, Ga., September 8, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the operations of my command in the campaign in rear of Atlanta.

August 26, 1864, left camp at Sandtown at 12 p. m. with my command of 9 commissioned officers and 204 men. Marched to Camp Creek and bivouacked for the night. August 27, took the advance of division, met enemy's pickets one mile and a half south of camp Creek, charged and drove them one mile east of Stevens' Cross-Roads, and formed line of battle. Were relieved by Colonel Murray's brigade. Went into camp at Stevens' Cross-Roads for the night. August 28, advanced to New Hope Church. One hundred men, under Captain Qualman, Company K, and Lieutenant White, Company H, were detached at Stevens' Cross-Roads and sent by way of Fairburn. Encountered about forty Confederate cavalry near Fairburn. Drove them through the town, sabering one, and capturing some mules and small-arms. Had 1 man wounded. Returned to the command at New Hope Church. Laid in battle-line until next morning 9 a. m. August 29, moved out on Jonesborough road, barricaded, and returned to New Hope Church and camped for the night. August 30, advanced on the Jonesborough road, encountered enemy's pickets, skirmished with them all day, driving them across Flint River. August 31, moved down Flint River, crossed the bridge within one mile of Jonesborough, and barricaded, being in right center of division. Were attacked by infantry and compelled to fall back and recross the river, with 1 man mortally wounded, since died; 3 severely wounded, and 4 missing. One hundred picked men, under Captain Qualman, Company K, and Captain Young, Company H, were sent to cut the railroad, which was accomplished four miles south of Jonesborough; returned and went into camp.

September 1,moved out and barricaded on Fayetteville road. September 2, moved to Fayetteville and Griffin road. september 3, crossed Flint River, and barricaded on extreme right of our army. September 4, remained in barricades. September 5, moved to Fitzgerald's. September 6, formed rear guard of Fifteenth, Sixteenth, and Seventeenth Army Corps. Went into camp near Flint River. september 7, picketed on left flank of Army of the Tennessee. Sep-

