
tember 8, returned to near Mount Gilead Church and went into camp. Casualties: 1 mortally wounded, since died; 6 severely wounded, 4 missing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED GADDIS,

Major, Commanding.

Lieutenant J. W. WATSON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, Third Cavalry Div.

Numbers 417.

Report of Captain Martin Choumee, Fifth Iowa Cavalry, of operations August 26-September 8.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH IOWA CAVALRY,September 9, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with your order of September 5, I very respectfully transmit the following campaign report of Fifth Iowa Cavalry:

On the 26th of August p. m. we started from Sandtown with an effective force of three commissioned officers and eighty-two enlisted men, and on the 27th of August our regiment was on picket duty eight miles south of Sandtown. Charles Parker, Company L, left the command without permission and went back to Sandtown. On the 28th we marched forward to the West Point and Montgomery Railroad, found the rebels there, and the regiment was ordered in line of battle on the south side of said railroad; then went back in bivouac one mile north of said railroad. On the 29th sent back to Sandtown our broken-down horses and the following-named men: J. W. Patterson, Company A; Private James O. Gorman, Company C; Privates John M. Harris, Pukley, and Lindymood, of Company H. We were ordered again across the railroad, where we built barricades and formed line of battle, staying till 5 p. m.; hence we returned back to camp. The 30th we started and found the rebels two miles from camp; driving them before us to within one mile of Jonesborough, we went in bivouac there. On 31st we left early in the morning, going in a southerly direction and halted on Flint River. I then was ordered to cross said river and report with the regiment to Colonel Jones, Eighth Indiana Cavalry, for orders. Colonel Jones ordered me to go with the regiment up the road in an easterly direction toward the Atlanta and Macon Railroad, and as soon as I should find the enemy in sufficient numbers to make a feint charge upon them so as to draw their fire and thus be able to estimate their strength. Proceeding from there about 400 yards, and while the column was moving in a lane, the advance guard was fired upon by the rebels. We steadily kept advancing and about a minute after the first shots being fired the rebels opened on us with such a wintering musket fire from the right flank that I found it necessary to retreat without attempting a feint charge. I immediately gave the command "fours," "right about," "gallop," "march." This movement, owing to the narrowness of the lane and the many obstinate mules on which one-fourth of the men were mounted, was executed with some confusion. Said musket fire was poured into us from a

