
tight fence at the distance of 150 yards across an open field. In this reconnoiter the following were killed and wounded: Second Lieutenant Maguire, of Company L, mortally wounded, who expired half and afterward; Private Cousins, Company E, wounded and sent to field hospital, and Private Rose, of Company D, wounded and sent to field hospital. Immediately after my return I was ordered to recross Flint River, and after having done so I was ordered by you to send Nos. 1, 2 and 3 to assist in finishing some breast-works, upon which I ordered Lieutenant James H. Wing, of Company B, to take charge of those men and report accordingly. Two minutes after the men were sent back for their carbines to be ready to receive the enemy's charge. Your ordered me to take the led horses under cover behind a hill in our immediate rear. In coming on the assigned ground with the led horses I was ordered by an officer, whom I supposed to be in General Kilpatrick's staff, to move with the led horses into the road and to close up, which I did. We fell back for one mile and a quarter, where we were ordered to halt. Immediately after this halting part of the skirmishers came back and remounted their horses, and the regiment was ordered to form line of battle.

The following-named men were reported to me as wounded and missing: First Sergeant Seavey, Company H, wounded and missing; Private Graybill, Company B, missing; Private Murphy, Company C, wounded and missing; Private Cochran, Company H, wounded and missing, and Private Massie, Company M, missing.

On the 1st of september we built barricade half a mile west of Flint River. At 12 o'clock midday we moved two miles south, where we built other barricades, and stood under arms over night. Private Bocket, Company E, sent to hospital from there, he being sick. The 2nd we left said bivouac at 6 a. m. and moved farther south on the west side of Flint River, two platoons being sent out as skirmishers. After a lively skirmish we were ordered back half a mile, there remaining under arms through the night. On the 3rd of september the regiment was ordered out at 1 p. m.; proceeded across Flint River five miles east. Building barricades there, we remained under arms during the night. On the 4th we rested under arms. Private Rufie, Company H, Private Adams, Company C, and Sergeant Graham, Company A, were sent back to the wagon train. On 5th, at 3 p. m., we marched two mules east, and halted for two hours; then we marched two miles northeast, and halted from 8 to 11 p. m., when we marched toward Jonesborough, covering the rear of the Army of the Tennessee. On the 6th we entered Jonesborough at 3 a. m.; left at 6 a. m. and went four miles west across Flint River; built barricades and remained there under arms through the night. On the 7th we left at 5 o'clock in the morning, marched about eight miles in a northerly direction and went into camp. On the 8th we left camp at 6 a. m., marched about nine mile in a northeastern direction, halting seven miles east of Sandtown. Eight horses and mules were lost in action on the 31st day of August.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. CHOUMEE,

Captain Company F, Fifth Iowa Cavalry.

Major J. M. YOUNG,

Commanding First Brigade, Third Cavalry Division.

