
Eighth Indian, viz, Company D, Captain Stanley, and Company E, Captain Boyer, were detailed as advance guard during the night, and I think their conduct during the time is worthy of all praise. Fired on at almost every turn of the road, they charged repeatedly through the darkness without knowing or caring whether their foe numbered 1 man or 1,000. They routed and destroyed many wagon camps, and also routed a detachment of Harvey's scouts. Early the next morning these two companies charged and took the city of Newman, routing over six times their number of infantry, and I am reliably informed that over 300 of them laid down their arms and fled to the country, reporting that Newman wa taken. two railroad trains lay close by loaded with soldiers going to Atlanta. These quickly formed and drove our gallant squadron from the town. As out men retired, they were fired on from windows, from cellar-doors,and from housetops; yet, strange to say, we had but 2 men wounded and those but slightly.

At Newman I was ordered to cover the rear with the Eighth Indiana, and from this time I exercised no command over the Second Kentucky. We had some very severe skirmishing with a rebel brigade of cavalry, which was pressing our rear, but we repelled their every attack very easily. About 11 o'clock word was brought me that a heavy fight was going on with our advance about three miles southwest of Newman, and I was ordered to so dispose the Eighth Indiana (the only force left in my command) as to cover the rear and left flank of the column, and to guard those points at all hazards. I immediately disposed of my force to accomplish the desired result, and easily held the enemy in check with light skirmishing for several hours, although I was informed by prisoners and citizens that an entire division of rebel cavalry was threatening me, and indeed their force was plainly visible skirting the timber in a front of nearly two miles, completely enveloping the right, left, and rear of the column.

Late in the afternoon I was ordered to report in person to General McCook, who informed me that Colonel Harrison was missing and that [I] should succeed to this command; that our position was completely enveloped by a vastly superior force of the enemy, and he announced his attention of breaking through the enemy's lines in two columns, one of which was to be led by Colonel Croxton, who was to go out first, the other to be led by myself, and to leave the field last. He also ordered me to get my troops well in hand preparatory to such a movement and await his orders, On my return from headquarters I found that my troops had been ordered away from where I left them by some unauthorized party, and that a stampede of the mule trains and led horses of all commands had taken place, and that my command was in danger of being carried off the ground by the mob, but by the energetic co-operation of the officers I succeeded in extricating the Eighth Indian, Fifth Iowa, and a large part of the Fourth Tennessee from the rabble. I immediately ordered Major Baird, with a detachment of the Fifth Iowa, to reconnoiter a narrow wood in which the enemy had not as yet showed himself. He soon reported that he had discovered an obscure road, but could not ascertain where it led to. I determined to attempt this road and trust to Providence in finding a guide. I therefore had a bridge built across a ravine close by, and quickly massed my command and awaited my orders. About 6 p. m. General McCook joined my column with portions of the Second and Fourth Indiana,

