
and ordered the advance. We moved out at a brisk trot, and so well were our forces in hand, and so sudden the movements, that nearly one-half of the Eighth Indiana (which was in advance) got through the lines without receiving a shot, and, although the remainder of the column ran the gauntlet of a heavy fire of musketry, yet, strange to say, but 1 man was wounded, although the enemy was in some places near enough to almost touch the horses. We soon found a negro, who directed is on the road to Corinth. At New River we found that the plank had been torn up, but we hastily repaired it with rails and passed safely over, and destroyed the bridge. At Cortinth we turned to the right to Philpot's Ferry, which we reached about 11 p.,. I sent from here two companies, K and I, captains Mitchell and Scott, to destroy the only remaining bridge across New River. Our forces had but just completed the destruction of the bridge ere the enemy appeared in force on the opposite side of the river. This handsome work gave us five hours' freedom from the enemy. While we were building the raft, Captain Reeves, from information received from negroes, found perhaps the only ferry-boat remaining on the river above West Point. On this we succeeded in crossing all the men and most of the horses. Several attempts were made to swim the animals, but they were so thoroughly exhausted that the attempt had to be abandoned. Soon after daylight we were attacked by Jackson's division of cavalry, and were compelled to leave 15 men and about 200 horses and mules in his hands. The most of the animals were unserviceable.

Our direction on leaving the river was northeast to Rock Mills. At this point information was received that Anderson's brigade was crossing the river in pursuit, and as our dismounted men from previous exhaustion, from being mostly barefooted and not accustomed to walking, were unable to keep up with the column, they were ordered to march directly eastward for our lines, keeping themselves under shelter of the woods and mountains, while the main column would move directly north toward Rome and attract pursuit in that direction. We marched thence through Wedowee, Tallapoosa, Arbacoochee, Buchanan, Draketown, &amp;c., by easy marches to Marietta, where we arrived on the evening of August 3.

The results of the expedition may be summed up as follows: This command helped destroy 2 railroads; destroyed over 300 wagons (this only includes wagons destroyed by Eighth Indiana and Second Kentucky), with a vast amount of stores, capturing a large number of prisoners, mules, and horses, most of whom, however, were subsequently abandoned.

Our loss is about 200 horses and mules, and if the dismounted men succeeded in reaching our lines (of which I have but little doubt) our loss in men will not exceed 100 killed, wounded, and missing. Among the prisoners los was Colonel Harrison, one of the bravest officers and best men in the service. His loss to us at this juncture is a severe one. Doctors, Finley, Second kentucky, and Waterman and Gray, Eighth Indiana, voluntarily remained in the hands of the enemy to care for our wounded. Of those left in the hands of the enemy it is impossible, at this writing, to state the exact number killed and wounded.

My thanks are due to all the regimental commanders for their energetic co-operation and prompt obedience to my commands. I also desire to call attention to the very valuable services rendered by Captain Reeves, acting assistant adjutant-general. He is one of

