
the most energetic and valuable officers in the army, and well merits promotion, and would do honor to any position in which he might be placed. Of an iron constitution, vast energy, and dauntless courage, he made himself indispensable to the command. He was always with the advance guard, procuring guides and information which materially aided in bringing off the command. Captains Bouyer and Standly also proved themselves of the material of which good officers are made. I desire also to call attention to the services of Major Star, Second Kentucky, Majors Herring and Graham, Eighth Indiana, and Major Baird, Fifth Iowa.

Very respectfully,

F. A. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Harrison's Brigade Cavalry.

Captain LE ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Division.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,September 9, 1864.

For a history of operations of Tenth Ohio Cavalry up to the time I assumed command of this brigade, I refer you to the report of Lieutenant-Colonel Sanderson, a copy of which is herewith transmitted.

I left Nashville, Tenn., July 9, 1864, in command of the Eighth Indiana Cavalry. Was mounted at Decatur, Ala., on the 10th, on artillery horses and horses drawn from the Second Tennessee Cavalry, and was also equipped at second-hand with horse equipments drawn from Second Tennessee Cavalry. My command left behind all its camp and garrison equipage,taking only a gun blanket to the man. Left Decatur, Ala., on the Rousseau road, with 613 officers and men. Fourth and whipped General Clanton's brigade of rebel cavalry at Jackson's Ford, on the Coosa River, killing 1 officer (Clanton's assistant adjutant-general) and 20 men, wounded a large number, took 1 lieutenant-colonel, 1 major, 3 lieutenants, and 20 men prisoners of war (prisoners were paroled by General Rousseau). Fought and whipped a force sent our from Montgomery at Chehaw Station and aided in destroying 33 miles of railroad. Returned to Marietta, Ga., July 22, having traveled nearly 500 miles, with both men and animals sadly jaded. The first of the above engagements was fought by the Eighty Indiana Cavalry alone; the second it was aided by a detachment of Fifth Iowa Cavalry. The Second Kentucky Cavalry accompanied the expedition, but, so far as I know, were not engaged.

Remained two days at Marietta, and then relieved Colonel Adams' command at mouth of Sweet Water. Remained two days, and then joined General E. M. McCook for another raid. In this raid I was in command of a temporary brigade, composed of Second Kentucky Cavalry and Eighth Indiana Cavalry. Aided in the destruction of West Point railroad at Palmetto, several large wagon trains at and near Fayetteville, the Macon road at Lovejoy's, and Company A, Eighth Indiana, destroyed over 1 mile of telegraph at Lovejoy's. On the return, after crossing Glass' Bridge, across Flint River, Companies D and E, Eighth Indiana, were detailed as advance guard for a night march, during which they charged and routed Harvey's scouts and destroyed several wagon trains, and at daylight charged

