
and took the town of Newman, but were not supported, and were obliged to yield the advantages so bravely earned. July 31, my command was divided - the Second Kentucky Cavalry reported to Colonel Harrison for orders, while I held the rear of the column with the Eighth Indiana. Fought Jackson's cavalry all day, but easily held him at bay. About 11 p. m. received notice from General McCook that Colonel Harrison was captured and that I was in command of his division. Ordered me to form the command for a charge. The Second Kentucky Cavalry had already broken through the enemy's lines, and were making their way into the Federal lines. Immediately organized Fifth Iowa, Eighth Indiana, and Fourth Tennessee, with stragglers from all other regiments of the command, and reported for orders. At this time my command was the only organized force left on the field. Charged the enemy about 5 p. m., broke his line, and brought off nearly 1,200 men. Crossed the Chattahoochee at Philpot's Ferry, with a loss of 3 men wounded, and several horses belonging to the Fifth Iowa Cavalry.

Arrived at Marietta, Ga., August 4, thoroughly exhausted. For five days and nights the command got neither rest nor sleep, except such as could be obtained in the saddle or while the horses were feeding. August 6, I joined Third Cavalry Division, and assumed command of Second Brigade at Sweet Water bridge. August 18, my brigade, consisting of Eighth Indian, Major Herring; Second Kentucky, Major Star, and Tenth Ohio, Lieutenant-Colonel Sanderson, numbering in all 900 officers and men, marched with the division from Sandtown at dark. From Stevens' Cross-Roads my brigade had the advance, and the Tenth Ohio Cavalry struck the enemy's pickets about two miles from Stevens', driving them for some distance. I send forward the Eighth Indiana dismounted, who, in conjunction with the Tenth Ohio, quickly dislodged the enemy, driving him down a cross-road leading to Camp Creek, and there held him until the entire column passed, then resumed our march as rear guard. About daylight the column in my front and my own command were suddenly attacked on the left flank. I immediately formed my command for action and moved against the enemy. All were soon hotly engaged, when, to my surprise, the force at my right disappeared and the enemy had taken advantage of the break in the line and had cut me off from the main body of the command. I immediately ordered my command withdrawn, and charged through to our forces in column of fours. Lost several valuable horses and had several men wounded. Nothing of note occurred until we arrived at Jonesborough.

At dark on the evening of the 19th I received orders from Colonel Murray, commanding division, to move through the town, take up position, and await orders, Remained just outside the south limits of the town until 9 o'clock, when I received orders to move down the railroad toward Griffin, clear the front and flanks of the Third Brigade, which was detailed to tear up the railroad track. Moved down the road about a half mile, when I suddenly found myself confronted by a strong force of the enemy posted behind barricades. My advanced guard was checked, and then driven back. I dismounted the Eighth Indiana and Second Kentucky, with the Tenth Ohio on the right and in the road mounted, and the Third Kentucky dismounted on the left, and charged the barricade, but was unable to dislodge the enemy. It was dark, and we could only ascertain the position of the enemy by the line of his fire, which

