
main road to Dallas, and was about three miles distant from that place, I was suddenly ordered by General Williams to face my command about and march it to the relief of General Geary's division, which, I was informed, had encountered the enemy. I quickly reversed the direction of the march, and my brigade, having been the rear of the division, now led the advance. Recrossing Pumpkin Vine Creek, the column moved up that stream about two miles, then crossing it ascended a high wooded ridge, and continued the march along its crest. At 5 p. m. my brigade came up with Geary's division, and immediately formed in line of battle preparatory to an advance against the enemy. The Sixty-first Ohio Veteran Volunteers was deployed as skirmishers, covering the brigade front. the other four regiment, viz, the One hundred and forty-third New York Volunteers, Eighty-second Ohio Veteran Volunteers, One hundred and first Illinois Volunteers, and Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers, formed the main line from right to left, in the order named. My brigade was supported by Brigadier-general Ruger's command. Everything being ready the signal to advance was given, the troops moved forward, and the action opened immediately. My troops, I am happy to say, moved with great steadiness, and there was not the least sign of hesitation or wavering. The enemy's skirmishers were compelled to withdraw precipitately, and some of them were taken prisoners. The brigade moved steadily forward for a distance of about one mile, when it was, by order of General Williams, relieved by the brigade of General Ruger. My regiments retired by the left of companies, permitting General Ruger's to pass through, then reformed in line of battle. The fight continued about one-half hour longer, when General Ruger's ammunition getting low, the general commanding the division directed that my brigade go again to the front. The troops of my command instantly advanced to the front line and reopened their fire. The enemy swept the line with shell and canister in addition tot he musketry, thus occasioning many fearful gaps in the ranks, but not the loss to us of one inch of ground. The already depleted cartridge-boxes of the wounded and dead were resorted to. The ammunition thus obtained enabled the troops to maintain their fire until, under cover of the darkness, they were relieved. Some of my regiments went to the rear with scarcely a single cartridge remaining. During the night the troops rested upon their arms a few hundred yards in rear of the front line. They remained in this position during the 26th and 27th. On the 28th, having been directed by General Williams to report with my command to the officer having charge of the ordnance train of the army headquarters, to escort the same to Kingston and return, my brigade marched at daylight and reached Pumpkin Vine Creek, where the train was to be collected at 6 a. m. Much time was consumed in unloading and preparing the wagons, and the march could not be resumed until about 1 p. m. Stilesborough was reached on the 28th and Kingston at 3.30 p. m. of the 29th. The train was immediately loaded with ordnance, subsistence, and sanitary stores, and at 7 a. m. of the 30th was on its march back to the front. The entire command reached Burnt Hickory early on the morning of the 31st. Here the ammunition was shifted to another train and my brigade, having completed its duty as escort, rejoined the division at the point it had left it, at 6.30 p. m.

