
enveloped the Second Kentucky and Eighth Indiana in front and both flanks at point-blank range. Under orders from Colonel Murray, I withdrew my command, and joined the column on the McDonough road. Marched all night, and early next morning overtook the rear of the column, skirmishing lightly with the enemy. About 9 a. m. of the 20th arrived to within two miles of Lovejoy's, and found the head of the column heavily engaged with the enemy, while I was vigorously attacked in rear by Ross' and Armstrong's cavalry. The rear guard, under direction of Captain Lyon, acting inspector-general on my staff, barricaded the road and held the enemy in check long enough for me to form my command on an advantageous position and barricade it. Captain Beebe's battery was placed in position, covered by a barricade, and my command dismounted, was placed in line along a crest, and immediately were engaged with the enemy, easily holding him off. About noon was informed by Colonel Murray that our forces were to charge the enemy in rear, and I was ordered to mount my command and charge the road directly to the rear. Within three minutes from the time I received the orders my command was mounted and commenced the charge, with Eighth Indiana in advance, Second Kentucky and Tenth Ohio. Two companies, E and F, Eighth Indiana, charged and captured 1 piece of artillery, driving the gunners from the piece. Captain Lyon, of my staff, had his force shot while at the piece. We were unable to bring it off, as the enemy was not yet dislodged from our front. Three men were left with it, however, and remained with it until brought off. Moved back with the division to Sandtown. On the evening of the 26th of August Major Young reported to me with the First Brigade, and acted under my orders until September 7. At 11.45 p. m. August 26, in obedience to orders, I moved out, and occupied a position near Camp Creek. On the 27th advanced to Steven' Cross-Roads, and sent Captain Qualman, with 100 men, by Fairburn, to rejoin the column at or near Red Oak. He met some resistance, but, charging with the saber, drove everything before him, and rejoined the column at Ann [New] Hope Church. The Tenth Ohio was skirmishing heavily at this point all day, losing some horses and a few men wounded. On the 28th moved out on Fayetteville road two miles, to cover operations of infantry on the railroad.
On the 29th my command had the advance, and struck the enemy near --- Church, on force behind barricades. The infantry was pushed forward, and major Young wa formed on their right, with orders to charge the enemy in flank, or take any advantage the enemy might give him. One piece of artillery was placed on the left of the infantry, with the Second Kentucky as support. The enemy was quickly dislodged. At this place fell one of the noblest young spirits of our army; Lieutenant Henry Crooks, ordnance officer on my staff, fell pierced through the head by the "swift messenger of death." He was a young man of great promise, of fine talents, great energy, and correct habits, a model soldier, a thorough gentleman, and a man of unflinching and uncompromising integrity. He fell in the discharge of his duty, the soldier's death. "Death loves a shining mark," says the poet, and seldom has the "unerring shaft" reached a nobler heart. On the 31st I was ordered to cross Flint River below Jonesborough, at Whaley's Bridge, attract the enemy's attention, and send a detachment around his left and endeavor to reach the Macon railroad. Crossed the

