
river without opposition, and built barricades within three-quarters of a mile of Jonesborough, at the same time sending 100 men of Third Indian, under command of Captain Qualman, to strike the railroad. I left one section of artillery (Lieutenant clark) in position at Whaley's house, on the northwest side of the river, supported by two squadrons of Tenth Ohio. Dismounting the balance of my command, numbering about 450 men, I moved across the river and placed them in the barricades, with one company Tenth Ohio (Captain Paisley), mounted, on my right flank as vedettes. Led horses were left in rear of the battery under cover of a hill, which ran parallel with the river-bank. The position of my dismounted men was as follows: Third Indiana on the right, Eighth Indiana and Second Kentucky in the center, one company of Eighth Indiana and three companies of Tenth Ohio and Fifth Iowa (mounted) in reserve behind a second barricade. In this position we awaited the enemy's advance, but waited in vain. At length I sent the Fifth Iowa to the front to reconnoiter the enemy's position. They soon encountered a strong force in our immediate front, and retired with the loss of 1 officer killed and 1 man wounded. About 4 p. m., the enemy having massed Cleburne's division in our front, made a vigorous assault on my position. I repulsed his first charge and punished him severely, but quickly reforming, he charged me again in such numbers as to completely envelop my position. Ammunition being nearly exhausted, I withdrew to the second barricade, under a terrible fire of artillery and musketry. The enemy had two full batteries bearing on my position. If I had ammunition I could have held the second position, but it would have been at a heavy sacrifice; but being without ammunition, and learning that my led horses had been moved to the rear by order of General Kilpatrick, I withdrew to the north side of the river. The enemy did not pursue in force. About 6 p. m. Captain Qualman returned, having torn up several rods of the Macon railroad, and destroyed the telegraph. Thus I had carried out my orders in letter and spirit, although I have to confess that I had engaged the more serious attention of the enemy than I had bargained for or than was agreeable. The behavior of officers and men was admirable. During the remainder of the operations my command was principally engaged in reconnoitering and pretty skirmishing.

On the 8th of September arrived in camp at this place, where the Eighth Indiana and Second Kentucky found their baggage the first time for two months.

I cannot close this report without calling attention to the gallant conduct of Major Thomas Graham and Captain Thomas N. Baker, Eighth Indiana, in the fight with General clanton on the Rousseau laid; to Major Herring, Captains Reeves, Stanley, and Boyer, Eighth Indiana; Major Star, and Captain Park, Second Kentucky, on the McCook raid; and Lieutenant-Colonel Sanderson, Major Tahayer, Captain Norton, and Lieutenant J. M. Harkness, Tenth Ohio; Majors Herring, Graham, and Gordon, Eighth Indiana; Major Star and Captain Park, Second Kentucky, for gallantry on Kilpatrick's raid.

My thanks are also due Major Young, commanding First Brigade; Captain Qualman, Third Indiana; Major Thayer and Captain Paisley, Tenth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry; Majors Herring and Graham, Eighth Indiana; Captain Park and Lieutenant Nall, Second

56 R R - VOL XXXVIII, PT II

