
Kentucky, for soldierly conduct in the fight with Cleburne's division; August 31 Captain park was wounded in the discharge of his duty, as commanding officer of detachment Second Kentucky; is a brave, dashing officer.

I also respectfully call attention to the fact that many of the Eighth Indiana were serving overtime, and, to my knowledge, not a murmur or complaint. On the contrary, they refused to go to the rear.

To the members of my staff I owe a debt of gratitude for the promptness and zeal with which they executed my every order. Captain Lyon, acting inspector-general; Lieutenants Norvell, Stillwell, and Winters, aides, and the lamented Lieutenant Crooks, proved themselves competent staff officers. Captain Lyon and Lieutenant Stillwell will soon retire from the service, and I can truly say that the army will lose two of its finest offices, and the Second Brigade will regret their loss from our ranks, but extend to them our warmest wishes for their success in civil life.

Doctor Thompson, brigade surgeon, was very prompt in caring for the sick and wounded of my command, and has the thanks of all officers and men of the brigade.

The casualties of the command are as follows:

Killed. Wounded. Missing. Total.

Command.	 Offi	 Men.	 Offi	 Men.	 Offic	 Men.	 Offic	 Men.

 cers	 	 cers	 	 ers.	 	 ers.

 .	 	 .

8th	 ...	 4	 3	 23	 ...	 39	 3	 66

Indiana

10th Ohio	 1	 10	 1	 29	 2	 32	 4	 75

2nd	 ...	 3	 1	 1	 4	 42	 5	 5

Kentucky

Total	 1	 17	 5	 53	 6	 113	 12	 192

Have not been furnished with list of casualties of First Brigade. My command is thoroughly exhausted and sadly in need of rest.

F. A. JONES,

Lieutenant Colonel, Eighty Indiana, Commanding Brigade.

Captain ESTES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Cavalry Division.

Numbers 419.

Report of Major Thomas Graham, Eighth Indiana Cavalry, of operations August 26-September 8.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH INDIANA CAVALRY,Near Owl Rock Church, Ga., September 9, 1864.

SIR: The following report of the operations of my command is respectfully submitted:

In obedience to orders from your headquarters we marched at 11 p. m. from our camp at Sandtown, Ga., on the 27th ultimo, nothing worthy of note occurring until our arrival at Flint River, one mile and a half from Jonesborough, Ga., where we reached the evening of the 31st ultimo and halted for the night.

At 3 o'clock next morning, 1st instant, the orders came for my regiment to proceed to a bridge one mile and a half below, for the purpose of ascertaining whether or not the enemy had destroyed it;

