
also if there was a ford near by. We were soon upon the march, and, by taking a circuitous route of near five miles, we reached the point designated at 6 o'clock without meeting any opposition. We found that the enemy had retreated on this road the day previous and had destroyed the bridge after crossing. A shallow ford was found 100 yards below, and through this Companies A and B were thrown across, taking a strong position on the opposite side and barricading the road. With the remainder of my command I took up strong position and here awaited further orders, which were to hold the bridge and ford until our division came up. The enemy showed himself quite frequently, but with the exception of a few shots fired at our vedettes no attempt was made to dislodge us till further in the day, when the remainder of our brigade came up. Then our regiment was dismounted to fight, and with the balance of the brigade moved across Flint River to a point near half a mile from the river. Here we halted, built barricades, and awaited the onset of the enemy. Skirmishing was kept up in our front by Company A (which was deployed to cover our entire battalion front), until about 4 p. m., when the enemy advanced in force, compelling our skirmishers to retire to the reserve, which they did in good order, contesting every inch of ground. On the enemy came on the charge. The moment he showed himself then commenced the work of death, our boys poring in a most deadly fire, mowing down the enemy in heaps; but did not seem to retard their progress. For a few minutes their line wavered, but was soon formed, and on they came, approaching so near as to pour a heavy fire upon us from both flanks as well as the front. Still the barricade was held until their artillery opened upon us, and our ammunition being nearly expended, by order of Colonel Jones, we fell back, under a terrible fire from both artillery and musketry, which occasioned a temporary confusion, and when we reached the place at which our horses and been left and found them gone, the men became more separated, but were soon rallied when the position of the led horses was ascertained. In this encountered with the enemy our loss was small, considering the heavy fire we were under and the vastly superior numbers of the enemy. Major Herring was disabled by being struck across both legs by a rail knocked from the barricades by a solid shot. Besides him our casualties were as follows: 2 killed, 9 wounded, and 3 missing. After the engagement we were, with the remainder of the brigade, moved to the rear, where our stock of ammunition was replenished, and it was found that my command had expended nearly 5,000 rounds. These being replaced, we were moved back into camp, where were remained until 8 o'clock next morning, when we again moved to our position of the previous day, and were engaged nearly the whole time building breast-works. The next day, the 3rd instant, we crossed Flint River on --- Bridge, moving on Griffin road. At 12 o'clock we halted and were feeding, when an order came to bring forward the Eighth as soon as possible. We moved forward on the gallop, and were formed in line in rear of one piece of Captain Beebe's battery. The Ninety-second Illinois were skirmishing in our front, but we were not called upon, but were under a heavy artillery fore for a few minutes, which caused us to change the line somewhat. Here 1 man was wounded by a shell, and has since had his leg amputated. There were also 4 horses killed and 3 wounded at this place. The regiment remained in line until 8 p. m., when we were ordered to fall back and go into camp, which we reached about 9 o'clock, and with greater part of the regiment built barricades,

