
number, were in readiness to march at 11.45 p. m. August 26, and moved out of camp on the --- road, as advance guard of the column. The brigade going into camp, this detachment was ordered to picket the road, and occupied a position about half a mile south of Camp Creek. About 7 a. m. August 27 moved with the brigade to cross-roads, and were placed on picket during the day; were camped about 5 p. m., being allowed to unsaddle and sleep until 3.30 a. m. August 28, when we were ordered to saddle and stand to horse until daylight. About 7 a. m. moved with the brigade to the Atlanta and West Point Railroad, where we were placed in position to support a battery, and so remained till 12 m., when, the Seventeenth Army Corps coming up, moved with the brigade to a position on the right flank an assisted in building some barricades. About 7 p. m. were placed in camp, and remained until 3.30 a. m. August 29, when we were formed in line and remained so until 6 a. m., then being ordered to send for forage. About 9 a. m. moved with the brigade on Fayetteville road to a position some two miles south of the railroad. where we remained during the day. Returning to the north side of the railroad about 6 p. m., the detachment was dismounted and ordered to occupy some barricades. Remained in them until 7 a. m. August 30, when we were relieved by the Tenth Ohio Cavalry, and returned to camp to get breakfast. About 9 a. m. moved with the brigade on the Jonesborough road, and the advance becoming engaged, were ordered in position to support the battery; when the enemy had been driven back, moved with the brigade to Flint River, and went into camp on the north side. At 1 a. m. August 31 were ordered to report to General Howard, and placed on picket, by an officer of his staff, on the east side of the Jonesborough road. Were relieved at 11 a. m., and ordered to report to the brigade, which was then at --- bridge. Joined them about 1 p. m., and were ordered to dismount the men and take them to the south side of Flint River, where we were formed on the right of the Eighth Indiana, and assisted in building some barricades. Were attacked by a heavy force of the enemy, and Captain Park, commanding the detachment, being wounded, I assumed command, and fell back with the brigade to some barricades in the rear of first position, where were remained until our ammunition was expended, when we retired to the north side of Flint River. In rear of Colonel Murray's brigade I obtained my led horses, and moved to the rear with the brigade, forming several times in the road and getting a supply of ammunition. About dark retired to the Jonesborough road, and was ordered to camp, obtaining some forage and three days' rations. The command being reduced on account of horses having become unserviceable, I obtained permission to act as a company of the Eighth Indiana, and from this date received orders from the commander of that regiment. September 1, about 7 a.m. moved with the regiment to --- bridge, and occupied some breast-works on the north side of Flint River until about 5 p. m., when, the command being relieved by the Seventeenth Army Corps, moved with the regiment to a position about one mile and a half north of Flint River and went into camp, where I remained until 7 a. m. September 2, when I moved with the regiment on the Fayetteville road to Glass' Bridge, where I was ordered to support a piece of artillery on the right flank of our line. In regiment, and went into camp. At 7 a. m. September 3 the regiment was ordered to relieve the Ninety-second Illinois, which was guarding

