
Glass' Bridge. After taking my command to the river and remaining there a short time, I was ordered to mount and cross the river to re-enforce a picket-post. Remained on picket until 3 p. m., when I was ordered to accompany a staff officer of General Kilpatrick to the right flank of our infantry. Found the infantry about two from the river, and, going back to report, met the brigade coming up, and joined the regiment, returning to a position on the right of the infantry, going into camp, and building some barricades. Remaining in this position until September 5, about 10 p. m., when I moved with the regiment to --- bridge, where I went into camp. September 6, moved with the regiment some two miles in the direction of Atlanta, and built some barricades, and remained campbell here all day. September 7, moved with the regiment in the direction of the West Point road, making several halts during the day, and camped on the West Point railroad at night. September 8, moved with the regiment to our present camp.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CARNEAL NALL,

First Lieutenant, Second Kentucky Cav., Commanding Detachment.

[Lieutenant Colonel F. A. JONES,

Commanding Second Brigade.]

Numbers 421.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas W. Sanderson, Tenth Ohio Cavalry.

A summary of operations of the Tenth Ohio Cavalry, Second Brigade, Third Cavalry Division, from the 2nd day of May, 1864, to the 8th day of September, 1864.

On the 2nd day of May the regiment, with the division, stationed at Ringgold, Ga., advanced on a reconnaissance in the direction of Tunnel Hill, engaging the enemy along his lines in front of that position, inflicting considerable punishment, and sustaining a small loss in killed and wounded. On the 7th the regiment, with the division,marched from Ringgold by way of Nickajack Gap, the duty of the command consisting mainly in keeping open communication between Major-General McPherson's column on the right and that of Major-General Thomas, the center of the advancing army, until the 10th of May, during which time the enemy's pickets and scouts were occasionally met. On the 10th Snake Creek Gap was passed, and the command halted in Sugar Valley. On the 12th, the division advancing on the Resaca road, the regiment drove an outpost guard of the enemy from the Calhoun road, which runs parallel to the railroad and one miles and a half west of Resaca. This position was held four and a half hours by the regiment against superior numbers, when the command retired and bivouacked. On the 13th an advance was made on the same position in the same manner, the regiment driving the enemy, who resisted the advance more obstinately than on the previous day. Early in the engagement Brigadier-General Kilpatrick, commanding division, at the head of the command, received a severe gunshot wound in the thigh. The position was held until the command was relieved by a division of in-

