
fantry from the Sixteenth Army Corps. May 14, the business of keeping open communications, scouting, &amp;c., was resumed, and continued until the 19th, when a point five miles south of Kingston was reached. From this place the command returned to Adairsville, on the railroad, for the purpose of guarding the line of communication with the rear.

On the 7th of June the regiment moved to Gillem's Bridge, on the Etowah River, four miles south of Kingston, and there remained scouting, patrolling, &c., until July 3, when the command moved to Cartersville. Here the regiment was engaged in scouting by detachments, guarding communications, &c., until August 3, when the command started for the front, arriving at Sweet Water bridge on the 6th. During the 11th and 12th the command reconnoitered along the Chattahoochee River, in the direction of Campbellton, and on the 14th moved across the river to Sandtown. During the 15th and 16th a reconnaissance of the enemy's left flank was made. On the 18th the command started with the object of operating on the enemy;s lines of communication. On the morning of the 19th the enemy was encountered in considerable force at Red Oak Station, on the West Point railroad. As the Second Brigade was passing this point an attempt was made by the enemy to intersect the column, and the Tenth Ohio, being the rear regiment, only succeeded in passing after a sharp contest. At sunset of this day the command succeeded in driving the enemy from Jonesborough, on the Atlanta and Macon Railroad. On attempting to moved southward from this place, the Tenth Ohio in advance, the column came upon a strong barricade hidden by the darkness, behind which the enemy lay in strong force, and from which the advance was forced to recoil by the murderous fire they received. A second attempt to pass the point wa made with the like result, and the loss of valuable men killed and wounded. Failing to effect a passage here the command, by a rapid movement in another direction, succeeded in reaching the railroad at Lovejoy's Station. Here, however, before much had been accomplished in destroying the track, and attack was made by the enemy in heavy force, consisting of infantry, cavalry, and artillery, which succeeded in surrounding our position. A charge was ordered, and succeeded so far as to drive the enemy from his artillery, throw his cavalry into utter confusion, and enabled the command to pass on its way with little loss and in perfect order. From here the column moved by easy stages, by the way of Decatur, to the ridge of our army, and thence to Sandtown, arriving August 23. On the 27th of August at 1.30 a. m., the Tenth Ohio Cavalry, with the division, marched from Sandtown, Ga., prepared for an advance upon the enemy's lines. There being in the regiment, however, an average of but twelve rounds of ammunition at the cross-roads, three miles west of Camp Creek bridge, the command bivouacked. On the morning of the 28th the march was again resumed, and the West Point railroad crossed near Red Oak Station, the command halting near this point. The regiment was posted on the right at --- Church, and was immediately attacked by a force of dismounted cavalry, estimated at 300, and two pieces of artillery. The skirmishing continued four hours, when the command was relieved by a division of the Sixteenth Army Corps, and bivouacked near the church.

On the 29th the cavalry was engaged in reconnoitering in the direction of Fayetteville, returning for the night to the church,

