
where fifteen rounds of ammunition were received, the twelve rounds with which they had started having been nearly expended in the skirmish of the day previous. On the 30th the column advanced toward Jonesborough. At --- plantation the enemy was encountered behind strong barricades, and, after a brief engagement, was driven from his position. During this engagement First Lieutenant Henry H. Crooks was killed by a gunshot in the head while in the discharge of his duty as aide-de-camp to Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, commanding brigade. During the ensuing night the regiment picketed the junction of the Fayetteville and Jonesborough roads, four miles west of the latter place. On the 31st, having rejoined the command, an advance was made to Flint River at --- Ford. Here the Second Brigade and a part of the First were thrown across the river, and barricades hastily constructed. Scarcely had this been done when a large body of the enemy's infantry (subsequently ascertained to be Cleburne's division), with a battery of artillery, furious assaulted the feeble works. After a most determined resistance and the exhaustion of the ammunition the command retired across the stream, the men of this regiment only leaving the last barricade after the last cartridge had been fired, some even remaining without ammunition to encourage those who were more fortunate to hold the enemy in check until the main body of our troops were over the stream. This retrograde movement drew the enemy upon the lines of our infantry, by whom they were at once engaged.

During the 1st day of September the regiment was engaged in guarding approaches on the extreme right of the army. On the 2nd the command moved to a point southwest of Lovejoy's Station. From this date to the 8th no incident worthy of note occurred to the regiment, except that on the 6th, on the road from Jonesborough to Red Station, a body of the enemy's mounted scouts, numbering about 100, was encountered, who, however, offered but slight resistance to the progress of the column.

THOS. W. SANDERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Tenth Ohio Vol. Cavalry.

Numbers 422.

Report of Colonel Eli H. Murray, Third Kentucky Cavalry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,Camp Crooks, near Mt. Gilead Church, Ga., September 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor herewith to transmit a report of the operations of the Third Brigade, Third Cavalry Division, in the late summer campaign.

The brigade, composed of the Third and Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, and Ninety-second Illinois Infantry, mounted, at the moment of the commencement of the campaign was unorganized, the Ninety-second Illinois and the non-veteran portion of the Third Kentucky being the only representative, holding an exposed and extended line to the west of Ringgold, Ga. After two reconnaissances in the direction and to Tunnel Hill, resulting in heavy skirmishing, the brigade, on the 7th of May, moved with the division as the van-

