
guard of the Twentieth Army Corps, crossing Taylor's Ridge at Nickajack Trace, through Trickum, and thence to a point two miles from Buzzard Roost, skirmishing with the enemy's cavalry. Being relieve by a brigade from Major-General Hooker's command, I moved to the right, and joined the division, between the Twentieth Army Corps and Army of the Tennessee, then moving on La Fayette. The next day moved and took possession of Villanow, as also the mouth of Snake Creek Gap, six hours in advance of the Army of the Tennessee. Finding no opposition worthy of attention, maneuvering between there and the Army of the Cumberland, we afterward moved through Snake Creek Gap, encamping with the army of General McPherson; sent scouting parties, who encountered the enemy in the direction of Resaca and Tilton.

The next day, in the direction of Tilton, encountering the enemy and driving in the picket-line of the rebel General Cleburne's command, after which I withdrew to our encampment of the night before. The next day, May 13, moved with the division in the advance of the armies in the movement upon the enemy's line of communication, which resulted in the battle of Resaca. Here Colonel Baldwin, commanding the Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, joined the brigade, advancing on the main Resaca road and to a point covering the formation of the infantry lines. In this engagement the general commanding the division was wounded, and its command devolving upon me, the command of the brigade was turned over to Colonel S. D. Atkins, of the Ninety-second Illinois. (For the operations of the brigade from 13th to 21st see accompanying report of Colonel Atkins.) On the 21st turned over the command of the division to Colonel Lowe and assumed command of my brigade. Moved to Adairsville, protecting our line of communications, and from thence to a point near Kingston, on the Etowah River, scouting the south side to Rome and also the east side of the railroad. From there moved to Resaca, where our operations were highly successful. Here Lieutenant-Colonel King, commanding Third Kentucky Veteran Cavalry, joined his brigade. The frequent raids of the enemy, with the intention of breaking the road, were as often frustrated as attempted, and each time the raiders severely chastised for their impudence. While there, with the help of the good Union people as guides, we effectually destroyed the band of outlaws commanded by one Jordan, with the exception of six. The rest were all their killed or permanently disabled. The brigade then moved to Calhoun, Colonel Baldwin, of the Fifth Kentucky, to Dalton, where we were engaged until again ordered to the front. Joining the division, then at Cartersville, moved to a point opposite Sandtown, on the Chattahoochee. The command, during the time while operating along the line of our communications, did good service, resulting in killing, wounding, and capturing quite a number of the enemy. After a sojourn of several days moved with the division by means of a pontoon across the Chattahoochee at Sandtown, which resulted in driving the enemy and striking the Atlanta and West Point Railroad by Lieutenant-Colonel Klein, of the First Brigade, at Fairburn. Returning to Sandtown, we immediately prepared for the expedition, which resulted in striking the Macon railroad and the circuit of Atlanta by the cavalry command, under General Kilpatrick. Upon his assuming command of the expedition, the command of the Third Division falling upon me, Lieutenant-Colonel King, Third Kentucky Cavalry, assumed command of my

