
On the 1st of June, the army having commenced its movements to the left, my brigade marched four miles in that direction. On the 2nd the movement was continued one mile farther, and my command formed a line of battle on the left of Carlin's brigade, fourteenth Army Corps, and threw up a line of breast-works. The brigade remained in this position on the 3rd and 4th, keeping a strong line of skirmishers in front, which engaged the enemy both day and night. on the 5th, being relieved by Mitchell's brigade, of Davis' division, Fourteenth Army Corps, the movement to the left was resumed. At 3 p. m. my command encamped near the junction of the Acworth and Marietta roads five miles from Acworth. On the 6th the brigade marched again, and after proceeding about three miles, formed in line of battle, and threw up a line of breast-works. This position was changed during the afternoon, and a new line of breast-works built at a point on the Sandtown road two and a half miles north of Lost Mountain. The position of the brigade remained substantially the same until the 15th. On that date, a general advance being made, the line was thrown forward two miles on the Sandtown road. General Geary's division, having encountered the enemy, and become engaged with him in his trenches, General Williams directed me to support him with my brigade. I moved my command in line of battle up to within a few yards of Geary's line, and, as ordered by General Williams, constructed a breast-works under cover of the darkness of the evening. On the 16th, being relieved by Geary's troops, I was ordered to withdraw my command a few hundred yards, which was accordingly done.

Early on the morning of the 17th my brigade joined in the pursuit of the enemy, who had abandoned his works during the previous night. The advance continued about one and a half miles, when the enemy was again discovered in a strongly fortified position. The picket became immediately engaged with him, and the brigade formed a new line of battle, which was at once strengthened by breast-works. The position thus taken remained unchanged during the 18th. During the night, however, the enemy abandoned works of immense strength, and which, if not impregnable, seemed to have at least exhausted the last resources of military science and human ingenuity to make them so. My brigade marched in the pursuit on the morning of the 19th and went into position in front of the enemy near Kenesaw Mountain at 1 p. m. Active skirmishing immediately began, which resulted in the killing and wounding of several men of my command. At 7 a. m. on the 20th the brigade marched to the right and at 7 p. m. encamped in line of battle on Atkinson's plantation. On the 21st my line was strengthened by breast-works, the position on the left of General Knipe's brigade on the crest of a high wooded hill. The troops were concealed by the timber. My line overlooked an open field and hollow about 1,000 yards in width, on the farther side of which the rebel skirmish line was plainly visible. There was no serious demonstration in my immediate front, and no movement of my command until 5.30 p. m. About that time the enemy, having massed his forces under the concealment of the woods, suddenly debouched from the timber and advanced to assault the hill occupied by my brigade. General Knipe, on my right, had already become heavily engaged, and the enemy's masses, preceded by a strong skirmish line, came boldly forward,

