
brigade. (For the operations of the brigade during the raid see Lieutenant-Colonel King's accompanying report.) On the return of this expedition, again taking command of my brigade, and at once prepared it for the general move. At midnight of the 27th moved in the direction of the West Point railroad, taking up position on Camp Creek for the night. In the morning moved to Bethe; Church, holding a barricaded position there that night. At 7 a. m. on the morning of the 28th moved direct for the railroad, striking it at a point midway between Red Oak and Fairburn, the Third Kentucky driving the enemy's cavalry before them. My command, with a section of artillery under command of Lieutenant Stetson, Tenth Wisconsin Battery, held a position faced toward East Point. Parts of each regiment were engaged skirmishing with the enemy. Upon the arrival of the Army of the Tennessee I moved to a position on their right, barricading the line in front held by my command. On the 30th moved with the division on the Jonesborough road. The advance brigade, under command of Colonel Jones, and two regiments of infantry found the enemy strongly posted. After a brisk fight, the enemy retreating from this position, my command was ordered forward. Taking the advance of our division, I moved to the advance of the Army of the Tennessee, which had arrived on another road. By direction of the general commanding division, the Ninety-second Illinois was formed by battalions, the Third and Fifth Kentucky Cavalry in the road well closed up. The command was to moved forward and drove what was before us ere they had time to barricade themselves, the Ninety-second Illinois to break them, and the Third and Fifth prepared to charge them. Scarcely 200 yards had been passed, and emerging from the heavy woods we were then in, and but a few yards in advance of the infantry skirmish line, we found the enemy posted behind barricades. Ordered forward the Ninety-second; under a murderous fire charged and took the barricades, the enemy retreating, but taking position behind another and more formidable one but a few yards in rear of their first. The horses held by the reins, the men maintained the position, but finding it impracticable to charge these second works, mounted, and, being relieved by the infantry line, the Ninety-second was withdrawn. While here the enemy's guns shelled the whole command with little damage. Moving forward two miles with the infantry advance, and on their right flank, were subjected to a heavy fire from the enemy's guns, but owing to the formation of the ground they did us no damage. Here Lieutenant Stetson was engaged in a heavy artillery duel. After the dislodgment of the enemy we moved forward to Flint River. The bridge across that stream having been taken possession of by the Ninety-second Illinois with but little resistance, and a small command of infantry having been pushed across the river, my command crossed, pushing forward as fast as possible, and by a difficult road leading to the southwest part of Jonesborough. By direction of the general commanding division, the Ninety-second Illinois had dismounted, moved forward, and very soon were hotly engaged with the enemy's infantry. The advance of the Third Kentucky hastened to their assistance, the Fifth Kentucky following. It was just twilight. Here was a most bloody conflict, and here so well and so manfully did our men do their work, charging a hill held possession of by the enemy, and under a heavy across-fire, after ammunition was expended, holding it until ordered to withdraw; engaged thirty minutes with 200 men. They

