
lost 2 killed, and 1 officer and 21 men wounded. The part taken and the noble bearing of these men is a source of just pride, for which too much praise cannot be given them. Separated from the division, my command remained on the east side of the river, holding a line to the right of Major-General Logan's them forming. Relieved by a portion of his command at daylight next morning, recrossed the river, and, after feeding with the division, moved to Anthony's Bridge. Major Breathitt, with a battalion of the Third Kentucky, moved to a burnt bridge at the crossing of the main road from Fayetteville to Jonesborough, skirmishing and driving the enemy across the river and holding the ford. Lieutenant-Colonel King, of the Third Kentucky, with the remaining two battalions of his regiment, moved to a ford one mile and a half below Anthony's Bridge. With the Fifth Kentucky and Ninety-second Illinois I remained in reserve near Anthony's Bridge. Our division being attacked by Cleburne's division of rebel infantry, and after a most severe engagement and the entire exhaustion of ammunition on the part of our men engaged, they fell back from the bridge. My brigade then became the front, and held its position until ordered back to camp, Colonel Baldwin, of Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, covering the rear. Here the enemy had no anxiety attacking, and their demonstrations on my line were very weak. Picketing that night the scene of the engagement.

The next morning took possession of our line of barricades on the east side of the river. Remained in position at the bridge that day. With the exception of the picket-firing by the Fifth kentucky and artillery firing by Lieutenant Stetson, nothing of importance occurred that day. Being relieved by the Seventeenth Army Corps arriving at that point, I retired, going into camp on a road leading to Galss' Bridge. The next morning moved to that point, took possession and held the bridge that day, night, and also next day. Colonel Atkins, Ninety-second Illinois, rejoining his regiment, assumed command, relieving Major Woodstock, who had so efficiently commanded it during its many engagements. At this point the enemy attempted to drive us away, and brought artillery to bear upon us, but our battery proved too much for them, and drove their artillery from the position they held and from whence they had so earnestly shelled us. Their fire, however, killed several horses. The position held by Colonel Atkins with Ninety-second was such that their attempts at dislodging him were ineffectual. On the night of the 3rd my command moved in the rear and right flank of the rebel army, and joined the division on the right of the Seventeenth Army Corps near Lovejoy's Station, which position we held until the night of the 5th, when withdrawing to Flint River, at Anthony's Bridge, taking position, remained until the 7th, when, forming the rear guard of the division and army, we moved in the direction of Red Oak, with but little skirmishing by the Third Kentucky. No force followed to interrupt or observe. On the 8th Colonel Baldwin moved to the left flank of General Howard's army, to meet a regiment of rebel cavalry reported there. The remainder of the brigade moved to our present encampment near Mount Gilead. Colonel Baldwin joined the brigade September 9.

So far as regards the movements and engagement of my command this is but a meager report. It is impossible for any one not a participant to have a conception of the many marches made and successful engagements.

