
The honorable mentions I shall make and thanks to be returned are to Colonel Smith D. Atkins, Ninety-second Illinois, and through him to all his officers and men; to Colonel Baldwin, Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, and to his officers and men; and also to Lieutenant-Colonel King, and his officers and men. To Lieutenant Griffin, Company L, Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, is due much for his bold and daring conduct and reliable information.

The efficiency and zeal of my staff officers throughout the whole campaign is eminently praiseworthy. Lieutenant Stetson, Tenth Wisconsin Battery, well performed his part throughout.

For the list of casualties see the accompanying report.*

Very respectfully submitted,

E. H. MURRAY,

Colonel Third Kentucky Vet. Vol. Cav., Commanding Brigade.

Captain L. G. ESTES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 423.

Report of Colonel Smith D. Atkins, Ninety-second Illinois Mounted Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations May 13-30.
HDQRS. 92nd ILLINOIS MOUNTED INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Camp Crooks, Ga., September 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders I beg to report that on the 13th of May, 1864, immediately after General Kilpatrick was wounded, I assumed command of the Third Brigade, Third Cavalry Division, and, by order of Colonel Murray, dismounted the ninety-second Illinois Mounted Infantry Volunteers, and placed them in position to hold Smith's Cross-Roads, between Snake Creek Gap and Resaca, covering the flank of the regiment with the Fifth Kentucky Cavalry (mounted), and held the position with slight skirmishing until General Logan's corps deployed and moved forward in line. My loss, 1 man in the Ninety-second Illinois badly wounded. At 1 p. m. sent the Ninety-second Illinois to Lay's Ferry, by command of Colonel Murray, where they found the enemy posted behind earth-works, guarding the where. On the return of the Ninety-second Illinois I sent the Fifth Kentucky Cavalry to picket Lay's Ferry for the night. 14th, sent two companies of the Ninety-second Illinois Volunteers to Gideon's Ferry, and Major Wolfley, Third Kentucky Cavalry, to calhoun Ferry, and moved with balance of brigade to Lay's Ferry, and remained during day. At 5 p. m. left Ninety-second Illinois to picket for general Sweeny at Lay's Ferry, and returned to Smith's Cross-Roads and encamped. 15th, moved to near Calhoun Ferry; picketed and scouted. At night went into line behind rail barricades on road to and near Calhoun Ferry and remained until 2 a. m. of the 16th, and returned to Smith's Cross-Roads. 16th, the Ninety-second Illinois reported to General Corse and opened communication with General Garrard near Rome, Ga.; moved across pontoon at Lay's Ferry, and sent Fifth Kentucky Cavalry to report to General Logan as advance of his corps. 17th, the Fifth Kentucky still remained with General Logan; balance of command moved with the division; the Ninety-

---------------

* Not found; but see Kilpatrick's table, p. 861.

---------------

