
enemy in front of my brigade until our forces could form for the purpose of forcing their way through the enemy's lines. Preparations for this movements being completed, the Third Brigade was ordered to form for the charge. Never did men obey an order with more alacrity or determination. When the word wa given to charge they moved forward with enthusiasm, but with the utmost precision. In fifteen minutes after the charge they were in column ready for another.

To the officers and men of the brigade I returned my thanks for their gallant conduct on every occasion and for the cheerfulness with which they bore the fatigues of the march.

Respectfully submitted.

R. H. KIND,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Kentucky Cavalry, Commanding.

Lieutenant J. S. McREA,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 425.

Reports of Colonel Smith D. Atkins, Ninety-second illinois Mounted Infantry.
HDQRS. 92nd ILLINOIS MOUNTED INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Camp Crooks, Ga., September 9, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit herewith the report* of Major Woodstock, commanding my regiment from the 27th of August to the 2nd of September instant, together with the following:

I assumed command of my regiment on the 2nd of September instant, about 10 a. m., on the march to and near Glass' Bridge, over Flint River, near Lovejoy's Station, my regiment being in the advance of the division. The advance guard found a rebel picket at the bridge, which they charged and drove without loss. The bridge was so destroyed it could not be crossed and the ford obstructed with fallen trees. One company immediately forded on foot and held the road until the ford was cleared. I then forded with my regiment, sending two companies on the road to Lovejoy's Station, by command of General Kilpatrick, and moved with balance of my regiment on the road to Bear Creek Station, one mile, and halted. The companies on the lovejoy's road were met near the station and pushed back by two brigades of the enemy, under Generals Ross and Armstrong, and, by order of General Kilpatrick, I recrossed the river on a bridge that had been repaired, and threw up rail barricades and held the crossing, leaving one company on the south side of the river under Captain Van Buskirk, on Lovejoy's road, behind rail barricades. The enemy charged on that road and were repulsed by that company with a loss of several killed to the enemy; our loss, 1 man and 1 officer, Lieutenant Frost, wounded. We held the river with considerable skirmishing until dark, when we withdrew, leaving the right wing of my regiment as picket. On the 3rd remained at Glass' Bridge until nearly dark, when we covered the crossing of the division and moved as near guard to the right flank of the army north of Lovejoy's Station. On the 4th and 5th lay in camp with heavy pickets and scouts out until 7 p. m. of the 5th, when we moved as rear guard of the brigade to Anthony's Bridge, near Jonesborough,

---------------

* See p. 898.

---------------

