
and went into camp on north side at 3 a.m. of the 6th. At 7 a. m. of the 6th went into position behind barricades, covering the bridge, and after the crossing of the Seventeenth Army Corps completely destroyed it and the ford by order of General Kilpatrik. At 4 p. m. left the left wing of the regiment as picket at the bridge and again went into camp. At 6 a. m. of the 7th the picket was fired on by the enemy and their fire returned. At 8 a. m. marched in center of brigade to West Point railroad and camped. At 7 a. m. of the 8th marched at head of brigade to our present encampment.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

SMITH D. ATKINS,

Colonel Ninety-second Illinois Mounted Infantry Vols.

Lieutenant J. S. McREA,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, Third Cav. Div.
HDQRS. 92nd ILLINOIS MOUNTED INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Camp Crooks, Ga., September 10, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to orders I beg to report:

On the 7th of May, 1864, at 4 a. m., left Ringgold, Ga., marching with brigade and division on the Alabama road, crossing Taylor's Ridge at Nickajack Gap, to Trickum Post-Office, driving the rebel picket from Taylor's Ridge, and went into camp at Gordon's Gap. 8th, moved at 8 a. m. and marched to Villanow, and picketed and scouted until night, and returned to our former camp at Gordon's Gap. 9th, moved at 11 a. m. to Villanow and encamped. 10th, lay in camp until 12 m., and marched to Snake Creek Gap, and encamped after dark. 11th, lay in camp. 12th, moved at daylight on Tilton road, driving the enemy two miles, and lay in line of battle until dark, when we returned to camp, having taken 1 prisoner and killed and wounded several of the enemy. 13th, moved at daylight on road to Resaca to Smith's Cross-Roads, where General Kilpatrick was wounded; and Colonel Murray assuming command of the division, I assumed command of the brigade, and from 13th to 20th commanded brigade, of which I send a separate report. My regiment was commenced by captain Van Buskirk, whose report* is sent herewith. 20th, the Third and Fifth Kentucky Cavalry being detailed to guard ammunition train, and the Ninety-second Illinois (the only regiment left in the brigade) being detailed to proceed to Resaca to Pick up stragglers, I assumed command of the Ninety-second Illinois Volunteers and marched with it, camping at Adairsville. 21st, moved to Resaca. 22d, returned to Adairsville, where I was ordered to halt by Colonel Murray, sending on parties on all the roads traveled by the army, and picking up stragglers. Twelve only were being sick and wounded. In marching thirty miles in rear of our army, scouring the country on all the roads, I found only three stragglers. The wounded and sick were trying diligently to join their commands. This speaks volumes for the soldiers of our noble army. 22nd of May to June 7, in camp at Adairsville, picketing and scouting.

On June 7, a. m. marched one mile and a half south of Kingston and went into camp. 13th June, marched from Kingston at daylight to Resaca. Next day sent out scouting parties to Villanow,

---------------

* See p. 896.

---------------

