
CAMP 92nd ILLINOIS VOLUNTEER MOUNTED INFANTRY,

Mount Gilead Church, September 10, 1864.

In obedience to orders, I have the honor to submit the following report:

Colonel Smith D. Atkins was relieved from command of the Ninety-second Illinois Volunteer Mounted Infantry, by order of Colonel Murray, commanding brigade, on the 19th of July, 1864; I, being the ranking officer present, assumed command of the regiment. The regiment lay in camp at Resaca, Ga., during the 19th, 20th, 21st, 2d, 23d, and 24th of July. At 6 a. m. of the 25th of July we moved out from Resaca and marched to Calhoun, Ga., and went into camp. We lay in camp at Calhoun till the morning of the 2nd of August.

At 5 a. m. of the 2nd of August we moved out, and marched to Cartersville, reaching this place in the evening, and went into camp for the night, having marched thirty-five miles. On the 3rd we resumed the march, and, moving to a cree four miles south of Allatoona, on the Sandtown road, encamped for the night. On the 4th of August we marched to the Chattahoochee River, and went into camp four miles above Sandtown. We lay in camp until the 9th of August, scouting and doing picket duty. At 8 a. m. of the 9th my regiment, with the rest of the brigade, moved to Sandtown, and made demonstrations of crossing the river. Our skirmishers deployed along the river; exchanged shots with the rebels. The section of artillery of the brigade threw into Sandtown a few shells. At night we moved back a mile and went into camp. On the morning of the 10th we marched back to our old encampment. During the 10th and 11th of August we lay in camp. On the 12th we marched to division headquarters, five miles north of our encampment; there joined the rest of the division, and were reviewed by General Kilpatrick, after which we returned to camp. On the 13th, we lay in camp. On the 14th the regiment was inspected by Lieutenant G. R. Skinner, brigade inspector. At 4 a. m. of the 15th of August we moved out with the division and assisted in throwing pontoon bridge across the Chattahoochee River; crossed the river at noon, and moved in the direction of Fairburn, on the Atlanta and West Point Railroad. We encamped for the night at Bethel Church. Moved out at 6 a. m. of the 16th of August, and marched to within five miles of Atlanta and Macon Railroad, between Atlanta and East Point, in quest of Jackson's rebel division. Not finding Jackson, we returned to Sandtown, crossed the river, and went into camp. On the 17th of August we lay in camp. On the 18th we moved out on the raid around Atlanta. The part taken by our regiment in this raid i have reported, and have made full report of the movements of the regiment, while I was in command, since the 18th of August, 1864.

ALBERT WOODCOCK,

Major Ninety-Second Illinois Mounted Infantry Vols.

Lieutenant J. S. McREA, A. A. A. G., 3rd Brigadier, 3rd Cav. Div.
HDQRS. 92nd ILLINOIS VOLUNTEER MOUNTED INFANTRY,Mount Gilead Church, Ga., September 10, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Ninety-second Illinois Volunteer Mounted Infantry in the late movement upon the enemy:

The regiment moved at midnight of August 27, 1864, from Sandtown, with the rest of the division, marching in the direction of the

