
Atlanta and West Point Railroad; crossed Camp Creek; halted at Bethel Church; threw up rail barricades, and went into camp for the night. On the 28th ultimo we moved out at 7 a. m. We struck Atlanta and West Point Railroad midway between Red Oak and Fairburn. Rebel cavalry was skirmishing with our advance. I was ordered with my regiment to take possession of a certain hill near railroad and hold the same. This was done. While obeying this order Lieutenant Cooling, of Company B, was slightly wounded. We were relieved by the infantry at 11 a. m., when we took position on the right of the infantry, threw up breast-works, and went into camp. The day and night of the 29th ultimo was passed by the regiment in picketing and watching the enemy. On the 30th ultimo, at 7 a. m., the division moved out on road to Jonesborough, the Ninety-second having the advance. We skirmished with the enemy constantly, steadily driving them before us, until within seven miles of Jonesborough, near Bethsaida Church. Here we found the enemy strongly posted behind a heavy rail barricade. I was ordered to charge them with one battalion of my regiment. To do this I had to form the battalion in a dense, almost impenetrable, wood, and then pass over an open field some thirty yards in width. The charge was made by the Second Battalion. Not a man hesitated, but all went in with a yell, and poured into the enemy a deadly volley the moment they reached the barricade. The rebels fled, leaving 12 of their dead upon the ground. In this charge we lost 8 horses killed, Lieutenant Dawson, Company H, severely wounded. The regiment them moved in advance of the infantry skirmishers, driving the rebels steadily until we neared Flint River. The enemy held the bridge and east bank of the stream. The regiment dismounted, formed, and we charged the enemy on foot, driving them from the river and taking possession of the bridge. We then mounted, crossed the river, moved two miles in a southern direction, until we were near and southwest of Jonesborough. We found the enemy in line upon a hill; we were ordered to dismount and drive them from the hill. we dismounted and charged up the hill, driving the enemy from the same. They were infantry, and fell back to their breast-works, a short distance beyond. The firing was very heavy. Owing to the darkness we could not determine the strength of the enemy, but knew it to be vastly superior to ours, their fire convening upon us from a line four times the length of ours. We held the hill until our ammunition was expended and were ordered to withdraw. We lost 2 killed and 21 wounded. Among the wounded was Lieutenant Sammis, of Company D, severely.

The regiment was next engaged at Harris' Bridge, on the 31st ultimo, in which we lost 2 privates and the color corporal wounded. On the 2nd [instant] I was relieved from command of the regiment by Colonel Atkins, who that day joined us.

It is but due the regiment for me to state that both officers and men acted with a cool daring and bravery that cannot be excelled. Every order was promptly and cheerfully obeyed, and not a man flinched beneath the hottest fire we experienced.

ALBERT WOODCOCK,

Major, Commanding.

[Lieutenant J. S. McREA,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, Third Cav. Div.]

