
apparently bent upon carrying my position at every hazard. As directed by General Williams, I marched my brigade out of the woods, formed it in line of battle along the brow of the hill, and made all possible preparations to receive the enemy's expected onslaught. Lieutenant Winegar's battery (I), of the First New York Artillery, which was supported by my line, opened a vigorous fire as soon as the enemy began to advance and plunged so well directed and rapid a fire of shell against his masses. that they soon became checked and confused, and were finally compelled to withdraw. In the mean time, General Knipe's line being dangerously pressed, i was directed by General Williams to send one of my regiments to form on the left flank of that brigade, to prevent the enemy from turning it. I immediately dispatched the Sixty-first Ohio Veteran Volunteers with directions to report to General knipe and remain with his command subject to his orders. During the battle this regiment suffered considerably. Excepting this, my brigade, not being much engaged, suffered but little, and that chiefly from the enemy's shells. The fight substantially ceased at sundown, and as soon as safe to do so, I strengthened my line with breast-works. The enemy, repulsed at all points, retired, and the battle subsided into the irregular firing of the picket. The position of my brigade remained unchanged until the 3rd of July. On the 27th of June it was held in readiness to participate in the assault then made upon the enemy's works, but was not moved from its intrenchments. During the night of July 2 the enemy again retreated, leaving his fortifications in our front vacant; at 7 a. m. on the ensuing morning my command marched inside of them. The pursuit was continued about five miles, when the brigade was put in position in front of the enemy, who was again discovered strongly intrenched. On the 4th the position was slightly changed, preparatory to an anticipated advance, which, however, was not made. At 5 p. m. the command moved one and a half miles to the right and encamped. On the morning of the 5th it was discovered that the enemy had again retreated, and the troops at once began the pursuing march. Passing through a broken and wooded country by unfrequented roads and by-ways, the column came up with the enemy in his fortifications on the right bank of the Chattahoochee River at 6 p. m. The brigade was put in position along the summit of one of the series of heights skirting the river and overlooking the city of Atlanta. On the 6th of July I received an order of Major-General Thomas transferring the Forty-fifth New York Veteran Volunteers from the Third Brigade, First Division, to the Fourth Division, Twentieth Corps, and directing that the Thirty-first Wisconsin Volunteers, then at Nashville, Tenn., immediately report for duty with my brigade. At noon of the same day my command marched from its position on the height crowning the right bank of Nickajack Creek, and crossing that stream, went into position again on the right of the Fourteenth Corps. Here the troops threw up breast-works and otherwise strengthened their line. No further event occurred to mark the history of the brigade, until the night of the 9th, when the enemy disappeared form its front, having retreated over the river. The position of my command remained the same up to the 17th of July. On that day it marched, in conjunction with the other brigades of the division to Pace's Ferry and crossed the Chattahoochee River at that point. On the 18th, in obedience to an order from General Williams, I detailed the Eighty-second Ohio Veteran

