
Numbers 428.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Robert H. King, Third Kentucky Cavalry, of operations August 26-September 8.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD KENTUCKY CAVALRY,Mount Gilead, Ga., September 9, 1864.

The Third Kentucky Cavalry moved from their camp on the north side of the Chattahoochee River on the night of the 26th of August, and bivouacked near Owl Rock Church until noon of the 27th, at which time the regiment moved in the direction of the Atlanta and west Point Railroad, encamping at night in line of battle at Bethel Church.

The day following we moved on to the railroad, one battalion of the regiment, under Major Wolfley, forming the advance of the Third Cavalry Division. Major Wolfley skirmished with the enemy for several miles, driving them from and beyond the railroad. The regiment took position on the road fronting Atlanta, where they remained until the arrival of Major-General Logan with the Fifteenth Army Corps, when the command moved along the railroad in the direction of Fairburn, and took position on the road about two miles from that place, building barricades for protection. Whilst moving that point, the column was shelled by the enemy from an eminence near by. One man was slightly wounded by being struck by a piece of a shell. The regiment remained on picket duty during the night, being relieved the following morning by the Ninety-second Illinois.

We remained in camp near the railroad until the morning of the 30th, when we marched in the direction of the Atlanta and Macon Railroad, moving on the Fayetteville and Jonesborough road. After marching about six miles, the advance of the division encountered the enemy strongly posted behind barricades. My regiment was ordered forward with the rest of the brigade to support Colonel Jones' brigade, forming line for that purpose on the left of the road, in rear of the Fifth Kentucky Cavalry. In a few moments the enemy fell back about half a mile, and again took shelter behind barricades, but were soon driven from their position by the Ninety-second Illinois. At this point the command was also shelled by the enemy, doing no damage. We moved from this point, in rear of the Ninety-second Illinois, about two miles, when the advance encountered the enemy, who immediately opened fire with their battery, supported by a strong force dismounted. Lieutenant Stetson, with one section of the Tenth Wisconsin Battery, assisted by some guns on his left, soon drove them from the hill where their guns were posted. We then marched in the direction of Jonesborough, crossing Flint River about two mils from that place, taking position behind barricades near the railroad, and supported the Ninety-second Illinois, who were at the time engaged with the enemy in our front. Here we had 2 men wounded - 1, a sergeant of Company I, severely. The Ninety-second Illinois having been withdrawn, we remained here until 9 o'clock at night, when we were relieved by a brigade of infantry, and moved back near the river, where we remained during the night.

The next morning we recrossed the river, and during the morning moved in the direction of Anthony's Bridge, of Ford, on Flint River. During this march the regiment was detached from the brigade, one

