
battalion, under Major Breathitt, being sent to guard a ford on the river, at the crossing of the main Fayetteville and Jonesborough road. This battalion skirmished with the enemy during most of the day, driving them, and preventing them from crossing the river. The other two battalions were sent to guard a ford about one mile below Anthony's. We remained at these points until about 5 o'clock, when the detachments were withdrawn and joined the division, which was then falling back slowly to camp, having been for some time heavily engaged with the enemy's infantry. The next morning the regiment moved to Glass Bridge, on Flint River, where we remained in line until the night of September 3, when we crossed the river, and moved on the enemy's flank to the right of the Army of the Tennessee. We remained at this point, having built barricades for our protection, until 8 o'clock at night on the 5th, when we withdrew from the enemy's front, marched to Flint River, crossing that stream at Anthony's Bridge; camped near the river until the 7th, when we moved in the direction of Red Oak, on the West Point railroad, which road we reached during the evening, camping near it. During this day's march one battalion of the regiment, under Captain Cummings, forming the rear guard of the brigade, was annoyed slightly by a small party of the enemy. They did no damage. On the morning of the 8th we moved to our present encampment near Mount Gilead Church.

The casualties of the regiment since we left Sandtown are as follows:*

Respectfully submitted.

R. H. KING,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant J. S. McREA,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 429.

Report of Colonel Oliver L. Baldwin, Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, of operations August 26-September 8.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH KENTUCKY CAVALRY,Camp Crooks, September 9, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with instructions from your headquarters, of this date, requiring a report of the operations of my regiment during the last campaign, I have the honor to report that the Fifth Kentucky Cavalry moved, on the night of the 26th [August], from its camp at Sandtown, on the road to Fair Oaks [Red Oak] Station, and accompanied the brigade on its march, until we struck the West Point and Atlanta Railroad, without being engaged. We arrived at the above-named railroad on the morning of the 28th, when a portion of my regiment, Companies A, I, E, and D, under command of Major Cheek, were advanced down the road toward Atlanta to a large hill, which they were ordered to hold. The enemy advanced upon these companies in force, but were driven back, when they commenced an artillery fire, which, from the exposed position of my men, promised to be very destructive, and the

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 enlisted men wounded.

---------------

