
command was accordingly withdrawn beneath the brow of the hill. The remaining portion of my command was placed in position to support the section of artillery commanded by Lieutenant [Stetson]. Although my regiment suffered but little from the fire of the enemy, yet the men and horses both endured a great deal of fatigue. On the night of the 28th the regiment encamped near the West Point railroad, covering the Jonesborough road to said railroad. We remained in camp on the 29th. On the 30th brigade advanced on the Jonesborough road to Flint River. Though the regiment was frequently under fire, yet it did not become engaged during the day. That day we crossed the river and picketed the right flank of the army, supported by two regiments of General Osterhaus' command. The morning of the 31st found my men weary and tired, and my horses suffering from having remained saddled for a long period of time, yet, when ordered to march, no complaints were this single trait of character. During the afternoon of the 31st our brigade was advanced to a bridge southwest of Jonesborough, on Flint River, while my regiment was placed in position near the cross-roads, a mile in rear of the river. The fight which occurred near the river will long be remembered as the most brilliant cavalry fight in the Southwest, and not until our troops were pressed back, and the shell from the enemy's guns began falling thick and fast around us, did I think that we had been driven back. I was ordered to form my regiment in rear, which I did immediately, though the pack trains and led horses created great confusion in the road I was ordered to hold It is true my regiment was not at any time during the engagement under fire, save from artillery, yet the officers behaved as on dress parade. That night I caused barricades to be built on all the roads leading from the fords and ferry south of Jonesborough to our flanks, and was relieved from picket at a late hour.

The next morning, September 1, my regiment was advanced to the scene of the fight the day before, and picketed the road for a distance of half a mile from the river and within 400 yards for the enemy's breast-works. The history of the regiment from this period to the morning of the 8th is well known to you. We marched and countermarched, sometimes in rear and sometimes on the flanks of the enemy, but at no time succeeding in bringing him to a fight. His cavalry was evidently afraid of us; his infantry was too busy elsewhere. On the morning of the 8th I was ordered to report my command to Major-General Howard, commanding Army of the Tennessee, at Morrow's Mill. On arriving at the designated point I found the army in motion, and, by order of General Osterhaus, I moved my regiment in rear of the entire army until I arrived at General Howard's headquarters, when I received orders to camp on the left flank of his army, on the Rough and Ready road. I arrived at my camp just in time to prevent a flag of truce moving around the left flank of the army to General Howard's headquarters. On the morning of the 9th I was relieved, and reported to the colonel commanding brigade, who ordered me to encamp where I now am.

To the officers and men of my regiment I feel that more than passing praise is due, sharing all the excitement and fatigue and hardship incidental to a great campaign. At all times they were ready, and of them it may be truly said, "They did their duty."

