
No one more than myself feels the delicacy of mentioning one name above another where all did well, yet I feel constrained to return my heartfelt thanks to Major Cheek and Captain Glore, the battalion commanders of the First and Second Battalions of my regiment, respectively. They were at all times cool, energetic, and anxious to meet the enemy.

The conduct of Lieutenant Griffin, of Company L, who rendered such valuable and efficient services as a guide, skirmisher, and scout, will, of course, be properly remembered by the colonel commanding.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

O. L. BALDWIN,

Colonel Fifth Kentucky, Commanding.

Lieutenant JOSHUA S. McREA,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, Third Cav. Div.

Numbers 430.

Report of Captain Yates V. Beebe, Tenth Wisconsin Battery.
HDQRS. TENTH BATTERY WISCONSIN VOL. ARTILLERY,September 7, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with a communication from you of September 4, 1864, I have the honor to state that the Tenth Wisconsin Battery reported to General Kilpatrick for duty May 7, 1864, Special Field Orders, Numbers 125, Department of the Cumberland, May 4, 1864. On the 13th day of May, engaged the enemy about one hour at Resaca. On the 14th engaged him all day at Calhoun Ferry. In this action had 1 gun disabled, 1 limber shot to pieces, 3 horses killed and 1 man, Sergeant Catlin, badly wounded in the side, two ribs broken. May 15, one section engaged at intervals all day at ---- Ford, between Calhoun Ferry and Resaca. The company was employed in guarding railroad from Adairsville to Marietta from May 16 to August 18, when they started with General Kilpatrick on a raid. On the 19th struck the Atlanta and West Point Railroad at Red Oak about daylight in the morning. Engaged the enemy, silenced his battery, and drove him off. Struck the Atlanta and Macon Railroad at Jonesborough at 4 p. m. Engaged the enemy and drove him off. On the 20th struck the railroad again at Lovejoy's Station; engaged the enemy about 2 p. m., got surrounded, charged through General Ross; command and marched through McDonough to Cotton Indian Creek. Lost in this action and charge 3 horses killed, 1 set wheel harness for two horses and 1 set of lead harness for two horses, and 1 limber abandoned, 1 man, Michael O'Connor, missing, and 4 men slightly wounded. On the 21st marched to Lithonia Station, on the Atlanta and Augusta Railroad. The company lost on this day's march 1 wagon burned at Cotton Indian River, and 1 man, Thomas Yargan, missing, and 6 horses abandoned, so badly used up that they could not be moved with the battery at the rate the command was moving. On the 22nd marched to General Garrard's headquarters, near Atlanta. On the 23rd marched to Sandtown. On the 27th marched to Camp Creek. On the 28th engaged the enemy at Red Oak, silenced his battery, and drove him off. Corporal McCarty was

