
severely wounded in the right arm. On the 30th, at 10 a. m., engaged the enemy about six miles east of Red Oak and drove him two miles; engaged him again and drove him three miles, and engaged him again and drove him into Jonesborough. On the 31st of August moved to burnt bridge, on Flint River, about one mile and a half southwest of Jonesborough. At 1 p. m. commenced shelling the enemy with one section. At 3 p. m. General Cleburne's division charged us and the whole battery was brought into action. We held the position until our ammunition was exhausted, when the whole command fell back. In this action 1 piece was disabled and 2 horses killed.

On the 1st of September the battery went back to burnt bridge and shelled the enemy at intervals until 3 p. m. On the 2nd day of September moved about six miles to Glass' Bridge. Abut 2 p. m. engaged the enemy, silenced his battery, and drove him off. On the 3rd day of September moved about five miles and went into camp near Lovejoy's Station on the right of the Seventeenth Army Corps. On the 5th day of September fell back to burnt bridge. On the 7th of September the enemy threatened us again at burnt bridge. We sent him eight fuse shells with our compliments, bade him good bye, fell back to Red Oak, and on the 8th day of September we arrived at this place.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Y. V. BEEBE,

Captain Tenth Wisconsin Volunteer Artillery.

Lieutenant E. P. STURGES,

A. A. D. C., Hdqrs. Chief of Arty. Dept. of the Cumberland.

Numbers 431.

Reports of Major General Lovell H. Rousseau, U. S. Army, of raid from Decatur, Ala, to the West Point and Montgomery Railroad (July 10-22) and the Wheeler raid.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TENNESSEE,Nashville, Tenn., August 10, 1864.

GENERAL: I respectfully submit the following report of the expedition for the destruction of that part of the West Point and Montgomery Railroad between Opelika and Chehaw Station, Ala.:

On the 30th ultimo [June] I received instructions from Major General W. T. Sherman, copies of which accompany this report, to take 2,500 good cavalry, and go myself or send a good officer in command, and destroy the West Point and Montgomery Railroad from a point opposite Tuskegee to Opelika. On so hazardous an undertaking I greatly desired to have with me officers and men whom I knew to be of tried courage and efficiency to insure the success of the expedition. I selected portions of the Eighth Indiana Cavalry, Colonel Harrison; Second Kentucky, Colonel Watts; Fourth Tennessee, Major Stephens; Ninth Ohio, Colonel Hamilton, and the Fifth Iowa, Lieutenant-Colonel Patrick. Most of these troops, except the Fourth Tennessee, were dismounted, and much difficulty was found in obtaining horses, and I was forced to take horses from other regiments. I also took with me a section of 10-pounder Parrott guns of the First Artillery, under Lieutenant Wightman. The

