
Greensport. At the same time Major Graham, who had crossed with his detachment at the ferry, was ordered to proceed down the east side of the river to the same ford. Immediately after leaving the ferry he met the enemy in considerable force, posted to prevent his advance, and heavy skirmishing ensued. The enemy appearing to have a strong position a re-enforcement of 100 men was sent across the ferry to Major Graham, and afterward Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, of the Eighth Indiana, also crossed with the remaining part of his regiment, half a mile below the ferry, at a ford pointed out by a negro who guided an orderly across with dispatches from Major Graham. Major Graham in the mean time pressed vigorously upon the enemy, and succeeded in routing them before the arrival of the re-enforcements sent to his support. Whilst the skirmishing was going on the main portion of the command marched to the ford, and on attempting to cross the advance was met by a severe fire from the enemy posted on the east bank, sheltered behind rocks and trees. Lieutenant-Colonel Patrick deployed the Fifth Iowa and Fourth Tennessee on two islands, from which they kept up a vigorous fire, and held the positions until Major Graham succeeded in driving the enemy from the road leading from the ferry toward the ford, and causing a precipitate retreat of the force opposing our passage of the ford. The enemy's force consisted of the Sixth and Eighth Alabama Cavalry, with militia, under command of Brigadier-General Clanton. Their loss, nearly as could be ascertained, was 15 killed, 40 wounded, and 8 taken prisoners. General Clanton's acting adjutant-general, Captain Abercrombie, and a Captain Moore were among the killed, and Lieutenant-Colonel Lary and Major McWhorter, of the Sixth Alabama, were captured. The only casualty in my command was the wounding of 1 man of the Eight Indiana Cavalry. Major Graham and his command behaved with great gallantry and fought effectively, as the enemy's loss testified. I learned from guides that the ford we crossed was the one by which General Jackson effected the passage of the Coosa on his march to Talladega during his campaign against the Creek Indians in 1813. Five miles beyond the Coosa River and extensive iron furnace, which was furnishing valuable material to the enemy, was destroyed, under the direction of Captain E. Ruger, of my staff. Owing to the heat of the weather and the character of the roads, the artillery was unable to move with the necessary rapidity, and I accordingly ordered one of the guns to be dismounted, the trunions broken off, and the carriage and caisson destroyed, which was effectually done, and the horses attached to the remaining gun and caisson.

On the 15th I reached Talladega, where about 100,000 rations of sugar and salt, 20,000 rations of flour and bacon, and a quantity of other commissary stores were captured. The command was supplied with what was required, and the remainder destroyed. Two gun factories, several railroad cars, and the railroad depot were also destroyed. The latter contained a large quantity of leather, with grain, sacks, flour, wheat, salt, and cotton. One hundred and forty-three rebel soldiers were found in the hospital at Talladega, and were paroled. The railroad bridge across the Coosa River, twenty miles from Talladega, might have been reached and destroyed during the night, being defended, as I learned, by but a small force, and I was strongly inclined to destroy it, as I had been to destroy several iron furnaces not far from my route, but adhering to a determination, formed before starting, to proceed as rapidly as possible to the accomplishment

