
Volunteers to accompany a reconnaissance, under Colonel Carman, of the Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers, to Island Creek. the reconnoitering party encountered and engaged the enemy's cavalry early in the forenoon, but no serious loss occurred to the regiment from my command. The brigade marched at 2.30 p. m., and crossing Nancy's Creek, encamped near Buck Head. Here it remained until the evening of the 19th, when it marched ont he road leading to Atlanta, and encamped at 8.30 p. m. on the north bank of Peach Tree Creek. Early on the morning of the 20th my command crossed peach Tree Creek, and ascended the chain of hills skirting the left bank. It being understood that the line was to be pushed forward and the enemy pressed during the day, care was not taken to put the troops regularly into position or to intrench the line. The picket was pushed forward far enough to feel the enemy and discover his whereabouts. No special precaution was taken against an attack, for none was anticipated. At 2 p. m., however, a heavy discharge of musketry was heard in the direction of General Geary's division. The storm quickly rolled along toward the right, and it became suddenly apparent that the enemy was advancing in heavy force. Preparation was immediately made to meet him. At the instance of General Williams, I marched my brigade by the right flank at double-quick time along the crest of the hill, then formed in lien of battle and moved a short distance down the eastern face of the hill into the timber. This movement was not fully executed when the enemy opened a heavy fir of musketry upon my line, and received a similar compliment in return. The battle at once grew fierce and bloody, a portion of my troops becoming mingled with those of the enemy in an almost hand-to-hand conflict. The One hundred and forty-third New York, Eighty-second Ohio, Sixty-first Ohio, and One hundred and first Illinois Volunteers, being in my front line, before the brunt of the attack. The Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers was formed a short distance in rear, and in support of the other regiments. The first onslaught of the enemy was finally repulsed, and he sullenly withdrew a short distance, still, however, maintaining a considerable fire. In the mean time the battle grew very warm along General Knipe's line on my right. I was directed by General Williams to send two regiments to re-enforce General Knipe's brigade, and in compliance with the order at once dispatched the One hundred and first and Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers. These two regiments reported to General Knipe, and remained with his command during the remainder of the battle. The fifth continued to rage with irregular fury until sundown, when the enemy, being repulsed at all points, withdrew his forces. I regret to say that this sanguinary engagement cost my brigade many valuable officers and men. It would be invidious to mention names where all alike performed their part so nobly. Never was the hardihood and temper of my entire command more completely and thoroughly tested. The battle was sprung upon it at an unexpected moment, and with a fury not hitherto exceeded in the annals of the campaign. Yet officers and men sprang with alacrity to the post of duty and danger, and met the shock of battle with a courage, promptitude, and determination that ought to command the most lasting and exalted admiration. On the 21st my brigade was joined by the Thirty-first Wisconsin Volunteers, over 700 strong, from Nashville. The position of the troops remained the same as on the evening of the previous day, except that it was covered by a line of defensive works. On the 22d,

