
give full employment to Forrest, and I will keep Johnston fully employed, and Major-General Canby will look out for the Mobile garrison. When you reach the road do your work well; burn the ties in piles, heat the iron in the middle, and when red hot let the men pull the ends so as to give a twist to the rails. If simply bent, the rails may be used, but if they are twisted or wrenched they cannot be used again. In returning you should take the back track, and, if pursued, turn for me or for Rome or Kingston or Allatoona. Be sure to take no wagons, but pack some led horses. Travels early and late in the day, but rest at midday and midnight. Spare your horses for the first week, and keep the horses ready for the return trip. I think the only force in your route is Pillow's, about Oxford or Jacksonville or Gadsden. We are down to the Chattahoochee, and will soon be across. All is well with us.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

FRANKLIN, September 2, 1864.

We have driven the enemy off from a point two and a half miles below this, after a fight with his whole force. Our cavalry only was engaged, the infantry being unable to come up; it has worn out, and many dropped, in a manner, dead. Colonel Brownlow wounded in a charge; wound in thigh and a flesh wound only. The force of the enemy, as exhibited here to-day, shows 6,000 at the least, perhaps more. We are out of ammunition, and must wait for it. Without the infantry, now worn out, I cannot fight Wheeler successfully without more men. If ammunition be sent on the railroad to this place we can get it, I hope, in time to pursue to-night. After the fight to-day the enemy went down pike to Columbia. He tried desperately to turn our left flank, and was fairly whipped back, when he left and went off. Infantry cannot run after raiders and catch them. With the infantry and artillery I can whale Wheeler out of his boots. Our loss is considerable, though not heavy. I have sent out a force to follow the rebels and make demonstrations on them. General Steedman is at La Vergne with 3,500 infantry, and tenders me assistance. I have directed him to return to Stevenson, and come up on the Louisville and Nashville Railroad to attack Wheeler from that direction. I will inform you what amount and kind of ammunition I require as soon as received from the regiments.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

Brigadier General J. D. WEBSTER, Chief of Staff.

Numbers 432.

Reports of Major General George Stoneman, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry, Army of the Ohio, of operations May 7, July 13-15, and July 27-August 6.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY COMMAND,May 8, 1864.

GENERAL: I have to state that yesterday about 9.30 a.m ., and soon after I had relieved McCook's pickets and taken up a position

