
on Newton's left and advance, the enemy's cavalry attacked my line, from Varnell's Station all along south, having previously driven in my outposts on the Dalton and Cleveland pike. My first line, extending from Varnell's Station along the ridge west of the railroad, held their position until 2.30 p. m., when the left was driven in by a large force of infantry, which got possession of the road leading to Lee's and Ringgold. General Newton having refused his left, and taken up a new position about one mile and a half to my rear, and having repulsed the attack of the enemy on my main force, I received information from Generals Howard and Newton, through the signal station, that led to the supposition that the enemy was making for Ringgold. I sent one regiment to that point, three to Tunnel Hill Gap, on the Varnell's Station and Ringgold road, and moved with the other two back to a position on Newton's left, and in this position dark found us. During the night I pushed one of the regiments at Tunnel Hill Gap out to Varnell's Station. At daylight this morning, having received information from General Howard that it was supposed the enemy had evacuated, I started the force with me along the railroad toward Dalton, the force at Tunnel Hill Gap, via Varnell's Station and Red Bluff, to cover the country in the direction of Spring Place and Holly Creek. The force at Ringgold will be ordered to Dalton direct, to act as occasion may require. My pack trains have all been sent to Dalton, so that we act unencumbered. We lost during the day (yesterday) not more, I think, than 30 killed and wounded, and but few prisoners, and those scouts. The wonder to me is that, with the large force of cavalry and infantry, they did not eat up my little 2,000. Another thousand came up yesterday, so that I now have with me all I started with. I had many fears for the safety of my rear regiments, but all got through safe and in good condition, and will try and keep them so.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General.

[Major-General SHERMAN.]

MOORE'S BRIDGE, GA., July 13, 1864.

GENERAL: By taking a roundabout way, and by unfrequented roads, our parties succeeded in capturing or cutting off every scout the enemy had out. We surprised the guard at the bridge (the First Tennessee Cavalry), and drove them from the bridge before they had time to set fire to the straw and pine-knots prepared for its conflagration. The Eleventh Kentucky Cavalry had the advance, under Colonel Adams, and did the thing handsomely. The bridge had been partially destroyed by tearing up the sleepers and planks, but we will have it repaired during the night. It is a covered structure, very well built, 480 feet long, on two main spans. One of the couriers we captured came down on this side of the river, bore a message to the commanding officer here that the Yankees were coming in large force, and that he must hold the bridge at all hazards, and that re-enforcements were on the way. This point is twenty-five miles from Campbellton. There is another bridge at Franklin, twenty-five miles lower down. Newnan, on the railroad, is ten miles from here, and I understand the road leads through dense woods. We will try what we can do to-morrow morning as soon as it is light. I can hear

