
fear, is either taken prisoner or wounded. Colonel Biddle, Colonel Butler, Major Thompson, and Major Soper were all the field officers who were included in the surrender. It is impossible for me to state the number of officers of the line who were included in the surrender, or how many of those who escaped from the battle-field will get into our lines.

Major Buck and Lieutenant-Colonel Mix, of the Eighth Michigan, escaped from the battle-field, also Colonel Capron, Lieutenant-Colonel Jenkins, Major Davidson, and Major Quigg, of the Fourteenth Illinois, and Lieutenant-Colonel Matson and Major Smith, of the Sixth Indiana. They were all with Colonel Capron, and none have yet come in but Lieutenant-Colonel Jenkins, and they are all, no doubt either taken prisoners, or killed or wounded.

The disaster to the command would have been comparatively small had not the misfortune, already detailed, occurred to Colonel Capron and his command, when we were so near home and so near out of danger.

I am, major, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. SMITH,

Lieutenant Colonel and Asst. Insp. General, Cav. Corps, Dept. of the Ohio.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARIETTA, August 8, 1864.

Colonel Capron himself and six men came in this morning, also Captain Bell, of the Eleventh Kentucky Cavalry, who was left on the battle-field on the 31st; both came on foot.

SMITH.

Major CAMPBELL.

Numbers 434.

Report of Major Haviland Tompkins, Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry, Provost-Marshal, of operations July 27-August 6 (Stoneman's raid).

MARIETTA, GA., August 12, 1864.

At the request of Major-General Schofield I have the honor to make the following report of facts of Major-General Stoneman's late raid on Savannah and Macon Railroad, coming within my own knowledge:

Left camp near Decatur, Ga., 3 p. m. 27th of July, with about 1,800 men; halted two hours, and fed at Covington on morning of 28th. Colonel Adams, with his brigade, was sent to Mechanicsburg, on the Ocmulgee River, to watch movements of enemy, and to communicate with the general at Monticello in the evening. The general, with command, arrived at Monticello in the evening at dark. No communication from Colonel Adams at 12 o'clock; became impatient; sent party to communicate, and order his command to join main column on road to Macon. At Monticello, in the evening, the general received the first information that there were no bridges over the Ocmulgee River. His information, and on which his movements were based, was that there were three bridges north of Macon over this river. His plan was now changed to destroy the Savannah and

