
the enemy having fallen back during the night previous, my command advance one and a quarter miles directly toward Atlanta and formed a new line, the right of which rested upon the road by which the advance was made. A strong breast-work, covering the line,w as immediately constructed under fire of the enemy's artillery and sharpshooters. The position thus assumed remained unchanged until the 24th instant, at which date, owing to severe illness, I was compelled to request the brigadier-general commanding division to relieve me temporarily from command. The request was promptly granted, and Colonel Horace Boughton, of the One hundred and forty-third New York Volunteers, assumed command of the brigade.

I cannot close this report without expressing my high appreciation of and sincere thanks for the gallantry, ability, and hearty spirit of co-operation displayed by the commanders of the regiments of my brigade throughout the period of my command. Their names and regiments, to mention which affords me mingled pride and pleasure, are as follows: Colonel S. J. McGroarty, Sixty-first Ohio Veteran Volunteers; Colonel H. Boughton, One hundred and forty-third New York Volunteers; Colonel F. H. West, Thirty-first Wisconsin Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel D. Thomason, Eighty-second Ohio Veteran Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel E. S. Salomon, Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel J. b. Le Sage, One hundred and first Illinois Volunteers, and Lieutenant Colonel A. Dobke, Forty-fifth New York Veteran Volunteers. To the different members of my staff my hearty thanks are also due for their willing and able performance of their arduous duties. To them all I am deeply indebted, and shall hold in lasting remembrance their names, which are as follows: Captain F. S. Wallace, topographical engineer; Captain B. Reynolds, inspector-general; Captain C. Hearick, acting aide-de-camp; Captain R. Lender, aide-de-camp; Captain A. E. Lee, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain C. Saalmann, acting commissary of subsistence; Lieutenant H. Rocke, acting assistant quartermaster, and Lieutenant George Young, provost-marshal.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. ROBINSON,

Colonel Eighty-second Ohio Vet. Vol. Infty., Commanding Brigade.

Captain S. E. PITTMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Twentieth Corps.

Numbers 196.

Report of Colonel Horace Boughton, One hundred and forty-third New York Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations July 24-September 8.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,Atlanta, Ga., September 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the field movements and operations of this brigade during the campaign terminating in the capture and occupation of Atlanta:

In obedience to a special field order from Brigadier General A. S. Williams, commanding First Division, I assumed command of this brigade on the 24th day of July last. From the commencement of the campaign, viz, May 2, 1864, at which date the brigade marched from Bridgeport, Ala., on its way to the front, down to the time of my assignment to the command, the brigade was commanded by Colonel James S. Robinson, of the Eighty-second Ohio Veteran Volunteers.

