
bridge over the Oconee River, also over Buffalo Creek, and all between those points. Caught 4 trains between Gordon and Buffalo Creek; destroyed them entire. The supplies at Gordon and every depot were large, having been removed from the Anniston and Atlantic Railroad after General Garrard's raid on that road. Met no resistance. Returning, passed within two miles of Milledgeville; destroyed bridges on that railroad. This destruction of property was immense, and a severe blow to the enemy at that time. About one-half of command has returned. Major Davidson, with his command, is still out; we fear they are captured. They were with Colonel Capron's command when attacked on the 3rd of August.

We regret deeply the loss of the noble men who fell in endeavoring to do their duty before the enemy of our country in the hazardous undertaking from which some of us have escaped, and the severance from and the sacrifice the commanding general made of his own freedom to save his command.

I have the honor to be, major, yours, &amp;c.,

H. TOMPKINS,

Major and Provost-Marshal, Stoneman's Staff.

Major CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 435.

Reports of Colonel Israel Garrard, Seventh Ohio Cavalry, commanding Cavalry Division, of operations July 27-September 9.
HDQRS. CAVALRY COMMAND, DEPT. OF THE OHIO,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 11, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that, under the orders of last night to scout the country south of Utoy Creek, I took about 450 men of the Ninth Michigan Cavalry, Seventh Ohio Cavalry, and Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, and crossed Utoy Creek at the bridge. Rebel vedettes were found not far from the bridge and again at Sandtown. There was a picket-post near Sandtown, on the Fayetteville road; when driven from it they retreated southward. He showed but a small force, and there appeared to be no re-enforcement of the rebel picket. I concluded that it was a post of observation only. General Kilpatrick had shelled Sandtown day before yesterday, but there were none of his troops in sight from Sandtown. I then took the road from Sandtown to Atlanta, and returned on it two and a half miles to the road that leads to Owl Rock Church. I made a scout out on this to the camp-ground. Many fires of a large camp were still smoking. A respectable citizen, an old man, Mr. McWilliams, who lives near the church, stated that Armstrong's division of three brigades had camped there night before last, and had left there yesterday morning on the road toward Campbellton, saying that they were going on a raid. A small force of about 200 came back over the road this morning, and turned down the road that takes them either to East Point or Atlanta. A number of picket-posts at cross-roads on the Sandtown road were found, but the corn blades were two days or more old. It was evident that the cavalry had been moved out of that part of the country. On reaching the post of the cavalry on the Sandtown road in rear of the infantry position I sent that which I had with me to their old positions

