
evening by some three or four miles; that is, if it did not go beyond the rebel camping-ground near Mount Gilead Church, which is about two miles from the cross-roads.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ISRAEL GARRARD,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Division.

Major-General SCHOFIELD.

SEPTEMBER 3, 1864-5 p. m.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that I went across on to the McDonough and Fayetteville road, striking it between three and four miles from Lovejoy's Station. Citizens report that infantry from Atlanta, said to be Lee's corps, was moving all the morning, and that the stragglers were still passing when we reached the road. A large wagon train was moving on Thursday night and yesterday to Lovejoy's Station. Last night Ross' brigade of cavalry camped just this side of the road, and moved on this morning to Bear Creek Station, below Lovejoy's. The people speak of there being a great deal of artillery, and of the infantry being very great in quantity, but as near as I could ascertain it took the regular column some three or four hours to pass.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ISRAEL GARRARD.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Ohio.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Near Atlanta, September 9, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the advance regiment of my brigade, marching from the outfitting camp in Kentucky, reached our lines near Atlanta on the 27th of July, too late to move with the expedition under Major-General Stoneman, commanding. On reporting to the major-general commanding Army of the Ohio, I was ordered to picket and scout the country to the left of our lines in the direction of Decatur and Cross Keys.

On the 2nd of August I moved with the Twenty-third Corps to the extreme right and picketed the line of Utoy Creek, from the right of our lines to the Chattahoochee. While doing this duty the Seventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry lost 2 men captured, and lost, either killed or captured, Sergeant Davis, Company M, a most valuable man and daring scout. During the siege of Knoxville he four times carried dispatches through the rebel lines from Cumberland Gap to General Burnside. While on the line of Utoy Creek I had under my command a battalion of the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry. I desire to compliment the officers and men upon their good conduct. On the 12th of August I operated on the right of General Cox in making a reconnaissance across the Campbellton road, the position of the enemy on the flank being at Patterson's, with cavalry and two guns. In charging their outpost the Ninth Michigan Cavalry lost Lieutenant Duncan and a sergeant, captured. On the 15th I reported to Brigadier-General Kilpatrick for duty on the expedition to cut the Montgomery railroad near Fairburn. My part of the command found and engaged the enemy, while another

