
portion of it burnt the depot and cut the road. On the 16th the picket-line was moved forward from Utoy Creek to the Campbellton road, and I picketed from the right of our lines near the Newnan road to Dry Pond, connecting there with General Kilpatrick's posts. On the 27th the country near Mount Gilead Church was scouted in advance of the infantry movement, and the line of Camp Creek held until my command was relieved by the infantry. The Seventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry lost 1 man killed and 1 severely wounded. The Ninth Michigan Cavalry lost 1 officer, Lieutenant Butler, mortally wounded. On the 28th I occupied the works of the Third Division, Twenty-third corps, as it moved out, and on the 29th made a scout toward East Point, on the Newnan road, reaching a point at which the movement of the enemy's troops to the southward could be observed. On the 30th I operated on the left flank of our column on the march. The Ninth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry drove the rebel picket from near Ballard's, at the crossing of the railroad, and maintained, during some hours of light skirmishing, a position that protected our movement from observation. It was driven back by a heavy reconnaissance, but, aided by our guns near Ballard's, it again advanced and regained a position which covered our movements. The Ninth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry lost 1 man mortally, and 2 slightly wounded.

On the following day I scouted the country between the left of the Twenty-third Corps and East Point. During the subsequent movements I covered the trains by a position on the right rear of the Twenty-third Corps, and then took position on the left of the corps in front of Lovejoy's Station. I picketed and scouted the country toward McDonough, and the roads traveled by the rebel army on its march from Atlanta, capturing some 70 prisoners, most of them stragglers, who had broken down on the march. In charging into a cavalry camp near McDonough, the First Ohio Squadron lost a sergeant, killed. On the 11th day of August I was placed in command of the cavalry in the field with the Army of the Ohio. The Ninth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry was ordered to report to me. The command was divided into two brigades, one mounted, the other dismounted. The mounted brigade, whose operations I have reported above, has been about 1,000 strong, and has been composed as follows: Ninth Michigan Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Way; Seventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Miner; Ninth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry (detachment), Captain Bowlus; First Ohio Squadron, Major Rice-Colonel Acker, Ninth Michigan Cavalry, being the brigade commander. A portion of the dismounted brigade was on duty as infantry with the Twenty-third Corps, another portion of it en route to Nashville, to be remounted, and the remainder on guard duty at Turner's Ferry, under Colonel Capron, commanding the brigade.

I have the honor to submit herewith a detailed statement of the casualties* in the mounted brigade during the operations which I have reported.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ISRAEL GARRARD,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Ohio.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 3 men killed, 1 officer and 8 men wounded and 1 officer and 16 men captured or missing.

---------------

