
and crossed the Ulcofauhachee River at 9 a. m., thence, through Stearnesville, to within three miles of Monticello, a portion of my command going into the edge of the town, the whole command remaining in their saddles all night. At Stearnesville Captain Samuel Wells, acting assistant adjutant-general, on my staff was detached, by order of General Stoneman, with eighty-eight men of McLaughlin's Squadron Ohio Veteran Volunteer Cavalry, with instructions to destroy the bridge and a large flouring mill at Henderson's Mill, and the brigade and factory at Newton's cotton factory, on the Ulcofauhachee River.

The captain joined the command at 4 a. m., the 29th, after accomplishing the object of the expedition. I immediately took up my line of march, passing through Hillsborough, and halted about 12 m. within four miles of Clinton. At this point I detached Major Davidson, of the Fourteenth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Cavalry (by order of General Stoneman), with 125 picked men from his regiment, with instructions to move to Gordon, the junction of the Eatonton and Georgia Central Railroads, and, using his own discretion, destroy all public property that he could find on either railroad, do all the damage he could, and bring his command out safely. The command then moved forward, passing through Clinton to within ten miles of Macon, where I was ordered to halt and go into camp.

I remained in camp until early dawn, the 30th, when I was ordered to take up line of march with the balance of the command toward Macon. colonel Biddle's brigade, being in the advance, came upon the enemy's pickets at the forks of the Girswold road, seven miles from Macon, and drove them in. General Stoneman then ordered me to picket the Griswold road, and, with the balance of my command, move to the left and strike the Georgia Central Railroad and follow it up to Macon, and destroy the railroad and all public property ad join him in front of the city, burned and destroyed 5 miles of track, 2 passenger trains, and 1 stock train loaded with hogs and horses, also destroyed 3 locomotives and burned 1 large machine-shop, within three miles of the city, used for the manufacture of gun carriages. In co-operation with Colonel Biddle's command, we burned a railroad bridge over a creek within one mile and a half of the city, 200 feet in length, and about 300 feet of trestle-work. At 3 p. m. I was ordered to take up line of march with the command and return on the same road we came; moved in the advance on the Clinton road. When near the forks of the Milledgeville road I was ordered to halt and form a line on the first elevated ground and rest one hour. With my brigade in the advance we then moved forward on the Clinton road and came upon the enemy's pickets about one mile from Clinton, charged them and drove them through town, liberating 33 of our men who had been captured by the enemy on our march to Macon, captured the guard, and burned the jail in which they were confined. We then moved forward on the Hillsborough road with orders to charge and drive the enemy whenever we met him. Some three miles from Clinton found a strong advance guard of the enemy; charged and drove them about half a mile, when we met an increased force posted behind barricades. I ordered the Eighth Michigan Cavalry, being in the advance, to charge them, which they did, driving them from their position. Recharg-

