
ing them, drove them from position to position until they fell back to their main force at a point about eight miles from Clinton, near Hillsborough. Being now attacked in my front and on my left flank, I reported the fact to General Stoneman. Heavy skirmishing was kept up all night.

At daybreak, the 31st, General Stoneman ordered me to advance with my brigade and drive the enemy from their position, which I did for about one mile and a half, when I found them drawn up in line of battle in my front and on my left, with two pieces of artillery in position, with which they opened on us as we advanced. General Stoneman now came up and formed his whole command in line of battle, Colonel Adams' brigade and the Eighth Michigan Cavalry, of my brigade, on the left, and the balance of my brigade on the right, with Colonel Biddle's brigade and one piece of artillery as reserve, the other piece of artillery taking position in the center. Between 9 and 10 a. m., in compliance with orders from General Stoneman, the whole line moved forward and engaged the enemy. They met us in superior numbers, and with a yell charged our lines, causing the left of the Eighth Michigan Cavalry to swing one-fourth way around, the right of the regiment holding its position. A mounted force of the enemy, coming up a road to the right and rear, charged my extreme right, but were repulsed. i then ordered two companies of the Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry to charge them mounted, which they did, driving them two miles and a half, when they took position behind barricades. The enemy now rallied in strong force and drove my men back. I immediately brought up four companies of the same regiment, checked them, charged and drove them a second time to their barricades. During this time the balance of the Fourteenth Illinois and the McLaughlin Ohio Squadron held the enemy in check in my front. I then fell back a short distance from my original position, and held the ground until 12.30 p. m. I was then ordered to strengthen my lines and prepare to make a heavy charge dismounted. I brought every available man to the front, including my provost guard. At 1 p. m. General Stoneman ordered an advance, he holding one regiment of Colonel Adams' brigade in reserve. As we moved forward the enemy rose up in heavy force, and with a yell charge our lines, cutting off my communication with General Stoneman. When nearly surrounded I was forced to fall back to the horses, which created some confusion among my men, as the enemy followed close upon us. So closely did the enemy press my command many o the men were unable to mount their horses, the enemy capturing and mounting the horses, repeatedly charged my rear as I continued to retreat. I made every effort to communicate with General Stoneman, but my staff officers were cut off and unable to report. I have since learned from one of General Stoneman's staff officers (who escaped) that General Stoneman made a strong effort to communicate with me, but was unable to do so. Lieutenant Colonel E. Mix, of the Eighth Michigan Cavalry, now came up and reported that General Stoneman had surrendered. I determined to extricate what I could of my command, and, if possible, reach our lines. I moved rapidly on, struck the Eatonton road and moved toward Eatonton, the enemy still pursuing me, harassing my rear, wounding and killing a number of my men. After going some seven or eight miles, several detachments of General Stoneman's command, who had escaped and followed our course, came

