
out arms and ammunition. Partial lines were formed, but, owing to the confusion which ensued in the darkness, they soon gave away. A stampede now took place, a portion of the men rushing for the woods and the balance running down the road and attempting to cross a bridge over the Mulberry River, in our front. The enemy still continued to charge my men, killing, wounding, and capturing a large number. In their rush across the bridge it gave away, precipitating many of them into the river. The men now scattered in every direction. I became separated from my command, and made my escape through the woods, arriving at this place on the morning of the 7th instant.

It is impossible to give the number of killed and wounded, and the fate of many will always be unknown. The men after the surprise were pursued by both Confederate soldiers and citizens, and undoubtedly a large number were murdered by them even after they surrendered.

I would mention that Major Buck, of the Eighth Michigan Cavalry, with seventy men of his regiment, having made his escape from the enemy on the 31st ultimo, passed through Eatonton, burned the depot, which contained a large amount of commissary supplies and clothing and over 1,000 stand of Enfield rifles, and joined me on the 1st instant.

I also give you the following report of Major Davidson, of the Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry, who was detached near Clinton, on the 30th ultimo (now missing). Striking the Georgia Central Railroad at Gordon, the junction of the Eatonton and Georgia Central Railroads, he burned a large brick depot filled with army supplies, destroying 11 locomotives, and burned 11 trains of cars consisting of 40 passenger-cars, 80 box-cars filed with commissary and quartermaster stores, and 20 open cars loaded with machinery, also burned a large building stored with tools and machinery belonging to the railroad company, and 1 cotton factory; destroyed the telegraph office, with several instruments, capturing the operator, and tore up half a mile of railroad track; following the Georgia Central Railroad east of Gordon to Emmett Station, sixteen miles, burning all the cattle guards on the road. At Emmett burned a large depot filled with supplies, and tore up a quarter of a mile of track, moved eight miles farther to Toomsborough, burning along the road the cattle guards, half a mile of trestle work, and 4 creek bridges. At Toomsbrough burned a large brick depot filled with supplies, a flouring mill and saw-mill, also burned a railroad bridge across the creek, at the edge of town, some 300 feet in length. Bearing off to the left, to avoid a swamp along the railroad again four miles farther down. Here he burned several thousand cords of wood, destroyed cattle guards, and burned one mile and a half of trestle-work. He also burned the railroad bridge across the Oconee River, said to be 700 yards in length. After accomplishing his work he commenced a retreat, leaving the railroad to his left. Passing to the right of Milledgeville, he joined my command on the 1st instant.

Too much praise cannot be given to the officers of my brigade for their good conduct. The disaster which finally occurred was not attributable to any inefficiency on their part, but was altogether unavoidable.

59 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT II

