
He having already submitted an official report of the operation of the brigade during the period of his command, I shall confine this report to those matters which occurred subsequently and during the time of my own command. At the commencement of the time just referred to, viz, July 24, the brigade occupied the position to which it had advanced on the 22nd of that month, in following up the withdrawal of the enemy from his works near Peach Tree Creek. the troops were formed in line of battle behind strong breast-works,with slashed timber and lines of abatis in front. These works, though not entirely finished, were being pushed rapidly forward to completion. In front of the main line, at an average distance of about 250 yards, was a strong line of pickets partially intrenched and almost constantly engaged with those of the enemy. The right of the line rested on Marietta street a few hundred yards east of the Macon and Western Railroad, and about one mile distant from the general passenger depot in the city of Atlanta. At this point it connected with the left flank of Knipe's brigade. The regiments were disposed in the following order from right to left: First, two companies of the Thirty-first Wisconsin Volunteers; second, Sixty-first Ohio Veteran Volunteers; third, One hundred and first Illinois Volunteers; fourth, Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers; fifth, One hundred and forty-third New York Volunteers; sixth, Eighty-second Ohio Veteran Volunteers. The left of the last-named regiment connected with the right of Ireland's brigade, of the Second Division. The Thirty-first Wisconsin Volunteers, except the portion already named, being deployed, formed a second line a few yards in the rear of the main line just described. On that portion of the line occupied by the One hundred and first Illinois and Sixty-first Ohio Veteran Volunteers were stationed the six pieces of Winegar's battery, and on the line of the Eighty-second Ohio Veteran Volunteers were stationed two pieces of Bundy's battery. All these guns occupied revetted embrasures in the breast-works. The line extended along the crest of a ridge under close range of the rebel artillery, which swept the entire position. Directly in front the enemy had at least two strongly-built forts and a number of redoubts and other smaller works. His line was also covered by a strong breast-work, in front of which he had constructed three lines of formidable abatis and chevaux-de-frise and a wooden palisade. One of the forts above named was rendered useless for artillery, owing to the accurate and pertinacious fire of the pickets, which prevented the artillerymen from working their guns. The embrasures were filled up with sand-bags and the works was occupied by the rebel infantry. On the 25th the position as described remained unchanged. The picket and artillery firing continued as usual throughout the day, and caused several casualties in the command. On the 26th, shortly after dark, the Sixty-first Ohio and Thirty-first Wisconsin Volunteers were moved to the left of the line, where they relieved and occupied the position of Ireland's brigade, of the Second Division. On this portion of the line, which had already been partially intrenched, were posted a number of pieces of artillery. On the 27th and 28th there was much firing by the pickets and duelling by the batteries, resulting, however, in no serious loss, and no change of position. On the 29th the firing somewhat lulled. On the morning of the 30th the pickets of the brigade, in concert with those of the brigades on the right and left, were at daybreak suddenly precipitated upon those of the enemy, which they succeeded in capturing almost entire. the pickets on this brigade brought in 22 prisoners, including 1 lieutenant,

