
and mostly from the Forty-sixth Alabama Regiment, of Stevenson's division. The advanced position thus attained by my picket-line was held and intrenched. Its average distance from the enemy's main line was about 200 yards. Portions of it were much nearer than that; so near indeed as to prevent the enemy for a time from establishing a picket. The firing slackened again on the 31st. On the following day, August 1, it was renewed with vigor and continued irregularly until the 5th. At 4 p . m. of that day, by a concerted arrangement, the entire line opened a violent fire as if about to advance. The design of this demonstration was understood to be to divert the enemy's attention from important movements than in progress.

From the 6th to the 16th, inclusive, no unusual event marked the history of the brigade. Hostilities were kept up by the pickets, and the city was regularly bombarded by the batteries during both day and night time. On the 17th my pioneer corps was called for by Brigadier-General Knipe, then commanding the division, and was sent to the rear to prepare for a movement of the troops. Half an hour before daybreak on the morning of the 18th the enemy opened a heavy fire of artillery from his forts and redoubts as if to feel our position or ascertain whether or not it had been evacuated. Many of the enemy's shot penetrated the breast-works, while others skimmed closely over its parapet, one carrying away the banner of the Eighty-second Ohio and taring it to shreds. Early on the morning of the 19th this unprovoked cannonade was returned with interest by the Union batteries along the entire front. From this time forward there was but little musketry firing along my line. Excepting the bombardment of the city by the artillery, hostilities almost entirely ceased. During the night of the 24th I received an order from the brigadier-general commanding division to send one regiment to Montgomery's Ferry on the Chattahoochee to assist in fortifying a new position for the division. By the same order I was informed that the troops of the First Division would be expected to march to the point just named some time during the ensuing night. At daybreak on the 25th the Eighty-second Illinois volunteers reported to the division commander in compliance with the order; the day passed quietly away; as soon as it grew dark the artillery moved carefully to the rear; at precisely 8 p. m. my brigade marched out of its intrenchments; there was no firing of any king at the time, and nothing occurred to interrupt the movement. Contemporaneously with the withdrawal of the column the pickets fell back to the main breast-works. Arriving at the hill just in rear of the abandoned position, the brigade was haled near the road and formed in column with regimental front. Here the troops awaited the passage of the Fourth Army Corps, which was not completed until after midnight. At about 1 o'clock in the morning the column resumed its march, and shortly before daybreak arrived in position near Montgomery's Ferry. The troops were formed in line of battle in the following order, from right to left: First, Eighty-second Ohio Veteran Volunteers; second, One hundred and forty-third New York Volunteers; third, Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers; fourth, One hundred and first Illinois Volunteers; fifth, Sixty-first Ohio Veteran Volunteers; sixth, Thirty-first Wisconsin Volunteers. The space thus covered by the brigade was about one mile in length, the right resting on the Marietta road, and the left stretching across Peach Tree Creek. The Thirty-first Wisconsin Volunteers was posted on a hill bordering the right bank of the creek, and the

