
Sixty-first Ohio Veteran Volunteers on an opposite hill on the left bank, adjoining Moore's Mill. These two regiments were considerably detached from the remained of the brigade; thee was also a considerable vacancy in the line between the right of the Eighty-second Ohio Veteran Volunteers and the left flank of the First Brigade. As soon as the troops were well in position they were put vigorously to work in intrenching the line and slashing the timber in front; this work was actively continued on down to the 31st. The sixteen pieces of artillery posted along the line of the brigade were well protected by earth-works, and the intrenchments and abatis were extended long the entire front. A detachment of 150 pioneers, which had been temporarily assigned to the brigade, was kept employed upon the defensive works; another detachment of 250 convalescents belonging to the Fourth Army Corps, and which had also been temporarily assigned to the brigade, was placed on the unoccupied portion of the line, between the Sixty-first Ohio and Ohio hundred and first Illinois Volunteers. On the 31st the position of the Thirty-first Wisconsin Volunteers, on the right bank of Peach Tree Creek, was changed and a new line of works was constructed by that regiment. The section of artillery assigned to that regiment was also moved to the new position and was covered by a small redoubt. The new line thus assumed extended parallel to Peach Tree Creek, the right, at which the artillery was posted, rested nearly opposite to Morre's Mill.

On the 1st of September the brigadier-general commanding division requiring of me a regiment for reconnoitering purposes, I directed the commanding officer of the One hundred and forty-third New York Volunteers to report to him with his command at 6 a. m. The regiment proceeded about three miles to the front and returned without accident at noon. At midnight of the same day loud and frequent explosions were heard in the direction of Atlanta, sounding like artillery firing in a heavy engagement. It was subsequently ascertained to be the explosion of vast quantities of ammunition which the enemy was destroying preparatory to his evacuation of the city. Early of the following morning a regiment being required from my command to join in a reconnaissance about to be made to the front, I dispatched the One hundred and first Illinois Volunteers. At noon of the same day the Eighty-second Ohio Veteran Volunteers joined another party sent out on a similar mission. These two regiments entered the city of Atlanta, which, upon their arrival. At 5 p. m. the First and Second Brigades marched to the city, and mine remained to guard the railroad and wagon bridges over the Chattahoochee. I immediately transferred the Eighty-second Illinois and a battalion of the Thirty-first Wisconsin Volunteers to the right of the line to guard that portion of it which had been evacuated by the other two brigades. The Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers was stationed on the extreme right tin support of a 20-pounder battery on the height near the railroad bridge. No further change was made in the disposition of the troops of my brigade. No further change was made in the disposition of the troops of my brigade until 4th instant, we, by direction of General Williams, commanding division, I marched my command to Atlanta. A regiment of Colonel Harrison's brigade, of the Third Division, relieved my troops on the south side of river. Leaving Montgomery's Ferry at 8 my brigade arrived at Atlanta at 11 a. m. and went into position in the enemy's works on the eastern side

