
marched with the brigade to Trickum Post-office, where it arrived on the 7th of May remained until 10th of May, when the regiment started at 1 a. m. and marched to Snake Creek Gap. The 12th of May we left Snake Creek Gap and arrived on the evening of the 13th of May near Resaca. On the 14th our regiment marched with the brigade to the rear of the center of our line of battle before Resaca. In the afternoon we received orders to march to the left. After having halted some time in the rear of the Fourth Corps, we received orders to proceed to the extreme left in double-quick. When we arrived there, the brigade was formed in line on the high bank of a little creek, an open field in our front; my regiment had the right of our brigade. Before the formation of our line was completed, the brigade on the left of the Fourth Corps and on our right gave way and fell back in considerable confusion, the rebels following them so closely that the Fifth Indiana Battery was in danger of being taken by them. At this critical moment I ordered the regiment to charge, although the brigade was not in line yet. I led the regiment in double-quick down the bank of the creek, and charged with a hurrah across the open field, and giving the enemy a full volley, drove them back. The balance of the brigade soon joined us, and after a brisk fire of fifteen minutes the enemy fell back through the woods, the battery was saved, and our brigade occupied the field for the night. The charge was made with such impetuosity that the enemy in their confusion fired too high, and therefore their fire was of no effect. On the 15th we marched farther to the right and took up a position in the rear, but were soon ordered to the left, where our brigade gallantly repulsed several attacks. My regiment was in the second line, and I was ordered to relieve the One hundred and fiftieth New York, and occupied the rifle-pits for the night. On the morning of the 16th we marched with the brigade in pursuit of the enemy, who had retreated during the night. On the eve of the 19th of May we came up with the enemy's cavalry at cassville, Ga.; had a little skirmish, in which we lost 1 man killed; took a position before the town during the night and occupied Cassville on the morning of the 20th. We remained at Casville until the 23d, and received orders to prepare for a twenty days' campaign. We left Cassville at dawn on the 23rd of May and crossed the Etowah River at Euharlee. On the 25th of May we crossed Pumpkin Vine Creek on the road to Dallas, but received orders to face about. The Second Division of our corps having butted against the enemy on another road, we were ordered to march to its support. We had to return, and crossed the creek again four miles above; passed the Third Division on the road and went into position in the woods on level ground. After the division had been formed, the signal to advance was given. Our brigade was in the first line, my regiment holding the extreme left, leaning on the road; we marched forward, keeping up a lively fire. After thirty minutes' firing we were relieved, the second and third lines marching through our line of battle. After half an hour's rest, we were again ordered forward and advance steady under a heavy fir of infantry and artillery, the latter causing many casualties in my ranks. up to a distance of 150 yards from the enemy we were ordered to halt here and keep the position at all hazards. We kept our ground until our ammunition was exhausted, and I then sent back for ammunition or relief. In the mean time I and my

7 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT II

