
in our front. At 10 a. m. on the 19th of June we moved forward and butted against the enemy about two miles from our old position i a terrible rain-storm. our skirmishers were immediately thrown forward and soon engaged the enemy. The ground was hotly contested, but our lines established. In this engagement the regiment lost 1 man killed and 3 men wounded, although there were only fifteen men of my regiment out on the skirmish line. On the 20th we marched from this position south, arrived at dark at Atkinson's plantation, and encamped in line of battle. The 21st we built breast-works, and on the 22nd marched forward and took a position on the crest of a hill near the Sandtown road about three and a half miles from Marietta. Our skirmishers marched forward, and a large open field being in our front, they had very hard work to get into position, as the enemy's pickets kept firing at them from their hiding-places in the edge of the woods. However, our lines were established under the cover of our artillery. However, our lines were established under the over of our artillery. The First Brigade of our division, on our right and a little advanced, was now attacked by Hood's corps. Battery I, First New York Artillery, which I had to support, threw shell and case-shot into the massed columns of the enemy, causing great havoc in their ranks. The enemy was gallantly repulsed by the First Brigade. The regiment did not participate in the engagement, but I lost 2 men on the skirmish line. The enemy had received a severe punishment, and did not repeat the attack although we remained there until the 3rd day of July. On the morning of the 3d, discovering that the enemy had evacuated the works in our front, we struck camp and marched until we came in sight of the rebel pickets, formed our line, and camped in a dense forest, where we remained until 2 p. m. of the 4th of July, when we again broke camp and marched toward the Chattahoochee River, and arrived early in the evening of the 6th at a camp-ground a mile from the river. We erected earth-works and pitched our camp in a regular order, expecting to stay here and received a few days' rest. The next day we received the order that the troops should make themselves comfortable, as we would stay in our present camp ten days. This news was received with much joy by every man. The men were nearly exhausted, and every soldier felt that after a short rest he could be of much more service to his country. The men, however, and stood all privations and hardships, as well as the continual skirmishing and fighting they had gone through without interruption since the 25th of May, with the greatest cheerfulness, and every man felt that Atlanta had to be ours before a long rest could be expected. We rested here as ordered, and resumed our march toward that Gate City on the 17th of July. We struck tents at 2 o'clock in the afternoon, crossed, the river near Vining's Station, and camped three miles south of the Chattahoochee River that night. The 18th of July we left late in the afternoon, marched across the fields until we struck of Buck Head. On the afternoon of the 19th marched about four miles to Peach Tree Creek and camped. At 6 a. m. the 20th of July the troops began to move, and cross Peach Tree Creek at 7 a. m.; my regiment started at about 8 a. m., crossed the creek at 9 a. m., while the enemy had a battery in position, which shelled the woods and the bridge; although the battery had the exact range of the road their shells did not do any damage in our ranks. At 10 a. m. we arrived on the right of the Second Division, and were

