
One hundred and third, I sent forward four of my officers in different direction toward the front with General Wessells' orders that every regiment should press forward. They fulfilled their mission to my entire satisfaction, contributing, I have every reason to believe, to the flight of the enemy which soon after took place.

My officers behaved most creditably, with one exception, of which a special report will be made, and the regiment, as a whole, sustained the reputation which it earned at the Seven Pines as a part of Casey's division. This is paying as high a compliment as the regiment could desire.

Of the officers whom I happened to notice I would mention Lieutenant-Colonel Anderson, Adjutant Ward, Captain Cleary, and Lieutenant Cole for their coolness and gallantry. Captains Bice, Miller, and Merriman, and Lieutenant Babcock are highly spoken of. Sergeant Ball, of Company -, was especially active and zealous, and deserves promotion. Sergeant O'Neil, and Private Pierce, of Company E; Private Sheridan, of D, and Color-bearer Sergeant Thompson are especially mentioned by their company commanders. Surgeon Edmeston followed the regiment into the swamp and attended the wounded under fire, and, for his zeal, energy, and consideration during the whole expedition, deserves the highest praise.

A special report of the casualties, amounting to 3 killed, 16 wounded, and none missing, is herewith forwarded.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. C. HUNT,

Colonel, Ninety-second New York Volunteers.

Captain ANDREW STEWART,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Wessells' Brigade.

No. 28. Report of Captain George W. Hinds, Ninety-sixth New York Infantry, of engagement at Kinston, December 14.
HDQRS. NINETY-SIXTH NEW YORK STATE VOLUNTEERS,Camp near New Berne, N. C., December 21, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 14th instant, when the brigade engaged the enemy in front of Kinston, N. C., in compliance with the orders of General Wessells, this regiment, under command of Colonel Charles O. Gray, moved down the road leading to the bridge in front and filed into the wood and moved by the right flank several hundred yards to the right of the road, where it was formed into line of battle and rested lying down, while a company of skirmishers was sent forward to feel the enemy's position. Finding him in the corner of the wood to the right in some force we advanced in line of battle under fire, the Eighty-fifth New York Volunteers being on our left and One hundred and first Pennsylvania Volunteers as support, charging and cheering, the enemy retreating. As we advanced we commenced a rapid fire, which was discontinued after a few moments, the enemy getting out of range.

Soon receiving an order to advance we moved toward the river, feel-

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.60.

---------------

