HEADQUARTERS,Kinston, N. C. April 18, 1863-2.30 p. m.

[Major General D. H. HILL:]

GENERAL: Nothing has happened since last night. The enemy hold Core Creek and appear to be at work there. Their force would require all mine to dislodge them quickly and with success. The move was to cover a more general one this evening or to-morrow, or it may be a feint. As your courier told me you would be here this evening I shall delay any action until you arrive. It is not necessary to pass the regiment up. I have a telegram from Whiting which may be of importance to you, and has had weight in causing me to defer acting until you arrive.

Very respectfully,

R. RANSOM, JR.,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE CAPE FEAR,Wilmington, N. C., April 18, 1863.

Colonel T. S. RHETT, Chief of Artillery, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: Since the failure of the reconnaissance on Charleston I am inclined to think they may try this place. You know my armament, thought much improved, is still greatly inadequate. I beg that you will do all in your power to increase my supply of 8 and 10 inch columbiads and heavy rifles as many as can possibly be sent me, for none will be superfluous at such a point as this. I should be much pleased if you would come down here and assure yourself both of the nature of the problem of defense here and the necessities I have. The heavy calls on the Department for other places have diverted many of the guns intended for me. I think we can now be supplied. I would not be so urgent were it practicable for me to obstruct the harbor entrances. That, however, may be regarded as out of the question, and hence we must obtain the most formidable concentration of fire possible. Both Forts Caswell and Fisher should have Brooke rifles in addition to columbiads. I can make good use of ten or twelve 32-pounder iron bands, many of my 32-pounders being unbanded and therefore not reliable. Please when you send guns to send with them at least 100 rounds.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Brigadier-General.

APRIL 19, 1863.

Major [L. M.] SHUMAKER:

I will have the matter of forage attended to. I hope you may succeed in sinking those infernal gunboats that have shown no consideration for women or children. If you cripple one and can use the field batteries against her do so. I felt too ill from the medicine I took to come down this morning. Keep me advised.

Yours, truly,

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS, April 19, 1863.

Major SHUMAKER:

Let me know what is the result of the heavy cannonade now going on. Show this to Colonel Connally and have him post his regiment to repel

