HEADQUARTERS BRIGADE,Hookerton, April 20, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL:

GENERAL: Not knowing what to do with Major Haskell I ordered him to accompany us. He bears this himself to receive your orders. In addition to my two batteries, he has another here and you have ordered Captain Moore's. To command this battalion, it would be very agreeable to me if you wound assign him to me. In that event Captain McCreery should be assigned to other duty, as his rank is inferior to some of the officers he command.

Would it not be proper for General Robertson to establish a line of couriers between this place and Kinston?

Very truly, your obedient servant,

J. J. PETTIGREW,

Brigadier-General.

CHARLESTON S. C., April 20, 1863.

No troops iron-clads have left here to support Foster as yet.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

GOLDSBOROUGH, N. C., April 20, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Charleston:

GENERAL: For the last four weeks I have been around Washington and New Berne with three objects in view: To harass the Yankees, to get our supplies from the low country, and to make a diversion in your favor. In the first two objects we succeeded admirably, whipping the enemy in every skirmish and fight. Washington was closely besieged for sixteen days, but they succeeded in getting two supply boats into town, furnishing about twenty days' rations to the garrison. I then abandoned the siege.

I have failed to get information from New Berne for some days. The usual channel of communication is cut off, and I am very much is the dark as to what is going on. My last information was that a brigade had gone up from Morehead City. This must have come from Charleston. I send Captain West specially to you ascertain whether any troops have left your point. I am inclined to think that the rascals have abandoned all idea of attaching Charleston and that Wilmington will be their next move. Should this be so I hope that you will be able to give us back our North Carolina troops. We have now but four brigades in the State. I have rejoiced greatly at your success, and trust that you may continue to enjoy the smiles of a protecting God. Our hope must be in Him.

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, April 20, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL,

Comdg, District of North Carolina, Goldsborough:

GENERAL: I inclose you Major Kennedy's report, and also letter from

