
wishes you to take steps at once to have them carefully observed. The last report that we have from the river is that General Hood is in possession of the old fort.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, April 21, 1863.

Major G. MOXLEY SORREL,Assistant Adjutant-General:

DEAR SIR: I am in receipt of your communication asking what arrangements or dispositions I have made for watching the gunboats or other movements of the enemy on the rive. when the lieutenant-general commanding placed the artillery under my orders I found a battery in Henry's work and another at Hill's Point, and I placed the two heavy guns in a work which I caused to be erected. The general is aware that the guns at Hill's Point were taken by the enemy, and that Bradford's guns were ordered by General Hood to be withdrawn last night, and that he ordered the heavy guns to Providence Church. The only infantry force that belonged to my command was the Fifty-fifth North Carolina Troops, which he ordered down there to support the batteries, and that has been ordered back to its brigade. I had a few sharpshooters down on the Western Branch of the Nansemond, but those I ordered back, thinking it unnecessary to keep such a small force on the left of General Hood, whose line extends to near by its mouth. When the general ordered the heavy guns to Providence Church I took it for granted he designed them for other service. Inasmuch as the troops of General Hood extended to Hill's Point I did not think the watching of the movements of the enemy devolved on me. I will thank the general to state what should be the number and character of the force he wishes me to send there, and if he wishes it done to-night, and I will order them at once. As I observed, General Hood's forces extent to the mouth of the Western Branch of the Nansemond River.

Yours, very respectfully,

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, April 21, 1863-11.15 p. m.

Major General S. G. FRENCH, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your communication of this evening is received and will be fully considered to-morrow. Meantime the commanding general desires you to make some arrangements to-night to keep at least a lookout on the river to discover what may be going on. More extended and systematic disposition may be effected to-morrow.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FRENCH'S COMMAND,April 22-1 a. m.

In accordance with the directions contained herein Brigadier-General Jenkins will dispatch a force of 25 men to take post near Riddick's

