
farm, who will observe closely all moments of the enemy and give timely notice of the same. Two mounted men are sent to act as couriers.

By order of Major-General French:

GRAHAM DAVES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., April 21, 1863.

Brigadier-General WHITING, Wilmington, N. C.:

There thousand feet submarine wire will you. By authority Secretary of War, Cooke's brigade will be sent you in place of Evens'. Shall send Hall's regiment soon. Please send back Evans' regiments by the transportation.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

GOLDSBOROUGH, N. C., April 21, 1863.

His Excellency ZEBULON B. VANCE,

Governor of North Carolina:

DEAR SIR: I think that infantry would be of little service in Moore Country without the co-operations of cavalry. I wish to send 25 horsemen and 50 infantry. This is, however, a bad time to weaken my force. I learn that there are one hundred vessels now at Morehead City, and that troops are pouring in from Charleston. The Charleston expedition is abandoned, and Wilmington and the railroad are the next object of Yankee cupidity.

General Longstreet wrote me to ask your to call out the militia. I do not know that any good could result from it except the exposure of the skulkers. The men staying at home now are consumers and not producers. They ought to be kicked into the ranks by some means. One of your stirring appeals would do good. Your scathing rebuke of deserters an skulkers makes even cowards blush. I fear that the discontent and demoralization if the troops have been mainly caused by unwise ebullition of temper on the part of our local press. Would to God that our editors could fight the common enemy and let their private quarrels lie over. If conquered by the Yankees our doom will be the most miserable known in history. There is no insult and no indignity which these infernal wretches will not inflict upon us. I earnestly hope that you will call out every able-bodied man in the State, but especially that you will issue a proclamation in regard to deserters and skulkers.

Yours, truly,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Greenville, N. C., April 21, 1863-4 p. m.

Major General D. H. HILL, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The force that came up on the Washington road yesterday will not exceed 300 or 400 men and two pieces. The force at the cross-roads evening before last was represented as being very large; a large number of ambulances and wagons. They retired last evening. I sent the cavalry down the road to look after them. I sent a small mounted force on the roads to Swift Creek. I have not yet heard from

