
brigade. By the general commanding placing the artillery under my charge I cannot admit that I was charged particularly with the river defenses. The embraces what was being performed by other troops than mine. In answer to the general's kind inquiry if it will be agreeable to me to resume the responsibilities of the river batteries and their protection, I reply it will not be. General J. B. Hood's command on the left extends far down the river to Hill's Point, and as the working parties, tools, and the main protection must come from him, while my command is about 9 miles distant, three will be a want of unity of action. If the brigades of Generals Jenkins and Davis were on the left I would take charge of the batteries with pleasure and the defense of the river.

Yours, very respectfully,

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, April 22, 1863.

General R. E. LEE, Fredericksburg, Va.:

General Hill telegraphs that large re-enforcements have been brought by the enemy from Charleston to New Berne; that they are marching in force on Kinston, and that he needs help. I have telegraphed General Beauregard to send all he can safely spare.

Reliable information is just received that on Sunday night last eleven large transports with troops landed at Yorktown, each believed to contain not less than 750 men. A good deal of field artillery also landed at Yorktown. Seventeen large transports likewise passed the York River on the way the to Fortress Monroe of Norfolk.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CHARLESTON, S. C., April 23, 1863.

Major General W. H. C. WHITING, Wilmington, N. C.:

Cannot now spare heavy guns from here. Six monitors are still in North Edisto. Savannah also loudly calls for some heavy guns.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C., April 23, 1863-9.30 p. m.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

Am informed four heavy Whitworth guns have arrived at Wilmington on Merrimac. Cannot two be sent here? They are much needed.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., April 23, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL,

Commanding, &amp;c., Goldsborough, N. C.:

GENERAL; Your letter of the 20th instant, through Captain West, has been received. I thank you for your timely move on Washington, and regret much the circumstances which prevented the capture of Foster's forces. I hope you will still be able to do so before long.

