
I am not yet able to tell precisely what has become of all Hunter's forces in my front, but it is probable a part has been sent to re-enforce once to Whiting and General Evans' brigade to remain in North Carolina until further orders. Clingman's will be sent also as soon as it may be absolutely required and I can ascertain more positively that Hunter has weakened himself too much to be dangerous to this place or Savannah. You may rely that I will afford you and Whiting all the assistance in my power, for the enemy must not be allowed any success within the reach of our available forces.

Wishing you ample good luck, I remain, yours, truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF SOUTHERN VIRGINIA,April 23, 1863.

General M. JENKINS, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I shall assume the immediate command of the division composed of your brigade and that of General Davis. Will you please let your assistant adjutant-general give to Major Daves, assistant adjutant-general, the names of the regiments now on picket duty? The details will hereafter be made by major Daves., My chief commissary could not leave Petersburg, and the same commissary will have to act for the command. Major [John B.] Morey, chief quartermaster, will take prompt measures to forward all necessary supplies.

Your, very truly,

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,April 23, 1863.

Lieutenant General JAMES LONGSTREET,

Commanding, &c., Petersburg, Va.:

GENERAL: There is great need of more cavalry in this army. Our cavalry has been reduced by hard and long service, and the enemy's recently has been very much increased. They have drawn from Maryland the cavalry which has been serving on the left bank of the Potomac, in the interior, and the counties on the Eastern Shore, in addition to the re-enforcements, formed into three divisions, composing a corps, under General Stoneman, and in recent operations in the Rappahannock General Stuart reports that they ride over by sheer force of numbers. It therefore has become necessary to strengthen that arm of the service, and I desire to know whether there is not more cavalry in North Carolina than you require. There are two North Carolina regiment of cavalry in this army, and if I could get three more I could form a North Carolina brigade. Can you spare three regiments or a brigade, or what can you spare? Please let me know at your earliest convenience, or order such regiments forward as you can spare.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

