
STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTED DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, N. C., April 23, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL,

Commanding, Goldsborough, N. C.:

GENERAL: Yours of yesterday is just received. In view of the alarming information it conveys of this probable invasion of the State, I will not press for the troops to be sent to Moore County at present. I will at once issue an appeal to the people to send in the deserters and absentees and do everything I can to bring up every man to his post. I do not think, general, that the militia ought to be called out, for various reasons: Their help would be little, their consumption of rations great, and beyond any sort of doubt their removal now from their crops would be followed by the most disastrous consequences. If you think it necessary when the enemy's movement is fully developed I will call out the militia officers, of whom there are some 2,000 or 3,000, which will be a larger number, I fear, than we can arm and make available. I can bring them to Raleigh at once by an order. I earnestly hope, however, that such a think will not be necessary. In accordance with a previous request, I have addressed a not to the city editors, urging them to avoid exciting any panic among the people and to be caution not to speak of the movements of troops, &amp;c.

Very respectfully,

Z. B. VANCE.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Chaffin's Farm, Va., April 23, 1863.

Major General ARNOLD ELZEY, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: Yesterday morning I issued all the necessary orders, as instructed me, and moved back all the forces which I took down from this place. They will reach here this morning, or some time today, as the weather permits. We left all quiet, the enemy making no demonstration, and still re-enforcing and fortifying at Fort magruder. I placed the headquarters of the cavalry at barhamsville, as better for them in all respects than Diascund, having shorter transportation of forage and a close eye on the Pamunkey and York Rivers. I ordered Hawley's company back to its position on the Lower Chickahominy, below Diascund Creek. The pickets are arranged in inner and outer lines, with infantry scouts all in and about Williamsburg.

And now, general, again I urgently appealed to you to send to the Fifty-ninth and Forty-sixth Regiments their companies, detailed for police duty at Richmond. The two of the Fifty-ninth and five of the Forty-sixth are absolutely required on the Peninsula, if we are to protect the people on making this year. They are near Richmond, and produce there is most convenient to the city. We can maintain no forces down below without making there something to eat, and that object is more important than the police of Richmond. Will the city battalion never be organized?

I am confident that if the iron-clad boat the Richmond) was sent down the river it would yet make General Long street's attempt a success.

Very respectfully, your, truly,

HENRY A WISE,

Brigadier-General.

