
gave the false report. We must have true information, and the careless and sensational scout deserves punishment. General Ransom in unwell and may be detained here four of rive days, but I would prefer you to come to morrow. I think that you can break up the negro nest on Goose Creek Island. I will drawn Foster off towards Plymouth while you are operating there.

The Big Pine tories must be cut off, but I fear a fight with them lest you kill some of my spies among them. Could you not manage through Smith to give them notice in a quiet way to get off somewhere. You can't be too cautions in this matter. Suspicion might be excited and the whole thing prove a failure.

Send F. Riggs down to-morrow, and let me have a full report from that section by the 1st of May at furthest.

I cannot too emphatically caution you that your men must not trust to the report of others, but must see with their own eyes everything they report.

The accounts of the Yankee treatment os Spinola amuse me very much. he made his escape in good time, however, and deserves credit for his foot-race if not for his foot-race if not of his fight.

If you cannot come up to-morrow send up Lieutenant Barrington or Lieutenant Whitford, now I believe a captain.

The note of mine found at Hill's Point was not important, at least I thin not.

Respectfully.,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Suffolk, Va., April 26, 1863.

Major General ARNOLD ELZEY,

Commanding Department of Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires you to cause the wharves and landing places on your side of the river wherever the enemy might effect a landing to be burnt or otherwise destroyed. Please direct their destruction to be thorough and complete.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, April 27, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Your letter of the 25th instant, inclosing a letter from General Whiting, has been received, and in reply I inclose herewith copy of my letter to General Whiting on the subject to which he refers in his letter to you.

General Whiting's letter is herewith returned.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary of the Navy.

