
for I hope is true, from the fact, which I am assured is true, that every sea-port in our possession is stronger then Wilmington., It is discouraging to know this when we consider what North Carolina has done for the cause in men and means. We certainly ought to fare no worse than our sisters.

I am again called on by General Hill to call the militia. Considering that our white male population is already taken to the age of forty; that nearly twenty of our richest counties have been stripped of their slaves; that over 1,500 are yet at work on the fortifications, it seems a physical impossibility to prevent a famine should all the balance of our labor be abstracted from the farms in the middle of the planting season, yet I could call them out with reluctance, and put raw plowmen to contend with iron-clad ships of was with less regret, if I were honestly convinced that everything possible to do had been done, and that such a course was unavoidable. What the resources of the Ordnance Department ar of course I do not know. But may I hope that now that the attack upon Charleston is over, the defense of Wilmington and navigable rivers of the State will receive the earnest attention of the War Department, and the requisition of the generals in command will meet with every possible fulfillment? Permit me to assure you in the candor which I usually employed in addressing you, that an earnest and vigorous effort to defend these exposed points work a most happy effect in the dissatisfied public mind of the people. I am, sir, most respectfully obedient servant,

Z. B. VANCE.

RICHMOND, VA., April 29, 1863.

Major General S. G. FRENCH, Petersburg, Va.:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War directs that you send here all the available forces at your command in and around Petersburg with the least delay practicable In order not to interrupt railroad transportation this force will move by marching.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 29, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL.,

Commanding, &c., Goldsborough, N. C.:

GENERAL: The following telegram has just been received from General Lee:

The enemy is crossing below Deep Run, about the same place as before. The fog has been so thick during the night and morning that we can only see a few yards. Taken with the reports received from our left, it looks like a general advance; but where his main effort will be made cannot say. Troops not wanted south south of James River had better be moved in this direction and all other necessary preparations made.

R. E. LEE.

This renders it important that such forces as you deem judicious should be concentrated at Richmond, to be in supporting distance. General Lee may telegraph you. In absence of instructions from him

