
It gives me the greatest pleasure to refer the general to the gallant conduct of my officers and enlisted men in this engagement and to be able to speak in the very highest terms of their coolness, firmness, and courage during the whole time of the fight.

In the engagement at White Hall and at the railroad bridge my regiment was under the eye of the general,and, although not actually engaged in the firing, it was in line of battle and within reach of the enemy's fire, and behaved with coolness and firmness, and ready and desirous to be led into the fights.

For the good conduct and soldierly bearing of my regiment on the march, going and returning, we have already received the commendation of our general; that, with the consciousness that we deserves it, is account, and from all disgraceful acts and scenes done and perpetrated on that march their skirts are free.

A list of the casualties has already been furnished you.*

I have the honor to be,captain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSHUA B. HOWELL,

Colonel Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain ANDREW STEWART,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Wessells' Brigade.

No. 30. Report of Major Alexander W. Taylor, One hundred and first Pennsylvania Infantry, of engagement at Kinston, December 14.
HDQRS. 101ST PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS, New Berne, N. C., December 24, 1862.

CAPTAIN: As commander of the One hundred and first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers during the engagement near Kinston, on Sunday, the 14th instant, I have the honor to submit the following as my report:

When the firing commenced in the morning, by order of the general the One hundred and first Regiment was drawn up in line of battle on the right of the road near the wood. We remained in this position until ordered by the general forward and to the right of the road in rear of the Ninety-sixth New York.

Soon after, by order of Colonel Heckman, we were moved forward and to the left to the support of a battery of the Third New York Artillery. We remained with this battery until the close of the engagement.

During the entire engagement the conduct of the regiment was all that could have been desired.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,A. W. TAYLOR,

Major One hundred and first Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain ANDREW STEWART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.60.

---------------

