
learned that on Saturday at 3 p. m. Heckman's brigade passed down the road through Shepherdsville, as the scout believed, to Beaufort, but I have learned from anther source that their destination was more probably Carolina City. The enemy, I am informed, are fortifying at or near that point on Newport River, extending to the Sound, a distance of 4 miles. For this purpose they have been prossing the negroes. This movement of Heckman's brigade was sent to General Ransom last Saturday night at 2 a. m. I would have sent it immediately to you, but knowing that it would reach you almost as soon by that route as by this I concluded to await news my usual source, by which I would get something more, or at least confirmatory, In this I was part disappointed. The conductor did not visit the road himself, but through him from another man, who saw the cars pass, said that they were loaded with troops from New Berne. With this dispatch you will find the Express of the 14th instant, a very interesting paper.

Please send me a half quire of paper and a pack of envelopes.

Very respectfully, your, &amp;c.,

R. J. SHARP.
HEADQUARTERS, April 29, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL,Commanding North Carolina Department:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 26th is received. I am somewhat relieved to find you are not threatened with anything immediate from the enemy. They always move slowly, and must do so in North Carolina, where they have no railroad for their transportation. I hope that all the troops sent to South Carolina will soon be returned to you. I doubt, through, if the enemy intends any decided move in North Carolina or here. The enemy will try any dodge or trick, however, which gives any promise of success. Re-enforcements have been sent here (to Suffolk) but I am not satisfied as to the extent. I am of the opinion, however, that I can hold my position against any attack from the front. We shall be here at least two weeks longer hauling out supplies. I expect you to keep General Foster's force off of me and I shall consider myself quiet safe. There are no other force to accumulate against me. We have recovered some twenty-odd siege-guns that were left near here when we gave up this county last year, which I hope that we may be able to send you as soon as we can get carriages from them. This is all that I can promise you in artillery. I can get nothing in Richmond, or little at best. If you cannot keep General Foster's forces off of me you must be prepared to join us with part of your force in case General Foster should move in this direction from North Carolina. Have your scouts out and keep yourself well advised of the enemy's movements. We are in telegraphic communication with you now via Petersburg.

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., April 30, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Charleston, S. C.:

Send a full brigade immediately by North Carolina to report to General Hill.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

