
RALEIGH, N. C., April 30, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL,

Commanding dept. of North, Goldsborough, N. C.:

GENERAL: I received to-day your letter of the 28th instant. You are right in saying I would not like the command of the defense of the Roanoke, including Hamilton and Weldon. White this is true, I prefer it my present position and will gladly take it rather than remain here. Please give the ordered at once. I beg, however, that you will not consider this as giving up any chances I am have for some more important position, and should another be offered you must not consider me changeable if I take it. I hope you will give me the two regiments now in the State not belonging to brigades-the Seventeenth and Forty-second. The Fifty-fifth North Carolina Longstreet might be willing to send that back to the State. Leventhorpe's regiment has been recently attached to Pettigrew's brigade and Faison's Fifty-sixth more recently to Ransom's. All of them have never been under my command. I do not now a position that would be agreeable to me, and can therefore mop no suggestions, I am, however, much obliged to you for the kind offer to do what you can to accommodate me.

Very truly, yours,

J. G. MARTIN.
HEADQUARTERS, April 30, 1863.

Major General S. G. FRENCH, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: General Hood reports that the enemy is again attempting a landing on this side the river near the old fort. The commanding general desires you to have your troops in readiness to more to the point threatened.

Very respectfully,G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FRENCH'S DIVISION,April 30, 1863.

In accordance with the within information, General Jenkins will hold his brigade in readiness to move at a moment's warning.

By ordered of Brigadier-General French:

GRAHAM DAVES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Please return this.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Suffolk, Va., April 30, 1863.

Major General S. G. FRENCH, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I am directed to ask that you will relieve to-night the pickets of General Anderson's brigade by a portion of Brigadier General J. R. Davis' command.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

