SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA.

Numbers 95. Charleston, S. C., April 30, 1863.

* * * *

VIII. Brigadier-General Clingman is relieved from duty in this department and will report his brigade to Brigadier-General Whiting, at Wilmington, N. C. The commanding general parts with this fine brigade with the hope that in losing it from his command the good of the service will be subserved and an opportunity afforded for distinction and substantial service against the enemy of the Confederate States.

* * * *

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, May 1, 1863.

General R. E. LEE, Fredericksburg, Va. L

Orders were sent f Wednesday to General Longstreet to move forward his command to re-enforce you. He replied he would do so immediately, but expected to be a little delayed in gathering up his transportation train to prevent its falling into the hands of the enemy, then in sight. General D. H. Hill, at Kinston, was also directed to send forward a brigade (Ransom's), and from his reply it may be exported here to-night, when it will be immediately pushed forward. You have already been informed by the President of the 1,400 troops set from here to Gordonsville. I do not look for the arrival on Longstreet's command here before to-morrow evening, on account of difficulty in collecting his train, which may be employed in collecting subsistence in the counties in North Carolina (East).

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

RICHMOND, May 1, 1863.

General R. E. LEE, Fredericksburg:

The following dispatch has just been received from General Hill:

KINSTON, May 1, 1863.

Two strong regiment have left in train for Petersburg; remainder of Pettigrew's brigade will start when trains can be gotten. Could not disabled soldiers take the place of the negligent operation on the line? Your telegram of yesterday reached me 9 a. m. to-day.

D. H. HILL.

S. COOPER.

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, VA., May 1, 1863.

Lieutenant General JAMES LONGSTREET,

Near Suffolk, Va.:

Since my dispatch to you last night I have received your letter of 30th. The order sent you was to secure all possible dispatch without incurring loss of train or unnecessary hazard of troops.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

