
MAY 1, [1863.]

General BEAUREGARD, Charleston:

Please send Clingman. Enemy have crossed Rappahannock. Fighting commenced.

W. H. C. WHITING.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE CAPE FEAR,Washington, May 1, 1863.

Mr. J. H. FLANNER, Present:

SIR: The affair of the steamer Lizzie is entirely in the hands of the War Department and has been ever since her arrival in this port, at which time I stated the circumstances of the steamer, the objections to her being permitted to leave, which in my opinion are very strong, and the necessity, in both a militia and naval point of view, which, I conceived to exist for her remaining in the river for Government service, concluding with the statement that I should not permit her to leave without the orders of the Department. Tot this letter I have received no reply, not to subsequent letters, nor to my telegraph sent previous to your own application. To the latter I fully expected you would have before this received an answer. I will, however, telegraph again to-day requesting an immediate reply.

I do not know that any distinction should be made between a native and a foreign owner when the latter may be either an enemy of belonging to a nation owner when the latter may be either an enemy or belonging to a nation which does not choose to recognize us and whose Government has prohibited the business in which she is engaged; if any, perhaps in favor the native. I am sorry if the owners have suffered in command with many others from some of the inconveniences of a state of war. But with reference to this trade which this vessel and others are engaged in, I must say that I have advised the Government to take possession of them all. The telegram I have referred to is a follows:

MAY 1, 1863.

Colonel GORGAS, Richmond:

What decision has the Department come to in case of steamer Lizzie, formerly Mariner? Answer as soon as possible.

I presume the Government would remunerate the owners for any damages sustained by them as engaged in a legitimate trade, on account of the action of the military authorities.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., May 1, 1863.

Brigadier General W. H. C. WHITING,

Wilmington, N. C.:

Clingman received orders yesterday to report to General Hill. Will leave to-day and following. Iron-clads still as before reported.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Chaffin's Farm, Va., May 1, 1863.

Major General ARNOLD ELZEY, Commanding, &amp;c.

GENERAL: I received your respecting the burning of all the wharves and landings on this side of James River late last evening. At

