
destroy it, by ambuscade particularly, unless such ambuscades should cause too much delay. With the rear guard swill be left a select number of axmen, who will in the swamps, at the crossings of streams, and other places fell large trees the road to retard the pursuit of the enemy. A part of these men might move in advance to partly fell the trees before the rear guard passes. Captain Barham's cavalry will also form part of the rear guard passes. Captain Barham's cavalry will also form part of the rear guard.

V. The field batteries will be harnessed up harnessed up and move to the rear about a mile from these headquarters at sunset to-morrow, and their position in line of march will in advance of the infantry, and General Davis, will with his infantry, aid them in crossing any bad placed in the road, so that no delay will be caused.

VI. The pickets in front will be withdrawn at 11 o'clock to-morrow night in the most quiet and sent secret manner possible, and will then march rapidly to join their respective regiments. The withdrawal of these pickets will be entrusted to careful and prudent officers, selected for the purpose, and the general commanding wishes General Jenkins to give them careful instructions in this respect. Teamsters are forbidden to crack their whips or shout at their animals.

VII. This command will halt at the junction of the South Quay and Somerton roads until any wagons that may be out foraging shall have returned.

By order of Major General S. G. French:

GRAHAM DAVES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., May 3, 1863.

Lieutenant General JAMES LONGSTREET, Ivor Dept, Va.:

We have information that two detachments certainly, perhaps three, of enemy's cavalry, with some light artillery, are converging on Richmond. Their distance at present is not more than 12 or 14 miles from the city. Hurry as fact as possible re-enforcement.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS, May 3, 1863.

Major General S. G. FRENCH, Commanding:

GENERAL: I shall start in about noon to try look at the ground on this side before night. Major Mitchell hopes to get the wagons over to-night. If he succeeds in this, General Pickett is ordered to move on over with his command and send Colonel Baker to report to you. You will remain on this side until we see if the enemy means and pursuit. Generals Pickett and Hood are ordered to act with in case of emergency in my absence. This was not necessary really, but I thought best to give the order that there should be no misunderstanding. I shall leave three fresh couriers at Holland's Shop. Anything important send there and it will be taken over by a fresh man-that is, up to sunset; after that they will go on and join me. My headquarters after night will be at the house where General Jenkins was before we crossed over.

I am sorry to find this side of the sheet so badly soiled.

Most respectfully,JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

