
FRANKLIN, May 4, 1863.

Lieutenant-General LONGSTREET, Richmond:

I must insist on having three brigades left here, on a line 40 miles is length, from Fort Powhatan to South Quay. I have telegraphed the Secretary of War.

S. G. FRENCH.
HEADQUARTERS,South Quay, N. C., May 4, 1863-2 p. m.

General JENKINS:

General Jenkins will take charge of crossing the division to the right bank of the Blackwater and the removal of the pontoon train.

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,South Quay, N. C., May 4, [1863]-2 p. m.

Lieutenant-General LONGSTREET:

GENERAL: My whole force is on the other side. i cannot well withdraw and leave down the pontoon brigade, and there are none of Lieutenant-Colonel Pool's pontoneers here. Please send them at once. I can make a good defense on the other side. Will the pontoneers be Yours, truly,

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding.

Where are the teams for the pontoon wagons? I can take the bridge up with my men to-night.
HEADQUARTERS

South Quay, N. C., May 4, 1863.

Major G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I regard to your note of this morning, I reply that I did comply with the general's orders, and I think did even more than comply. On the 3rd instant the general wrote me, "You will remain on this side until we see if the enemy means any pursuit." And it was arranged that instead of stopping in position at the intersection of the roads I was to form line of battle nearer the river than at the intersection of the roads, on batter ground. When I found General Pickett not at the intersection I guarded the road on which I fell back with two regiment and a battery until he passed. My orders were to defend the passage until we found if the enemy pursued, and incompliance with this order I kept all mu command on the other side. Resides, the contingency of my remaining at the intersection was to do so if Mitchell's wagons has not passed. General Longstreet gave his assent to me and General Jenkins that we should take a portion nearer the river than that mentioned

