
in the order of retreat. The intersection of the roads is marked but 1 mile from the river on the sign-board. I presume the general will remember agreeing with us that we should hold the position which General Jenkins named just before he was ready to leave on the 3rd instant.

Your, respectfully,

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General.

I might add that when I reached the intersection of the road General Pickett's wagon had passed and his artillery was passing, and before the head of this columns made their appearance my command moved to position and there remained until were ordered to cross on this side-in fact are crossing now.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Franklin, Va., May 4, 1863.

Major General S. G. FRENCH, Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Colonel Ferebee's regiment of cavalry has been ordered to Ivor to await orders there from you. The commanding general desires you to relieve the four companies of the Fifty-ninth Georgia Regiment in time for them to rejoin their regiment as it passed, which will be tomorrow. H also wishes you to relieve General Benning's brigade at once, and to establish your guards on the Blackwater by to-night.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 4, 1863-5 p. m.

Major-General ELZEY:

GENERAL: Amid the thousand contradictory statements of respectable citizens, cavalry scouts, &amp;c., the following seems to be the condition of things: One my arrival here yesterday at sunset I learned that the enemy were at Ashland and had captured a train. I think this was only one regiment (Twelfth Illinois), from which we have captured several stragglers. It thence proceeded to Hanover Court-House, burnt property, &c.; thence a portion went off inquiring the road to the White House; the rest came back by the South Anna Bridge at night and passed up the country. The best intelligence (which I believe) is that there are none ow at Fredericksburg, but they have gone in large force south. Some are still on the Fredericksburg Railroad below Ashland. The prisoners say they started with eight days' rations, now nearly exhausted. Cannot the force in Richmond, here at Gordonsville, and under Hampton co-operate to catch them?

The news from General Lee's army continues very favorable. Passengers say that the bridges behind the enemy at Chancellorsville are sunk, and we hope to capture that portion; that they have Marye's Hill, but we will retake it to-day. Firing suddenly ceased at 12 m.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. J. PETTIGREW,

Brigadier-General.

