
and Hunter's troops were on board transports bound for Chesapeake Bay. They are either to co-operate with General Hooker on the Rappahannock or land at White House in case our army is forced back from Fredericksburg. But small force left in North Carolina. Please do not publish the name of Mr. Rogers. Please acknowledge receipt by telegraph.

W. H. F. LEE,

Brigadier-general.

PETERSBURG, VA., May 5, 1863.

Major General S. G. FRENCH, Franklin:

The enemy's cavalry is reported to be in large force north and west of Richmond. Endeavor to have all roads blockaded by felled timber to prevent the escape of the enemy's cavalry to any other force of his south of James River. Trees felled across the roads in [all crossing of] streams would be most likely to effect this. If General Pickett's division on the march for this place? He should march by the Jerusalem pike and keep with him Dearing's and Henry's battalion of artillery and get here as soon as it is possible. Send him this advice if he has not already received. Have roads by which the enemy may approach you blocked, except such as you must use, yourself, and have those well guarded.

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

PETERSBURG, VA., May 5, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL, Goldsborough:

The enemy's cavalry is reported north and west of Richmond. It is supposed to be a very large force. Try and have notice given to the citizens in all direction of this, and get them to go work and block every road by which the enemy may try to a junction with his other forces in North Carolina. Feel trees in all crossing of streams, particularly.

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Kinston, N. C., May 5, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL,

Commanding at Goldsborough:

GENERAL: I will move to-morrow to carry out the verbal instructions you gave me before leaving. I propose to leave the Second Battalion on this side, near the obstructions; to leave Colonel Martin on the Wilmington road to carry on the work there, as I think it should be completed, and to leave a regiment at Wise's Fork, and to send one regiment on the Neuse road to Moseley Creek, and with the remainder of my own and Ransom's brigade to move to Core Creek. The distance is too great for a day's march: I will therefore encamp to-morrow night some 12 or 15 miles from here.

