
I inclose dispatches * received to the movement of the enemy about Pollocksville and on the road to Shepherdsville. I am afraid Captain Wharton has been captured.

Your dispatch from the Secretary of War has been received.

I have no information from New Berne since you left.

Very respectfully,

JUNIUS DANIEL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., May 6, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 5th was received but a few moments ago.

We have reports from scouts and persons from Maryland that Hunter's and Foster's armies are to come to Virginia.

The repulse of Hooker's force does not yet appear to be entirely decided. He has been driven back at all points, but still a position on this side the Rappahannock, near the United States Ford.

Your views regarding our policy I think sound, particularly as I urged the same course as yourself, and it must have been at the same time. Burnside's failure on account of mud was quite evidence enough to me that we had abundance of time of operate wherever we chose.

I shall endeavor to have forces sent you from South Carolina, and shall in all probability call for your forces as the enemy moves north.

Watch his movements carefully and keep us advised.

The enemy's cavalry is still at Columbia, Va., and may try to effect his escape by uniting with Foster. Have all routes that he would most likely take blocked well (for as great a distance as time will admit of) with felled trees. This the citizens must do, as their only means of saving their hoses and slaves. They can delay the enemy until we may have time to overtake him and destroyed him. I am trying to get a mount for Hood's division to send in pursuit, I wish that you would impress every horse that you may be able to find not in necessary use of farms. This is no time to have horses for pleasure; all such must be put into service. If you do not need them send them here.

I remain, general, yours, most respectfully,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, May 6, 1863.

General D. H. HILL, Goldsborough, N. C.:

General Lee urges you should send him Ransom's division. Do so if you can with any safety. Hooker remains on the south side of the Rappahannock in a strong position at the Mine Ford. General Longstreet arrived here last night. His forces are yet in Petersburg.

