
There is a powerful faction in the State poisoning public sentiment and looking to a reconstruction. The soldiers are induced by these traitors to believe that this is an unjust war on the part of the South and that their State soldiers and citizens have been slighted and wronged by the Confederate States Government.

Unless the Government will boldly take this matter in hand and arrest the editors and speakers who are daily uttering treason, the crime of desertion will go on, and I fear that there will be thousands in armed resistance to the Government. The teaching of one paper in this State is treasonable in the highest degree, and the editor certainly is a tory at heart and almost openly.

Respectfully,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

MAY 10, 1863.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

It might be well to correspond with the Governor of North Carolina in relation to the subject matter of the within.

J. D.

GOLDSBOROUGH, N. C., May 10, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, C. S. A.:

Inclosed you will find a letter from Major Whitford, commanding battalion guerrillas. His spelling is rather original, but he is good, brave, and truthful man. The other letter is from Mr. Marshall, until recently our only reliable source of information in New Berne. Foster has expelled him, however, and my information is very vague. We have an employe in Foster's military family who is as true to the South as President Davis. But unfortunately all the communications from this person came through Mr. Marshall, and I have now no agent working in town. With Foster's control of the waters and railroad from Morehead City to New Berne, he has been able to deceive my scouts by movements of troops backward and forward. Our troops have been incessantly harassing them day and night for two months, and the soldiers whose enlistment will expire soon are in a very pleasant state of mind to stay. The Yankees hold the whole county of Carteret, but except to make raids confine themselves to Plymouth, Washington, and New Berne. They do not venture out more than a mile from the first, 3 miles from the second, and 8 from the third, except in the direction of Morehead City.

There are but there approaches to the railroad from New Berne to Carolina City, and these are strongly fortified. The Yankees have been engaged for three weeks in fortifying line from Newport River or Bogue Sound. This looks like an evacuation of New Berne in case of a strong pressure. This looks like an evacuation of New Berne in case of a strong pressure. Ought not that squeeze to be given?

I would not ask for more infantry, but would like to have good rifle guns, not of Richmond make.

Since Foster's disgraceful whipping at Blount Creek by General Pettigrew he has shown no disposition to give a field fight, though the most insinuating methods were used by General Daniel to coax him on.

With great respect,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

