
side of the river; I think it indicates some mysterious move on their part. They have been practicing, too, with very heavy guns, something that has not been done by them for six months before. From their great secrecy about everything, and pretending to be on the eve of sending out the citizens and failing each day to do it, looks to me like an evacuation of the place. I think it is all done to keep up appearances, and could I be certain as to the fortifying of Morehead City I should feel confident.

There has been an order issued by Foster to the effect that no more goods be brought to New Berne by their merchants; that is so. I am certain that the taking and holding it has not done much in the way of restoring the Union, and has been rather a failure than anything else; and as they have stolen all that is in their reach I think they have concluded to leave New Berne and make arrangements to hold Fort Macon and Hatteras and perhaps Roanoke Island.

I think I shall be able soon to open a direct communication to New Berne should they leave any of the citizens there. They have got the news of their defeat at Fredericksburg and acknowledge that Hooker is whipped. Several ladies were down to Barrington yesterday and say that the colonel told them that Hooker was whipped and asked them if we had heard it. They knew nothing about General Jackson being wounded. I hope that General Jackson may recover from his wounds, as the country would lose one of her noblest sons, besides his great services as one among the greatest generals of the age. I pray God he may recover from his wounds.

Very truly, yours,

W. H. MARSHALL.

RICHMOND, May 10, 1863.

Major WILLIAM NORRIS, Chief of Signal Corps:

SIR: I returned from the enemy's lines, in the vicinity of Newport News, yesterday morning before daylight, bringing the following intelligence:

Troops from every quarter are hurrying toward the discomfited army of Hooker. Many have been withdrawn from Suffolk, and only 400 or 500 are left at Fortress Monroe. General Dix, with 5,000 men, 500 wheelbarrows and intrenching tools, left the fortress on Wednesday, it is reported, for the White House. Five hundred cavalry left Yorktown the same day. It is my belief that Dix will not now proceed so far, as I think he was only to occupy that position provided Hooker was victorious, and then this much-coveted city was to have been assailed on all sides. Depredations are daily committed on the defenseless citizens near Suffolk by Dodge's cavalry. I bring a paper of the date of the 7th, which I have sent to the honorable Secretary of War.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

C. H. CAUSEY,

Captain, C. S. Army.

