HEADQUARTERS,Kinston, N. C., May 12, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL,

Commanding at Goldsborough:

GENERAL: Yours of this date has been received. Colonel Martin moved to-day for Greenville. Brabble takes his place on picket.

As soon as Captain Coleman returns, or I am well enough to make the examination, I will have the work extended as you desire.

I am much obliged to you for your kind offer to relieve me by General Cooke, and if everything is quiet here I would like very much to go home for a week or ten days, as my health is poor and I have some business, giving in my texas, &amp;c., which can only be done by myself, as I am the only male member of my family in the State; and as I have paid no attention to my affairs in more than two years I would not be able to do so without an examination. I will be in a mile or two of the telegraph office in Weldon and could return any day should anything occur.

I expected to have had some information from Lieutenant Foy to-day, but have not heard from him.

Our scouts report the enemy's picket posts some 6 or 7 miles below Core Creek. They had not to-day relied the track torn up 4 miles below Core Creek.

I was very much grieved to hear of the death of General Jackson, and think that our victory was a dearly-bought one.

Very respectfully,

JUNIUS DANIEL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Fredericksburg, May 12, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL:

GENERAL: Your letters of the 8th and 10th, with inclosures, are received.* I think that there is every probability that the enemy intends fortifying somewhere near the coast below New Berne, and leaving small garrisons in North Carolina to occupy the forts, with the purpose of sending all the rest of his force here. I have already heard that Suffolk is only occupied now by a small force, some 18,000 having come to re-enforce Hooker's army. The same thing will be done with the forces in North Carolina. In view of this, I have suggested that Clingman's and Evans' brigades be brought to North Carolina and that Ransom's and Cooke's be brought here; also the troops from the blackwater, and that you have command of Petersburg and everything south of that and north of South Carolina. This I presume will be the arrangement for the summer. By threatening the enemy's capital we will be able to draw all of his available force here, and as our strength here increases his must do the same.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

67 R R-VOL XVIII

