
mile from and old dam, on a turn where the water was swift, we found the first party, who fled after one of their number had been tumbled into the river by a shot. Occasional firing was kept up by the enemy for 5 miles, when we came upon a party lodged behind a long house. They stood put one fire from our Parrotts and ran, leaving, as we learned, several of their number killed and wounded. Here we learned from a contraband that a party of 70 had crossed early that morning to obstruct the river at Oldfield Bank Landing, and that, by the addition of others, we might expect to meet 140 men there. We proceeded at once to the place, the enemy keeping up an occasional shot at us. Here we found them in possession of both sides of the river, and occupying the turn so as to fire into the stern of our boats. They opened on the Ocean Wave with a volley which was returned with interest,and the other boats, seeing their position for the fire, opened with grape and canister with such effect that the last boat coming up could find no one to fire at. The boats, after a brief delay, passed on to Street's Ferry, where, meeting the boats of the navy, reported to you.

In the last fight Edwin J. Perkins, of Marine Artillery, was killed, and another of that regiment and a member of the Signal Corps were seriously wounded.

Our loss was 1 killed and 3 severely and several slightly wounded. Of the enemy, 1 was shot from the bridge and fell into the water, and 2 were blown to pieces on the bank. At the log house 30 men are said to have been in it when two 30-pounder Parrotts,loaded with canister, were fired through it at a distance of 200 feet, and at the Oldfield Bank, the fire on the Ocean Wave, North State, and Port Royal was direct and within 400 feet of the enemy.

The Ocean Wave and Allison are somewhat disabled, both by shot and contact with trees; the North State has lost her rudder. The other boats are in good order for use.

Respectfully,

H. A. MANCHESTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Marine Artillery.

Commander A. MURRAY, U. S. Navy.

No. 33. Report of Major General Gustavus W. Smith, C. S. Army, commanding Department of North Carolina and Southern Virginia of operations December 13-18.

PETERSBURG, VA., December 13, 1862.

The force at Suffolk is believed to be still strong and threatening. Evans has been fighting all day in advance of Kinston, principally artillery. We were retiring slowly, and at night the enemy were near the bridge at Kinston. Evans calls for re-enforcements. One regiment started from here at 8 o'clock and one more will start at 6 o'clock in the morning from this place and one from the Blackwater. I will probably not leave this place before to-morrow. Is there anything from Fredericksburg?

G. W. SMITH,

Major-General.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

