
a regiment of cavalry, and some light artillery. They were fortifying across the Peninsula, a mile or so from the Point. It was thought that the post was intended as a refute for stealing parties, runaway slaves, &amp;c., but I fear they will give us more trouble than that, for they can march up in force, threaten the railroad north of North Anna, perhaps attack it, or cross suddenly at Hanover Court-House, do the same on the south side, and return by the White House. As for finding out the strength of any such party, my experience of the cavalry and citizens during the last raid has convinced me it is impossible. As Richmond is os much nearer the White House and West Point you have much better means of obtaining intelligence than I have, and I think ought to be able to give me such information as may be necessary. It seems to me that this triangle between the railroad and the North and South Anna Rivers should be fortified. Had I the tools I could do it myself, but I might be ordered away in the midst, and it would be a great deal better to send an engineer from Richmond, who could continue until the work was done. Works would be required on the North Anna at the crossing of the Telegraph road, the Fredericksburg Railroad, Morris' Bridge, and Bear Island Ford; on the South Anna, at the crossing of the Central Railroad, of the Fredericksburg Railroad, and the Telegraph road; at the two crossings on Little River, and perhaps at the Junction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. PETTIGREW,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS, May 14, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL,Commanding, North Carolina:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 8th is just received. The impressment of horses was ordered at the time that the Yankee cavalry was in position to threaten a raid through North Carolina. It is not necessary therefore to impress further, but all horses that you may have impressed, and that are not necessary to the support of families or used in tilling the soil, had better be retained for our purposes if you are in need of them.

I think that the enemy will probably abandon North Carolina and Southern Virginia, except some posts occupied by small garrisons, and concentrate his great force in front of our army here. If he does I think that a brigade at Goldsborough and one at or near Petersburg will be all of the infantry force that you will need. as I know of no other reliable officer whom we can place in that command I have suggested your name, knowing that you would prefer it to a position here.

I remain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, May 15, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL, Goldsborough, N. C.:

GENERAL: I have received your letter of yesterday's date, and in answer to the several suggestions therein I am authorized to state:

1st-in reference to the bridge and provost guards within your command. If these guards have been mustered in for local defense it will be

