
necessary to refer to the terms entered into with them at the time of their muster, and if they have not secured service at a particular spot they would have to be discharged, if found useless, when their places may be supplied by the militia or by disabled soldiers, as suggested by you. In the event of their discharge such of them as are liable to conscription should be immediately enrolled for general service.

2nd. You will consider the guard to the prisoners at Salisbury as subject to your orders, to be disposed of in such manner as in your judgment the interests of your command shall require, first sending the prisoners by proper escort to this city to report to General Winder.

3rd. In the cases of such of the cavalry of your command as may permit themselves to be surprised or may behave badly in the presence of the enemy, you will make special reports of the facts to this office, in order that authority may be given you to dismount, and where such behavior is repeated, disband the men whose conduct may be so reported; those ordered to be disbanded and who may be subject to conscription to be enrolled to serve as infantry.

4th. You will cause an inspection to be made of Colonel Wheeler's regiment, and if the organization is found unwarranted by the number of troops you will report the fact to this office for orders in the case.

5th. In respect to the exchange of full brigades of your command with skeleton brigades in General Lee's army, I have to state that as General Lee is now in this city a conference will be had with him on the subject of such exchanges, when you will be informed of the result.

I am, general, &amp;c.,

S. COOPER,

Acting Inspector-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 116. Richmond, May 15, 1863.

* * * * * *

VIII. Major General G. E. Pickett will move forward immediately with his command and take position at Hanover Junction.

* * * * * *

X. The artillery battalion attached to Drewry's Bluff and the officers and crew of the gunboat Richmond recently ordered to this city will return immediately to their former commands.

* * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,

Kinston, N. C., May 16, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL, Goldsborough:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of this date directing me to proceed with my brigade to Richmond has been received. Two of the regiments will be ready to leave by 10 o'clock a. m. The others will be ready so soon as transportation can be furnished. The two regiments would have been ready sooner, but all except one were on picket duty at the time the order was received.

Very respectfully, &c.,

JUNIUS DANIEL,

Brigadier-General.

