HEADQUARTERS MARTIN'S BRIGADE,Tarborough, May 16, 1863.

Major ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Goldsborough, N. C.:

MAJOR: I returned here last night from Greenville. I found Captain Coleman had laid out a line of defenses around the town. They do not fulfil all the conditions necessary to a good defense, but I thought it the best the ground would permit. I understood the captain to say General Hill had decided to put the line of defense at Greenville, and I did not examine any other point.

Colonel Griffin was absent from his headquarters visiting his pickets, and I did not see him. The adjutant showed me the picket stations on the map, and they seemed to be well selected.

The telegraph operator at Rocky Mount is said not to understand the English language. It seems to me very desirable that this line should be extended to Tarborough at once. I also think it would be less expensive than to keep a line of couriers on the road.

I shall leave here to-day for Hamilton, where my headquarters will be established till I can become well acquainted with the roads or General Wessells shall mover from Plymouth. The presence of this general in Plymouth with his brigade made it advisable, in my judgment, to move Colonel Martin's regiment to Hamilton. I found also that on account of the scarcity of tools the working detail from the Forty-seventh Regiment would not be heavy.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. MARTIN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS MARTIN'S BRIGADE,Hamilton, May 17, 1863.

Major ARCHER ANDERSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, General Hill's Hdqrs., Goldsborough:

MAJOR: I returned here last night. Another prisoner from the Ninety-sixth New York Regiment was brought in yesterday. I examined him carefully to-day. He confirms in all essential points the information derived from the two whom I examined at the cavalry camp near Williamston. He says the Ninety-second New York, one of Wessells' brigade was left in the fort opposite New Berne, but a Massachusetts regiment took its place in the brigade at Plymouth. The regiments are small; only nine companies in the Ninety-sixth New York; all the officers of Company G in that regiment having resigned-the men were transferred to other were rather larger, but could not say positively. General Hunt had been in Plymouth and in command of Wessells' brigade during the absence of the latter on account of the death of his wife, but had returned to New Berne.

I think I have made such arrangements as will give me information from Plymouth through our own people in a few days.

The Seventeenth reached Hamilton yesterday. Colonel Griffin reports that there are 500 of the enemy's infantry at Hill's Point and the same number at Rodman's farm; ten regiments of infantry, several pieces of light artillery, and about 40 cavalry (Jocknick's), besides a company of 40 cavalry, now in Washington. It is thought there is no

