
other cavalry on the south side of Tar River. The enemy has infantry and cavalry pickets 1 1/2 miles from Washington on the Plymouth, Jamesville, and Williamston road, and fences across the two first named. He has strengthened his earthworks near the town, the work having been done by negroes. Also that there is no direct communication with Washington on either side of the river. Enemy not active and the citizens have not been much troubled on the north side. Bacon is still brought over the lines. This I believe is extensively done, and I think it advisable to permit its continuance and allow the persons doing so to return without difficulty.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. MARTIN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,May 19, 1863.

Brigadier-General PETTIGREW,

Commanding Forces at Hanover Junction:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 14th instant is received.

The commanding general desires me to inform you that he thinks it best that you should dispose of all your cavalry to the east and south of the railroad and depend upon the cavalry of this army to cover you in the direction of the Rappahannock and Gordonsville, your cavalry being disposed so as to watch the enemy in the direction of West Point and the Peninsula. The general further desires that you will always keep your command well in hand, so as to be able to operate in any direction with the greatest promptness.

You will find inclosed the order regulating the transportation of baggage of the army. You are desired to regulate the transportation of your command according to this order.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. LONG,

Colonel and Military Secretary.

HAMILTON, N. C., May 18, 1863.

General HILL, Commanding, &amp;c., Goldsborough:

GENERAL: I regret I should not have understood your wishes about the Seventeenth North Carolina Regiment, as I would not then have moved it to this point. As it is here, and the officers and men are well acquainted with the roads and swamps of this vicinity, due from a tour of field service, I shall order Colonel Gibbs to Greenville.

I shall leave for Greenville to-morrow to make it my headquarters. Your letter of the 17th was received at 1 o'clock. This will be sent by return courier.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. MARTIN,

Brigadier-General.

None of the unattached companies have arrived here, and nothing has been heard of any of them in answer to the Governor's order.

