
Be assured, sir, that I will inform every department in the seceded States of the plan and the time, that the movement may thus be general and simultaneous.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUGUSTUS S. MONTGOMERY.

NOTE.-This letter may be sent to other departments farther south after having gone the rounds of yours, which will show to all that the plan is being generally adopted.

DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA.

Approved.

C. MARSHALL,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT SOUTHERN VIRGINIA,Ivor, May 22, 1863.

Major General ARNOLD ELZEY, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have received your telegrams respecting Smoot's battery. Ever since I have been here (after leaving Richmond) we have been occupied with the enemy. They appeared at Carrsville with 12,000 men, thirty pieces of artillery, and cavalry, and commenced taking up the railroad. They were driven back 2 miles to where they were strongly intrenched. Last night information came that there were three gunboats coming up the Chowan and that they were not far below the Meherrin, and to-day they are in strong force within 8 miles of this place; nevertheless I ordered back the guns, though much wanted to protect the steamers we have at Franklin and for the defenses of the river.

Yours, very respectfully,

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,May 2, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL,

Commanding District of North Carolina:

GENERAL: I am informed by telegram from General Cooper that you have received my telegram but not my letter from Richmond of the 16th.* I herewith inclose you a copy of the letter. I have nothing in addition to say, further than our scouts have not reported the passage of any large fleets of vessels (transports) from Suffolk up the Potomac, but have reported a number of individual vessels bearing troops. Re-enforcements of 30,000 men have also reached Hooker from the direction of Washington since the late battles. Four gunboats are reported ascending the Rappahannock below Urbana, and a scout who has just returned from the enemy's lines reports that every indication leads to the belief that he is preparing for an early move.

Your particular attention is called to the inclosed letter, and you are desired to push forward re-enforcements from North Carolina as rapidly

---------------

*See Lee to Hill, of that date.

---------------

