
I arrived here at 3 p.m. The telegraph with General Evans is cut off. By latest information he was at Falling Creek, 6 miles this side of Kinston. Enemy now estimate at 30,000 and scouts report re-enforcements constantly arriving from New Berne. Governor Vance is here. He tells me that all accounts agree in stating that our troops behaved admirably in the engagement of yesterday.

G. W. SMITH,

Major-General.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

WELDON, N. C., December 15, 1862.

Your telegram is received.* I have ordered three regiments of Daniel's brigade, the three Mississippi regiments and two batteries from Richmond,one regiment from Petersburg,and one from the Blackwater and batteries to be sent as soon as possible to Goldsborough. Please ask the Quartermaster-General to do everything in his power to expedite their transportation. Evans retired this side the river about dark and burned the bridge. General Beauregard will send 5,000 infantry and three batteries.

G. W. SMITH,

Major-General.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON.

[Indorsement.]

Preparation has been made to send forward all the troops referred to in this dispatch as soon as they can be ready to-day. The three regiments of Daniel's brigade will march to Petersburg with the batteries and take rail from there. The Mississippi regiments will go by rail all the way; start at 12 m.

Respectfully,

A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General.

GOLDSBOROUGH, N. C., December 16, 1862.

MY DEAR SIR: Your letter of Sunday,reached me at this place last night. I received your telegram of Sunday night at Weldon,and from that place by telegraph ordered troops forward to this point - one regiment of infantry from the Blackwater,one from Petersburg, and six from Richmond, with three batteries of artillery, leaving on the Blackwater two regiments of infantry, two of cavalry, and several batteries; one regiment at Petersburg, a small guard at Weldon,and a guard at the battery at the obstructions in the Roanoke near Hamilton. I arrived here after 3 p.m. yesterday, and sent you by telegraph a statement of the condition of affairs. At 12 o'clock midnight it was reported that the enemy were passing up the river on the south side toward Dudley Station or this place. General Evans appealed strongly for cavalry, reporting that he had one company. I had none,nor troops of any kind. I improvised,with the assistance of the Governor, who is here,

---------------

*See Confederate correspondence. Communication from Seddon to Smith, dated December 14, 1862, post.

---------------

