
as circumstances will permit. I wish to be able to oppose the full strength of this army to the enemy when it becomes necessary to meet him again.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

CAMP FREDERICKSBURG, May 22, 1863.

General ARNOLD ELZEY, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Captain Capps, Fifteenth Virginia Cavalry, on duty in King William County, reports that Mr. Davis, whose home is at West Point, and who at this time is employed in the Confederate Navy, has been noticing the movements of the enemy, and states that they have left in part. Three transports left on the 15th loaded with troops. There appears now to be there two squadrons of cavalry, one company artillery, and a small portion of infantry. About 1,000 negroes are at work on the intrenchments. All the gunboats and transports have left except two. They appear to be ferry-boats. Have you received intelligence corroborating this, or can you ascertain what is the condition of things? It was reported yesterday that four gunboats were ascending the Rappahannock and had come within 12 miles of Tappahannock. Milroy has recrossed the mountains and returned to the valley. Our scouts north of the Rappahannock report indications of another move on the part of General Hooker. Seven pieces of artillery and some infantry have reached Stafford Court-House from Dumfries. Heintzelman is said to have joined him. Reports from Alexandria state that 30,000 new troops are to be sent to him. May I ask you to report these circumstances to the Secretary of War for his information?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 122. Richmond, May 22, 1863.

* * * * *

X. Major Wren will proceed with his battalion in the direction of Lynchburg, Va., to guard the passes on the James River. Quartermaster's and commissary departments will provide forage and rations.

* * * * *

XX. Brigadier General George H. Steuart, Provisional Army of the Confederate States, will proceed without delay to Fredericksburg, Va., and report to General R. E. Lee for assignment to duty.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,

Wilmington, May 23, 1863.

Major-General HILL, Commanding, &c., Goldsborough:

GENERAL: I send you a note from Shays.* They seem over the lines to be busy fortifying themselves. I do not think they will shortly

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

