
Unless there be a cavalry force on the left bank to give notice of the enemy's approach, by a sudden raid across from Winston, our work can be destroyed by a night's raid, thus crushing all our hopes of repossessing Albemarle Sound.

It is not for me to suggest any course to you, who are so much better qualified to determine what should be done, and I simply express my anxiety for the vessels, upon which we are working with all possible rapidity, and eke you to protect them, for I have not men sufficient to compose the crew of the iron-clad almost completed here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. LYNCH,

Flag-Officer, Commanding Naval Defenses, North Carolina.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, June 7, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Hill.

JAMES LONGSTREET,Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

May 26, 1863.

His Excellency ZEBULON B. VANCE,

Governor of North Carolina, Raleigh:

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 21st instant, with its inclosures, for which I return you my thanks.

I think the course pursued by you with reference to the letter of Montgomery, in withholding it from publication, judicious and proper. I would suggest that measures be taken to advise all the State authorities and military commanders privately of the proposed insurrection, in order that they may be upon their guard and take the necessary precautions to prevent the movement and protect public and other property.

I thank you for the copy of the order showing the regiments of nine months' men that go out of service, and hope your adjutant-general may succeed in ascertaining the number of regiments in the Department of North Carolina. The information would be useful, and I should like to have it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,May 26, 1863.

The Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose to you a copy of a letter forwarded to me on the 21st instant by His Excellency Governor Vance, of North Carolina.* Governor Vance states that it is a copy of an original letter addressed to General Foster, and recently taken in a Federal mail, captured by some of our troops in the State service. The Governor also says that he has not given publicity or the letter, a course which I have advised him that I consider prudent and judicious. I have suggested

---------------

*See inclosure to Vance's letter, p. 1063.

---------------

