
to Governor Vance to cause the State and military authorities to be confidentially advised of the proposed movement, that proper precautionary measures may be adopted. Without knowing anything of the letter or the writer, further than may be inferred from the apparent indications of the connection of the latter either with those in authority or with others who have united to carry out this diabolical project, I deem it my duty to lay the matter before you for such action as you may see fit to take in the premises.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 20. Goldsborough, May 26, 1863.

The department commander announces the well-known fact of the death of the great and good Jackson, not merely in order to at a tribute or the illustrious dead, but also to incite the troops to imitate his example. His name has been identified with almost all the great battles of the war, and his genius and courage have been the chief elements in Southern success and Yankee discomfiture. The eagle glance and iron will of the great commander were happily united in him with the patient, uncomplaining endurance of the common soldier.

His wonderful battles have contributed largely to our independence, and his great fame has shed a halo of glory over his beloved South. But his virtues as a man will be as fondly remembered by his countrymen as the brilliant deeds of his military career. He has taught us that he whole most fears God the least fears man; that the most exalted courage may be associated with the modesty of the shrinking girl; that the lips which were never defiled with ribaldry and profanity could cheer on most loudly amidst the roar of cannon and the clash of arms. His whole life was a rebuke to the intriguing, the selfish, the cowardly, the vulgar, and the profane.

The pure man will be loved as much as the heroic soldier will be admired in the future ages of the republic.

Let us drop our laurel upon his bier, but remember that we may best honor him by striving day and night, and with his unwavering trust in god, to secure the independence for which he gave his life.

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

GOLDSBOROUGH, N. C., May 27, 1863.

Major-General WHITING:

GENERAL: Ransom has been ordered to Virginia. His first regiment leaves to-day. This makes us very weak. The mail captured by the guerrillas showed the astonishing fact that there are thirty-one regiments at New Berne,and that instead of sending off they have been receiving troops. Nine regiments are there mentioned which were not in my original list and of which I have never seen any mention in their papers. Take care that we are not all bagged some of these days.

Jones, the great brigand, was really killed in my chase of him the other day. He was a bold, dangerous, bad man. His work has been that of the Comanche.

I am afraid that our scouts knew nothing of the strength of the Yan

68 R R-VOL XVIII

