
The Governor is calling back his negroes, which troubles me greatly. You know I am not yet ready and have not yet guns enough. The labor of the past two months has been immense.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 127. Richmond, Va., May 28, 1863.

* * * * *

II. The Department of North Carolina will hereafter include the Department of Southern Virginia as far north as to embrace the city of Petersburg and its environs, and including the Appomattox River. All the troops within this department, thus extended, will be under the command of Major General D. H. Hill. The arrangements for the parole and exchange of prisoners by the Appomattox River will, as heretofore, be under the control of the agent for exchange (Colonel Ould), and the disposal of the prisoners, after paroled or exchanged, will be directed by the orders of Brigadier General [J. H.] Winder, commanding the Department of Henrico.

III. Major General S. G. French is relieved from the Department of Southern Virginia, and will proceed without delay to Mississippi, where he will report for duty to General Joseph E. Johnston.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, May 29, 1863.

General R. E. LEE, Fredericksburg, Va.:

GENERAL: Hill says he has reported to you as to condition in North Carolina.

To withdraw Ransom's, Cooke's, and Jenkins' brigades is to abandon the country to the enemy, if last information be correct.

Jenkins' brigade was exchanged for the one which had previously guard the approach across the Blackwater, and which is understood to have gone up with General Pickett.

Ransom has been promoted, to relieve General French, ordered to Mississippi.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

RICHMOND, VA., May 30, 1863.

His Excellency ZEBULON B. VANCE:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 21st instant, conveying a copy a letter from the enemy, in which a plan is proposed to General Foster for a general insurrection of the slaves on the night of August 1, to destroy railroad bridges, &amp;c. Please accept my thanks for the information conveyed. The matter has been referred to the special attention of the Secretary of War, who will communicate a warning to generals commanding armies in the field.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

