
Davis', Cooke's, Ransom's, Clingman's, and Martin's brigades a large amount of field artillery, and three regiments of cavalry; one of the latter, in addition to the two sent, he has offered to send me. I have directed him to suspend the execution of the orders from me and await orders from the Adjutant and Inspector General.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,May 30, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL,

Commanding Department South of James:

GENERAL: Your letter of May 27 has been received. I telegraphed to you this morning to suspend the execution of my order of the 25th instant. The President will give you such orders as he may see fit. I know nothing of the force in your front, but I attach no importance to the estimate of the enemy's forces in New Berne based on the captured mail. These letters only go to show that the writers thought these regiments were in New Berne at the time they wrote.

One of longstreet's scouts, in whom he places some confidence, has just returned from Fortress Monroe. He reports some of Foster's forces at that point, and that Foster, Dix, and Keyes are at Yorktown and West Point.

From the returns of Pettigrew's and Daniel's brigades the effective force of the two is 5,844. Two cavalry regiments give 1,068 effectives. Estimating the third regiment of cavalry at 500, this will a total effective of 7,500 sent from your department. Each of the two brigades is reported to have left one regiment in North Carolina.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

RICHMOND, May 30, 1863.

General D. H. HILL, Petersburg, Va.:

What force can you spare to General Lee on the basis of his proposition to you? Was a regiment of Pettigrew's and another of Daniel's brigade left in your department? What became of the force on the Blackwater which was substituted by Jenkins' brigade? Did it join Pickett's division and was it a brigade?

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, May 30, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I inclose you a copy of a confidential letter just received from General Lee.* You will perceive he anticipates a serious effort on the part of the enemy by a sudden inroad to possess themselves of Richmond, and urges timely preparation. This impression on General Lee's part accounts in a measure for his orders for the removal of troops

---------------

*See Lee to Davis, p. 1078.

---------------

