
SECRETARY OF WAR:

Is this not the same information which was before you when discussing the distributions of troops with General Hill when he was last in this city? If the evidence of force at New Berne, &amp;c., has not been sent to General Lee, it would be well to forward copies of these letters.

J. D.

JUNE, 3 1863.

ASSISTANT SECRETARY:

Let copies of these letters be made out and sent with a letter to General Lee, stating that at the suggestion of the President they are sent for his information and that his attention is respectfully invited to them.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

PETERSBURG, May 30, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

All five of Pettigrew's regiments and battery have gone to him. Four regiments, a battalion, and battery of Daniel's have been sent, leaving one regiment behind. I do not know what troops General Jenkins relieved. I could exchange Cooke's for Ransom's brigade.

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, May 30, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL, Petersburg, Va.:

Let one of the regiments come here and retain the other two at Petersburg.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., May 30, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL, Commanding, &c.:

DEAR GENERAL: You must have received my letter in answer to yours for subterra shells before this. I have instructed Major Cross in the use of both subterra shells and submarine mortar shells. The latter, I think, you can get here already cast, and from san experience at Charleston in accidentally sinking one of our own vessels, which negligently was suffered to drift upon one of the latter (she sunk in twenty second), no doubt can exist of their efficacy; and I learn this morning it was ne of the same which sunk the enemy in Yazoo River.

I wrote a book with drawings, &c., and gave it to the President. It caused him to enter with zest into the schemes, and behold I find myself ousted from my position as superintendent of Bureau of Conscription and ordered to Vicksburg, I protested, knowing General Johnston's opinion, but it was no go, and he ordered the Secretary of War to write the following:

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., May 27, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON, Commanding:

GENERAL: Brigadier General G. J. Rains having been detailed for duty in connection with torpedoes and subterra shells, has been ordered to report to you. The President has

