
heavy guns, &amp;c., from Suffolk to that point. Also that they are sending away valuables, &c.

The scouts report that a brigade was sent away in transports some five days ago. The Yankee soldiers thought they were going to join Hooker.

I hope to obtain more definite information in a few days.

I am, major, with great respect, your obedient servant,

M. JENKINS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MARTIN'S BRIGADE,Greenville, June 1, 1863.

Major ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Petersburg, Va.:

MAJOR: Colonel Martin writes to me that he has received information from a gentleman just arrived from Edenton, N. C., that a cavalry expedition is being fitted out at that place, destination unknown, and that all communication from there to Plymouth has been cut off. His informant is a trustworthy man.

Colonel Martin further reports the enemy still fortifying at Plymouth. General Wessells' full brigade there, supposed to be 2,500 men.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. MARTIN,

Brigadier-General.

GREENVILLE, N. C., June 1, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL, Petersburg, Va.:

GENERAL: Since writing to you this morning I have heard through a person employed to collect information from the people on this river the following:

On Friday last one steamer loaded with troops came up the river to Washington; on Saturday two, also with troops; one of these was Foster's boat. During the nights of Friday and Saturday several boats went down the river; no troops seen. The general impression made o n the people on the river was that they were changing troops. Some of them, however, thought the enemy was re-enforcing preparatory to a raid. He has been very strict for several days in not allowing any communication with Washington.

I am inclined to the opinion that he is organizing a formidable force at Edenton with a view to Weldon, from Colerain or Winton, on the Chowan. The Colerain route to Weldon has always been considered by our people the most dangerous one to us the enemy could take to approach Weldon.

I have yet heard nothing of the movement of Moore's battery or Nethercutt's battalion. Have they been ordered to Bertie?

I think the best disposition to make of Colonel Griffin would be to place him in command of all the troops beyond the Roanoke. Could the company of his regiment now at Franklin be sent to him in Bertie or Hertford?

Please let me know if you intended that I should act on the applications for leave of officers. I supposed so, from several being returned to me without indorsement.

I understand General Ransom has left the State.

Did you intend by your letters to me that I should assume command

