
he said he has prepared an answer which he would soon send, but if has not come in. I wrote you this morning that he was now in Bertie. You said nothing about Moore's battery. What is to be done with Griffin's artillery company? It seems to me a dead waste of horses to put an artillery company in one of our regiments of cavalry.

Reports in town to-day from the country people on the other side of the river that the enemy is reducing his force in Washington. No fact mentioned showing this to be the case.

One of the men sent forward Plymouth reported to Colonel Martin to-day that only three regiments remain in and near Plymouth-Eighty-eighth Pennsylvania and Ninety-sixth and One hundred and third New York. The Ninety-sixth is at Warren's Neck, still intrenching there, and also immediately around the town. It may be necessary for me to keep one company of Griffin's regiment for some days, whilst I am making the arrangement for the infantry to take their places as cavalry or couriers.

I have sent parties out on the Chowan to try to find out something of what is going on there. Will keep you informed of everything I hear.

I am, general, very truly, yours,

J. G. MARTIN,

Brigadier-General.

The enemy is evidently increasing his intrenchments at Washington as well as Plymouth. I infer from this he intends to reduce his force.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, June 2, 1863.

General R. E. LEE, Near Fredericksburg:

Reliable intelligence informs that the enemy have evacuated West Point, and probably to a great extent Yorktown and Gloucester Point, and are marching in a column of 2,000 or 3,000 men on both sides of the Piankatank northwest. This may be meant to cover some movement of Hooker to the Lower Rappahannock, and across or up the Piankatank, or it may be a mere division. You can best judge. I telegraph the above to the commander at Hanover Junction for his information.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,Taylorsville, June 2, 1863.

Major General ARNOLD ELZEY, Commanding, &amp;c., Richmond:

GENERAL: I received last night about 12 o'clock a telegram addressed to the commanding officer at Hanover Junction and from the Secretary of War, to the effect that a strong cavalry force of the enemy was reported upon reliable authority advancing up King and Queen County, and to guard the railroad bridges over the Mattapony. This being more in General Pettigrew's line, and he being under your command, at least so considered by me, I immediately sent a staff officer to communicate with him. He placed little or no credence in the report; said that he had a cavalry scout already out in the direction indicated; that all the railroad bridges are guarded. He did not seem to know, however, anything regarding Milford Depot. I attempted to telegraph Milford to ascertain what, if any, force was there, but failed. I advised him to send to Hanover Court-House a guard, but he replied he had no force to spare. I therefore, considering it important, started one of Arm

