
istead's regiments for that point at 4 a. m. this morning. I suppose, however, General P. has communicated the steps he may have taken.

I received a telegram yesterday from General Lee to send 8 wagons and a guard to Newton for bacon. I know of no such place. Telegraphed immediately to find out what place was meant. As usual from those headquarters, received no reply. There is a place called Newtown in King and Queen County; that may be the one intended. I detailed the guard, but have not ordered the train off on account of the news of the cavalry raid. Please communicate with the Secretary of War in regard to these matters, letting him know what steps I have taken, and telegraph me at once should anything have been developed.

I send this by my aide-de-camp, Captain Baird, who will go in on horseback, neither myself nor staff being allowed to travel on the Fredericksburg cars without an order from General Lee. This circumstances and its great detriment to the facilities of expending military movements of importance I have reported three times to General Lee's headquarters (first communication two weeks since), but cannot obtain even the scratch of a pen in reply. It would be well, general, to mention this fact to the Secretary of War, asking for some authority for you and myself to communicate directly with each other and by this train. I sent my assistant adjutant-General down by the Fredericksburg train the other day on duty and he was summarily ejected at Ashland.

Captain Baird has just returned from a scout to the Rappahannock and can probably give you some information concerning that portion of the country. I am under orders to be ready to move at a moment's notice with three days' rations; no route indicated.

If there is nothing to prevent it, and you think it not injudicious, I will come in on the Central train and meet you at your office this evening about 6.30.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. PICKETT,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 2, 1863.

This paper was forwarded by General Pickett through me to General Elzey, who requested me to lay it before the honorable Secretary of War, as he was unable from sickness to see him personally.

Respectfully submitted,

E. R. BAIRD,

Aide-de-Camp.

For conference with General Elzey 3rd June, 1863.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

SOUTH ANNA BRIDGE, June 3, 1863.

[Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON:]

The enemy encamped last night at Norman's Ferry, on the Pamunkey, and are now advancing, I think, to South Anna Bridge. Until further developments I shall keep one regiment and one gun at North Anna; the balance I have concentrated here. I am glad you are sending more men. One more regiment will be enough. Reports vary as to their strength from 3,000 to 10,000. My position at South Anna is strong, and unless the enemy turn me I have no fear. I will do my best.

E. D. HALL,

Colonel, Commanding.

