
Unassigned.

1st New York Mounted Rifles, Colonel Charles C. Dodge.

11th Pennsylvania Cavalry, Colonel Samuel P. Spear.

Massachusetts Light Artillery, 7th Battery, Captain Phineas A. Davis.

4th U. S. Artillery, Battery D, Captain Frederick M. Follett.

4th U. S. Artillery, Battery L, Captain Robert W. V. Howard.

Wisconsin Light Artillery, 2nd Battery, Captain Charles Beger.

Wisconsin Light Artillery, 4th Battery, First Lieutenant George B. Easterly.

YORKTOWN, VA.*

Major General ERASMUS D. KEYES.

Busteed's Brigade.

Brigadier General RICHARD BUSTEED.

4th Delaware, Colonel Arthur H. Grimshaw.

169th Pennsylvania, Colonel Lewis W. Smith.

178th Pennsylvania, Colonel James Johnson.

179th Pennsylvania, Colonel William H. Blair.

Reserve Artillery, Fourth Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel EDWARD H. FLOOD.

New York Light Artillery, 8th Battery, Captain Butler Fitch.

1st Pennsylvania Light Artillery, Battery E, Captain Thomas G. Orwig.

1st Pennsylvania Light Artillery, Battery H, Captain Andrew Fagan.

5th U. S. Artillery, Battery M, Captain James McKnight.

Unassigned.

172nd Pennsylvania, Colonel Charles Kleckner.

6th New York Cavalry (3rd Battalion), Major William P. Hall.

5th Pennsylvania Cavalry, Lieutenant Colonel William Lewis.

1st New York Light Artillery, Battery F, Captain William R. Wilson.

1st New York Light Artillery, Battery H, Lieutenant Charles E. Mink.

CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

HEADQUARTERS, Petersburg, Va., March 12, 1863.

His Excellency ZEBULON B. VANCE, Governor of North Carolina:

SIR: Your favor of the 4th instant was received at Wilmington on the 8th. The removal of General Pryor from the Blackwater was made necessary by other movements of troops. I can assure you and the good people in whose behalf you write that the change will in no way disparage their interest. The officer now in command on the blackwater is one of our most energetic and enterprising brigadiers. I can safely assure you that yourself and the citizens will be quiet well satisfied with the change after the officer is known. General Pryor's command was only in this department for the winter. It will soon return to the command where it properly belongs-Western Virginia. I hope that this may be a satisfactory explanation of the recent change on the Blackwater.

I thank you sincerely for your kind expressions about myself, and trust that I may be able to fulfill your expectations. We have many difficulties to contend with, and one of the most serious is the want of system and order in our transportation. If you can assist us in regulating this, I think that we can promise you important results in our operations.

---------------

*Includes troops at Gloucester Point and Williamsburg, Va.

---------------

