
SEPTEMBER 9, 1862.- Skirmish at Williamsburg, Va.

Reports of Major General John A. Dix, U. S. Army, commanding the Department of Virginia, and resulting correspondence and orders.

YORKTOWN, VA., September 9, 1862.

Colonel Campbell, of the Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, was attacked this morning at Williamsburg and disgracefully beaten, partly by had management and partly by the cowardly conduct of some of his men. I am glad to say that others behaved with proper spirit. The colonel and some 6 or 7 other officers are prisoners. I have not yet been able to ascertain the extent of the loss.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major-General HALLECK.

FORT MONROE, VA.,

September 10, 1862 - 6.30 p. m.

The loss yesterday in the attack on the Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry was the colonel, 2 majors, and 5 other officers and 29 men captured; 1 officer and 55 men missing; 7 killed and 13 wounded. We took 2 prisoners, from, whom I learned that the attacking party consisted of a mixed force of Georgians, South Carolinians, and Virginians, certainly not exceeding 300 men. One of the majors ran away, and if a court cannot be found who have courage enough top shoot him he should be dismissed the service. I will report on his case especially. What remains of the regiment, about 430 men in all, are at Williamsburg, the rebels having retired.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 10, 1862.

Order immediately a court-martial on the cowards of Williamsburg. If no one has courage to have them shot report them here, so that we can ask the President to cashier them.*

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

Major-General DIX, Fort Monroe, Va.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 11, 1862.

Order a court of you have officers suitable. If not, get the facts in relation to the bad conduct of the officers and I will ask the President to canister them.

What is the object of holding Williamsburg? Why not withdraw the garrison to Yorktown?

---------------

* See Halleck, September 12, in "Correspondence, etc." post

---------------

