
only ceasing his fire when all of his command, save his support, were over the bridge. Captain Reinhart's cavalry were cold and staid by me until order over the bridge.

the command with the artillery were posted then upon the left bank. I then joined General Evans, who was near the bridge,and in a few seconds discovered the railroad bridge on fire. At his request I immediately reported the fact to you. A short time after seeing you I accompanied you to the field. Clingman had recrossed and was on the right near the railroad. As I crossed in your company, Evans' command were crossing. He was starting a regiment in toward the railroad bridge when we crossed. I then accompanied you to the extreme right to the extreme right to Clingman's position, from whence I had informed you you could see the whole field. While with General Clingman a portion of his command had charged the enemy and rejoined his line while we were in company with him. Clingman's whole line then advanced, upon which we crossed to the left (General Evans' position). Upon reaching General Evans we found our whole line up to the railroad embankment. It was then dark and the firing had ceased. The large number of the enemy, strongly posted with numerous artillery, the darkness and extreme coldness of the night, induced me to give my opinion in the council in favor of withdrawing to the right bank of the river, which was effected deliberately before midnight.

I have the honor to inclose the report of Colonel Pool.

Respectfully submitted.

W. H. STEVENS,

Lieutenant-Colonel of Engineers.

Major General GUSTAVUS W. SMITH.

No. 35. Reports of Brigadier General Nathan G. Evans, C. S. Army, commanding Brigade, of operations December 13-17.

KINSTON, N. C., December 14, 1862.

General Foster attacked Kinston yesterday with 15,000 men and nine gunboats. I fought him then hours. Haven driven back his gunboats. His army is still in my front. I think I can hold my position.

N. G. EVANS,

Brigadier-General.

General S. COOPER.

HEADQUARTERS EVANS' BRIGADE, Near Goldsborough, N. C., December 20, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of the troops under my command in the recent engagements near Kinston, White Hall, and at the railroad bridge near this place:

On Saturday, the 13th instant, the enemy approached Kinston in considerable force and attacked the line of our forces under the immediate command of Colonel James D. Radcliffe, North Carolina Troops, who had taken position on the west side of Southwest Creek. At 10 o'clock I arrived on the ground and assumed command, and ordered Colonel Radcliffe to take command of the left wing at the crossing of the upper Trent

