
mile General Clingman became engaged with the enemy in heavy force. I directed Evans' brigade to advance to his support. On reaching the railroad I found the enemy drawn up in line of battle marching up to the railroad. I then directed my brigade to cross the railroad and engage the enemy, which was done in a spirited manner. I also herewith inclose General Clingman's report, together with a list of killed and wounded.

In conclusion I would call the attention of the major-general commanding to the gallant conduct and admirable judgment of Colonel Radcliffe, who had disposed his troops to dispute every advance of the enemy,and regret to add that, holding his position to the last of the fight, he was taken prisoner, but readily paroled. The following officers were observed by myself as conspicuous in the battles of Saturday and Sunday: Colonel P. Mallett, North Carolina Troops; Captain [M. G.] Zeigler, Holcombe Legion; Adjt. W. P. Du Bose, wounded while leading his regiment; Captain [S. A.] Durham, [Company H], Twenty-third South Carolina Volunteers, wounded severely leading his regiment in action at the railroad.

To the promptness of General Clingman in obeying my orders I am particularly indebted for the repulse at the railroad near Goldsborough.

To my personal staff (Captain A. L. Evans and First Lieutenant Samuel J. Corrie, aide-de-camp) I am much indebted, both for the intrepidity and alacrity with which they obeyed my orders, both often leading troops in action. I recommend both to the especial attention of the major-general commanding. Colonel John A. Baker, Forty-fourth [Forty-first] North Carolina Troops, deserves especial notice; though suffering with a slight wound, was very energetic as my assistant through the engagement of the two days.

Colonels Radcliffe and Mallett being paroled prisoners,the reports of their respective commands will be forwarded as soon as exchanged.

Herewith please find list* of killed and wounded in my brigade. The lists from the other commands have not been furnished me.

Very respectfully submitted.

N. G. EVANS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major S. W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Goldsborough, N. C.

No. 36. Report of Colonel Peter Mallett, North Carolina Battalion, of engagement at Kinston, December 14.
HEADQUARTERS EVANS' BRIGADE, Wilmington, N. C., March 26, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward the report of Colonel P. Mallett, commanding battalion, of the action of his command at the battle of Kinston, N. C. I forwarded this report direct, as my report had been sent in some time since.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,N. G. EVANS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

