
it without a struggle. The two regiments stationed near the river likewise advanced to it without loss, and, as I subsequently learned, Evans' brigade soon filled up the center. After retreating from this position the enemy occupied a higher field in our front with a large number of cannon and heavy bodies of infantry drawn up in two lines with an interval of 100 or 200 yards between them. As soon as Lieutenant Fuller opened on them with his gun their artillery, which had previously directed its fire against our left where the regiments of Marshall and Allen were stationed, was shifted and its concentrated volleys were poured upon our right. This position approached within 400 yards there, while from our left it was more than a half mile distant. With the large number of pieces they had in play it is a wonder they did not succeed in disabling a single gun. Notwithstanding the disparity of force and the loss of several of his men, Lieutenant Fuller, with the greatest gallantry, continued to reply until darkness put an end to contest. During the evening the regiments of Colonels Marshall and Allen, by General Evans' order as I have since learned, made a charge against the enemy's position on the hill. They advanced most courageously, but were repulsed by heavy showers of grape and musketry. As they had to move across an open space of 1,000 yards, swept by heavy batteries supported by large masses of infantry, it was barely possible that they could carry such a position. Their prompt and daring attempt furnished the highest evidence of their courage and readiness to obey orders. Immediately after dark the enemy retreated with his entire army,and soon after we recrossed the river, the troops under my command following General Evans' brigade and bringing up the rear. The entire force at my disposition that day was rather below 2,000 men.

The loss was:

Command.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.

Marshall's regiment	 11	 58	 10

Allen's regiment	 6	 43	 8

Shaw's regiment	 3	 6	 ---

Devane's regiment	 ---	 ---	 ---

Total	 20	 107	 18

I cannot give the casualties of Fuller's section precisely. I learn that the loss in the two first-names regiments occurred mainly in the charge above referred to; but for this we should had the satisfaction of knowing that we had, with vastly force, driven the enemy from a strong position and obliged his whole army to retreat almost without loss of our part.

In conclusion I take pleasure in saying that the officers and men in all the regiments behaved in a manner creditable to veteran troops.

Captain Edward White, my assistant adjutant-general, and Captain A. M. Erwin, my aide-de-camp, were energetic and prompt in carrying orders to all parts of the field.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

T. L. CLINGMAN,

Brigadier-General.

Captain A. L. EVANS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Evans' Brigade.

