
Colonel Williams' cavalry was sent to General Burnside when he had none for reconnoitering the enemy. I have none here to send you at present.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

Major-General DIX, Fort Monroe, Va.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 19. Fort Monroe, Va., September 25, 1862.

I. Before a general court-martial, of which Major General John J. Peck is president, convened at Yorktown, Va., pursuant to Paragraph III, Special Orders, Numbers 97, current series, from these headquarters, of September 11, 1862, was arraigned and tried-

Major JACOB P. WILSON, Fifth Regiment Pennsylvania Cavalry, upon the following charges and specifications:

Charge I.- Misbehavior before the enemy.

Specification.-In this: That he, Jacob P. Wilson, a major in the Fifth Regiment of Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry, in the service of the United States, while on duty with his regiment at or near Williamsburg, Va., did misbehaved himself before the enemy, and did shamefully abandon his post and command and run away. This at or near said Williamsburg, and between said Williamsburg and Yorktown, VA., on or about the 9th day of September, 1862.

CHARGE II.- Speaking words inducing others to misbehave themselves before the enemy and to run away and to shamefully abandon the post which he or they were commanded to defend.

Specification.- In this: That he, said Jacob P. Wilson, major as aforesaid, being stationed with his regiment at or near said Williamsburg, which post he and they were commanded to defend, did speak words induced members of his regiment, or some of them, to misbehave themselves before the enemy, to shamefully abandon said post, and to run away. This at or near Williamsburg, on or about September 9, 1862.

CHARGE III.- Cowardice.

Specification.- In this: That said Jacob P. Wilson, major as aforesaid, while stationed with his regiment at or near said Williamsburg, and before the enemy, did, in a cowardly manner, misbehave, abandon his post and command, and run away. This at or near Williamsburg, Va., on or about the 9th day of September, 1862.

PLEA.- Not guilty.

FINDING OF THE COURT.

I. Upon careful consideration the court finds the accused, Major Jacob P. Wilson, Fifth Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry, "Not guilty," of each and all of the charges and specifications, and thereupon acquits him.

II. The proceedings and finding of the court are approved. Major Wilson will resume his sword and return to duty.

The encounter at Williamsburg, on which the charges against Major Wilson are founded, was, under all its aspects, most disgraceful to the regiment to which he belonged. The force of the enemy was certainly not superior to ours. The commanding officer had full notice of the

