
be known,and if you see no objection I would be glad to have the dispatch published:

The enemy crossed the Blackwater in considerable force and attempted yesterday to drive in our right at Providence Church. Infantry, cavalry, and artillery were employed by the rebels, but the were repulsed by Major Wheelan's New York Mounted Rifles. At dusk the enemy's advance was charged and driven back upon his support. At intervals through the night shells were thrown from rebel batteries.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

JANUARY 17-21, 1863.-Reconnaissance from New Berne to Pollocksville, Trenton, Young's Cross-Roads,and Onslow, N. C., and skirmishes (19th) at White Oak Creek and (20th) near Jacksonville.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Colonel Simon H. Mix, Third New York Cavalry.

No. 2.-Colonel Augustus B. R. Sprague, Fifty-first Massachusetts Infantry.

No. 1. Report of Colonel Simon H. Mix, Third New York Cavalry.

NEW BERNE, N. C., January 22, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to orders I marched from New Berne on the morning of the 17th instant with eight companies of my regiment and proceeded a distance of about 12 miles up the south bank of the Trent River to Mill Creek, near Pollocksville, where a halt became necessary in consequence of the destruction of a bridge across that stream. The bridge was expeditiously rebuilt and my line of march resumed through Pollocksville a short distance on the road toward Trenton, where, at an angle of a thickly-wooded road, three shots in rapid succession were fired from an ambush on the advance guard of my column. A halt was immediately ordered, when it was discovered that the road was blockaded by trees felled across it for some distance in front. I communicated the fact to Colonel Amory, acting brigadier-general, in command of the expedition, who ordered me to encamp my regiment for the night.

The obstruction being removed at this point, I moved my regiment at 7 a.m. on the morning of the 18th, reaching Trenton, 13 miles distant from Pollocksville, about 11 o'clock a.m. Several points on the route, about midway between Pollocksville and Trenton, were blockaded by felled trees, and a large mill-dam, the flow from which crossed the road within a half mile of Trenton, was found to be cut, with the evident intention of flooding the road to prevent my passage into the town. The cut in the dam was repaired in season to prevent great delay in my march.

At Trenton I discovered some rebel cavalry, who retreated up the White Hall road toward Kinston. A strong blockade of felled trees across the road, densely wooded, and swamps on both sides prevented

