
intended attack and chose his own ground. The men behaved with becoming gallantry, the regiment broke, most of them ran away, some of the, as far as Yorktown, 13 miles from their camp. The colonel, 6 other officers, and nearly 60 enlisted men were taken prisoners; the camp was partially destroyed; they were not rallied until the enemy had retired; and the whole affair exhibited a want of organization and discipline utterly discreditable to the principal officers, who are responsible for the condition of the regiment. It can never regain its standing until this stain on its character is effaced by worthier conduct in the face of the enemy.

While the commanding general approves the finding of the court in acquitting Major Wilson of the charge of cowardice, the testimony shows that he might with propriety be brought before another court, on less serious charges of misconduct, and, if it is not though advisable to do so, it is only for the reason that so many others are as deeply involved as himself in the general delinquency.

III. The general court-martial, of which Major General John J. Peck is president, is dissolved.

By command of Major-General Dix:

D. T. VAN BUREN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEPTEMBER 17, 20, 1862.- Operations at and about Shiloh, N. C.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Captain Enos C. Sanders, First North Carolina Infantry (Union), of affair at Shiloh, N. C., September 17, 1862.

Numbers 2.-Captain William B. Avery, commanding U. S. gunboats Lancer, of affair near Shiloh, N. C., September 20, 1862.

Numbers 1. Report of Captain Enos C. Sanders, First North Carolina Infantry (Union), of affair at Shiloh, N. C., September 17, 1862.
HEADQUARTERS,Shiloh, N. C., September 18, 1862.

SIR: last night we were attacked, as we had all the force over to Pasquotank holding a meeting, and stopped overnight, except the gun's crew, which we sent back, all except 16 men - them we had with us. We got word this morning, and with about 30 men have landed 6 miles below Shiloh. There are 3 men killed, 3 wounded, and 5 or 6 taken prisoners, and they have taken all the arms and ammunition we had and stores and provisions. They were completely surprised. The men that got away think their force was about 50 strong. Please send us a gunboat and men immediately; send two howitzers and ammunition for the same. We can intercept them at the upper end of the county. It is necessary to have a chance to get a re-enforcement at

