
consequently ordered the Sixty-ninth Regiment New York National Guards (who behaved throughout with admirable steadiness, although suffering severely from the enemy's shell) and the One hundred and fifty-fifth New York Volunteers to take position in line of battle about 800 paces in the rear and stop any of the command from retiring beyond that point. One company of Spear's cavalry was placed on the road for a similar purpose. I rode down to see this order executed, and on returning to the front in company with Colonel Spear, at 5.40 a.m., determined to charge the enemy with the bayonet, and ordered two pieces of artillery to be placed on the road and formed the Thirteenth Indiana and One hundred and thirtieth New York on the right and left, strongly supported by Spear's cavalry. These orders were promptly attended to, and at 6 a.m. they all moved forward under command of Colonel Spear. I ordered up the other regiments and formed them in successive lines of battle.

The enemy rapidly retreated at our apparent approach, and were vigorously pursued until our infantry advance was stopped by thick woods and marsh. On the concentration of our forces at this point I ordered the One hundred and thirtieth New York Volunteers to be of Spear's cavalry to reconnoiter on the road, who soon reported the enemy's artillery strongly posted about 2 miles in front. Our skirmishers here were under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Thorp, and continued to advance steadily. The enemy on perceiving them came forward with their peculiar yell to dislodge them, but were quickly driven back with much loss. They tried three times with the same result. Lieutenant-Colonel Thorp acted bravely and exhibited much coolness and good judgment. Two pieces of Captain Davis' battery, supported by the Sixty-ninth New York National Guards, meanwhile took position on the road and opened on the enemy.

It may be necessary for me to state that from 5.30 a.m. the remainder of our artillery were almost entirely without ammunition. The men of the command had eaten nothing up to this time, 10.15 a.m., and had made a rapid march. I therefore a halt for the purpose of giving them time for breakfast and awaiting fresh supplies of ammunition. I consulted the colones and chiefs of commands and decided to endeavor to take the enemy in flank by moving along the old Franklin road.

At about 11 a.m. Colonel Foster reported to me, and I immediately placed him in command of the entire infantry. Soon after, the One hundred and twelfth Regiment New York Volunteers and three pieces of the Second Wisconsin Battery, with a fresh supply of artillery ammunition, reported. My thanks are due to these commands for the prompt manner in which they marched to the scene of action and the desire they manifested to join in the pursuit of the enemy. The two howitzers attached to the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry were present and were brought to bear on the enemy while in their retreat in the morning.

At 12 m.everything was in readiness and I altered the former determination and decided to attack the enemy in front, and again moved forward for that purpose, leaving the One hundred and twelfth New York Volunteers, two pieces of the Second Wisconsin Battery, and two companies of Spear's cavalry to hold the Deserted House. The enemy had commenced his retreat. We pursued with all possible haste toward Carrsville. At Pecosin Creek the Thirteenth Indiana Volunteers, as skirmishers, came up with their rear guard, strongly posted on the

