
opposite bank, and a sharp skirmish ensued. Our artillery was quickly placed in position and opened, receiving no reply. After a few minutes I ordered the artillery to cease fire and Colonel Spear to charge the enemy across the bridge, which he did in his usual gallant and fearless manner. He continued on nearly 2 miles beyond Carrsville and returned, reporting the enemy entirely out of sight.

I then concluded that all attempts to get them to engage were useless, and therefore farther pursuit unnecessary. Major Wheelan, with six companies of Dodge's New York Mounted Rifles, reported at this time and was immediately assigned to duty. We returned toward Suffolk, halting at the Deserted House at 6 p.m. to give the men time for rest and food.

Details were ordered to bury those of the enemy's dead who, in their flight, were left on the fled, and among whom was a lieutenant, as indicated by his uniform.

We fired, according to Captain Follett's official report, 1,140 rounds of shot and shell, and the ground occupied by the enemy was strewn with dead soldiers, horses, broken rammers, sponges, knapsacks, and cartridge-boxes; and innumerable pools of blood on the roadside and in the wood gave full proof of the immense havoc our artillery created during the night engagement. I ascertained, from information received on the way to Carrsville, that 25 wagons were believed to have been impressed for the purpose, and were driven off filled with their killed and wounded. I visited a large farm house occupied by Mrs. Mulholland, which they had used as one of their hospitals. Both floors of the building were covered with blood and pieces of bone and flesh. My informant told me that 40 wounded had been there, among whom were 4 officers. A prisoner asserts that our first shell killed one of their colonels.

The Thirteenth Indiana Volunteers, with its accomplished lieutenant-colonel, I found ever ready to obey all orders promptly and cheerfully, and did signal service. Of the Sixty-ninth New York National Guards and the One hundred and fifty-fifth New York Volunteers, as they belong to my own command, I do not desire to speak as flatteringly as they deserve. What I have a right to say of Colonel Spear, commanding the cavalry, would scarcely add to his already high reputation as one of the most accomplished officers in the service, a thorough disciplinarian, and one who does not know what fear is. He led every charge in person, and I found him, his lieutenant-colonel, majors, adjutant, and other officers and entire command ever ready to perform every duty assigned them with the greatest alacrity. His perfect knowledge of the country was of incalculable service to me.

Colonel Foster is also too well known to the major-general for me to endeavor to elevate his military character beyond that very high standard he has already earned and attained. I must, however, state that he fully maintained this character and rendered me most efficient service from the time of his arrival.

Captain Follett, as chief of artillery, acted with great judgment, and himself and officers, as also Captain Davis and officers and the men of both batteries, cannot be spoken of too highly for their coolness and indomitable courage during such a severe engagement.

I was mostly ably assisted by Captain Blodgett, my assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Tracy, my aide-de-camp, and Lieutenants Hughes and Winterbotham, detailed on my staff. They carried my orders and messages everywhere under the most galling fire, and all are alike deserving of the highest praise and commendation. Captain Blodgett was slightly wounded in the left knee by a piece of shell.

I also desire to mention the excellent soldierly qualities of Private James

