
Collins, Company E, of Colonel Spear's regiment, who was detailed to me as orderly.

For specific accounts of meritorious conduct of subordinate officers who did not come under my own observation I beg leave to refer you to accompanying reports.

Dr. Hand, the medical director at this post, was present and directed the transportation of our wounded and relieved and prevented much suffering. Dr. Dwyer, surgeon of the Sixty-ninth, took charge of the building occupied as our hospital, and, with the assistance of Dr. Nolan, surgeon of the One hundred and fifty-fifth, and Assistant Surgeons Ewen, Spencer, Fawcett and others, rendered good service in that department.

Quartermaster Cooke, of the One hundred and fifty-fifth New York Volunteers, was placed in command of the transportation and gave most perfect satisfaction.

The number of prisoners taken by us has not been generally mentioned in the official reports to me, but I believe them to be about 30.

Our total loss is as follows:*

 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.

Officers	 2	 9	 ---

Non-commissioned	 8	 21	 1

officers

Privates	 13	 65	 14

Total	 23	 95	 15

Total casualties	 ---	 ---	 133

The whole command arrived at headquarters in most excellent spirits at 1 a.m. on the 31st ultimo, making a march of 32 miles in about twenty-four hours.

I cannot close without returning my sincere thanks to Major General John J. Peck, commanding this post, for the nigh honor he conferred on me in intrusting the command of his important expedition to me and leaving in his special orders and dispatches so very much to my own discretion. I endeavored to execute everything to the best of my ability, and hope that all I have done meets his approbation.

I am, major, with high respect, your obedient servant,

MICHAEL CORCORAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding at Battle of Deserted House, Va.

Major B. B. FOSTER, Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Supplement.]

Order of march of force under command of Brigadier General M. Corcoran, United States Volunteers, from signal station near Suffolk, Va., from 1 to 3.20 a.m. Friday, January 30, 1863:

Six companies Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, under command of Colonel Samuel of Lieutenant Colonel C. J. Dobbs; Battery D, Fourth U. S. Artillery, under command of Captain Follett, acting as chief of artillery; two sections Seventh Massachusetts Battery, under command of Captain Davis; One hundred and thirtieth Regiment New York Volunteers, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Thorp; Ambulance Corps; Sixth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, under command of Colonel Follansbee; One hundred and sixty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Militia, under command of Colonel Knoderer; One hundred and fifty-fifth Regiment New York Volunteers, under command of Colonel McEvily;

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.135.

---------------

