
train; one section Seventh Massachusetts Battery, under command of Lieutenant

-----

; Sixty-ninth Regiment New York National Guards, under command of Colonel Murphy, and two companies Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, under Major Cornog.

No. 3. Report of Colonel Samuel P. Spear, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH PENNSYLVANIA VOL. CAVALRY, Camp Suffolk, Va., February 1, 1863.

SIR: Inclosed herewith I have the honor to transmit a list of the killed and wounded in an engagement in which my regiment was engaged for thirteen hours, being three hours and eleven minutes under a most tremendous fire of shot and shell from the enemy's heavy guns.

This is the fifth heavy engagement that the regiment has taken an active part in since October 1, 1862, in the vicinity of Blackwater.

The recent battle took place on the morning of the 30th of January, 1863, at the Deserted House, 9 miles west of Suffolk, Va. The enemy consisted of 16 pieces of heavy artillery, 1,200 cavalry, and 6 regiments of infantry. Our force was 12 pieces of artillery, 5 regiments of infantry, and my regiment, the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry. The cavalry opened the engagement by a charge on the enemy's pickets, and was from that moment till the end, as before stated, constantly in the hottest of the battle. Lieutenant Colonel George Stetzel and Majs. Samuel Wetherill and George T. Cornog were present with the regiment and rendered prompt and valuable services during the entire engagement. The non-commissioned officer and men performed their duty in excellent style, and during a crashing fire they proved an ornament to the service and an honor to their State. It will be seen by the inclosed list that Captain Albert J. Ackerly had his horse killed by a piece of a shell and that Captain John B. Loomis and my adjutant A. A. Menzies, had their horses instantly killed by a heavy shot. My own horse was seriously and perhaps mortally wounded by a shot in the breast.

Both officers and men are worthy of the highest commendation for their coolness, courage, and undaunted bravery.

I most respectfully request that permission may be granted to have inscribed upon the regimental colors the words, "Blackwater" and "Deserted House."

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,S. P. SPEAR,

Colonel, Eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry.

Hon. ELI SLIFER, Secretary of State.

No. 4. Report of Colonel William McEvily, One hundred and fifty-fifth New York Infantry.

SUFFOLK, VA., January 31, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with Special Orders, No. 31, from general headquarters, I herewith furnish for the information of the brigadier-general commanding a detailed account of the expedition in which the regiment under my command was engaged on the 30th instant:

