
In accordance with orders received the regiment fell in the 12 o'clock midnight and marched for the signal station on the South Quay road, a short distance from which, farther on, it came up with the rear of the rest of the forces composing the expedition, under command of Brigadier-General Corcoran, and proceeded with them to within about half a mile of the place known as the Deserted House, where the regiment was drawn up in line of battle, heavy firing in the front having announced that we had got up with the enemy and that an engagement had commenced. In this post we remained within range of the rebel artillery, exposed to occasional danger from the discharge of shot and shell, the men of my command behaving with a coolness and self-possession seldom evinced by volunteers under a first fire.

Here a temporary confusion was created among the soldiers of my command by the One hundred and sixty-seventh Pennsylvania and the Sixth Massachusetts Regiments falling back in disorder upon them, but from this they soon recovered and remained steady in line until 6 a.m., when an order was received to advance, which was complied with, and, the regiment was again formed in line of battle on the other side and within half a mile south of the Deserted House. At this time the companies were mustered to ascertain if any casualties had occurred,when it was found that there was 1 man of the One hundred and sixty-fourth Regiment (two companies of which were attached to my regiment in lieu of Companies D and K on duty at the time the regiment was ordered out, Company K being on picket duty and D detailed to garrison Fort Halleck) killed; 2 men of Company B, of my regiment, wounded, and 5 reported missing.

From this position we then followed the enemy, who was retreating, some 5 or 6 miles,when, in consequence of renewed firing in our front, the regiment was once more formed in line of battle, soon after which, the firing having ceased, I was ordered to return with my command to the Deserted House, where I arrived about 6 p.m. and remained till 9 o'clock, the men resting and refreshing themselves after the fatigue they had undergone. From here I was ordered to Suffolk, for which place I marched with my regiment and arrived at 1 a.m. on 31st instant.

I must particularly mention the valuable assistance rendered me throughout the whole time the engagement lasted by Major Flood, whose services principally conduced to the restoration of order and confidence when the regiment had been thrown into confusion by the One hundred and sixty-seventh Pennsylvania and Sixth Massachusetts Regiments.

I would also make favorable mention of Captain Byrne and the soldiers under him, whose anxiety to get into action was such that it was with difficulty they were restrained from charging on the rebel batteries. I should do an injustice to the gallant men composing the two companies of the One hundred and sixty-fourth Regiment attached to the One hundred and fifty-fifth if I omitted to mention the brave and steady manner in which they behaved.

From the bearing of all the officers and men engaged in the affair and the coolness and intrepidity displayed by them during the time it lasted, I feel confident that they possess all those qualities necessary to make good and efficient soldiers, and of their willingness to display the same whenever occasion offers.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

WM. McEVILY,

Colonel, Commanding One hundred and fifty-fifth Regiment New York Vols.

Captain J. J. BLODGETT, A. A. G.

