
force a passage and have in each instance been repulsed, and our forces have constantly the counties on the left bank and drawn there-from most of their own supplies. Colonel C. Leventhorpe, the former commander of the lines, and General Pryor both deserve commendation for their successful defense of that frontier with their small commands.

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Addenda.]

Return of Casualties in the Bridge commanded by Brigadier General Roger A. Pryor, in engagement at Kelly's Store, Va.

[Compiled from nominal lists on file.]

Killed.

Command.	 Officers.	 Enlisted	 Total.

 	 men.

50th Virginia Regiment, Colonel 	 1	 ---	 1

Thomas Poage

63rd Virginia Regiment, Colonel	 ---	 4	 4

J. J. McMahon

54th Virginia Regiment, Colonel 	 2	 ---	 2

Robert C. Trigg

Coit's battery, Captain J. C. Coit	 ---	 1	 1

Wright's battery, Captain	 ---	 ---	 ---

S. T. Wright

Martin's battery, Captain S. T.	 ---	 ---	 ---

Martin

Grand total	 --- 	 ---	 ---

Wounded.

Command.	 Officers.	 Enlisted	 Total.	 Aggrega

 	 men.	 	 te.

50th Virginia Regiment,	 1	 6	 7	 8

Colonel Thomas Poage

63rd Virginia Regiment,	 1	 9	 10	 14

Colonel J. J. McMahon

54th Virginia Regiment,	 ---	 4	 4	 6

Colonel Robert C. Trigg

Coit's battery, Captain	 1	 5	 6	 7

J. C. Coit

Wright's battery,	 1	 2	 3 	 3

Captain S. T. Wright

Martin's battery,	 ---	 1	 1	 1

Captain S. T. Martin

Grand total	 ---	 ---	 ---	 39

FEBRUARY 1-10, 1863.- Expedition from New Berne to Plymouth, N. C.

Report of Colonel Francis L. Lee, Forty-fourth Massachusetts Infantry.

HDQRS. 44TH REGIMENT MASS. VOL. MILITIA, Camp Stevenson, New Berne, February 14, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in obedience to order of January 31, 1863, I embarked my command on steamer Northerner and arrived at Plymouth, N. C., at 4 p.m. on February 2.

Upon landing I consulted with Major Bartholomew, Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Regiment, commander of the post, in regard to closing the lines; but learning from him that information of our arrival and probable force had undoubtedly been sent forward to the enemy even before our arrival, I deemed it unwise to interfere with existing arrangements in regard to passing the lines.

Learning that Commodore Flusser was absent, I proceeded in company with Major Bartholomew to inspect the location of his pickets and his preparations for defense, and found the pickets well placed, his precautions against surprise sufficient, and every advantage taken of the natural defenses of the town, the major having almost completed a ditch connecting the two swamps lying south of the town. Inside of earth is thrown up sufficiently high to afford shelter for sharpshooters. Major Bartholomew proposes to erect a small block-house where the Long Acre road crosses this ditch,and also one upon the Jamesville road at the crossing of the ditch. My carpenters built draw-bridges for each of these roads, I would respectfully suggest that two field howitzers would render the defense of these roads easy against any force

