
pounds, leaving much, for want of transportation, which I think would properly have been brought away. This bacon, with 22 horses and mules and 16 carts, I handed over to Major Bartholomew, leaving it to his judgment to return any of the horses and carts to persons in whose loyalty he had confidence,and directing him to see that quartermaster's receipts for the property taken should be given to the parties, in order that if they could rebut the testimony with regard to their sympathy and aid for the rebel cause they might receive payment from the Government.

On Sunday morning, being informed by the captain of our transport that unless we started then he would be obliged to lay at Plymouth until coal was found him, and my rations not being sufficient for over two days longer, I left Plymouth that afternoon, and after anchoring at Roanoke for coal, arrived here on the evening of Tuesday, February 10.

Yours, with respect,

FRANCIS L. LEE,

Colonel, Commanding Forty-fourth Regiment Mass. Vol. Militia.

Captain ANDREW STEWART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-Inclosed please find instructions received from headquarters relative to the movement above stated.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, New Berne, N. C., February 15, 1863.

Approved and respectfully forwarded.

H. W. WESSELLS,Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, 18TH A. C., New Berne, January 31, 1863.

Colonel FRANCIS L. LEE,Commanding Forty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers Militia:

COLONEL: You will embark your command to-morrow morning at 7 o'clock on the steamer Northerner and proceed directly to Plymouth, N. C.

The Massasoit will be at the wharf at the foot of Middle street for the purpose of transferring your regiments to the Northerner.

Upon your arrival at that place you will assume command of the post, and immediately after consultation with Captain Flusser, U. S. Navy, and Major Bartholomew, Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, take the necessary steps to drive in the enemy's pickets.

It is reported here that the enemy is in force (about 1,000) at Jamesville. Should you find this report corroborated by the information you may receive at Plymouth, you will advance on that place and whip the enemy; and if upon consultation with the above officers it should be deemed advisable you are authorized to advance as far as Williamston.

It is necessary that the advance should be made very shortly after your arrival,so that the enemy may not receive information of your arrival at the place, and you are therefore advised to close the lines.

Captain Flusser, U. S. Navy, will furnish you with some boat howitzers and cres, and he, as well as Major Bartholomew, are strongly recommended to you from their long experience at the post.

