
which he came. With my whole force I now proceeded up the Richmond road to Mrs. Pickett's gate, where the advance guard came on the enemy's pickets, which they gallantly drove in capturing 1 prisoner (and [who] in their hasty retreat left part of their arms, blankets,and a Virginia dinner at Olive Branch Church, where their reserve of 8 men was posted),and pursued them 2 miles beyond Twelve Mile Ordinary.

In accordance with instructions I halted my main force at the Ordinary,and finding no force near,and from information received believing none to be nearer than Diascund Bridge, I returned with my command and prisoners to camp.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

C. KLEINZ,

Major.

Lieutenant-Colonel LEWIS, Commanding Fifth Pa. Cav.

FEBRUARY 6-21, 1863.- Transfer of Ninth Army Corps from the Army of the Potomac to Newport News, Va.

Itinerary of the Ninth Army Corps, Major General William F. Smith, U. S. Army, commanding, February 6-28.*

February 6.- In accordance with orders from corps headquarters the Third Division struck tents on the Rappahannock River, near Falmouth, and proceeded by cars to Aquia Creek and thence by transports to Fort Monroe, where it arrived on the 10th; thence if proceeded to Newport News.

February 9.- The Second Division struck tents near Falmouth; took cars for Aquia Creek, and transports from thence to Newport News, where it arrived on the 11th. The artillery of this division, having been landed at Hampton on the 15th, joined at Newport News on the 21st.

February 10.- The First Division left camp on the Rappahannock and proceeded by cars and transports to Newport News.

FEBRUARY 7, 1863.- Skirmish at Olive Branch Church, Va.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Major General Erasmus D. Keyes, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Army Corps.

No. 2.- Major Christopher Kleinz, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

No. 3.- Brigadier General Henry A. Wise, C. S. Army.

No. 4.- Colonel William B. Tabb, Fifty-ninth Virginia Infantry.

No. 1. Reports of Major General Erasmus D. Keyes, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Army Corps.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH CORPS, Yorktown, February 8, 1863.

GENERAL: A squadron of the Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, which left on a reconnaissance yesterday afternoon, encountered a force of

---------------

*From Corps Return for February, 1863.

---------------

