
rebel cavalry and infantry at Burnt Ordinary, about 25 miles above here. After a short conflict our squadron retired, having lost several officers and men. I will report in detail as soon as I learn the facts.

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Fort Monroe.

YORKTOWN, February 9, 1863.

The report of particulars has not come in. I would rather delay a little than report an exaggerated loss before the stragglers return. Rumor now places it about 23. The officer in command exceeded his instructions by going to Burnt Ordinary when he was directed to go only to Six Mile Ordinary. I am going up to examine in person before I give the facts.

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General.

Major-General DIX.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH CORPS, Yorktown, February 10, 1863.

Lieutenant George Smith and 5 privates reported missing in the reconnaissance of the 7th instant have no come in. Lieutenant Williamson was killed and Captain Hagemeister and Lieutenant Reinmuller and Little were taken prisoners. Five rebel deserters have just come in.

Lee's brigade of cavalry is reported, on pretty good authority, to be in King William County, opposite the White House.

E. D. KEYES,Major-General.

Major-General DIX, Fort Monroe.

No. 2. Report of Major Christopher Kleinz, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

CAMP OF FIFTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY, Near Williamsburg, February 8, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report: That during your absence yesterday from the regiment - the command having been turned over to me by you before leaving - three deserters from enemy came into our lines and delivered themselves to our pickets. They stated that several more were outside who desired to come in, but in consequence of the enemy having sent out patrols for the purpose of discovering and arresting them they were afraid to venture.

Shortly afterward two other deserters came in and delivered themselves up,and who corroborated the statement of the others, saying furthermore that 16 or their men likewise disposed were at Walker's Mill, 3 miles beyond and to the right of our pickets, on the Richmond road; also that they had heard of 20 of their own men patroling in front of our lines and in the immediate neighborhood in search of deserters, and of whom the men at Walker's Mill were in fear.

