
Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, had left for Yorktown on business but a short time before the party was sent out by Major Kleinz in consequence of the representations of the deserters. I have heretofore regarded Captain Faith as an enterprising officer, but he and Major Kleinz have in this instance both allowed themselves to be deceived.

Captain Faith was led into an ambush at a point near Nine Mile Ordinary, which is about 21 miles from Yorktown.

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Brigadier General Henry A. Wise, C. S. Army.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Chaffin's Farm, Va., February 10, 1863-12 m.

GENERAL: The report of Colonel [William B.] Tabb, [Fifty-ninth Virginia Infantry,] is fully confirmed. On Saturday, the 7th instant, at about 5 p.m., the enemy advanced in force (about 85 cavalry) up the Telegraph road and approached near the Olive Branch Church, below the Burnt Ordinary. Colonel Tabb had about 100 infantry and about 150 cavalry. When the enemy came within short range he fired one volley of infantry and charged with his cavalry, killing some 7 or 8 and wounding some 2 or 3, which were captured, and capturing 35 prisoners, with their horses, arms, accouterments, &amp;c., and pursuing the enemy down to the Six Mile Ordinary, and there firing severely into them and putting them to rout. Probably their wounded who escaped amounted to some 10 or 20 more. Thus the colonel, without the loss or injury of a man or horse, succeeded in killing, wounding, and capturing some 50 or 60 of the enemy's cavalry-from a fifth to a fourth of his whole number. I send to you 35 prisoners, among whom are 1 captain and 2 lieutenants. One lieutenant was killed. These men are chiefly Germans, of the rascally Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, who destroyed the records of Charles City County and who burned the buildings, library, &c., of the venerable William and Mary College. I trust they will be dealt with accordingly.

Accompanying this is a note from Colonel Tab. I have approved of his request to retain the horses, arms, &c., for his cavalry. They need them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General ELZEY, Commanding, &c.

Numbers 4. Report of Colonel William B. Tabb, Fifty-ninth Virginia Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS,Diascund Bridge, Va., February 7, 1863.

GENERAL: I left my encampment here at 10 a.m. to-day and with a detachment of six companies of cavalry and four of infantry (an aggregate force of 235) moved down the Telegraph road in the direction of

