
rushed from their quarters and opened an irregular fire. I had ordered my men to capture the enemy wit the bayonet, but my flanks companies and some of the others fired also and a short action ensued. When the enemy ran, which was very soon, the proximity of the woods and the incompleteness of my arrangements saved most of them, but we captured 43, of whom 4 were wounded, and in addition one of them also was killed and left of the ground. Providentially none of my men were hurt, though for a time the enemy's fire was sharp.

After burning the tents, quarters, &amp;c., and destroying the stores, &c., I returned by the Dover road. Their pickets behind Core Creek on the railroad and other roads being alarmed made their escape. Bridging Core Creek at the Dover road I reached my camp in the afternoon.

Meanwhile Captain Brown, with his two companies and a detachment of Company E, Third New York Cavalry, under Captain Jacobs, whom I had previously ordered to co-operate, had scoured the country along the Neuse, discovering a body of the enemy, 40 or 50 strong, whom they followed briskly but were unable to catch.

The enemy at Sandy Ridge were Companies C, Captain Davis, and D, Captain Robinson, Eighth North Carolina, and are reported as 180 or 200 strong. The party pursued by Captains Brown and Jacobs was Captain Avirett's company.

As soon as an inventory of the arms and property captured can be made I will order a return of them to the proper department.

As a general result, this expedition has swept away the enemy's posts on our front and enables us to occupy without opposition the line of Core Creek, if judged expedient, as in my opinion it is. In the march over an almost impracticable route, the distance made in twenty hours being at least 32 miles, and in the short action which ensued the conduct of my men was all that could be expected from soldiership of the highest grade.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. RICHTER JONES,

Colonel Fifty-eighth, Commanding Outposts.

Lieutenant Colonel SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

If not already ordered, please send me some cars to transport the prisoners to New Berne.
HDQRS. OUTPOSTS, CAMP FIFTY-EIGHTH PA. VOLS.,Batchelder's Creek, February 19, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have ordered to be turned in to the proper department captured ordnance and ordnance stores as per the annexed inventory. Also that I have on hand fourteen captured shot-guns, in more or less serviceable condition, or injured, which not falling under the classification of ordnance as known to the service, I propose distributing among the captors as a reward and an incitement, with the assent of headquarters, of course.

Also that I have turned into the proper department and taken a receipt therefor, as in my hands for the public service, captured horses, mules, and wagons, as per inventory.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. RICHTER JONES,

Colonel Fifty-eighth, Commanding Outposts.

Lieutenant Colonel SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Eighteenth Army Corps.

