
[Inclosure.]

Inventory of ordnance and ordnance stores captured from the Confederate at Sandy Hill, N. C., February 13, 1863, by Colonel J. R. Jones, commanding Fifty-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.

No.	 Description.	 Condition.	 Caliber

 	 	 of gun.

 United States muskets,	 Serviceable	 .69

35	 Harper's Ferry and

 Springfield

 United States muskets,	 Unserviceable	 .69

2	 Harper's Ferry and

 Springfield

1	 Belgian rifle	 Serviceable	 .54

1	 North Carolina rifle	 do	 ---

20	 Gun-slings	 Unserviceable	 ---

3 	 Bayonets	 Serviceable	 ---

3	 Bayonet-scabbards	 do	 ---

40	 Cartridge-boxes	 do	 ---

32	 Cartridge-belts	 do	 ---

1	 Cap pouch	 do	 ---

2	 Waist-belts	 do	 ---

 Waist-belt plates

--------

---

The above is a correct inventory of ordnance and ordnance stores captured as above stated.

M. J. HADLEY,

Acting Ordnance Sergeant Fifty-eighth Regiment Pa. Vols.

FEBRUARY 13, 1863.-Skirmish near Washington, N. C.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Lieutenant Colonel Luke Lyman, Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Infantry.

No. 2.-Captain George F. Jocknick, Third New York Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Luke Lyman, Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS,Washington, N. C., February 16, 1863.

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to report that on Friday last, 13th the cavalry company stationed at this post crossed the bridge, drove in the enemy's vedettes, surprised their picket headquarters (where some 40 calvary were stationed), and captured 7 men and 12 horses; one of the men was dangerously wounded and is now in our hospital. The horses I turned over to the post quartermaster (a poor lot); the saddles were retained by the cavalry company. The prisoners I will send to New Berne by the first opportunity, unless ordered to parole, and send them out the lines from this point. They belong to the Sixty-second Georgia State Troops, but are North Carolinians. If you wish me to parole them here please inform me.

Have I the authority-if not, will you give it to me-to appoint a board of appraisers? The surgeons would like to purchase of the Government one or two of the captured horses.

"All quiet along the lines."

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LUKE LYMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant-Colonel HOFFMAN, A. A. G.

