
Numbers 2. Report of Captain George F. Jocknick, Third New York Cavalry.

WASHINGTON, N. C., February 14, 1863.

COLONEL: The monotony of the daily routine of military duties here for the last few weeks has at last been interrupted by a little affair which reflects much credit on all concerned.

Having ascertained that the enemy kept a picket station on the other side of the river, some 3 or 4 miles from this post, and were intercept them and thus check their boldness for the future.

The command left here at 1 o'clock p.m. yesterday, and returned in less than two hours with 7 prisoners and the following amount of captured property: Twelve horses, 12 saddles, 5 bridges, 8 Enfield muskets, 1 Harper's Ferry musket, and 1 saber.

Lieutenant O'Brien reports that after proceeding about a mile the enemy's vedettes were discovered some distance in advance, when he immediately charged, determined to overtake them. The enemy after firing their pieces put spurs to their horses and retreated up the Greenville road and their utmost speed. A 3 mile race was the result at the termination of which our lieutenant found himself with only a small part of his command in the very nest of their main guard-a troop of some 30 or 40 mounted and dismounted cavalry. Our men in the rear, retarded by gullies in the road, were pressing up rapidly. But so complete was the surprise that the enemy at once broke for the swamps, where they fired volley after volley, but without any effect whatever. One of the prisoners captured is mortally wounded, and how many more were left on the field cannot be ascertained.

We had no casualties on our side except the wounding of a horse rode by First Sergeant Richards.

Among the prisoners is a color-sergeant and an orderly-sergeant, both very intelligent men. The latter states that the troops engaged belonged to the Sixty-seventh Georgia Regiment, being a detachment of Captain Thompson's company,* under command of Lieutenant Holt. Our men, I am told, all behaved well and are much pleased that we at last have been able to retaliate in the open field for the many outrages committed on our pickets by skulkers in the swamps.

The horses captured are of pretty good breed, but in a miserable, worn-out condition; their backs covered with sores and ulcers. I shall turn them over with the rest of the property to the quartermaster at this post.

Respectfully submitting the above report, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

G. F. JOCKNICK,

Captain, Commanding Company I, Third New York Cavalry.

Colonel S. H. MIX,

Commanding Third New York Cavalry, New Berne, N. C.

---------------

*Company E, Sixty-second Georgia.

---------------

