
the lieutenant and several others. Six horses were killed and many wounded. I ordered the infantry to deploy into the woods as skirmishers, not, however, without some difficulty, and ordered Lieutenant Burke to unlimber his piece and give the enemy a few rounds of canister, supported by the second platoon of cavalry. Here Lieutenant Burke was wounded in the face, breast, and hand. The remainder of the enemy were dispersed and fled, having sustained a loss of many of their number, among whom was their captain killed and a lieutenant taken prisoner. After having my killed and wounded taken care of and placed in wagons and carts which I had captured, I moved on to Swan Quarter, and having learned that a force of 250 or 300 guerrillas was lying in ambush about 3 miles from Swan Quarter, on the road to Rose Bay, and deeming it inexpedient to encounter it with my weakened force, I dispatched Corpora Kent, Company F, Third New York Cavalry, and 3 men to sail in a small boat to the gunboat North State, ordering Captain Brinkerhoff to steam around to Swan Quarter Landing. The next morning, he having arrived, I embarked on board the steamer Escort, which had accompanied the gunboat. I arrived here at 4 p.m. to-day.

I beg leave to make honorable mention of Luther H. Farnsworth, Company I, Fifth Massachusetts Volunteers, who accompanied the infantry. He was cool and courageous, jumping through the canal and taking the extreme right, leading the platoon of infantry into the fight; also Lieutenant Morse, of the Third New York Cavalry, who was of great service in the rear, returning the fire of the enemy with effect and holding them in check.

My loss is as follows: Killed, 3; wounded, 2 lieutenants (Benson and Burke) and 12 men of my company and 1 of the First North Carolina Volunteers. One sergeant of my company has since died of his wounds.

I am, sir, respectfully, yours,

COLIN RICHARDSON,

Captain Company F, Third New York Cav., Commanding Expedition.

Lieutenant Colonel SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 6-8, 1863.-Demonstration on Kinston, N. C., including skirmishes (7th) at Core Creek and near Dover.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.-Colonel Josiah Pickett, Twenty-fifth Massachusetts Infantry.

Numbers 2.-Colonel J. Richter Jones, Fifty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry.

Numbers 3.-Captain Ferris Jacobs, jr., Third New York Cavalry.

Numbers 4.-Captain James R. Chamberlin, Third New York Cavalry.

Numbers 5.-Brigadier General Junius Daniel, C. S. Army, commanding at Kinston.

Numbers 1. Reports of Colonel Josiah Pickett, Twenty-fifth Massachusetts Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIFTH Regiment MASSACHUSETTS VOLS.,Camp Oliver, New Berne, N. C., March 12, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in compliance with orders issued by you on the 5th instant I proceeded with my command on the

---------------

*See also Captain David A. Taylor's report, p. 170.

---------------

