
without artillery. There were two companies of the Forty-fifth North Carolina, commanded by Captains Rankin and Scales, and both were said by the prisoners to have been in charge of a major.

After the destruction of the camp I moved back to the house previously occupied as a reserve picket station, but since the late desertion the station had been removed to the woods near by, where a large picket-fire was burning when we advanced. The enemy had between their camp and the outpost from which we were fired upon 40 men on duty each day, all of whom, with the exception of the outpost vedette, were driven in, and escaped us without firing a shot or in any way alarming the main body. The reserve picket-station house was burned.

Reached the camp of the Twenty-fifth Massachusetts, at Nethercutt's, at daybreak. It is sufficient to say that the cavalry detachment behaved with more than the usual spirit and promptitude.

The affair is of but little importance except for the information gained or confirmed. It is also worthy of mention, perhaps, that the movement penetrated farther into the enemy's country in that direction than any other reconnaissance with exception of General Foster's advance on Goldsborough.

Trusting that you will pardon the particularity and diffusiveness of this report, I remain, with great respect, your obedient servant,

F. JACOBS, JR.,

Captain, Commanding Detachment.

[Appendix.]

COLONEL: I should have mentioned in the body of my report that the success of the movement mainly depended upon the accuracy of the information derived by Captain Chamberlin from the late deserters and other sources, and that it was upon Captain Chamberlin's suggestion that the attempt was made.

Yours, respectfully,

F. JACOBS, JR.

[Indorsement.]

I have the honor to forward Captain Jacobs' report of his spirited movement, made under my authorization in connection with the general movement.

Very respectfully,

J. RICHTER JONES,

Commanding Outposts.

No. 4. Report of Captain James R. Chamberlin, Third New York Cavalry.
HDQRS. COMPANY A, THIRD NEW YORK CAVALRY,Trent Road, N. C., March 10, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report:

From information which I deem reliable I ascertained there were two companies of infantry (picked men), belonging to the Forty-fifth North Carolina Regiment, encamped on the Kinston road some 12 miles this side of Kinston, and I determined to surprise them.

After making a map of the country, with which I was somewhat familiar, I opened my plan to Captain F. Jacobs, jr., Company E, Third

