
New York Cavalry, and proposed that we unite, our two companies (A and E) and make an attempt on the rebel camp, to which he acceded. We according provided our command with two days' rations, and left camp at noon on March 7, our whole command numbering 102 men,all told, Company A furnishing 48 and Company E 54 men.

At Major Nethercutt's (secesh) house we came across the Twenty fifth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, commanded by Colonel J. Pickett, which was acting as a corps of observation at that point. We bivouacked with them for a few hours. From a contraband whom I picked up I learned that the enemy had changed their camp and had received additional re-enforcements. Upon consultation with Captain Jacobs we determined to ask of Colonel Pickett two companies of infantry, and he very kindly assigned us three companies (A, C, and K), commanded by Captain Denny, Company K, Twenty-fifth Massachusetts Regiment, numbering about 130 men.

With this additional force we left Nethercutt's house at 12 o'clock that night. Upon reaching the Trenton Cross-Roads, a distance of 4 miles, we halted for the infantry to close up and then made our preparations for the attack, for it was only some one-fourth of a mile beyond this point that we expected to meet their first picket, and our plan was, after drawing his fire, the cavalry was to commence a charge at once and endeavor to capture their reserve picket station of 25 men, said to be some half a mile beyond. We placed some of our fleetest horses with the advance guard, which was commanded by Lieutenant Gibbs, of Company E, Third New York Cavalry, and after allowing a few moments of rest the column was again put in motion. Slowly and silently we moved along, every man intent on doing his duty, and determined not to be outdone by another. Presently we saw a flash, and then the sharp, shrill report of the rebel picket's rifle, with his ball whistling over the heads, unharmed of our entire column. Hardly had the flash died away when the command "charge" was given, and instantaneously the whole column started like one man. On we flew, like the wind, the ground fairly quaking beneath our feet. The picket station reached, but not a rebel was found-they had heard the alarm and fled like thieves in the night. On we dashed to Hoble's house, a mile beyond, and again to Jones' house, still another mile, but found nothing. So impetuous had been our charge that we had completely cut through and cut off their advance guard, which I afterward learned was composed of 40 men.

While waiting here for the infantry to come up, which were to follow us at double-quick, and while Captain Jacobs was giving some instructions to the advance guard, up rode two rebel cavalrymen, evidently mistaking us for friends, and inquired, "What's the matter below?" Before these words had hardly left their lips several of Colt's "Love me quicks" were presented had hardly left their lips several of Colt's Love me quicks" were presented to their heads and they were "gobbled." One of them, in utter astonishment, remarked, "That's another damned Yankee trick." We learned from our prisoners that the rebel camp was about 1 1/4 miles beyond, but nothing definite as to its situation. After the infantry had arrived we determined to attack them with our combined force. Accordingly, Companies A and C, of the infantry, were placed in rear of our advanced guard, followed by the cavalry, while Captain Denny's company (K) was held in reserve, and in this order all again pressed forward. We had gone but a short distance when our advance guard met six rebel infantrymen, who had been sent out to ascertain what had become of their two mounted men. They all immediately surrendered, and while the two first were in the act of giving up their arms their

