
comrades jumped into the woods and fired, wounding Sergeant Mosier and Private Morenus, of Company E, Third New York Cavalry. The infantry were then thrown out on the flanks as skirmishers, while the cavalry kept in the road. In a very few minutes we met the enemy's line of skirmishers and a brisk fire commenced. We adopted the "drop game" on them-that is, we fell down immediately after firing, loading our pieces on the ground; and after drawing their fire, which invariably passed over our heads, we would up and charge them again. In this manner we kept gradually pressing forward and soon reached their camp, which we found strongly barricades on three sides. The rebels here attempted to make a final stand, but it was of short duration, for we carried their works by storm, they retreating in hot haste toward Kinston. In their camp we found several fine tents and any quantity of clothing, camp and garrison stores, arms and accouterments, and several packages (sent by express), containing coffee, tea, sugar, ham, and other delicacies of camp life, evidently showing that some of our claiming-to-be Union friends within our lines not only sympathized with but contributed to our enemies. We hastily gathered everything together and burned all, together with their camp, to the ground.

Not deeming it safe to remain long in such close proximity to Kinston with such a small force we commenced our homeward march, reaching camp at daylight, having marched 16 miles and done our fighting in six hours, our entire casualties being the sergeant and private of Company E as before mentioned.

I must not omit to say that both officers and men behaved themselves with great credit to their country, and never have I seen men fight with more determination or bravery.

We took 5 prisoners. Of the loss of the enemy I had no means of ascertaining, as the night was quite dark and we had no time to look after bereaved friends.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your very obedient servant,

JAS. R. CHAMBERLIN,

Captain, Commanding Company A, Third New York Cavalry.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE W. LEWIS,

Commanding Third New York Cavalry.

No. 5. Report of Brigadier General Junius Daniel, C. S. Army, commanding at Kinston.
HEADQUARTERS,Kinston, N. C. March 10, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of yours of yesterday.

In the different skirmishes with the enemy on Saturday there were two infantry lost, supposed to be captured. I have since learned that there are two couriers missing, supposed to be captured. Major Winston lost a few tent-flies and a few blankets. I have learned from citizens that the enemy buried

------

men on their retreat on the lower Trent road and that they had others wounded. On the Dover road citizens say there were several killed and some wounded. These reports come from citizens below and I think are reliable.

I would have made these statements sooner but my pickets are so far

