
apart and on so many roads that I could not have done so sooner. I forgot to mention that one of my men deserted and made known to the enemy my signals, and it was in this way that they got upon the two infantrymen. Nothing of the enemy this morning. Generals Robertson and Pettigrew are here.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JUNIUS DANIEL,

Brigadier-General.

Major General D. H. HILL,

Commanding, Goldsborough, N. C.

MARCH 6-10, 1863.-Expedition from New Berne to Trenton, Pollocksville, Young's Cross-Roads, and Swansborough, N. C.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Brigadier General Henry Prince, U. S. Army, commanding Expedition.

No. 2.-Captain David A. Taylor, Third New York Light Artillery, Chief Signal Officer, of operations March 5-15.

No. 3.-Lieutenant Joseph Fricker, Eighth Pennsylvania Reserve Infantry, Acting Signal Officer, of operations March 5-15.

No. 4.-Surg. Pitkin B. Rice, One hundred and thirty-second New York Infantry, Chief Medical Officer.

Numbers 5.-Lieutenant Francis U. Farquhar, U. S. Corps of Engineers, Chief Engineer Eighteenth Army Corps.

No. 6.-Colonel Silas P. Richmond, Third Massachusetts Infantry.

Numbers 7.-Colonel Augustus B. R. Sprague, Fifty-first Massachusetts Infantry.

No. 8.-Lieutenant Colonel George W. Lewis, Third New York Cavalry.

No. 9.-Major Jeptha Garrard, Third New York Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Henry Prince, U. S. Army, commanding Expedition.
HDQRS. FIFTH DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,New Berne, N. C., March 11, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the reconnaissance in force, which I was directed to make by your letter of the 5th instant, was completed last evening by the return to New Berne and distribution to former quarters and commands of all the part of my column. The instructions I received have been entirely carried out and the objects of the expedition fully accomplished.

It gives me pleasure to say that the most admirable spirit was manifested by every portion of the command. The desire to carry out the views of the Government, as made known through orders from time to time, was made strikingly apparent in all ranks, as was also the desire to have their determination to do so tested in the face of opposition, even to the death. At the same time their feeling toward the enemy was self-possessed and magnanimous, as was illustrated by instances of personal conduct. I will give a narrative of the expedition for the records of the department. A copy of my orders is subjoined (A).

The column formed as it passed over the bridge at Brice's Creek, at 8.30 a.m. on the 6th. We crossed the bridge, which we had to con-

