
having been fully attained, I directed him to return, which he did without any disturbance from the enemy.

Particular mention is made of the gallantry and good conduct of Lieutenant-Colonels Stetzel, Dobbs, Maxwell, and Gray, and of Lieutenant Whitney. Colonel Spear has added to his former high reputation by his coolness and good management of this occasion.

The force consisted of detachments from the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, Ninety-sixth New York Volunteers, One hundred and third Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Thirteenth Indiana Volunteer Infantry, and a section of Follett's artillery, and the commander speaks in the highest terms of all his officers and men.

The loss was 2 killed, 5 wounded, and 1 missing, which was extremely small, in view of the great superiority of the enemy in numbers. The rebel loss had been reported from 75 to 200.

On the 3rd instant several hundred of the enemy crossed the river in the vicinity of Zuni and occupied Windsor, having almost other designs that of tearing up the Petersburg Railroad. At dawn of the 4th Colonel Dodge, a meritorious officer, was advanced with a portion of the New York First Mounted Rifles, who promptly occupied the place, and during the day forces the enemy across the Blackwater.

Characterized by that earnestness which is an essential element of success, these affairs are very gratifying, and fortify the confidence already reposed in the troops.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel D. T. VAN BUREN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Seventh Corps.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel J. K. Marshall, Fifty-second North Carolina Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS,Franklin, Va., October 4, 1862.

GENERAL: After having rested the night before at New South Quay the enemy steamed up the river in their gunboats yesterday morning and commenced pouring shot and shell upon us at daybreak. They brought with them three boats, two of which were small, carrying two guns each; the other large, carrying four, one a 64-pounder. Soon after the shelling commenced I dispatched Lieutenant [John M. Alexander (commanding Company A, First-second Regiment North Carolina Troops) with orders to commence firing upon them at Crumpler's Bluff so soon as the last boat should have passed. In obedience to orders he commenced a well-directed and effective fire upon them, and succeeded in silencing their guns for a short while, but they quickened their time and succeeded in reaching a point of the river edged on both sides by an apparently impassable marsh. Here they recommended their work of throwing shot and shell in every direction, and in the mean time moving up by degrees in the direction of Franklin. Pending this condition of things I sent Capts. [John C.] McCain [and Eric] Erson, and Lieutenant [James M. Kincaid, of the Fifty-second Regiment, together with Captain [James T.] Mitchell, of the Fifty-ninth Regiment, pickets, holding their

