
Roads and Windsor, arriving about 10 a.m. Parties were at once sent out toward Blackwater Bridge and Zuni. The former had not proceeded far when its advance guard, in turning a sharp bend in the road, suddenly came upon the advance of a small force of the enemy en route for Windsor. Shots were exchanged, and my advance at once ordered to charge. This they did well, the main column supporting them at as close a distance as possible. At our first fire, however, the enemy, whom we learned to be some 50 of Claiborne's Confederate cavalry (Seventh Regiment), turned and fled precipitately. Lieutenant Thomas Freeborn, with Squadron D, pursued them at his utmost speed, driving them vigorously, the entire column following at the gallop but as they had some half a mile the start of us and fresh horses it was impossible to come up with them, although we followed to within half a mile of Blackwater Bridge at the most rapid gait in our power. They crossed the river at once upon the pontoon bridge there. Lieutenant Freeborn and Major Wheelan succeeded, however, in capturing four men and horses, with several rifles, shot-guns, &amp;c., which the enemy had thrown away in their flight. The prisoners are in the hands of the provost-marshal, awaiting such examination and disposition as you may decide. Believing it imprudent to attempt to force the bridge, considering the force we knew to be there and the wearied condition of our men and horses, we returned with our captures to Windsor. The party going toward Zuni went to within sight of the river banks, but met no force on this side, although pickets, as usual, were discovered on the other.

Thus the entire section of country which I guard has been most carefully reconnoitered, and, I trust, to the general's satisfaction. The conduct of my men has been everything that could be desired, and all of the regimental officers and men are but the more eager from the experience of to-day to meet the enemy in a fair fight, that they may then prove, as they have often before, the injustice of late reports circulated by malicious parties concerning the demoralization, &c., of the Mounted Rifles. Not a man has been lost, nor, I can safely say, a pennyworth of property destroyed.

I have the honor to remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES C. DODGE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major B. B. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 7-14, 1863.-Expedition from New Berne to Mattamuskeet Lake, N. C.

Report of Colonel David B. Morris, One hundred and first Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. ONE HUNDRED AND FIRST Regiment PA. VOLS.,New Berne, N. C., March 17, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following as my report of the expedition under my command around Lake Mattamuskeet, Hyde County, North Carolina.

In obedience to instructions from corps headquarters of March 7 I embarked the troops under my command, viz, One hundred and first

