
and One hundred and third Regiments Pennsylvania Volunteers, Company F, Third New York Cavalry, and one piece and caisson Third New York Artillery, on the afternoon of 7th instant, on board the Northern and Escort. Accompanied by the North State and two scows, we proceeded to Swan Quarter, Hyde County, arriving at 7 o'clock a. m., 8th instant, and the gunboat Allison at once proceeded to Rose Bay Bridge to prevent its reconstruction.

After eight or ten hours delay, caused by the captain of the steamer Northerner failing to go nearer than about 13 miles to the landing, we commenced debarking the troops in the afternoon of the 8th instant. Seven companies of infantry and one platoon of cavalry, with howitzer, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Armor, One hundred and first Pennsylvania Volunteers, were debarked and marched to Swan Quarter, 1 1/2 miles from the landing, arriving about 5 o'clock p.m. The remainder of the troops debarked at 11 o'clock on the morning of the 9th and proceeded to Swan Quarter. Acting on the advice of Captain Richardson, Third New York Cavalry, we then advanced in two columns, one in a southwest direction, under command of Colonel Morris, the other in a northwest direction, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Armor, forming a junction at Mason's house at the earthwork, distant about 8 miles from Swan Quarter, where we bivouacked for the night, after posting our picket. During the night our picket captured 1 man (Thomas Voliva), attempting to fire upon the picket.

We resumed the line of march at 6.30 o'clock a.m., 10th instant, proceeding around the lake from north to east, marching 25 miles, and bivouacked for the night on Spencer's farm. At 6 o'clock a.m., 11th instant, resumed the march; arrived at Swan Quarter about 6 o'clock p.m., having marched 30 miles. During the 10th and 11th it rained almost incessantly, consequently the roads were very bad. No armed force at any point was to be seen.

A few stragglers, whose names were on the guerrilla muster-roll, were captured and brought to New Berne. A few others, supposed to belong to the company, were also brought with us-11 in all. They are now in the hands of the provost-marshal at New Berne.

About 60 citizens were made prisoners, but released at Swan Quartermaster upon taking the oath of allegiance. From the best information that could be obtained the band of guerrillas in this county were scattered about in small parties of from 6 to 8, through the almost impassable swamps.

Quite a number of horses, oxen, and carts were captured, but the greater part were abandoned, not deeming them of sufficient value to warrant the delay of transportation and expense of subsistence. On the morning of the 12th instant Captain Richardson, with 300 men and all available transportation, was sent out 7 miles, to the farm of Judge Donald, for the purpose of bringing in a quantity of cotton, corn, and bacon.

The following is an approximate list of all the property turned over to the proper authorities: Seventeen horses; 13 buggies; 1 yoke oxen; 1 schooner, Snow Squall, of Washington, of about 35 tons burden; 8 cart-loads cotton (small portion unginned), not baled; about 1,500 pounds bacon; about 400 bushels corn; about 40 slaves, who followed us to the landing. We embarked on the 13th instant and arrived at New Berne on 14th instant. The only buildings burned by my order were the outbuildings of a farm-house near Fairfield, in which we found a rebel officer's coat, ammunition, &amp;c. I regret to state that a small mill at Swan Quarter was fired and burned, and also a barn filled

