
with corn adjoining Spencer's farm was burned by an unknown party; also a number of stacks of fodder on the farm of Judge Donald was burned without my order.

I would also call attention to a lack of proper discipline among the line officers of the One hundred and third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers. They seem to have little or no control over their commands, and lack energy to enforce proper discipline. To this there are some exceptions.

The one hundred and First Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers also lacks discipline, which I attribute to my long absence from it, but which in the course of time I will bring about again. As an instance of insubordination in the One hundred and third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, while embarking on board the Northerner from the steamer Escort the officers and men, contrary to repeated orders, rushed forward before the boat could be made fast to such an extent as to endanger life and to render it impossible for the officers of the boat to manage her. Having repeated the order for the men to remain in their places and await orders, and all to no effect, I seized a gun and fired down the side of the boat for the purpose of deterring the men, but with no intention of injuring any one. At the moment of firing a man rushed forward and was slightly injured.

My thanks are due the officers of the Escort, North State, Lockwood, and Allison for their valuable assistance.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. B. MORRIS,

Colonel, Commanding Expedition.

Lieutenant Colonel SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Addenda.]

NEW BERNE, March 28, 1863.

Major-General FOSTER, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I deeply regret to be compelled, in the last hours of my stay here, to distress you by complaints of the outrages of our forces in the last expedition to Hyde County. In numerous instances, well authenticated, they entered and robbed the houses of loyal men, destroyed furniture, insulted women, and treated with scorn the protections which by your advice I had given them. Can I give to people whose loyalty is not and has never been questioned any assurance that you can see them protected?

As matters now stand the loyal men and women, aged and infirm, outside of our lines are the most unfortunate and oppressed in our country; both sides pillage and rob them. I know you have uniformly rebuked these atrocities, but your words have been treated like my protections.

I invoke for the people referred to such interposition as your sense of duty and humanity will suggest.

With high respect and regard, yours, &c.,

ED. STANLY.

[Indorsement.]

MARCH 29, 1863.

Referred to Colonel Morris for report.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

