
MARCH 8-16, 1863.-Expedition against New Berne, N. C., including skirmishes (13th-14th) at Deep Gully, and attack (14th) on Fort Anderson.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General John G. Foster, U. S. Army, commanding the Department of North Carolina.

Numbers 2.-Captain David A. Taylor, Third New York Light Artillery, Chief Signal Officer.

Numbers 3.-Lieutenant Nathaniel S. Barstow, Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Infantry, Acting Signal Officer, of attack on Fort Anderson.

Numbers 4.-Itinerary of the First Division, Eighteenth Army Corps, Brigadier General Innis N. Palmer, U. S. Army, commanding, March 7-15.

Numbers 5.-Colonel Josiah Pickett, Twenty-fifth Massachusetts Infantry, Second Brigade, of skirmishes at Deep Gully.

Numbers 6.-Brigadier General Henry Prince, U. S. Army, commanding Fifth Division, of operations March 15-16.

Numbers 7.-Major General Daniel H. Hill, C. S. Army, commanding Expedition.

Numbers 8.-Major John C. Haskell, C. S. Army, commanding Artillery.

Numbers 9.-Brigadier General John J. Pettigrew, C. S. Army.

Numbers 10.-Brigadier General Richard B. Garnett, C. S. Army.

No. 11.-Brigadier General Junius Daniel, C. S. Army.

Numbers 12.-Brigadier General Beverly H. Robertson, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Reports of Major General John G. Foster, U. S. Army, commanding the Department of North Carolina.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,New Berne, N. C., March 15, 1863.

GENERAL: The enemy are retiring from an attack on this town, which was intended to have been strong, but was feeble, very feeble, in all places except on a work north side of Neuse River, directly opposite the town. At that point the enemy opened a brisk artillery fire from seventeen pieces, which continued about three hours. They retired a short distance and remained threatening the work till this morning, when they retired. The whole force of the enemy, from deserters, was 13,000 infantry and cavalry and thirty-nine pieces of artillery. I am sending parties out in all directions to harass the enemy's retreat. The attack was on the 14th, the anniversary of the taking of the town, and the supposition is that they intended to recapture the town on that day.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,New Berne, N. C., March 15, 1863.

GENERAL: Referring to my telegram of this date I have the honor to report that on the evening of the 13th the enemy appeared in force on the Trent road, driving in our picket posts on that road; the force on

---------------

*For reports of Actg. Rear-Admiral S. P. Lee and Commander A. Murray, U. S. Navy, see Annual Report of the Secretary of the Navy, December 7, 1863.

---------------

