
respective commands, to the neighboring bluffs with instructions to meet the boats on their return. Colonel [D. D.] Ferebee with a large portion of his command took position along the road, first, where the old wharf formerly stood, and Captain [William] Sharp's company, of the same command, was sent to meet and fire upon the boats from any point they could suitable for such work, but they penetrated the marsh, which was very deep, and drove in between 60 and 80 sharpshooters which had been thrown our from the gunboats. Now a general fire commenced on both sides, in which Colonel Ferebee and his command took [part] to a very considerable extent, but the boats found the work too hot for them and were forced to recede, and continued to move back, though continually throwing out an occasional shell. As they passed the bluffs every man who showed himself on deck or at the port-holes was cut down. As they passed down the river Captain Norfleet with his men pursued them, killing all who could be seen. Here I will state that the pilot was hid from view and sand-bags were placed the decks of the boats. As I stated before, the shelling commenced at daybreak and the boats remaining in the river until 10.30 a. m.

Our loss is 2 wounded, viz, Private Stroup, of the Fifty-second Regiment, and private Parker, of the Fifty-ninth Regiment.

About 1 p. m. a large force appeared across the river, consisting of four full regiments of infantry, one regiment of cavalry, and six pieces of artillery, with one or two sections of rocket guns. One of Captain Graham's pieces (rifle) was placed at the depot and the other carried to the bridge. For about to hours Captain Graham with his rifle piece at the depot and Lieutenant Britton at the bridge entertained them handsomely. At 3.30 or 4 o'clock they retired, leaving on the field a few overcoats and one horse.

The enemy must have lost a large number on their boats and lost some on the field, but now many I cannot say.

One yawl-boat was left in the river near one of the bluffs. The force brought in the afternoon was intended to co-operate with the gunboats, but came too late.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. K. MARSHAL,

Colonel, Commanding at Franklin.

General S. G. FRENCH,

Commanding Department of North Carolina.

OCTOBER 25, 1862.- Skirmish near Zuni, Va.

Report of Major General John A. Dix, U. S. Army, commanding the Department of Virginia.

FORT MONROE, VA., October 27, 1862.

An expedition was sent from Suffolk on Saturday night to the Blackwater. It took a wrong road and did not arrive till noon, instead of daybreak, on Sunday. The cavalry swam the river, and some howitzers were sent over in canoes. The enemy were cleared from the bank of the river by our infantry. Much valuable information was obtained. Lieutenant William Wheelan, of the Mounted Rifles, a very meritorious officer, was killed; our only casualty. We captured a sergeant and 4

