
We left the fragments of the 20-pounder that burst on the field in front of the work at Barrington's Ferry. They could not have her taken off without a wagon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. PETTIGREW,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, Confederate States.

Major General D. H. HILL,

Commanding Department of North Carolina.

[Inclosure.]

GOLDSBOROUGH, N. C., March 10, 1863.

[Brigadier General J. J. PETTIGREW:]

I wish you to take all the rifled guns in your own brigade, Daniel's, and the reserve artillery, and the Whitworth gun from Wilmington (if arrived) and move with your brigade to the neighborhood of Barrington's Ferry. Get all your guns in position, if possible, without observation and open a concentrated fire upon the enemy's work at the ferry. It is thought that this can be reduced; if so, push up your guns to it after its fall and open upon the Yankee shipping and barracks. It is important that this bombardment shall begin on Thursday, and your brigade must move part of the way to-morrow. It is proper for you to know that there is to be a combined movement from the James to the Cape Fear, and you are to begin it. Upon your success depends very much the success of the scheme. The condition of Contentnea Creek or the roads below may prevent your march or there may be other objections which I do not understand. If so, wait until you see me; hope to be down to-morrow. I most earnestly hope, to be down to-morrow. I most earnestly hope, however, there will be no obstacle in the way. I have written to General Garnett, at Greenville, that you would begin on Thursday. Everything is intrusted to your skill, prudence, and good management.

With great respect,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

Numbers 10. Report of Brigadier General Richard B. Garnett, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS GARNETT'S BRIGADE,Tarborough, N. C., March 11, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report, which I deem important you should be in possession of:

My last regiment has just arrived. My troops have been very much delayed on the route, owing to want of concert among the railroad agents. I did not receive your letter of instructions until about 1 o'clock to-day, which was the first reliable information I had of my destination. Being entirely ignorant of the country in which I was ordered to operate, I consulted with the post quartermaster, Captain Brown, who informed me that he had done business in Hyde County for many years. He was of the opinion that it had been very much stripped by the Yankees, and introduced to me a Mr. Blount, of the Forty-first North Carolina Regiment, whom he represented as a very trustworthy man and a native of Beaufort, the adjoining county to Hyde. Mr. Blount

