
gives me the following information, which he obtained in Hyde County while endeavoring to get out a horse belonging to him:

The Yankee troops have destroyed the following bridges: Pungo Bridge, 100 yards long; Wilkerson Creek Bridge, 40 yards long; Broad Creek Bridge, 60 yards long, and Rose Bay Bridge, 20 yards long. (All of these except the first are in Hyde County, and must be rebuilt before wagons can pass over the only accessible road through the county. This last fact is confirmed by Captain Brown.) Mr. Blount was told by Dr. Milton Selby and Mr. Davis (gentlemen of high standing in Hyde) that the Federal troops had lately made several raids into the county (one about a week since), destroying and carrying off large quantities of bacon (about 15,000 pounds from a Mr. Bell), besides wantonly killing beef-cattle and other stock. The number of the enemy in their last expedition was about 1,500. Mr. Blount reports ten gunboats on the Sound, two of which he saw in Pungo River.

I have but few mechanics in my command and no building-tools except axes. It would be almost impossible to build a bridge over the Pungo River if attacked by the gunboats, which would probably be the case, as the water is some 20 feet deep and the work would necessarily occupy several days. With regard to the other bridges I can form no idea, being ignorant of the facility for getting timber, &amp;c., in their neighborhood. You can judge, seeing the distance I would have to march and the detention I would meet with from the causes above stated, whether the concert you mentioned with other troops could be carried out.

I shall leave for Greenville to-morrow morning, which place I cannot reach until the next day. As the information may modify your views, I am desirous of hearing from you as soon as possible. You will therefore oblige me very much by replying by the bearer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. GARNETT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General D. H. HILL, Commanding.

No. 11. Report of Brigadier General Junius Daniel, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS,Kinston, N. C., March 11, 1863.

GENERAL: Your letters of instructions have been received and delivered. General Robertson left yesterday; General Pettigrew this morning; Major Haskell is about leaving. I am very anxious that you should come down to-day. You are aware that there are four roads from this place to New Berne besides the railroad. I do not think I can advance in any force or with wagons over any other than the lower Trent. The bridges are destroyed on Neuse and Dover roads and it will require a day or two to build them. You are also aware that unless General Robertson operates between the Trent and White Oak that the upper Trent road will be left open to the enemy. I think I understood from General Robertson that his orders were to operate on south side of Trent, allowing him to go beyond the White Oak I presume

