
men of a Georgia cavalry regiment. I have directed Major-General Peck to keep a part of his force in motion constantly, so as to accustom them to marching instead of rusting in camp.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief.

OCTOBER 31, 1862.- Skirmish at Franklin, Va.

Report of Major General John J. Peck, U. S. Army.

SUFFOLK, VA., November 2, 1862.

SIR: On Friday night, October 31, we surprised the enemy at Franklin about 4 a. m., and shelled him with 75 projectiles before he opened. As ordered, the command at once moved away and reconnoitered as far as Zuni, Isle of Wight, &amp;c.

After withdrawing Follett's battery the enemy opened and kept a fire on the woods until nearly 11 a. m., supposing we were there. Colonel Spear was in command of the advance, and things the execution was great. He reports five regiments there, one at Ivor, and a force at Wakefield, but numbers unknown; others scattered along the river. No accident on our side. Ferry was in command. Wessells is ill. Longstreet has been at petersburg and may be at Wakefield, from which he can move to any threatened point.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

General JOHN A. DIX, Fort Monroe.

NOVEMBER 1-12, 1862.- Expedition from New Berne, N. c., including skirmishes (2nd) at Little Creek and Rawle's Mill.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Major General John G. Foster, U. S. Army, commanding the Department of North Carolina.

Numbers 2.- Colonel Thomas G. Stevenson, Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Infantry, commanding brigade, of skirmishes at Little Creek and Rawle's Mill.

Numbers 3.- Captain Job Arnold, Fifth Rhode Island Infantry, of skirmishes at Little Creek and Rawle's Mill.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General John G. Foster, U. S. Army, commanding the Department of North Carolina.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., November 12, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, agreeably to my letter of the 30th ultimo informing you of my intention to make an expedition through the eastern counties of this State and stating the object of the move, I left this post one the 31st, and have just arrived here on my return.

