
but only slightly. Lieutenant [G. B.] Knight and one man missing. Lieutenant [S. L.] Monday is badly wounded. It was a bold dash for cavalry, and impressed the rebels with the idea that our men were in earnest.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

General DIX.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Samuel P. Spear, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH PENNSYLVANIA VOL. CAVALRY,Camp Suffolk, Va., March 18, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of a reconnaissance made by me in the direction of Franklin, &amp;c.:

On the evening of the 16th I received orders from the commanding general, through his assistant adjutant-general, to make a thorough investigation of the ground occupied by a supposed force on the Blackwater, and opposite to, on this side of the river from Franklin. I accordingly left Suffolk in command of 350 yards cavalry and four pieces of Davis' battery, and, proceeding very cautiously, arrived at an found the enemy's outer pickets at Hebron Church, half a mile from Carrsville and 4 1/2 miles this side of Franklin. They at once fled to the woods, and undoubtedly, by a pathway, gave information of my approach. I advanced, and at a point 1 mile this side of Franklin found a small picket; captured a first lieutenant in charge and sent him at once to your headquarters. Here I ordered a charge of three companies, under Major F. A. Stratton, and he gallantly made the same, in which, immediately under the breastworks of the enemy, he lost his horse and full equipments. Some of his men were wounded and Lieutenant Samuel L. Monday was badly wounded in the abdomen. The party under command of Major Stratton, after examining the enemy's defenses, &c., and in accordance to orders, returned and joined my main body. Captain Davis was then directed and threw about eighteen shells directly into the enemy's lines, which must have done great destruction.

I then ordered cease firing and made a second charge of three companies, under Major George T. Cornog, which was done in such a manner as to merit my thanks. The enemy's intrenchments, masked battery, and rifle-pits were so constructed as to be impassable for cavalry, and while no results could be gained by me, enabled him to a very great advantage.

The fortifications, rifle-pits, &c., are about 200 yards from Blackwater River and running nearly parallel with it,and it is estimated, by a minute examination, that one regiment of infantry, about 250 cavalry, two 10-pounder rifled guns, and one section of rocket battery is the strength of the enemy on this side of the river at that point.

Inclosed please find a list of wounded and missing,* and see note of some since returned. Lieutenant Knight must, I think, have been thrown from his horse, and is probably now a prisoner unhurt.

It gives me pleasure to commend highly the conduct of Majs. Franklin A. Stratton and George T. Cornog for their prompt, energetic, and spirited manner in conducting their respective charges, and unless

---------------

*Not found. Regimental returns report 1 officer and 2 men wounded, and 1 officer and 11 men missing.

---------------

