
these movements had been made it would have been impossible to have given a correct or even a slight account of the enemy's defenses, strength, &amp;c.

Lieutenant Samuel L. Monday was seriously wounded* while in the performance of his duty, and I regret exceedingly this serious injury to an excellent and promising officer.

Captain Phineas A. Davis is deserving of great credit for his portion of duty in the reconnaissance, and officers and men all behaved well.

Having performed the duty assigned me, I returned to camp at 7 last evening.

While I regret exceedingly the loss in missing I am positive that I could not have carried out my instructions with less casualties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. SPEAR,

Colonel Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Major B. B. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 23, 1863.-Skirmish at Winfield, N. C.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General John A. Dix, U. S. Army, commanding the Department of Virginia.

Numbers 2.-Major General John G. Foster, U. S. Army, commanding the Department of North Carolina.

Numbers 3.-Major General John J. Peck, U. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General John A. Dix, U. S. Army, commanding the Department of Virginia.

FORT MONROE, VA., March 29, 1863.

On the 23rd the enemy, with three companies Forty-second North Carolina and a guerrilla force, under command of Colonel Brown, Forty-second North Carolina, attacked the post at Winfield, on the Chowan, below Gatesville. Lieutenant McLane, with part of a company of the First North Carolina Volunteers, took refuge in a block-house, and after an hour and a half's fighting repulsed the enemy. The next day General Foster came up from Plymouth with three companies, which were landed and sent in pursuit. Four companies of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry were sent from Suffolk the same day by General Peck. Some of Colonel Brown's command succeeded in crossing the Chowan. The residue were overtaken by General Foster's companies, and after a skirmish were dispersed and scattered in the swamps. Our troops were trying to hunt them up at last accounts. This morning the enemy attacked Williamsburg with infantry and cavalry, and were repulsed by the Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, under Colonel Lewis. They had retreated an hour ago. All was quiet at Williamsburg, and Colonel Lewis had re-established his pickets.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

Major-General HALLECK, Genera-in-Chief.

---------------

*Died of his wounds March 18, 1863.

---------------

