
Numbers 2. Report of Major General John G. Foster, U. S. Army, commanding the Department of North Carolina.

CHOWAN RIVER, STEAMER JOHN FARON,

March 25, 1862.

GENERAL: The rebels attacked the post at Winfield on the morning of the 23rd at daybreak. Lieutenant McLane, with the portion of his company (of the First North Carolina Volunteers) that had not left him, took refuge in the block-house, and after one and a half hours' fighting repulsed the enemy, whose force consisted of three companies of the Forty-second North Carolina and a guerrilla force, all under the command of Colonel Brown, of the Forty-second North Carolina. I was at Plymouth at the time and ran up with three companies, landed them, and started them in pursuit, at the same time patroling the river with my boat to prevent their recrossing and also sending for some cavalry to General Peck, at Suffolk, to scout the country and pick up stragglers. Some of Colonel Brown's command succeeded in recrossing, but the remainder were overtaken by our companies at Rocky Hock Creek yesterday morning and attacked, and after a short skirmish scattered into the swamps.

Four companies of your fine regiment, the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, arrived at night, too late to do much scouting, but will to-day try to force out these fugitive rebels. You can, if you choose, send a brief epitome of this small affair to General Halleck.

If you still entertain the idea of holding the country north of the Albemarle, now garrisoned by very small parties, I shall be happy to vacate whenever you find it convenient to replace my small garrisons or to establish others more convenient for you. I think the post at Winfield should be maintained to intercept smuggling across the Chowan River.

With great respect, very truly, yours,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Volunteers.

General JOHN A. DIX,

Commanding Seventh Army Corps, Fort Monroe, Va.

Numbers 3. Reports of Major General John. J. Peck, U. S. Army.

SUFFOLK, VA., March 23, 1863.

The post at Winfield, N. C., was attacked this morning by a considerable force of guerrillas in the absence of the gunboat. One of the pickets came in. I at once ordered Major Stratton to go down with a party of cavalry and render any assistance in his power.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

General DIX.

SUFFOLK, VA., March 24, 1863.

A communication from General Foster's headquarters reached me this morning. The gunboats had arrived at Winfield from Plymouth

