
and relieved the garrison after all their barracks were burned. They crossed 8 miles below. Yesterday I sent a strong party, under Major Stratton, and hope we may be able to cut off and capture some of them. Shall follow them up.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

General DIX.

SUFFOLK, VA., March 25, 1863.

Major Stratton reached Winfield at 8 a. m., in excellent time. The gunboat had been back with four companies of infantry and left again prior to his arrival. The infantry were in pursuit. The rebels moved off toward Edenton. Some heavy guns were heard in that direction.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

Major-General DIX.

MARCH 29, 863.-Skirmish at Williamsburg, Va.

REPORTS, ETC.*

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Richard Busteed, U. S. Army, commanding at Yorktown, and orders.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Colonel William Lewis, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Numbers 3.-Brigadier General Henry A. Wise, C. S. Army.

Numbers 4.-Colonel William B. Tabb, C. S. Army.

Numbers 5.-Captain G. A. Wallace, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Richard Busteed, U. S. Army, commanding at yorktown, and orders.

YORKTOWN, March 30, 1863.

I sent you this morning the report of Colonel Lewis, who is now here. Our casualties were 5 wounded, 6 missing, and 2 murdered. The boats were stolen from off our dead.

The enemy's loss in killed and wounded, according to the most reliable accounts, is at least 18. He came with a train of wagons and four field pieces, and was guided into the town by citizens of Williamsburg at three different points.

I will send you to-morrow three of the enemy's force, who deserted to us. I have the pleasure to report everything quiet now.

RICHARD BUSTEED.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General DIX.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Yorktown, Va., March 29, 1863.

Colonel LEWIS:

I received on Thursday from General Dix a telegram that Williamsburg must not be destroyed unless actually taken possession of by the

---------------

*See also Dix to Keyes, May 26, 1863, in "Correspondence, etc.," post.

---------------

