
enemy, and then not unless absolutely necessary for our own safety. You must be guided by these rules in all that you do.

RICHARD BUSTEED,

Brigadier-General, Commanding the Forces at Yorktown.

ORDERS.] FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

Yorktown, Va., March 29, 1863.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Williamsburg, Va.:

The attack of the enemy on our lines at Williamsburg this (Sabbath) morning was accompanied by circumstances of so aggravated a character as to call for prompt and severe punishment to those most implicated. Conclusive evidence has been furnished to the commanding general that the attack was aided, if not planned, by citizens of Williamsburg and carried to a successful end by them and their abettors outside the lines; that the enemy were led into the city by one or more citizens, and that when once in they were enabled by the aid of the citizens and their own overwhelming force to occupy the most advantageous points for attack and defense; that upon their occupation of the city they were assisted by the citizens in their attack upon our forces, who were fired upon from the houses lining the streets, the dead bodies of the murdered being despoiled and stripped, their boots pulled off their feet; that the stores of their sympathizers within the city were thrown open to their advantage and their horses loaded with packs prepared for their arrival. To provide against a repetition of the outrage, the commanding general directs:

1st. That all the privilege to all store-keepers in the city of Williamsburg to purchase and sell goods are revoked.

2nd. That all citizens in the city of Williamsburg and vicinity who are willing to take the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States will present themselves to the provost-marshal of Williamsburg for the purpose of taking such oath on or before the 1st day of April,k 1863.

3rd. That all citizens in the city of Williamsburg and vicinity who are not willing to take the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States, excepting the servants and employees of the eastern Lunatic Asylum of the State of Virginia, will prepare themselves and their families to be placed beyond the lines now occupied by the armed forces of the said Government by the 2nd of April, 1863.

4th. The greatest publicity will be given to this order and the cause leading to its issue, and the end to be accomplished by its enforcements will be communicated to all concerned.

By order of Brigadier-General Busteed, commanding post:

C. C. SUYDAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

YORKTOWN, VA., March 30, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM LEWIS,

Commanding Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry:

General Dix directs that the order I issued to you to-day shall not be enforced. You will therefore consider it as revoked. Notify the provost-marshal at Williamsburg.

RICHARD BUSTEED,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

