
mated at 1,000 in number, advanced on the Richmond road, having with them four pieces of artillery and a number of wagons. The cavalry engaging the attention of Lieutenant Wenzel, of Company C, who with 26 of his men were stationed on the Richmond road, the infantry succeeded in getting in his rear. Lieutenant Wenzel, finding himself cut off, drew saber and charged through their infantry to join Captain Stetson, in command of reserve pickets, but in so doing had 2 men killed and himself and 3 others wounded; 9 men additional were dismounted and are missing. Lieutenant Wenzel behaved with great gallantry. He gives a very clear account of the whole affair, and is positive as to the strengths of enemy, as he allowed them to approach within 500 yards before retreating. Their battery was planted at the college ready for action. On ascertaining their strength Captain Stetson, with picket reserve, fell back and joined the regiment in line of battle near Fort Magruder under my command. Before receiving contrary orders from your headquarters I ordered Captain Bayley, in command of Fort Magruder, to shell the enemy out of the town, which was accomplish after firing about 12 rounds from a 6-pounder. Our picket line was then re-established, the enemy still holding a position in the woods about one-half mile beyond Williamsburg. One 24-pounder was then run from Fort Magruder and preparations made for an advance, with the idea of clearing our picket line, whereupon the enemy retired. In this affair we lost 7 horses besides the men previously named. The enemy lost in killed and wounded 12 men, whom they carried away in their wagons, and 4 deserters.

After quiet was restored I returned to camp with my command, and arrived here at 11 a. m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. LEWIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel C. C. SUYDAM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Army Corps, Yorktown, Va.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Yorktown, Va., March 29, 1863.

Respectfully forward.

The within report is furnished to the major-general commanding the department for his information. I am, however, not satisfied with its completeness, and have directed Lieutenant-Colonel Lewis to report to me in the morning that I may obtain a more full and detailed account of the occurrences of this morning.

RICHARD BUSTEED,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Brigadier General Henry A. Wise, C. S. Army.

MARCH 31, 1863.

* * * * *

Colonel Tabb, on March 29 instant, made a descent upon the Federals at Williamsburg. The result of the expedition was the capture of the

