
Large smokes were observed at Fort Magruder and Whittaker's Mill. Mr. Douglas, the superintendent of the lunatic asylum, who was watching from the tower, reported that the enemy were burning their stores.

I am still confident that the enterprise is easily practicable, but in this connection I will write again.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. TABB,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. H. PEARCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 5. Report of Captain G. A. Wallace, C. S. Army.

DIASCUND BRIDGE, VA., March 30, 1863.

SIR: I beg to hand you here my report of the expeditions intrusted to me:

The object being the capture of Fort Magruder by surprise, I left you at a point on the Telegraph road about 3 miles from Williamsburg at 2 a. m. yesterday. I took within me two guides, Companies F and A, Fifty-ninth Virginia Regiment, and Captain [J. C.] Hill's company, of Forty-sixth Virginia Regiment, numbering 102 muskets. I t was thought by your guides that we could reach the point from which I was to make the assault on the fort before daylight, but the guides whom you gave me, though they knew the direction, seemed to know nothing of any path. We were led over a very rough country-through ploughed fields, over fences, deep and wide ditches, through a swamp that took the men over knee-deep, and through some timber with very thick undergrowth. Owing to all this our progress was very slow; as it was, the darkness caused Company A, Fifty-ninth Regiment, and Captain Hill's company to be separated from my command, and at daylight I reached the open country about 1 mile from the fort with Company F, Fifty-ninth Regiment, only. I sent back one of the guides to find the two lost companies and when he returned with them it was so light that we could be seen, and were undoubtedly seen from Williamsburg. I determined therefore to push on. On reaching a point near the Capitol Landing road we discovered three of the enemy, mounted, coming from Williamsburg. They having discovered who we were turned their horses, and I ordered a volley to be fired on them. I then determined, being discovered, to make my way through Williamsburg to form a junction with you on the telegraph road, if not at Williamsburg itself. A few minutes after the first I fired the second volley, as the signal agreed on, and was proceeding over the old field toward the town when we were threatened by a body of cavalry on our left. I immediately formed line of battle and advanced at double-quick and in good order. They seeming to advance, I halted and fired several rounds. Having dispersed them I marched by the flank to the town. Another large body of cavalry in the man time was discovered in a field on our left, who followed us to the town. When I struck the main street, up which I filed my force, this last body followed. In the mean time we captured 4 prisoners, horses, arms, &amp;c., and fired on several who would not sur-

