
the town the party was fired upon by the enemy is some force. They returned and reported.

I also sent one company of the First North Carolina (Union) Volunteers, Captain Lyon, and one 12-pounder Wiard to occupy Rodman's Point, on the south side of Pamlico River and 1 1/2 miles below the town. This company landed at the Point, and, having thrown out pickets, erected and earthwork in which they placed the field piece. That night their pickets were driven in and the company driven to their boats. At daylight the next a. m. the enemy advanced to the beach and forced the boats off, wounding Captain Lyon and 9 men. At sundown our pickets on the Jamesville road were driven by the enemy's cavalry.

Tuesday, March 31, a cutter of the United States gunboat Commodore Hull was sent down the river after a scow upon which were some men of the First North Carolina who had been driven from Rodman's Point the previous night. When opposite Hill's Point it was opened upon by a battery of four rifled guns. It was also fired upon by a battery at Swan's Point. At 12 o'clock midnight a schooner, in charge of Mr. Gilbert, was dispatched to New Berne with orders for re-enforcements. The enemy sent in a flag of truce to open communication with the commanding officer. I refused to receive any flag of truce.

April 1.-At daylight this morning the gunboat Commodore Hill was opened upon by a battery at Rodman's Point (opposite which she was lying in order to prevent the erection of a battery) and from one a little above which had been thrown up during the night. The Hull got aground opposite the battery, but maintained a gallant fight during the day, though with no result. At night she floated off and returned to town.

April 2.-The gunboats below the barricade were seen engaging the Hill's Point Battery. The movements of the enemy indicating the erection of his siege batteries, I caused traverses to be erected along the line of our intrenchments, merlons to be placed on the fort, the door of the magazine to be casemated, the ditches to be enlarged and flooded by means of dams, and the whole garrison generally was steadily kept at work strengthening the defenses; 10,000 rations were put in the fort, with the intention of holding it to the last extremity even were other portions of the line forces by the enemy's column. A redoubt was built on the right flank of our works, near Block-house Numbers 4, bearing on Rodman's Point, upon which were mounted three guns. Another redoubt was erected, covering the marsh on the right of the fortifications. At night a schooner loaded with ammunition and commissary stores ran the batteries, as a small had previously done.

April 3.-At daylight the enemy opened fire upon the gunboats from a battery abreast the town and near the New Berne road, which they had erected during the night. This battery was silenced by the gunboats. A redoubt was erected at the end of the bridge crossing the Tar River and in the town, for the purpose of sweeping the bridge and also the streets of the town, for the purpose of sweeping the bridge and also the streets of the town in case the enemy should succeeded in forcing an entrance, and in it was placed one 6-pounder gun. The work was erected and to be manned by Captain Jocknick with his company of cavalry, dismounted. I ordered a party of this company of cavalry, under Lieutenant O'Brien, to cross the river in boats and endeavor to capture the gun on the marsh opposite the steamer Louisiana, which has been silenced by the gunboats. It was found impracticable to reach its position, owing to the intervening swamps.

April 4.-This morning the gunboat Ceres, Lieutenant MacDearmid,

