
Return of Casualties in the Union forces during the siege of Washington, N. C., March 30-April 16, 1863.

[Compiled from nominal lists of casualties, returns, etc.]

Killed.

Command	 Officers	 Enlisted

 	 men

27th Massachusetts Infantry	 ......	 .......

43rd Massachusetts Infantry	 ......	 ......

44th Massachusetts Infantry	 .......	 .......

1st North Carolina Infantry, Company B	 .......	 1

3rd New York Light Artillery, Battery	 .......	 ........

G

Total	 .......	 1

Wounded

Command	 Officers	 Enlisted	 Aggregate

 	 men

27th Massachusetts Infantry	 .......	 10	 10

43rd Massachusetts Infantry	 .......	 2	 2

44th Massachusetts Infantry	 1	 3	 4

1st North Carolina Infantry,	 1	 6	 8

Company B

3rd New York Light Artillery,	 .......	 1	 1

Battery G

Total	 2	 22	 25

Numbers 2. Report of Captain David A. Taylor, Third New York Light Artillery, Chief Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS SIGNAL DEPARTMENT,New Berne, N. C., April 21, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to forward you a report of the late operations of this department connected with the siege of Washington, N. C.:

On the 9th instant, at my solicitation, Lieutenant-Colonel Hoffman, assistant adjutant-general of this department, ordered me to open communication between Washington and the gunboats in the Pamlico River, below Washington. On the morning of the 10th instant, in company with Lieutenant J. B. Knox, acting signal officer, I started from New Berne, and that evening met the gunboats 12 miles below Washington. I directed Lieutenant Knox and men to report to Captain McCann, commanding gunboat fleet in Pamlico River, and always to be on the boat at the blockade near Hill's Point.

That night, in company with Lieutenant-Colonel McChesney, First North Carolina Infantry, and Lieutenant Josselyn, of the Navy, and accompanied by my flagmen, Jacob A. Reed, Company I, Third New York Artillery, and Horace P. Baker, Company E, Third New York Artillery, I went up to Washington in a row-boat and reported to Major General J. G. Foster.

In making arrangements for the opening of communication, Captain McCann agreed to always have a boat on the river within sight of Washington, and Lieutenant Knox had to entirely depend upon the boats to place him in a position from which he could communicate with me. Notwithstanding his agreement, Captain McCann did not have a boat at the point designated until the second day, and them only for a couple of hours, during which time Lieutenant Knox was unable too find my flag, and it was not until the third day that he saw it; after which communication was kept up at all times when the gunboats were at the proper stations.

Whenever my flag was raised at Washington a cross-fire from the southwest and the north was opened upon it by the enemy.

On the 16th, while signaling to Lieutenant Knox from Numbers 4 block-

