
being engaged in foraging, had reconstructed a bridge over the creek, 3 miles outside the town, for the transportation of their artillery to the opposite bank. I also learned from information gathered on the spot that an immediate attack was to have been made on the place, but upon hearing of my advance from Washington and seeing the danger of their capture they beat a precipitate and hasty retreat.

The navy, under command of Commander H. K. Davenport, senior officer, co operated heartily with me during the whole time by sending five gunboats to Hamilton, and there placing four boat howitzers with their crews at my disposal.

I desire to mention particularly the efficient conduct of Colonel Stevenson, commanding the Second Brigade, and Colonel Potter of the First North Carolina Union Volunteers.

I recommended that Colonel Stevenson, for his efficient services on this march and in the affair of Little Creek and Rawle's Mill, as well as previous services at the battles of Roanoke and new Berne, be promoted to the rank of brigadier-general, to date from November 3, 1862.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Thomas G. Stevenson, Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Infantry, commanding brigade, of skirmishes at Little Creek and Rawle's Mill.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, November 15, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the result of the skirmishes in which my brigade was engaged on Sunday night, November 2, 1862:

At about dusk, as the advance guard, composed of the Marine Artillery, a company of the Tenth Connecticut, and a portion of cavalry, were crossing Little Creek, on the road from Washington to Williamston, they were suddenly fired upon the enemy from the opposite side of the creek, concealed in the woods on the right of the rod. The cavalry and infantry retired, the Marine Artillery opening fire. Two companies of the Forty-fourth were then ordered to deploy on the other side of the creek. In crossing, the enemy opened a brisk fire on them which was immediately returned with good effect, but their ammunition getting wet they were ordered to retire, which was done in good order, with a loss of 1 killed and 6 wounded. In the mean time Captain Belger's battery had taken position in a corn field on the left of the road and opened fire, the enemy returning with musketry and artillery, which the well-directed fire of Captain Belger's battery soon silenced. Two companies of the Forty-fourth Massachusetts were then ordered to the front, but the enemy again opened fire, killing 1 and wounding 1. I then ordered them to fall back. Captain Belger opened fire once more on the enemy and in a short time caused them to retreat.

