
April 9.-Arrived at Blount's Creek, found the enemy strongly intrenched; engaged them, but finally withdrew, and returned to New Berne. Immediately after the return of the column the Forty-third Massachusetts, of the First Brigade, went on board of transports and proceeded toward Washington, N. C. After lying off the rebel batteries in the Pamlico River for seven days returned to New Berne.

April 17.-The Seventeenth Massachusetts Volunteers, of the First Brigade, and the Fifth Massachusetts Volunteer Militia and two companies of the Forty-sixth Massachusetts Volunteer Militia, of the Second Brigade, forming a part of the force under the immediate command of General Foster, crossed the Neuse River and marched on Washington, N. C., arriving there on the 20th instant, without meeting the enemy; distance 35 miles.

April 22.-Returned to New Berne by transports.

April 25.-The Forty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteer Military (First Brigade) relieved from duty as provost guard of the city of New Berne, complimented by Major-General Foster for the efficient and soldierly manner in which the duty had been performed.

Numbers 5. Report of Brigadier General Henry M. Naglee, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of Expedition from New Berne to Washington, April 17-19.
HEADQUARTERS NAGLEE'S DIVISION,New Berne, N. C., April 21, 1863.

COLONEL: I would respectfully report that the advance, consisting of Heckman's brigade, a detachment of the Third New York Cavalry, and one light howitzer, crossed Blount's Creek on the afternoon of the 18th of April, after a march of 22 miles.

Here I learned that the forces of the enemy under General Hill had retired in the direction of Greenville; that a rear guard still held the crossing of this road with that leading from New Berne direct to Washington, and that the road was picketed and held by the Second Georgia Cavalry. We proceeded without opposition until we were about crossing the Chocowinity Creek, where, by a hold cavalry dash, we captured 5 of the enemy, and it being night withdrew to the right bank and held the bridges at the mills, that at the main road having been destroyed. Our pickets at both bridges were fired upon repeatedly during the night; returning the fire, killed several of the enemy at the main-road crossing.

On the morning of the 19th we were under arms by 4 a. m., and at 6 found the enemy occupying the field works commanding the bridges and mill dam. A force was sent across the dam while a mounted one was pushed across the bridges, and both attacked in a spirited manner and drove the enemy from the breastworks.

Again they formed and occupied another line of works about 1 mile from the last, and again were dispossessed of them.

At the long lien of works crossing the New Berne and Washington roads, 3 miles from the latter place, they again showed a determination to resist our progress. We approached cautiously and determinately, and without hesitation attached them. The horse of an officer was shot and threw his rider, and a charge was ordered, which resulted in the

