
capture of the captain of the Second Georgia Cavalry and the speedy retreat of his men and soon after of all the force. It now became a spirited race until near the crossing, where the enemy turned into the road toward Greenville, and where the howitzer was ordered into battery and opened with such effect that all organization was abandoned and the Second Georgia Cavalry threw down its colors and scattered in confusion. General Foster having ordered that I should not pursue beyond this point I ordered the cavalry to bivouac, that Heckman's brigade should do the same as soon as he should come up, and that all should await further orders.

I am happy to notice the services and gallant conduct of my assistant adjutant-general, Captain George H. Johnston, and that of Capts. George e. gouraud and Cohen, who assisted in a charge which captured more of the enemy than the number of those that engaged them on our side.

The efficient conduct of Lieutenant Beecher, of the Third New York Cavalry, attracted my attention.

We killed several of the enemy and made a number of prisoners.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

HENRY M. NAGLEE,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Eighteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 6. Report of Brigadier General Charles A. Heckman, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of Expedition from New Berne to Washington, April 17-19.
HEADQUARTERS HECKMAN'S BRIGADE,New Berne, N. C., April 21, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by two regiments of my brigade during the recent expedition to Washington, N. C.:

Friday (17th instant) having received orders to cross the Neuse River with my command and take the advance, I proceeded on the road toward Washington as far as Penify's plantation, distance from new Berne 7 miles, the road for a great part of the way being of the most horrid character.

The column not having closed up, I placed Belger's battery, commanded by Lieutenant-Simpson, in position, and my two regiments of infantry and a squadron of cavalry, commanded by Lieutenant Beecher, in line to support them. I then ordered the troops to bivouac for the night.

At daylight on the morning of the 18th formed line and commenced the march without interruption until we arrived at Swift Creek road at 10 a. m. Learning that the road to Swift Creek was blockaded for a number of miles I continued on the direct road to Blount's Creek Mill. At 12 m., the main column being some distance in the rear, I halted to rest and allow the column to close up. After a half of about two hours I was joined by General Naglee and staff, when we immediately pushed forward and reached Blount's Creek about 3.30 p. m . Found the bridge over the creek destroyed, but with very little labor the pioneers constructed a passage through the mill. Received orders from General

