
existence in your mind; and I am sure that the reconnaissance which shows that Hill's Point Battery could have been taken by my 2,500 men will prove equally fictitious.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

HENRY PRINCE,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding District.

Numbers 9. Reports of Colonel Silas P. Richmond, Third Massachusetts Infantry, of operations April 7-10 and 16-21.

CAMP JOURDAN,

New Berne, N. C., April 11, 1863.

SIR: The following is a correct report of the part taken by myself and command in the recent reconnaissance in force under Brigadier-General Spinola.

April 7, 6.30 p. m.-Received orders to march immediately with there days' cooked rations, and seven in bulk to follow. My command left camp at 7 p. m., marched to Foster's Wharf, and there embarked on the steamer Allison, which took us across the Neuse River. We landed near Fort Anderson and bivouacked for the night. I had with me 24 officers and 517.

April 8.-Waited during the morning for the remainder of the troops to cross over. The troops were temporarily brigaded anew, my regiment being put in the First Brigade, under command of Acting Brigadier Amory. The whole column was under General Spinola, and consisted of three brigades of five regiments each with a small force of cavalry and artillery. The column moved at 1.30 p. m., my regiment having the left of the First Brigade. We marched in a northerly direction. The roads for the most part were very good and the column moved fast. We made no halts for rest. We passed New Hope School-House about sunset, taking the road to the left. We marched until 9 p. m., then bivouacked by the road side. Distance marched, 15 miles.

April 9.-Our brigade moved at 6.30 a. m., in the same order as yesterday. Marched back on the same road about 4 miles; then took a cross-road, which led into the main road to Core Point, and continued on in the letter; halted a short time for dinner and then marched on until 3 p.m ., when we got in close proximity to Swift Creek, and the enemy's pickets were met-2 of them captured and the rest driven in. The enemy almost immediately opened on us with batteries on the other side of the creek. Our batteries moved to the front and engaged enemy's shell, though few in number, were excellently aimed, every one causing some loss on our side. Ammunition being nearly all expended the order was given to retire, which we did in good order, marching back to the cross-roads near New Hope School-House and then bivouacked for the night, it being then about 9 p. m., and having marched during the day about 30 milers.

April 10.-The column was put in motion at about 7 a. m., Colonel Amory's brigade having the lead and marching left in front, which brought my regiment in advance. Reached the ferry near Fort Anderson at 10.30 a. m., and after a little delay we were transported across the

