
river, reaching New Berne at 12 m., having marched in all about 55 miles in less than forty-eight hours from the time of leaving Fort Anderson. I brought my men all safely into camp although they were more completely tired out than at any previous time during the campaign.

Respectfully submitted.

S. P. RICHMOND,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

S. A. ILSLEY,

A. A. A. G., Second Brigade, Eighteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. THIRD Regiment MASSACHUSETTS VOL. MILITIA,Camp Jourdan, New Berne, N. C., April 23, 1863.

COLONEL: On the morning of the 16th instant I received orders to have my command formed ready to march, with three days' cooked rations, seven in bulk, and 100 rounds of ammunition per man. The necessary preparations were immediately made and line formed.

A large number of both officers and men were on the sick list, consequently the column marched was less in number than at any previous time. I was too unwell to leave camp, and the regiment went under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Barton.

The following is a copy of report to me:

CAMP JOURDAN,

New Berne, N. C., April 22, 1863.

Colonel S. P. RICHMOND:

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Third Regiment in the late expedition under General Prince toward Kinston, N. C.:

Formed regiment line at 10.30 on the morning of April 16 and marched with 448 men and 23 officers to the depot at New Berne; embarked on the cars at 2.45 p. m.; proceeded to a point 4 miles beyond Batchelder's Creek and bivouacked for the night.

On the morning of the 17th formed line at 7.30 and embarked on the cars and proceeded up the railroad and halted at the Jones plantation, a point near Core Creek; disembarked and formed line of battle. Three companies were ordered to report to Colonel Jourdan. Sent forward Companies C, B, and H. Regiment rested on their arms during the day and bivouacked here for the night.

18th.-All quiet through the night. Three companies were ordered to report to Colonel Jourdan. Sent forward Companies D, F, and A. Orders received to hold the regiment in readiness to act as reserve. Sent out Company E on picket. Regiment halted here for the night.

19th.-All quiet through the night. Company G ordered on the cars to guard the train and ammunition. Regiment remained inactive through the day and bivouacked here for the night.

20th.-All quiet through the night. Three companies were ordered to report to Colonel Jourdan. Sent forward Companies K, E, and G. About 9 o'clock firing was heard at the front. Received orders to go on board the cars as a support to the battery. Moved forward to Core Creek and halted. At 2 o'clock returned to our former position and bivouacked here for the night.

21st.-All quiet through the night. Regiment remained inactive until 3 o'clock when orders were received to prepare to march. Embarked on the cars at 6 o'clock and returned to New Berne, reaching camp at 7 p. m. Whole distance traveled, 34 miles. No casualties.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

JAMES BARTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Regiment Mass. Vol. Militia.

During the absence of the main portion of the regiment those remaining in camp improved in health considerably, but I am sorry to say that our sick list is still very large. Company I returned from detached service on the 20th instant, and last evening we had a dress parade in which all the companies belonging to the regiment partici-

