
pated. It was a very pleasing reunion to us, it being the first time at which all the companies have had an opportunity to form on the same line since the first day of our arrival in this department.

I remain, colonel, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. RICHMOND,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel J. JOURDAN,

Commanding Second Brigadier, Fifth Div., Eighteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 10. Report of Captain John M. Willson, Third New York Cavalry, of skirmish at Sandy Ridge, April 20.

PICKET STATION, NEUSE ROAD,

April 22, 1863.

SIR: I have to report to you that in the skirmish with the enemy April 20, 1 man was wounded and 3 horses killed and 1 revolver lost. Seventeen of my command were engaged, under the command of Sergt. Henry Dow. I was sick and could not take command.

I am, respectfully, yours,

JOHN M. WILLSON,

Captain Third New York Cavalry, Commanding Station.

Colonel S. H. MIX,

Commanding Third New York Cavalry.

Numbers 11. Report of Colonel J. Richter Jones, Fifty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry, of skirmish at Sandy Ridge, April 20.
HDQRS. FIFTY-EIGHTH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,Camp at Core Creek, April 20, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I advanced on the Dover road this morning according to arrangements. No enemy were found this side of Sandy Ridge, but at the junction, or just beyond the causeway running from the railroad, fire was opened on my skirmishers. I had three companies deployed, which drove the enemy gradually back, they making a stand at every strong position. Near the upper end of the ridge, where it is not more than 100 yards wide, they had a breastwork of logs and earth reaching across to the swamps on both flanks, which they endeavored to hold and defended with great resolution. Finding the front likely to cost me many men, I deployed two more companies on the right and left flanks, with directions to force their way through the swamps. Those swamps were barely passable by woodmen, but my men succeeded in advancing on the flank of the breastwork, when they raised a shout, at which the enemy abandoned it, and fled into the swamp to the rear of the ridge.

I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of my officers and men, of their coolness and steadiness under fire, and of their perseverance in pushing the enemy. The enemy opposed to us were one company of

