
Nethercutt's battalion and three companies of the Forty-ninth North Carolina, Lieutenant-Colonel Flemming, and they numbered, one of the prisoners says, 225. We found one of the enemy dead on the field (whom we buried decently), 2 wounded and took 27 prisoners.

Our loss is 8 wounded, one of whom belongs to Company H, Third New York Cavalry, which company behaved gallantly and lost 3 horses. The breastwork where the enemy made their final stand is at the upper end of the ridge, about 6 miles by the Dover road from Core Creek; beyond, that road runs principally through swamps to its junction with the railroad.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. RICHTER JONES,

Colonel Fifty-eighth Regiment.

Captain WALDRON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 12. Reports of Brigadier General Francis B. Spinola, U. S. Army, commanding Provisional Division and First Brigade, Fifth Division, of operations on the Pamlico, April 1-4; action at Blount's Creek, April 9, and of Expeditions from New Berne to Swift Creek Village, April 13-21.
HEADQUARTERS SPINOLA'S BRIGADE,Washington, N. C., May 12, 1863.

COLONEL: In obedience to verbal orders, received at 4 o'clock on the morning of March 31, for me to have two regiments of my brigade ready to embark from the wharf at Fort Spinola at daybreak and for myself and staff to accompany them to Washington, N. C., where I would report to General Foster, I have the honor to report, viz:

I immediately proceeded to executed the order. The One hundred and seventy-first and One hundred and seventy-fifth Regiments Pennsylvania Militia, the first commanded by Colonel Bierer and the second commanded by Colonel Dyer, were at the wharf at the appointed time. At 6 a. m. the steamer Emilie, with a schooner in tow, started with the One hundred and seventy-fifth Regiment and the right wing of the One hundred and seventy-first Regiment, and at 10 o'clock the same morning the steamer John Farron started, with schooner in tow, the left wing of the One hundred and seventy-first Regiment being on the Farron and three pieces of Ransom's battery, with caissons, limbers, and 200 rounds of ammunition for each gun, together with Captain Ransom and his company, being on the schooner; myself and staff on the Faron.

I proceeded down the Neuse River and at 2 p. m. came up with the steamer Sylvan Shore, lying at anchor inside of the light-house at the mouth of Neuse River. I gave the captain orders to proceed at once to the steamer Thomas Colyer, then aground on a shoal about 8 miles from the light-house, and take the One hundred and fifty-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Militia from on board of her and proceed with it to Washington, N. C., with all dispatch.

The One hundred and fifty-eighth Regiment had started for Washington on March 29 under orders from Headquarters Eighteenth Army Corps. I subsequently ascertained that the steamer Sylvan Shore could not accommodate all of the regiment, and at 3 o'clock of the same day

