
was made without the least confusion or interruption of any kind and without any molestation from the enemy. The column proceeded as far as the New Hope School-House and bivouacked for the night, and returned to New Berne the next day.

The casualties of officers and men were 11 wounded, none killed, which was very slight considering the nature of the engagement. Captain Belger was wounded in the leg, the ball passing through his thing and killing his horse under him; in the Seventeenth Massachusetts Volunteers, Lieutenant Roberts and 7 men; in the artillery, 2 men besides Captain Belger.

It is impossible to ascertain the loss of the enemy. Several prisoner were taken. As our fire was well sustained, it doubtless did good execution.

The Seventeenth Massachusetts Volunteers and the Forty-third Massachusetts Militia were only part of my infantry engaged, and the conduct of both officers and men was all that could be desired, as was also that of the artillery and cavalry engaged.

I take great pleasure in stating that the conduct of Colonel Amory, commanding brigade; Lieutenant-Colonel Lewis, of the cavalry; Lieutenant-Colonel Follows, commanding Seventeenth Massachusetts, together with Captain Belger, of the artillery, during the march and engagement, was not only cool and brave but of the most creditable character, particularly while under fire; as was also that of Major Garrard, of the Third New York Cavalry; Major Frankle, of the Seventeenth Massachusetts Volunteers, and Major Stone, of the Third New York Artillery, the last-named officers having been temporarily detailed on my staff.

I am, colonel, with respect, your obedient servant,

F. B. SPINOLA,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant General, Eighteenth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS SPINOLA'S BRIGADE,Washington, N. C., May 18, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report: At 5 p. m. April 13 I received the following order:

NEW BERNE, N. C., April 13, 1863.

Brigadier-General SPINOLA,

Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: You will cross Neuse with your brigade with as much expedition as practicable, and make from Fort Anderson a careful reconnaissance in the direction of Washington, for the purpose of ascertaining the condition of the country and to divert the attention of the enemy from their attempt on our position at Washington. A squadron of cavalry and a section each from Belger's, Riggs', and Ransom's batteries are ordered to accompany you.

Major Garrard, an officer of intelligence and familiar with the country, will report to you in person for such as your may require.

The road to the New Hope School-House and that toward Swift Creek Village should be carefully examined, and in all movements care should be taken to secure your flanks and rear by occupying strong and unassailable position. Much is left to your discretion, it being understood that General Foster's desire is for us to occupy or divert the attention of the enemy his front.

The quartermaster's department is ordered to furnish the necessary transportation. Three days rations will be taken in the haversacks, and additional supplies sent to you at Fort Anderson on your requisition.

