
Itinerary of the First Brigade, Fifth Division, Eighteenth Army Corps, March 31-April 21, 1863.*

March 31-The One hundred and seventy, One hundred and fifty-eight, and One hundred and seventy-fifth Regiments Pennsylvania Militia, of this brigade, left New Berne on steamboats and transports, to re-enforce General Foster at Washington, N. C. Found the river blockaded by rebel batteries on both sides, which were attacked by our gun boats, but failed to raise the blockade, and we had to return to New Berne, where we arrived April 6.

April 8.-The same three regiments left New Berne on another expedition by land to Washington, and went as far as Blount's Creek, where we had an artillery engagement. The bridge over the creek being torn up and the creek not fordable, we returned to New Berne, where we arrived on the night of the 10th instant.

April 13.-The whole brigade crossed the Neuse River and went on a reconnaissance.

April 14.-Marched toward Swift Creek and Washington, N. C. At New Hope School-House we captured 2 rebel cavalry picket. We then marched toward Little Swift Creek, but by orders of General Wessells we returned to Fort Anderson on the night of the 15th and bivouacked there until the 18th, when the brigade again left for Swift Creek Village, clearing the blockade on the roads and building three bridges on our march.

April 19.-In the afternoon we met the enemy's pickets and drove them across Big Swift Creek that night.

April 20.-We crossed into the village. Finding no rebels there we returned to New Berne, where we arrived on the night of April 21.

Numbers 13.

Itinerary of the Second Brigade, Fifth Division, Colonel James Jourdan, One hundred and fiftieth New York Infantry, commanding, April 7-22.*

The principal incidents of the history of this brigade during the month ending April 30 are as follows:

April 7.-The regiments of this brigade, under the immediate command of Colonel F. J. Coffin, of the Eighth Massachusetts Volunteer Militia (I being absent from the department by authority of the major-general commanding), formed a part of the force which marched under command of Brigadier General F. B. Spinola for the purpose of relieving the garrison at Washington, N. C.; said force failing to accomplish the object fort which it marched, return to New Berne April 10. Nothing worthy of special mention occurred on the occasion referred to.

April 17.-This brigade again moved in the direction of Kinston, under my immediate command, together with other forces under the general direction of Brigadier General Henry Prince, commanding Fifth Division, Eighteenth Army Corps, and after passing Core Creek scoured the country to within about 10 miles of Kinston, skirmishing continually, and, by proper co-operation with other forces, succeeded in compelling the enemy to retire precipitately from an intrenched camp on a place known as Sandy Ridge, leaving in our hands between 30 and 40 prisoners, and after accomplishing the object for which it marched, returned to New Berne on April 22.

---------------

* From Brigade Return for April 1863.

---------------

