
Grapevine House, so called, near the Deep Gully, and from that point to return to this camp. The report of that scout by Lieutenant Drennan is inclosed herein and made a part of this report; also report of Lieutenant H. M. Richter, officer of the day, who rendered efficient service with a small force of pickets in defending our lines from the attack of the enemy.

Upon learning of the attack upon our lines at about 4 o'clock p. m. I immediately caused my command at this camp - Companies F, G, and K, of the Twenty-fifth Massachusetts Regiment -- to fall in, and followed your command of cavalry to the scene of action, dispatching orders to Company H, encamped 1 mile below this camp, to follow with all haste. Upon reaching the corner of the road going to the rear of French's house I met a private of your command riding his horse back from the engagement upon a run. He cried out to me to halt, as the enemy were coming down fast and in force. Supposing the order came from you I halted my command and proceeded on the road, being mounted, until I reached Lieutenant Tew with a reserve infantry force, being those who in part composed the scouting party. This officer stated that this men were exhausted, and that my companies could be of service. I immediately ordered my command forward and approached the Rocky Run under a fire of shell from the enemy, and turned to the right from the Trent road to the rear of the position held by you with your command. I reported to you at this point, and immediately after ordered Captain Wageley, of Company G, to take up position on the left of the Trent road so as to cover the bridge by his fire.

After remaining in our position for fifteen minutes, upon information that the enemy were attempting to flank us on our right, I withdrew my command to the road in rear of French's house, holding position in the narrow belt of timber upon that road and the right of Trent road, when we were joined by your command, taking position on the road in our rear. I sent a messenger to Captain Wageley informing him of our change of position and ordering him to join us in case of any strong attack upon him from the front or any appearance of an attack upon our flanks.

At this point Lieutenant Foster, in command of Company H, Twenty-fifth Massachusetts Regiment, reported to me with his command. Holding this position for some time we finally retired from it, with your approval, to gain a stronger position near the wood west of Mr. Eubanks' house. This was a strong position, where I flanked two companies upon each side of the road, guarding the position so we could not be flanked on either side without our knowledge. Very soon, however, Major Garrard, of your regiment, who had arrived and assumed command, order me to retire with my command to our camp, where he ordered me to place two companies in the clearing at Mr. Whitford's house, on the other side of Blakely's Branch, to support a howitzer placed in the road at the point. He also ordered me to place two companies in the yard of the Harrison house, both of which orders were executed. In about thirty minutes Major Garrard informed me he had orders from Colonel Kurtz, in command at New Berne, to retire to that city, and ordered me to retire with my command, taking such valuables as we could carry. We withdrew in order and marched as far as the belt of woods on the Trent road, next to Fort Totten, where I was ordered to deploy my detachment, which I did. In a short time I received orders from major Garrard to withdraw to the city with my command, which i did, taking quarters for the night at Camp Oliver.

The next morning, upon orders from Colonel Amory, commanding brigade, I returned to this camp, finding the tents unmolested.

