
Whitehead, Captain French. We went back to Nixonton in the morning; got the family of Mr. Moss, and started for Roanoke Island. I landed at Croatan for the family of J. W. harrison, but the weather was so heavy he could not get heard. Stopped at Roanoke till 10 p. m.; got under way and sailed for Washington, where we arrived at 6.30 a. m., on Sunday, May 10.

I labored under the difficulties of having a gunboat of too much draught of water, whose commander was very anxious to get to Roanoke, and therefore would not give me time to do my business as I could if I had had the command of the expedition myself.

I left 11 men in Camden, 3 in Pasquotank, and 2 Elizabeth City. It was impossible to get to them in so short a time, as they have to keep hid in the most of the time.

Your, respectfully,

E. C. SANDERS,

Captain, Company D, First North Carolina (Union) Vols.

APRIL 7, 1863.-Expedition from Gloucester Point to Gloucester Court House, Va.

Report of Colonel A. H. Grimshaw, Fourth Delaware Infantry.

CAMP GILPIN,

Gloucester Point, April 9, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that it obedience to your order of-instant I left this post at 7 a. m. on Tuesday, the 7th instant, with a detail from the Forth Delaware Volunteers and three companies of the One hundred and sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Drafter Militia, the squadron of the Second Massachusetts Cavalry attached to this command, and a detachment of cavalry under Major Hall, of the sixth New York. The party proceeded up the main road to Gloucester Court-House. At Abingdon Meeting-House I left one company of One hundred and sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Drafted Militia to prevent any communication with the enemy's pickets.

Beyond Hickory fort Major Hall was ordered to proceed to the right, and after destroying any grain he might find, to join the column at or near Gloucester Court-House. With regard to the particulars of the destruction of grain I refer to Major Hall's report, which I have directed him to send directly to your headquarters.

No mail was found at Gloucester Court-House ready to be sent south. A few letters, which I have handed to General Keyes, were found. These confirm the account of the late fight with and defeat of Lee's cavalry.

Inn accordance with the instructions of the general commanding the Fourth Army Corps I made preparations to return to Gloucester Point on the 7th, since the re-enforcements from the gunboat had not landed, and the signal-one rocket-was not received by the boat. The distance to the station of the boat being evidently greater than we had supposed, Major Hall proceeded by the Bell Roy road, making a detour toward the York River, so as destroy a quantity of grain in a barn beyond Gloucester Court-House, of which we obtained information at Gloucester Court. The major rejoined the column at Hickory Fort. The force marched during thirteen hours 32 miles. The men

