
and horses returned in good spirit and condition. The roads were muddy and obstructed by numerous collections of water.

I inclose a reported of Lieutenant Toner, quartermaster of Fourth Delaware Volunteers, of the amount of material seized and placed in his charge; also a note from Major Crowninshied.*

Allow me to speak of the good conduct of the men and the promptness of the officers accompanying the expedition. Major Hall was active efficient and rendered me especial service by his advice and experience. Lieutenant-Colonel Tevis, Fourth Delaware, and Major Crowninshield, with Captain Paul, all contributed, each in his position, to the success of the movements.

I did not destroy the grain at Tabb's farm, because it is within such a short distance that a very small force can transport it to this post.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. H. GRIMSHAW,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Major-General KEYES, Yorktown, Va.

APRIL 9-14, 1863.-Operations against Gloucester Point, Va.

Report of Colonel D. J. Godwin, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS,Kind and Queen Curt-House, Va., April 15, 1863.

GENERAL: In obedience to your order of the 7th instant I proceed on Thursday, the 9th, will all the force under my command the armed and equipped, to the enemy's fortifications at Gloucester Point. i arrived in the neighborhood of the Point Thursday evening. By daybreak on Friday morning I appeared on front of his works and remained there during the day, making demonstrations at several different position. I appeared alternately as infantry and cavalry, and so maneuvered my troops as to represent a heavy force. I drove in his pickets early on Friday morning, killing 1, wounding another, and captured 2 unhurt. I had 2 men wounded, 1 badly, the other only slightly. I kept up these demonstrations Saturday, Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday until 12 m., at which I returned to my camp, leaving behind however, two full companies to watch the enemy's movements. The enemy's force at the Point consisted of two infantry regiments, one battalion of cavalry, and two fields batteries. I am satisfied that my demonstration had the effect of diverting his force from the Peninsula. I found it utterly impossible to attack him works with success, and therefore decided not to do so. His fortifications at the Point are strong and through.

My officers behaved with great gallantry and my men with marked firmness.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. J. GODWIN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major General ARNOLD ELZEY,

Commanding Department of Richmond, Va.

P. S.-Captain Robert Tomlin, a volunteer aide, who behaved with dis tinguished gallantry, I regret to say, was severely wounded in the leg

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

