
Numbers 15-Brigadier George W. Getty, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, Ninth Army Corps.

Numbers 16.-Colonel Harrison S. Fairchild, Eighty-ninth New Infantry, commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 17.-Colonel William R. Pease, One hundred and seventeenth New York Infantry.

Numbers 18.-Brigadier General Edward Harland, U. S. Army, commanding Second

Numbers 19.-Colonel John E. Ward, Eighth Connecticut Infantry, of the capture of Battery Huger, April 19.

Numbers 20.-Colonel Griffin A. Stedman, jr., Eleventh Connecticut Infantry.

Numbers 21.-Colonel Arthur H. Dutton, Twenty-first Connecticut Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 22.-Major Hiram b. Crosby, Twenty-first Connecticut Infantry.

Numbers 23.-Brigadier General George H. Gordon, U. S. Army, commanding Reserve Division, of operation May 1-4.

Numbers 24.-Major General Samuel G. French, C. S. Army, commanding the Department of Southern Virginia.

Numbers 25.-Major L. M. Shumaker, C. S. Artillery, of the capture of Battery Huger, April 19.

Numbers 26.-Major F. J. Boggs, C. S. Artillery, of the capture of Battery huger, April 19.

Numbers 27.-Major James Dearing, C. S. April, of the capture of Battery Huger, April 19.

Numbers 28.-Captain Robert M. Stribling, Fauquier Artillery, of the capture of Battery Huger, April 19.

Numbers 29.-Lieutenant Colonel John A. Jones, Forty-fourth Alabama Infantry, of the capture of Battery Huger, April 19.

Numbers 30.-Colonel John K. Connally, Fifth-fifth North Carolina Infantry, of the capture of Battery Huger, April 19.

Numbers 31.-Major General George E. Pickett, C. S. Army, commanding Division, of skirmish on the Edenton Road, April 24.

Numbers 1.

Reports of May. General John A. Dix, U. S. Army, commanding the Department of Virginia, with congratulatory orders.

FORT MONROE, VA., April 19, 1863.

I deem it due to the force at Suffolk to notice briefly their gallant conduct during the last six days. O Tuesday General Peck's right was attacked and the enemy's advanced was gallantly met by Colonel Foster's light troops, driving him back to the line of his pickets; Anderson's division was engaged at the same time on the water front with our gunboats and batteries, and suffered materially. On Wednesday a rebel battery of 20-pounder rifled guns was effectually silenced, and an attack on the Smith Briggs, an armed quartermaster's boat, was repulsed. Reported attempts have been made on our lines but have all been foiled. The storming of the enemy's battery near the West Branch of the Nansemond by General Getty and the gunboats under Lieutenant lamson of the Navy, and the capture of six guns and 200 prisoners closes the operations of the six day against the enemy's large force very satisfactory.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

