
ing to some 35,000 men, and the character of the Upper Nansemond-running back to the rear 7 miles with a very narrow channel and afford ing very extraordinary facilities for cutting off our communications with Norfolk-rendered incessant vigilance necessary to defeat his purpose, and unremitting labor to cover weak points with additional works. The successful termination of the investment is due in a great degree to the industry of Major-General Peck in putting his position in a state of defense, the judicious arrangements made to repel attack upon his works, and his unslumbering vigilance from the advance of the enemy's force to their final retreat; and I desire to acknowledge his great promptitude in carrying out all my suggestions and orders and his good judgment in the far more numerous exigencies in which he acted on his own discretion.

To his officers and men the highest praise is due for their gallantry in face of the enemy and their zealous devotion to all their duties, including the construction of extended and heavy intrenchments-the least attractive bet often the most essential service of an army in the field. Particular reference is due to Brigade-General Getty, who was placed in charge of the Nansemond, the most vulnerable part of our line, and under whose direction a portion of our force was thrown across the river and a battery of five guns carried by storm.

My thanks are due to Admiral Lee, who co-operated by means of his gunboats in preventing the enemy from crossing the Nansemond, and to Lieutenants Cushing, Lamson, and Harris, who displayed great coolness, gallantry, and good judgment in the management of their vessels. Lieutenant Lamson deserves particular mention as having suggested the capture of the battery on the river and having aided General Getty in carrying the plan into execution. I desire to refer to the report of Major-General Peck for a more particular mention of the services of his officers and men.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, SEVENTH A. C.,

No 32. Fort Monroe, Va., May 6, 1863.

The major-general commanding congratulates Major-General Peck and the troops under his command at Suffolk on the sudden retreat of the enemy to the Blackwater, after a close investment of the place for more than three weeks by a superior force led by some of the most distinguished generals in the service of the insurgents. The enemy has sustained a loss of five guns, and not less that 1,500 men in prisoners, killed, wounded, and deserters, while ours is limited to a comparatively small number of killed and wounded. For this result the highest praise is due to Major-General Peck, through whose untiring industry and good judgment during the last six months the place has been strongly fortified, and through whose watchfulness it has been held during the investment. The same high praise is due to the troops under his command and to their officers. Their courage and vigilance, their firmness in resisting the enemy's attacks, their gallantry in assaulting him in his works on repeated occasions deserve the heartfelt thanks which the major-general commanding hereby tenders to them.

The major-general commanding avails himself of the occasion to acknowledge

