
the gallant and efficient co-operation of the gunboats sent by Admiral Lee the Nansemond, under Lieutenants Cushing and Lamson, in silencing the enemy's batteries, in resisting the enemy's attempts to cross the river, and especially the assistance lent by the latter to General Getty in capturing five of the enemy's guns.

By command of Major-General Dix:

D. T. VAN BUREN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2.

Abstract from "Record of Events" in Department of Virginia, April 11-May 4.*

April 11.-The enemy advanced upon Suffolk, va., from Blackwater drove in our pickets, capturing the outpost of cavalry on South Quay road, and was not checked until within artillery range, when he was driven back.

April 12.-He advanced on the Somerton road, but was repulsed retiring hastily, and our infantry pickets were on the original lines.

April 13.-The enemy concentrates along the Nansemond, erected heavy batteries, and succeeded in blockading the river; he failed in all his attempts to effect a crossing. The gunboats and our batteries were almost incessantly engaged and several times silenced the enemy's batteries.

April 19.-The enemy opened on the gunboats from Fort Hunger. A plan was immediately agreed upon by General Getty and Lieutenant Lamson, U. S. Navy, to cross the river and attack the fort. The gunboats and batteries opened upon it impetuously. In the mean time a detachment from the Eighty-ninth New York Volunteers and from the Eight Connecticut crossed on the gunboats Stepping Stones and stormed the fort, and were highly successful, capturing five pieces of artillery, two 20-pounder Parrotts and three 12-pounder howitzers: also 129 prisoners, including 9 officers.

April 20.-Major Stratton, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, visited Elizabeth City, N. C., and found it abandoned by our forces.

April 27.-A reconnaissance in force was made upon the enemy's right flank on the Edenton road, also on the Somerton, and after some skirmishing the enemy was driven his rifle-pits back upon his main line. Two transports ran the blockade under the volunteer pilotage of Lieutenants Rowe and Horton, Ninety-ninth New York Volunteers.

Many shots were fired by the enemy, but little damage was done to the steamers.

April 28, 19, and 30.-Skirmishing on the river between our gunboats and the enemy.

The following re-enforcement arrived during the month:

April 12.-Ninth New York Volunteers, assigned to Getty's division. April 14.-Nineteenth Wisconsin Volunteers, assigned to Getty's division (transferred April 28).

April 16 and 17.-Two brigades assigned to Abercrombie's division, consisting of eight regiments; one regiment transferred to General Corcoran' s division.

April 18.-One hundred and seventeenth New York Volunteers, assigned

---------------

* From Returns of Seventh Army Corps for April and May, 1863.

---------------

