
it abandoned by our troops. He found General Longstreet's pickets in the vicinity of Sandy Cross.

On the 21st the command was highly honored by a visit from Major-General Halleck, Commander-in-Chief, accompanied by Major-General Dix.

On the 22nd a heavy rain-storm commenced, suspending all fatigue labors, but adding materially to the strength of the swamp on the left flank.

On the 24th a demonstration was made upon the enemy's right flank, on the Edenton road, under General Corcoran and Colonels Foster and Spear, while a feint was made on the Somerton by Colonel Buehler. The enemy was driven in confusion from all his advance points and rifle-pits back upon his main line of defense behind the dam and swamp at Darden's Mill. A force estimated at about 1,500 was believed to be massed on that front. The object of the move was attained and the command withdraw. Colonels Beach, Drake, and Murphy had provisional brigades, and handled them extremely well;

Captain Simpson commanded the artillery.

On the 25th information was received of the arrival of heavy artillery from Petersburg. Troops were reported on this side of the Chowan, on the way from General Hill, under General Garnett.

On the 27th Major Stratton occupied Camden Court-House and burned a ferry-boat of the enemy's. Rebels were very active at night chopping, moving troops, and signaling. A new battery of three guns was opened by them below the Norfleet Battery. Chopping parties were broken up by the Redan and Mansfield Battery. The reoccupied the Hill's Point Battery in the night. The steamers Commerce and Swan, under the volunteer pilotage of Lieutenants Rowe and Horton, of the Ninety-ninth New York Volunteers, ran down past the batteries in the night, but now without many shot. There officers are entitled to much credit for this service.

On the 28th Suffolk was visited by a heavy storm. A rebel work for several guns was discovered on the river.

On the 29th the Honorable Secretary of State, W. H. Seward, paid a visit, in company with Major-General Dix, to this command.

On the 30th, early in the morning, the enemy opened with one Whitworth, one 30 and one 35 pounded Parrott. Toward night they opened fire upon the Commodore Barney, and the battery was silenced by the Barney (Lieutenant Cushing, U. S. Navy) and Captain Morris, battery in Fort Stevens.

May 1.-There was a sharp skirmish on General on General Terry's front about 5 p. m.* The enemy, re-enforced largely, was held in check from the guns of Nansemond, South Quay, and Rosecrans with considerable loss. Another brigade from North Carolina was reported to have joined Longstreet.

May. 3.-A reconnaissance in force was made by Generals Getty and Harland on the enemy's left flank. The troops crossed at 9 a. m., at the draw bridge, under the fire of Battery Mansfield, the Onondaga and the Smith Briggs, and seized the plateau near Pruden's house in spite of sharpshooters in the rifle-pits, orchards, and woods. The advance was slow, every inch being hotly contested. The movement resulted in bringing heavy re-enforcements for the enemy. His numbers and artillery failed to check the troops. By night the enemy was massed

---------------

* Return of the Seventh Army Corps, Department of Virginia, for the month of May, 1863, gives the loss this affair as follows: Four killed and 42 wounded, all of the Ninety-ninth New York Infantry.

---------------

