
on his strong line of intrenchments and under the fire of a numerous artillery. The purpose of the movement having been attained, the troops were directed to remain on the ground awaiting events.

in conjunction with the above, Major Crosby crossed the Nansemond near Sleepy Hole with the Twenty-first Connecticut, a section of the Fourth Wisconsin Battery, and eleven mounted rifles. At 4 a. m. pushed on and occupied Chuckatuck, driving out 300 rebel cavalry. He skirmished all the way to Reed's Ferry, capturing 16 prisoners, and then returned to the river under cover of the gunboats. At the same time Colonel Dutton crossed in boats and occupied Hill's Point with the Fourth Rhode Island, a portion of the One hundred and seventeenth New York, and a detachment from the Commodore Barney. he advanced some distance, but was met by a superior force posted strongly in the woods, and after much skirmishing returned upon Hill Point from which the enemy could dislodge him.

I again take pleasure in acknowledging the valuable services of Lieutenants Cushing Lamson, and Harris, U. S. Navy. These officers rendered every assistance in their power in crossing the river. Lieutenant Cushing sent a boat howitzer and detachment with the Fourth Rhode Island, under Colonel Dutton.

I regret to state that Colonel Ringold, of the One hundred and third New York, lost his life from two wounds while leading on his men in the most gallant manner. He was a meritorious officer.

May 4.-About 9 p. m. on the 3rd the enemy commended retiring upon the Blackwater. His strong line of pickets prevented deserters and contrabands from getting through with the information until he had several hours the start. Generals Corcoran and dodge were promptly in pursuit on the Edenton road while Colonel Foster followed upon the Somerton. By 6 a. m. Colonel Foster was pressing the rear of a formidable column on the old orad near Leesville. He was compelled, from the smallness of his force, to wait for the command under General Corcoran and could again strike the column before it reached the river. The cavalry of Colonels Spear and Onderdonk were pushed on numerous roads, and rendered valuable services in procuring information and capturing prisoners.

Thus ends the present investment or siege of Suffolk, which had for its object the recovery of the whole country south of the James extending to the Albemarle Sound in North Carolina, the ports of Norfolk and Portsmouth, 80 miles of new railroad iron, the equipments of two roads, and the capture of all the United States forces and property with some thousands of contrabands.

General Longstreet finding that an assault at the outside upon works defended by one-half his own force would be expensive and uncertain, and having failed in turning either flank, decided the place and asked for re-enforcements; probably not less than two divisions joined from General Hill. The works constructed are on the most extensive scale and in the approved manner.

The rules and regulations prescribed by military authorities for the conduct of siege operations have been observed. Some idea may be formed of this so-styled foraging expedition when I state that not less than 10 miles of batteries, covered-ways, and rifle-pits have been thrown up; most of the artillery was protected by embrasures; the parapets were from 12 to 15 feet in thickness and well revetted, while the covered ways were from 8 to 10 feet. Longstreet had a wire laid from the Blackwater, and telegraphed arrangements through his lines.

