
Captain Ludlow, quartermaster at Norfolk, deserves mention for his untiring efforts in forwarding the main bulk of supplies for the army. The medical department, under the able management of Dr. Hand was in excellent working order and equal to every emergency. The wounded were promptly cared for and spared all unnecessary suffering. The commissary department was admirably managed by the late captain Bowdish, and since his death by Captain Felt.

Colonel Murphy commanded brigade; Colonel Drake, fort Union:

Colonel Hawkins, Fort Nansemond; captain Sullivan, Fort Halleck Colonel Davis, the Draw-Bridge Battery; Colonel Worth, Battery Mansfield; Colonel Thorp, the Redan and Rosecrans; Captain Johnson, Battery Monday; Colonel England, Battery Montgomery; Colonel Pease, Battery Stevens, and Colonel McEvily, Fort Dix ability, and their troops were always ready for the enemy.

major Stratton, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, was at South Mills watching the operations of the troops from carolina. By his discretion and energy the rebels were prevented from penetrating the Dismal Swamp.

Captain Tamblyn, Lieutenants Seabury, Young, Thayer, Strong, and Murray, of the Signal Corps, have been indefatigable day and night and of the greatest service in their detachment. Captain Davis shares the above commendation for the few days he was here.

The conduct of Lieutenant-Colonel Nixon, Ninety-ninth New York; of Captain Morris, Lieutenants Hasbrouck, Hunt, Whitney, and Beecher, of the artillery; Lieutenants James, Grant, Macardle, Soederquist, and Burleson, on engineer duty; of Lieutenant Buttz, assistant provost marshal, and of Major Wetherill, was conspicuous. Major Stewart, of the Engineer Corps, joined for a few days, evincing the same lively interest which characterized his valuable services on the Peninsula.

The command is mainly indebted to the provost-marshal, Major Smith, of the One hundred and twelfth New York, for the good order and cleanliness which has prevailed in town and camp.

The co-operation of the gunboats, under Lieutenants Cushing, Lamson, and Harris, U. S. Navy, sent by Admiral Lee, has been very effective, and I take great pleasure in acknowledging the gallant services of their officers and crews. The army gunboats Smith Briggs and West End, commanded by Captain Lee and Lieutenant Rowe, proved invaluable. The Smith Briggs was for many days the only boat above the West Branch, in consequence of the order of Admiral Lee.

My personal staff have all earned a place in this record by this zeal, fidelity, and unremitting labors day and night, increased by injuries which I sustained from the fall of my horse. Their claims to promotion were established long before the siege of Suffolk. Major B. B. Foster, assistant adjutant-general; Captain George S. Dodge, quartermaster; Lieuts. Charles R. Stirling and James D. Outwater, aides-de-camp; Lieutenant A. B. Johnson, ordnance officer, and Lieutenant James D. Mahon, judge advocate.

Doubtless many names have been omitted, but discrimination is impossible where all have done so well.

For the conclusion is reserved the agreeable duty of testifying to the cordial and efficient support I have ever received from Major-General Dix. No request or suggestion has ever escaped his attention, and most of my requirements have been anticipated by his liberal and comprehensive policy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

Colonel D. T. VAN BUREN, A. A. G., Dept. of Va.

