
he was allowed entire freedom in the camps and sold his goods to officers and men on credit. He reported 28,000 to 30,000 in March in my general front and one hundred and nine regiments, of some 84,000 in the army of Lee. Then 28,000, with the forces of Hill from North Carolina represent generally the mass opposed to me. My effective force for some days was 14,928. I asked for one division only. For a few days I had about 29,000 effectives on a line from below Hill's Point, on the river, extending across to the Dismal Swamp of at least 15 miles in length, with a detachment of the same at South Mills, 30 miles distant, the key to the southern approaches of the swamp.

The campaign will be clear when it is stated that Hill was to make noisy and furious demonstrations in Carolina, for the purpose of inducing General Foster to call for troops from Virginia. Accordingly, Pettigrew appeared in the vicinity of New Berne and Hill attacked or cannonaded Washington.

Our casualties were 6 at New Berne, but I have failed to learn that any occupied at Washington. Ten thousand were asked for General Foster, and I was called upon to contribute from my 15,000 on the 10th April. Against my judgment I consented to send 3,000, and they were on the troops train. Longstreet was advised of this detachment in a few hours and advanced that very night. With your approval I brought back the 3,000 at duck, and very luckily our affairs in that quarter.

The operations about Suffolk, ending may 4, were suddenly eclipsed in the night of general gloom and painful anxiety which attended Hooker's great disaster at Chancellorsville. Attention was not again awakened upon that field, and the campaign has been imperfectly understood by the public.

I desire to thank you the liberal support sent me at Suffolk.

With sentiments of respect, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK.

Major-general HALLECK,

Commanding-in-Chief, Washington., D. C.

[Inclosure.]

From the Philadelphia Enquirer, April 24, 1863.

THE GALLANT CAMPAIGN AT SUFFOLK.

Having in our recent articles traced the progress of the war in the Southwest, in Tennessee, and in North Carolina, we follow them up this morning by a review of the short and exciting campaign about Suffolk. This campaign, in presence of some of the vast events of the war, appears to be nothing more than en episode, but in our judgment it is entitled to considerable prominence. It must be remembered that the militia authorities charged with the occupation of Norfolk established an important post at a considerable distance to the southwest of that city-at Suffolk, where the Petersburg and Norfolk Railroad intersects the Seaboard and Roanoke Railroad to Weldon, N. C. Suffolk is also at the head of navigation on the Nansemond River, which empties into the James River near its mouth. From this post the National troops were enabled to operate to a distance in the interior of the south side of Virginia, keeping the country comparatively clear of guerrillas, contraband traders, and spies, and thus more effectually guarding Norfolk.

