
howitzer; Captain Gregory to charge down the road with his road with his company, Captain Masten supporting him, the howitzer party having directions to advance at quick-time with the infantry, supported by a detail from our picket guard under Captain Poor commanding Company D. The road was found to have been barricaded no loss than eight times, but such was the rapidly of our movement that the outer sentry at the enemy's camp was captured.

Charging upon the right of the enemy they were found to be drawn up in line of battle in the woods, and the advance fell back to await the arrive of the remainder of the party, which on coming up was formed in an open field on the right of the road and in front of the enemy. Company D was them deployed as skirmishers on the of the woods to cover our right and a charge made upon the right of the enemy, which was met by galling fire and we were forced to fall back. At about the same moment the infantry rushed forward, cheering, and attacked their left, an by their rapid and effective fire, in conjunction with that of the howitzer opening on their right, forced them to fall back through their camp on the cross-roads leading just-miles to the Somerton road. At this point we charged again, driving the enemy some distance, but losing 2 men of Company D, whom (the enemy at length having received re-enforcements of infantry and artillery) we were forced to leave in their hands.

Having accomplished the object of the movement and destroyed the camp of the enemy we fell back leisurely, without annoyance, the enemy appearing to be too much crippled to attempt any offensive operations.

Our loss in the affair was 2 men wounded and prisoners from Company D, and 1 wounded; and 1 man wounded in the howitzer party, and 18 horses killed and wounded.

I have to acknowledge the efficient aid rendered me by Colonel McMahon and the infantry under his command, and to present to your notice Corporal McConnoll, who handled the howitzer in the most efficient manner.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. PATTON,

Major, First New York Mounted Rifles.

Brigadier General M. CORCORAN.

Numbers 8. Itinerary of the First Brigade, Brigadier General Henry D. Terry, U. S. Army, commanding, April 11-30.*

April 11, Saturday.-The enemy appeared before and invested Suffolk. The brigade immediately took position in the trenches and have remained there ever since.

April 17, Friday.-A reconnaissance was sent our, consisting of six companies of the One hundred and thirtieth New York Volunteers, two companies of the Ninety-ninth New York Volunteers, and one company of the New York State Sharpshooters, for the purpose of ascertaining the force of the enemy in front. They were found in force in rifle-pits with large reserves. The loss sustained was as follows: Killed, 2 privates

---------------

* From Return of Brigade for April, 1863.

---------------

