
of the Ninety-ninth New York Volunteers and 1 private of the One hundred and thirtieth new York Volunteers; wounded, 4 privates of the Ninety-ninth New York Volunteers, 5 privates of the One hundred

and thirtieth New Volunteers, and 1 private of the eight company New York State Sharpshooters.

Numbers 9. Reports of Colonel Robert S. Foster, Thirteenth Indiana Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FOSTER'S BRIGADE,Suffolk, Va., May 9, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In pursuance of circular from you headquarters I have the honor of submitting the following report of the part taken by my command during the twenty-three days of the investment of Suffolk:

Upon receiving information of Saturday, April 11, of the approach of the enemy I immediately visited my command and found they occupying their respective positions previously assigned. Every arrangement was made to secure as strong a defense as possible. No evidence of the enemy's appearance on my front until Sunday.

On Monday, the 13th, the picket on the Somerton road were driven in by a force of infantry and cavalry, the pickets maintaining their ground as long as possible. The enemy opened on us with artillery, and immediately the guns from Forts Union, Nansemond, and McClellan responded and silenced their guns. At 3.30 p. m. I sent our a party of skirmishers, accompanying them myself, consisting of details from the Thirteenth Indiana, One hundred and twelfth New York Volunteers and One hundred and sixty-fifth and One hundred and sixty-sixth Pennsylvania Militia. They advanced rapidly and drove the enemy's skirmishers back to their reserve at Brother's house, on the Somerton road. I then established my ole picket line, extending from the right of Fort Union to Fort Nansemond, and have maintained said line throughout the siege.

To much praise cannot be given to the detachments from the above-mentioned regiment in their skirmishing on that day. At the earnest solicitations of Colonel Spear, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, I sent out two pieces of the Fourth Wisconsin Battery, under Captain Vallee, supported by one company of the One hundred and sixty-fifth Pennsylvania Militia. After having fired a few rounds I recalled them. In the morning I ordered the houses on the Somerton road near the reserve picket station burned, which was accomplished. The enemy used the white house of brothers as a shelter, and I was to destroy it if possible. To this end I dispatched on several occasions a party of skirmishers to effect this object, but the overpowering force of the enemy prevented.

On Wednesday Colonel Spear (with orders from General Corcoran) took command of a small party, consisting of two companies of the One hundred and sixty-fifth Pennsylvania Militia, two companies of the One hundred and sixty-sixth Pennsylvania Militia, two pieces of the seventh Massachusetts Battery, one company of his own regiment, with guns, and three companies of cavalry, and made an attempt to charge their rifle-pits at Brother's hope, but without success.

On Thursday, April 16, a party of skirmishers, under Lieutenants

