
Numbers 10. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John McConihe, One hundred and sixty-ninth New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 169TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Camp Griswold, Suffolk, Va., May 8, 1863.

ADJUTANT: In pursuance of your circular, dated May 7, requiring commanders of regiments to prepare and send in an official report of the part taken by their respective commanders ion the scenes of the past-three days, I beg leave to report that the One hundred and sixty-ninth Regiment New York State Volunteers left Martindale Barracks, Washington, D. C., on the morning of April 15, will orders to go to Norfolk, reporting en route at Fort Monroe. We were transported by the steamer John Warner to Norfolk, Va., arriving there on the 16th instant. The same day we were transported by rail to suffolk, va., arriving there late in the night, and on the morning of April 17 we were, by order of General Peck, attached to Acting Brigadier-General Foster's brigade, and occupied a camp near the breastworks on the Somerton road. From this date up to April 24 we continued to furnish fatigue parties to work on the fortifications.

On April 24 the regiment was placed in the Second Provisional Brigade, Colonel J. C. Drake commanding, and moved out on the Edenton road with the other forces, and took part in the reconnaissance in force made by General Corcoran on that occasion. The regiment was placed fan in advance of all others in support of Captain Follett's battery (D, Fourth U. S. Artillery), and unflinchingly faced a continuous and unabating shower of shell, grape, and canister from the well-directed fire of the enemy until orders were received to retire, the object of the reconnaissance having been accomplished. The colonel (Clarence Buell) was severely wounded by a piece of shell, and Lieutenant Hughes, of Company A, was badly injured in the leg by a shell; E. H. Brock, of Company H, was instantly killed, the back and top of his head being carried away by a shell; Major Alden;'s horse was wounded in the neck by a shell and the major bruised; Corporal Noyes, Privates Falen, Fogarty, and Kennely were wounded.

On April 28 Captain Vaughn, of Company F, was detailed for the purpose of making a reconnaissance through the Jericho Canal, which expedition was eminently successful, being made through an overflowed swamp, almost impenetrable on account of the depth of the water and the nature of the vines, brush, and timber, and at a time when the rain fell unceasingly for the two days (the 28th and 29th) that the said company was absent.

On May 3 the regiment stood under arms on Main street during the day being ordered to act as a reserve in conjunction with the Thirteenth Indiana Regiment, under Colonel Dobbs, to a force which crossed the Nansemond at the foot of said street, and attacked the enemy on the Providence Church road. During the right the regiment occupied Fort Peck and the rifle-pits on the left of said fort at the foot of Main street.

Monday, the 4th, the regiment returned to camp, and has been engaged in doing picket duty and furnishing fatigue parties.

I am, very respectfully,

JOHN McCONIHE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant S. E. MARVIN, A. A. A. G., General Foster's Brigade, Suffolk, Va.

