
in building intrenchments, digging and slashing, cutting to give full range to the guns, &amp;c.

April 23.-The Tenth new Jersey was assigned to this Legion, when the One hundred and fifty-fifth returned to camp in reserve and the Tenth New Jersey took its place between the One hundred and sixty-fourth and One hundred and seventieth Regiments.

April 24.-The brigade accompanied General Corcoran on the grand reconnaissance in force of that date. Marching from Fort Dix down the Edenton road, double column closed in mass, it brought up the rear of the column and marched with it until halted in a large field on the right, and formed line of battle to the right, while the artillery, cavalry and skirmishers in front carried on the affair. Only one regiment was marched from this line (the One hundred and sixty-fourth, Colonel McMahon) previous to halting and forming line; it was sent to the front, under orders of General Corcoran, to support a line of skirmishers. In this regiment occurred our only loss. While occupying the enemy's rifle-pits 15 men wounded (1 mortally) and all borne off the field when the order was given to fall back. The remaining regiments did not engage the enemy, and consequently lost none. The column started from Fort Dix at about 2 p. m. and returned about 6 p. m. From this date until May 3 none of the regiments were engaged on other than fatigue, picket, &c.

may 3.-The One hundred and seventieth Regiment accompanied General Getty on his reconnaissance in force across the Nansemond River, on the Smithfield road. An account of the proceedings in May will be deferred to the report of that month.

Numbers 12. Reports of Colonel William McEvily, One hundred and fifty-fifth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. 155TH Regiment N. Y. STATE VOLS.,CORCORAN LEGION, 1ST DIV., 7TH ARMY CORPS,

Suffolk, Va., May 11, 1863.

In compliance with orders received I here forward, for the information of the brigadier-general commanding southeast front during the time of the investment of Suffolk by the enemy, a detailed account of the operations of the One hundred and fifty-fifth Regiment New York Volunteers, under my command:

An alarm from the apprehended approach of the rebel in force commenced in the afternoon of April 11, and five companies of the regiment were sent to man the breastworks and four ordered to garrison Fort Dix.

From April 11 to 19 the regiment remained doing on the line of breastworks, on which latter date all but three companies return to camp, where an order was received to be in readiness for an advance against the enemy, but this order was not carried into effect as anticipated.

On the morning of April 14 Company I, with detachments from other regiments under the command of Colonel J. P. McMahon, One hundred and sixty-fourth Regiment new York Volunteers, had a skirmish with the enemy, and behaved with great gallantry, coolness, and determination, driving the rebel forces, through superior in number, back on their line of intrenchments. Captain McAnally and Privates Michael Dennison,

