
John Glennon, John Gallivan, and John Leary were wounded in this fight.

One the 21st the regiment was ordered out for a reconnaissance, and proceeded as far as the breastworks, where it remained from 10 a. m. to 1.30 p. m., when the order was countermanded, and the regiment, after relieving the companies them in Fort Dix, with others returned to camp.

Nothing of importance transpired until April 24, when the regiment prepared to move to Fort Halleck, according to an order received the day previous, but did not go on account of a second order countermanding it and requiring the regiment to at once get ready to go on a reconnaissance, which it did, starting at 2 p. m. and returning at 6 p. m., having marched out about 3 miles on the Edenton road. No casualties occurred, the regiment not being called into action. The regiment remained in camp till the 26th, on which day Colonel McEvily received an order from Brigadier-General Dodge charging him with the defense of Fort Dix and the battery adjoining.

Until May 2 nothing momentous occurred. At 10 o'clock in the evening of that day the long roll was beat, and the regiment marched up to Fort Dix, where, under command of General Corcoran, it went out on the Edenton road and re-established out pickets that had been driven in, went close to the enemy's lines and then returned, arriving in camp at 2 a. m.

At 3.45 o'clock, on May 4 the regiment, with other troops, started out in pursuit of the enemy, who were retreating, marching past their fortifications on the Edenton road and turning off on the Somerton road, and was ordered to halt and hold the cross-roads known as Holland's Corners; the remainder of the force, the One hundred and sixty-fourth New York Volunteers, Sixty-ninth New York National Guard, and Company A, Thirteenth Indiana, together with a number of other regiments, went ahead in pursuit. Quite a number of prisoners here gave themselves up into hands, and many were captured and sent back by force ahead. Toward evening all the troops returned to the Corners, and reported the enemy across the Blackwater River, since which the usual routine of regimental and garrison duties have been resumed.

During the period of the investment of Suffolk by the enemy, unfortunately no opportunity occurred for the regiment to distinguish itself, although both officers and men showed by their cheerful discharge of every duty their willingness and anxiety to render every possible aid toward the discomfiture of the enemy.

I am, lieutenant, respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM McEVILY,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. T. Connelly, Actin Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 13. Itinerary of the reserve Brigade, Colonel david W. Wardrop, Ninety-ninth New York Infantry, commanding, April 24-May 1.*

This brigade was formed and Colonel Wardrop assigned to the command by Special Orders, Numbers 106, dated April 24, 1863, from Headquarters,

---------------

* From Returns of the Reserve Brigade, Seventh Army Corps, for the months of April and May, 1863.

---------------

