
Suffolk, Va., Major-General Peck commanding. It them consisted of the Ninth Vermont Volunteers, Nineteenth Wisconsin Volunteers, Ninety-ninth New York Volunteers, One hundred and eighteenth New York Volunteers, and the One hundred and fifty-second New York Volunteers. By Special Orders, No., 109, dated April 26, 1863, from Headquarters was detached from the brigade and attached to General Terry's brigade. During the siege of Suffolk all the regiment have been actively employed in manning the rifle-pits and strengthening the fortifications and other duties of the defense. The following have been wounded by sharpshooters during the month, but before the formation of the brigade:

April 23.-Captain John E. White, commanding Company G, Ninety-ninth New York Volunteers; third and arm, slightly.

April 24.-James Wilson, M. D., surgeon Ninety-ninth New York Volunteers.; chest, slightly.

May 1. -At the beginning of the month the various regiments composing the brigade were posted in different parts of the defenses, under the immediate orders of the commanders of the several on which they were stationed.

Of the afternoon of the 1st the Ninety-ninth New York Volunteers, then under orders of Brigadier-General Terry, was sent out to reconnoiter the enemy's rifle-pits. The enemy was found in strong force and the regiment was obliged to retire. Loss, 13 killed (or died of wounds) and 31 wounded. Two officers, Captain James H., Hart and Captain Charles E. Cartwright, were wounded; both slightly.

Numbers 14. Report of Brigadier General Charles C. Dodge, U. S. Army, commanding Southeast Front.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHEAST FRONT, FORT DIX,Suffolk, Va., May 7, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with circular just received I have the honor to submit the following report of operations upon this (southeast) front extending from Forts Union Halleck, inclusive, since Saturday, April 11, when I first assumed command:

As at that time the enemy were already in our immediate front and the general disposition of our force complete, it only remained for me to carry out the orders received from Brigadier-General Corcoran, commanding front defenses, to watch closely, and, if advisable, counteract any movement of the enemy; to make every preparation in my power for the defense of my line; to keep troops constantly on the alert and ready for immediate service; to finish as rapidly as possible the various then in process of erection, of which thereafter might be decided upon, including a large amount of slashing, &amp;c. These orders were diligently complied with.

It seeming advisable to ascertain the force and intentions of the enemy upon this immediate front, a detachment, under command of Colonel Mcmahon, One hundred and sixty-fourth Regiment new York Volunteers, and consisting of three companies of infantry, a squadron of cavalry (the First York Mounted Rifles), and a mountain howitzer,

