
Holland's Corners, Carrsville, Deserted House, &amp;c. and succeeded in bringing in some 40 or 50 prisoners. The entire column was then returned to Suffolk and the troops resumed the usual regimental and general duties.

During the time that I have been in command of this party of General Corcoran's front occasional but immaterial changes have occurred in the troops and their dispositions.

I have but few casualties to report, a list of which has been forwarded. Much arduous labor has been accomplished, which can but prove satisfactory to the general commanding.

I am happy to say in conclusion that with scarce an exception officers and men, under every circumstances of exposure, fatigue, and danger, have exhibited such cheerful endurance, earnest faithfulness, and eager desire to meet the enemy as must always insure them success, while it merits the admiration and gratitude of the commanding generals.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES C. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

Captain J. J. BLODGETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 15. Report to Brigadier General George W. Getty, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, Ninth Army Corps.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,Suffolk, Va., May 12, 1862.

SIR: On April 11, the alarm of the enemy's approach being given, in compliance with the orders of the major-general commanding, the troops of this division were called out under arms. The pickets along the northeastern front were strengthened; two companies of the Tenth New Hampshire were placed in Fort Halleck, where they remained until May 10; the troops under Colonel Dutton engaged in fortifying the river; the Twenty-first Connecticut and five companies of the thirteenth New Hampshire at Fort Connecticut; the Fourth Rhode Island, One hundred and third New York, and the remainder of the Thirteenth New Hampshire at Fort Stevens were called in. Three companies, however, of the Thirteenth New Hampshire were ordered to remain at Fort Connecticut, with orders to observe the river, resist any attempt of the enemy to cross until the last moment, and then to fall back to Suffolk over the corduroy bridge across Broer's Creek, taking up the bridge. The troops remainder under arms and on the alert during the night. The Second Brigade strengthened the south front between Forts Union and McClellan, and remainder in this position until April 28, which the exception of the Eighth Connecticut Volunteers, which, on the 14th, was ordered to the river front, where it has since remained.

On the 18th General Harland was assigned to the command of the front from Fort Halleck to Battery Onondaga, and on the 28th the Eleventh and Fifteenth Regiments Connecticut Volunteers, and on the 29th the Sixteenth Connecticut Volunteers, reported to him.

On the 12th Colonel A. H. Dutton, commanding the Third Brigade, was placed in command of the line of defenses included between Forts Jericho and Halleck, and at once set to work throwing up rifle-pits

