
and fortifying his position. Under Colonel Dutton's supervision the front between Fort Halleck and Battery Onondaga was very materially strengthened. Rifle-pits were thrown up, covering all the approaches by the Portsmouth road, and a second line on the west bank of Jericho Creek and Fort Dutton, on the left of Fort Jericho, was thrown up. He was relieved on April 18 by Brigadier-General Harland and assigned to the command of the river defenses between the mouth of Jericho Creek and Dr. Council's. The Eighty-ninth Regiment New York Volunteers was placed in Fort Montgomery, where it remained until May 6 with the exception of temporary absences.

On the 13th the Fourth Regiment Rhode Island Volunteers was ordered to report to Brigadier-General Corcoran and was stationed by him behind the breastworks on the left of Fort Union. It occupied this position until May 1, when it was relieved by the Ninth Vermont and placed on the line of river defenses near Fort Connecticut, where it now is. The One hundred and third New York was stationed on the 13th instant behind the breastworks to the left of Fort Union, a position which it held until May 6. The Ninth Regiment New York Volunteers was placed in Fort Nansemond, where it remainder until relieved and sent North on May 3.

it is my painful duty in this connection to animadvert upon the course pursued by the Ninth Regiment New York Volunteers, who for the first time in their military history turned their backs upon the enemy, and, deaf to the appeals of the commander of the department, persisted in returning home, when every consideration of patriotism, honor, and pride called upon them to remain and share the dangers of battle with their comrades in the field. Most deeply do I regret that a regiment whose career since they entered the service two years ago has been most brilliant should at the close sully their glorious reputation by such an act; but it is due to truth to say that in my opinion the fault lies chiefly with the officers, and most of all with the commanding officer, whose whole course in this affair seems to have been actuated by personal pique and caprice.

On April 14, reconnoitering along the river, I discovered a battery of the enemy at Norfleet's farm, which in an engagement that morning with our gunboats had disabled the Mount Washington and repulsed the remainder. I found that this battery mounted four guns - two 20-pounder Parrotts and two brass 12-pounders; that it commanded completely a point directly opposite and extending out some distance from this side, and that a large party of the enemy was at work strengthening the battery and throwing up additional works and rifle-pits. I immediately sent for guns and troops, negroes and tools, which arrived in the course of the afternoon.

During the night I filled the point with sharpshooters to dispute the passage of the enemy in case he attempted to cross, and posted the Tenth New Hampshire and a section of artillery to check his farther advance in case he succeeded in driving our sharpshooters and effecting a lodgment on the point. Their position was strengthened with rifle-pits during the night. Two positions were selected for batteries, one near the base of and a little to the right of the point, since named Battery Kimball, distant some 1,200 yards from the enemy's battery, the other on the left side of the point, at the mouth of Broer's Creek, distant 900 yards from the enemy's battery, and since named Battery Morris.

The works were pushed vigorously during the night. Battery Morris, constructed by Captain Beger, Second Wisconsin Battery, who with three guns of his battery (10-pounder Parrotts), had been sent to

