
Brigade, General E. Harland, from Fort Halleck to the mouth of Jericho Canal; the Third Brigade, Colonel A. H. Dutton, on the river, from the mouth of Jericho Creek to Battery Stevens; the First Brigade, Colonel H. S. Fairchild, in reserve along the line of Suffolk County road from Jericho Canal to Calhoun's; the artillery in the batteries along the river.

The amount of work performed by troops on this line, taken in connection with the great amount of picket duty necessitated by the extent of the line and the incessant watchfulness imposed by the presence of the daring and enterprising enemy in great force, is astounding. On the front, from Fort Halleck to Battery Onondaga, there have been thrown up 3,434 yards of rifle-pits and 308 yards of parapet, 7 feet high and 7 feet in thickness on top. On the river line, 4,398 yards of rifle-pits, 1,944 feet of parapet, with an average height of 8 feet and thickness of something over 10 feet on top, were constructed. In addition to which some 10 miles of entirely new roads, including several bridges over impassable creeks and marshes and miles of corduroying, were made. Much of the work was done under the fire of the enemy's sharpshooters, who proved exceedingly annoying during the whole course of the siege. These results could not have been obtained had I not had the efficient support of Colonels Dutton and Pease, commanding the upper and lower defenses respectively, and their officers and men. Both of these officers worked day and night.

Colonel Dutton, in addition to his duties as a commanding officer, was also obliged to assume those of an engineer, and personally laid out and constructed many of the most important works on this line.

Lieutenant Murray, of Battery A, Fifth U. S. Artillery, was also of great service in constructing works. Fort Lamson and a battery next below Dr. Council's was laid out by him.

The services of Colonel Derrom, in constructing roads and bridges, were of the utmost value. Without the bridge constructed by him across Broer's Creek it is doubtful whether the line of the river could have been held with the small force at my disposal.

Colonel Stevens, also, of the Thirteenth New Hampshire, is deserving of credit. Both Colonels Stevens and Derrom displayed zeal, judgment, and courage on the 3rd instant.

The whole department of the troops was excellent; with a single exception there was no complaint. Every order was obeyed with the utmost cheerfulness, and the same men who cam off picket duty in the morning went on fatigue duty at night without a murmur.

The artillery is especially deserving of great credit. Captain Morris, Ninth New York Volunteers, with a battery of 20-pounder Parrotts, with the assistance of three 10-pounder Parrotts of Captain Beger's battery, silenced most effectually the enemy's battery at Norfleet's, and afterward rendered good service in silencing his batteries at Le Compte's.

The services of the signal officers, Lieutenants Thayer and Murray, were great, and rendered always cheerfully and promptly.

I cannot close this report without acknowledging the important services rendered by the naval forces co-operating in the river, a tribute which they have richly merited. Lieutenants Cushing and Lamson and the officers and men of their commands have shown that in their country's service they know no fear, and that the old breed of naval heroes is not extinct; but to Lieutenant Lamson in particular, whose gallantry exhibited in his engagements at Norfleet's and at Hill's Point has been fully equaled by the willingness and desire he has shown on all occasions to co-operate with the land forces and to do everything

