
for the good of the service, my thanks are due. But in acknowledging the services of meritorious officers I must no omit those of my own staff. To their services I am myself a witness, and with great pleasure am I able to state that in every emergency they have responded to the call made upon them with alacrity and willingness. Captain Gardner, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant McKechnie and Faxon, aides-de-camp; Dr. Humphreys, medical director, and Lieutenant Herbert, ordnance officer, did their whole duty, and in this is comprised everything.

Captain Hazard Stevens, assistant adjutant-general, whose distinguished services and conduct have been acknowledged in previous reports, was particularly conspicuous throughout the operations above recited. On all occasions, whether in the discharge of his legitimate duties in the trenches, reconnoitering, or on the field under the enemy's fire, he evinced an earnestness and devotion worthy of emulation and deserving the highest praise.

I append lists* of officers and men of the Eighty-ninth New York and Eighth Connecticut Volunteers, who participated on the storming of the enemy's battery at Hill's Point; also reports of brigade, battery, and regimental commanders. Lists of casualties already transmitted.+

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. GETTY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Major B. B. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Suffolk, Va.

Numbers 16. Report of Colonel Harrison S. Fairchild, Eighty-ninth New York Infantry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS,Near Suffolk, Va., May 7, 1863.

SIR: In compliance to circular orders from Headquarters, Third Division, dated May 5, 1863, I have the honor to submit the following report:

On the evening of April 11, by your orders, I sent two companies of the Tenth New Hampshire to Fort Halleck, and on the morning of the 12th remaining eight companies of this regiment were sent to relieve the Eighty-ninth Regiment ordered to Fort Montgomery.

On the 13th the Tenth New Hampshire Volunteers was relieved by the Thirteenth New Hampshire Volunteers, and returned to camp. On the afternoon of April 13 the One hundred and third Regiment New York Volunteers was sent to the front, on the right of Fort Union, and the Ninth New York Volunteers was held in reserve between Forts Union and McClellan until evening and then sent to Fort Nansemond. On the same afternoon the eight companies of the Tenth New Hampshire Volunteers were sent to the Nansemond River, below Jericho Canal, near the small-pox hospital. This disposition of the regiments

---------------

*Not found.

+Embodied in revised statement, p. 286.

---------------

