
of the brigade, and subsequently placed under different commanders other than the brigade commander, remained so until April 23, when Colonel R. C. Hawkins assumed command of this brigade by Special Orders, Numbers 100, dated Headquarters Third Division, April 23, 1863.

On Saturday, May 2, by Special Orders, Numbers 109, dated Headquarters Third Division, May 2, 1863, I again assumed command of the brigade, but having no command assigned me on the front with any portion of the brigade, consequently not being in a position personally to observe the actions of the several regiments, I can only submit reports of the regimental commanders, giving an account of their operations, and a list of casualties in each regiment, which are herewith inclosed.*

General, I have the honor to be, yours, very respectfully,

H. S. FAIRCHILD,

Colonel, Commanding.

General GEORGE W. GETTY,

Commanding Third Division, Ninth Army Corps.

Numbers 17. Reports of Colonel William R. Pease, One hundred and seventeenth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. ONE HUNDRED AND SEVENTEENTH N. Y. VOLS.,Calhoun's Point, Va., April 19, 1863-11.30 a. m.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report about 10.15 a. m. to-day a new rebel battery, opposite Stevens' battery at this Point, opened fire on the gunboat below here. They fired two or three shots before the boat replied. The boats from above moved down to a point opposite this camp and opened fire. Stevens' battery opened as soon as possible and very satisfactorily. A new battery of the enemy, heretofore unknown to us, below the old battery, opened the fire, and we believe that it has been pretty effectually silenced. I filled the rifle-pits, dug last night, with sharpshooters, and a brisk fire has been kept up on their sharpshooters. The enemy have not replied to the fire of the battery on this Point. They have not fired for the last forty minutes. The gunboats are firing occasionally. All is well. No casualties known.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

W. R. PEASE.

General GETTY,

Commanding Third Division.
HEADQUARTERS,Calhoun's Point, Va., April 12, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that at 6 o'clock p. m. yesterday I received an order from the commanding general to hold the One hundred and seventeenth New York Volunteers and a section of the Fourth Wisconsin Battery in readiness to march to the landing at Dr. Council's house and embark for Hill's Point in case the party sent against the enemy's work at that place were successful. The place was

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 286.

---------------

