
Major Garrard immediately ordered me to call in all my vedettes, which I immediately did.

One of the vedettes lost his revolving rifle in falling back; the strap broke and in the dark could not find it.

The men behaved well in every instance. Lieutenant Ebbs saw three regimental colors and three cannons drawn by mules, and four guidons.

I have the honor, colonel, to be, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

JNO. F. MOSCHELL,

Captain, Third York Cavalry, Commanding Outpost.

Colonel JOHN MIX,

Commanding Third New York Cavalry.

NOVEMBER 12-14, 1862.- Operations about Suffolk, Va., inducing skirmishes (12th) at Providence Church and (14th) at Blackwater Bridge and Zuni, Va.

Report of Major General John J. Peck, U. S. Army, commanding at Suffolk.

SUFFOLK, November 14, 1862.

About 11 o'clock p. m. on the 12th Colonel Claiborne, with 300 men, attacked our picket of New York Mounted Rifles at Providence Church, and was repulsed, retiring to the Blackwater. Colonel Dodge was sent out to reconnoiter, and reached Windsor about midnight. At dawn he moved for Blackwater Bridge; had a brisk skirmish; drove their guard over; crossed a few men; captured three complete, canteens, camp kettles, two muskets, and all the camp equipage of the guard of 30 men. Strong breastworks were discovered a short distance back from the ford. He then moved up to Joyner's Ford, which was barricaded; Next to Zuni, where a strong guard offered much resistance. After bringing up his howitzers they fell back. They have strong rifle-pits there, from which they kept up a sharp fire upon our dismounted skirmishers. All their cooking utensils, seven rifles, cartridge-boxes, a sword, and many other things, with two of the guard, fell into our hands. The loss of the enemy was much greater than ours, which is 5 wounded.

These affairs are very handsome, and follow close upon the two late ones near Zuni and Franklin.

I trust these operations will meet your approval.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

Major-General DIX,

Commanding Department of Virginia.

