
ferent regiments in this brigade from April 11 to April 30, and reports of the commanders of the Eleventh, Fifteenth, and Sixteenth Regiments of the part taken by their respective regiments in the reconnaissance of the 3rd instant. Lists of casualties have already been forwarded.*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HARLAND,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CHARLES T. GARDNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 19. Report of Colonel John E. Ward, Eighth Connecticut Infantry, of the capture of Battery Huger, April 19.
HDQRS. EIGHTH REGIMENT CONNECTICUT VOLS.,Suffolk, Va., May 6, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiments in the capture of the rebel battery at Fort Huger, April 19, 1863.

On the afternoon of April 19, in accordance with orders from General Getty, I marched from my bivouac with six companies (130 men) of my regiment and embarked on the gunboat Stepping Stones, in company with Lieutenant-Colonel England and about 150 men of the Eighty-ninth New York Volunteers. We were landed at Hill's Point, in the rear of Fort Huger, a little before sunset, immediately charged upon the works, and after a very short struggle captured the fort, with five pieces of artillery, a large quantity of ammunition, and about 130 prisoners, including 7 officers. Having taken possession we immediately proceeded to place the capture guns in position to resist any attempt of the enemy to retake the Point, and commenced intrenching ourselves as well as possible with the means at our disposal.

Re-enforcements, including the other four companies of my regiment, soon arrived, and all were employed during the night in constructing rifle-pits, removing ammunition from the fort, and performing picket duty. At about 10 o'clock our pickets stationed a short distance outside the fort were attacked and driven in, but were immediately reported and held their position until the regiment was relieved at noon the following day.

The loss of my regiments in this affair was 1 killed, 4 severely wounded, and several others very slightly injured. A list* of the names of the killed and wounded is forwarded herewith.

Very respectfully, yours,

J. EDWARD WARD,

Colonel Eighth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers.

Brigadier General J. D. WILLIAMS,

Adjutant-General State of Connecticut.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 287.

---------------

