
Numbers 20. Reports of Colonel Griffin A. Stedman, Jr., Eleventh Connecticut Infantry.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS,May 3, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the Eleventh Regiment Connecticut Volunteers crossed the Nansemond River at the draw-bridge this morning, being part of the Second Brigade, Third Division. About midday it was ordered to the front to support the Thirteenth New Hampshire Volunteers, which was skirmishing on the left of the new Providence Church road. By order of Colonel Stevens, in charge of the troops in that place, the regiment was deployed and became a part of the line of skirmishers. After advancing some distance into the woods (50 rods) the line halted, by command of Brigadier-General Harland. During this time the line was within 20 yards of the enemy and exchanged shots constantly.

Casualties: Captain Randall H. Rice, Company A, wounded in leg and in the arm; both wounds serious. Private John Bracken, Company F, wounded in the abdomen; Private Samuel Bassett, Company A, wounded in the knee; and Private Auguste Didier, Company I, missing; he was sent forward and did not return; supposed to have been shot or captured. The regiment marched with 220 enlisted men and 20 officers, and returned to camp without a straggler.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GRIFFIN A. STEDMAN, JR.,

Colonel Eleventh Connecticut Volunteers.

Lieutenant H. P. GATES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS,Suffolk, Va., May 5, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 78, dated Headquarters Second Brigade, Third Division, Ninth Army Corps, May 1, 1863, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment from April 11 to April 30:

At the time of the alarm the regiment was ordered under arms and remained so until the evening of April 12, when the men were allowed to go their quarters for the night.

On the morning of the 13th it was ordered to the parapet, on Foster's front, between Forts Union and McClellan.

On April 24 it composed a part of a reconnoitering force on the Edenton road, under Brigadier-General Corcoran. During this reconnaissance the regiment was deployed as skirmishers. Casualties were 1 man killed and 1 wounded.

On the 28th ultimo was relived from duty on Foster's front and received orders to report to Brigadier-General Harland, on the river front, where it still remains.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GRIFFIN A. STEDMAN, JR.,

Colonel Eleventh Connecticut Volunteers.

Lieutenant H. P. GATES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

