
NOVEMBER 16, 1862.- Skirmish at Gloucester Point, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General Henry M. Naglee, U. S. Army, commanding at Yorktown.

Numbers 2.- Colonel William W. H. Davis, One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Henry M. Naglee, U. S. Army, commanding at Yorktown.
HEADQUARTERS,Yorktown, Va., November 16, 1862.

COLONEL: I would respectfully report that at 4 o'clock this morning a dash was made upon the picket line at Gloucester Point, and 1 man of the One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers was killed, 3 were wounded, and 3 made prisoners.

The picket was an advanced one of 12 persons, made by Colonel Davis, beyond supporting distance from the main picket line, within the last four days, and without my knowledge; and that, the enemy were lurking upon the road, no proper order was given to support the advance picket or to withdraw it.

This attack was made after Captain Hall had gone over the same road at midnight, as reported to you by this mail, and nothing was sen or known by either of the movements of the other.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.

HENRY M. NAGLEE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel D. T. VAN BUREN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fortress Monroe, Va.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel William W. H. Davis, One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS,Gloucester Point, Va., November 16, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that last night about 11 o'clock I received information through a contraband that a force of rebel cavalry, said to be 600 strong, was on the road to Gloucester, 2 miles in front of my picket lines. I immediately sent two companies to strengthen the pickets, and wrote a note to Major Hall, who with his force was still within the lines, giving the information to him. He had left, however, before my messenger reached his camp, and did not get the information which might have proved valuable to him.

Things remained quiet until about 4 o'clock this morning, when a picket stationed on the Gloucester road discovered a party of cavalry approaching them. When challenged they answered, first, "Federals," and then "One hundred and seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry," and immediately poured two volleys into the pickets drawn up in the road. Our loss is 1 killed, 3 wounded, and 3 missing. It is not known whether any loss was

