
counted the number of shots per minutes. In no instance did they exceed thirteen to the minutes; the average, I think, was about eight. Of the thirteen shots that could have been fired at a command charging across the field after night it is not likely that more than four could have taken effect, and those ought not to be expected to destroy more than 2 men per shot. So I think it reasonable to conclude that the fort and battery could have been recaptured with the loss of 75 men. Many of the officers were of limited experience, however, and I have no doubt acted as they thought best. I do not know that any of them deserve particular censure. This lesson, it is hoped, will be of service to us all. The command at the fort seems to have been completely surprised, and is probably less excusable than other parties in the affair.

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure A.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FRENCH'S COMMAND, Numbers 3. April 17, 1863.

I. Brigadier General J. R. Davis will detail three companies of the Fifty-fifth North Carolina Troops, Colonel J. K. Connally, to proceed immediately to Norfleet's house, on the Reed's Ferry road, to report to Major L. M. Shumaker for duty in guarding the batteries located in that vicinity. One day's rations will be taken. The remainder of the regiment will march to the same place to-morrow morning for permanent duty on the river.

* * * * *

By command of Major General S. G. French:

GRAHAM DAVES,Assistant Adjutant-General.

General J. R. DAVIS, Commanding, &amp;c.

[Inclosure B.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FRENCH'S COMMAND, Numbers 7. April 18, 1863.

I. Colonel J. K. Connally, commanding Fifty-fifth North Carolina Troops, will detail two companies from his regiment for picket duty to-night, one to take post near the fish-house (le Compte's) to prevent a landing by the enemy. In case a landing should be attempted, the boats will be permitted to reach the shore before being fired upon. This company will furnish a picket force of 4 men (in charge of a corporal) to take position on the Reed's Ferry road half a mile below Le Compte's house. Prompt information will be given of an advance of the enemy in force, but care will be taken not to give false alarms. The second company will take post near the battery now erecting (Smoot's). This company will furnish a party to assist in loading the wagons with forage and provisions from Riddick's farm. In case of attack Colonel Connally will hold his regiment in readiness to support the artillery and will maintain his position until the last.

* * * * *

By command of Major General S. G. French:

GRAHAM DAVES,Assistant Adjutant-General.

