
[Inclosure E.]

APRIL 19, 1863.

Major SHUMAKER:

I will have this matter of forage attended to. I hope you may succeed in sinking those infernal gunboats that have shown no consideration for women or children. If you cripple one and can use the field batteries against her do so. I felt too ill from the medicine I took to come down this morning. Keep me advised.

Yours, truly,

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General.

[Inclosure F.]
HEADQUARTERS, April 19, 1863.

Major SHUMAKER:

Let me know what the result of the heavy cannonade now going on. Show this to Colonel Connally and have him post his regiment to repel any landing of infantry against the batteries. They had better move down near the battery of Stribling. The countersign is "Morgan" for to-night.

Yours, truly,S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General.

[Inclosure G.]

MOORE'S HOUSE, April 19, 1863.

CAPTAIN: Let me know the result of the enemy's fire to-day. We have information that the boat you disabled day before yesterday has been towed down the river, sunk about to her gunwales. Citizens from the other side of the river saw her. She will not trouble you again soon. I go up to headquarters to-night and wish to take a report to the general.

L. M. SHUMAKER,

Major and Chief of Artillery.

[Inclosure H.]

BATTERY AT HILL'S POINT, VA.,

April 19, 1863.

MAJOR: The enemy has shelled us steadily for about three hours from gunboats lying up the river. There are four of them, and from their movements I think they are preparing to run down at least one of them. The lower boats have been otherwise occupied. There are no casualties, and we will be prepared to give them a warm reception should any attempt to run down. Our embrasures are now widened, so that we will be able to give the boat three shots from each gun as they run by.

With respect,

R. M. STRIBLING,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

[Indorsement.]

This note was written just before the work was attacked by the party that landed and carried the work.

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General.

