
right gun being the only one able to fire across the river at right angles. The guns could not be fired to the rear, as there was rising ground immediately in rear of and higher than the work itself, and it was behind this in rear of the work that the landing was effected, there being no pickets, as I understood, on the river above to give information.

Numbers 26. Report of Major F. J. Boggs, C. S. Artillery, of the capture of Battery Huger, April 19.

PROVIDENCE CHURCH, VA., April 21, 1863.

MAJOR: In response to your call for a detailed report of the occurrences on the 19th I regret to say I have but an imperfect recollection of more than general affairs. Captain Smoot went into battery on the night of the 18th. On the 19th I went to the point below him, in view of the gunboat, to watch the effect of his shot if he should open. the instructions I have him as received from you were to wait until a boat attempted to pass Stribling's position, or, if no attempt was made to pass, to wait for the boat to take a nearer position, as on the day before. I was not a little surprised to hear Smoot's guns open, as the boat, I thought, had not gone up far enough. The shots, however, were good. One, I am confident, struck on the starboard side in front just under the hurricane deck. During the night succeeding your ordered Smoot, in my presence, to come out cautiously, removing his guns first by hand, which he did, and last night succeeded in getting out his caissons. The orders given be me and from you to Stribling were to fire at nothing but a gunboat on attempting to pass or within short range, which order was strictly obeyed.

On the 18th, about 8 o'clock, three boats from below came up in line of battle and opened a terrific fire on Stribling's position, the rear boats continuing the fire while the first boat passed. Lieutenant Marshall informed me in the evening that two shots were fired at the leading boat, one taking a damaging effect. Seven shots were fired at the second boat, five taking effect and the sixth striking down the flag-staff. Several citizens of my acquaintance informed me that she was towed below in a sinking condition. I witnessed this fight also, and heard the crash of timber from the shots on the second boat.

On the evening of the 19th, about sunset, I was standing with you and Mr. Waterbury and Mrs. Moore's yard when we heard heavy firing and cheering, which, on investigation, we found to be the shout of the enemy in the capture of Stribling's battery. I immediately communicated your order to Colonel Connally to carry down his regiment, which order was executed. coit's section was also carried in. The shelling was terrific, and I do not believe a dog could have made the trip from Riddick's quarters to the fort. In the morning of this day, while I was watching the effect of Smoot's battery, I observed three boats above the fort, one a large side-wheel vessel, this one, at least, loaded with troops. This information I communicated to you, and expressed my fears to several officers (I think to you) that there would be an effort to land troops. Captain [James A.] Shingleur was there and saw the vessels and troops. Just after the report reached us of the capture of Stribling's battery you remarked that you had sent to General Law, but that he informed you he had not the troops to spare. I think you remarked you had also sent

