
indicated. They had re-embarked, as I learned after my capture. My sergeant returned and reported that a regiment was in the woods, about three-quarters of a mile distant, having been sent down to our support. When the enemy landed on the evening of the 19th there was no picket or lookout up the river; no guns was fired or no notice whatever served of their approach, and as the shore was heavily wooded we could see nothing from the fort. I had been led to suppose that the banks of the river were picketed and that I would receive notice of the approach of a land force, and also that there was a regiment in supporting distance. The construction of the fort was of such a nature that I could not use my guns with full effect against a land force, though it was admirably adapted to resists an attack from the gunboats and to blockade the river at that point.

I neglected to state that while the gunboat was aground during the morning of the 17th no gun in the fort could be brought to bear upon it on account of the narrowness of the embrasure which had been hastily cut out the night before. That night they were widened sufficiently to give command of the point.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. M. STRIBLING,

Captain Fauquier Artillery.

[Major General S. G. FRENCH.]

P. S. - It might be well to add that on the night of the 16th, when the alarm was given, Lieutenant-Colonel Coleman told me that he had orders to notify General Law should any force cross the river, and that he had no courier. As my sergeant had a hose I offered him to the colonel, and he was sent by his order.

[Indorsement.]

Stribling's guns were lost because the infantry placed in the work as a garrison by Generals Hood and Law, and from whom they received all orders, were captured. When Hood's infantry garrison surrendered the guns were captured. Why not inquire how it was the garrison found in the fort was captured?

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 29. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John A. Jones, Forty-fourth Alabama Infantry, of the capture of Battery Huger, April 19.

Names of the companies and their strength captured in the fort at Hill's Point, on the Nansemond River, April 19, all from the Forty-fourth Alabama Regiment.

 Officers.	 Non-	 Privates.	 Aggregate.

 	 commissione

 	 d officers.

Company A.	 4	 6 	 18	 28

Company B.	 1	 6 	 36	 43

Total.	 5	 12	 54	 71

JNO. A. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Forty-fourth Alabama Vols.

22 R R - VOL XVIII

