
SUFFOLK, VA., November 18, 1862.

GENERAL: I advised you this afternoon of the reports from Wessells. The boats broke last night en route, and they were not able to make the bridge support the artillery. During the morning the enemy were in order of battle back from where he proposed to cross. He has shelled their camps. About noon he moved down in front of Franklin and was shelling the place. They are superior in numbers, and he thinks have from eight to twelve pieces. Only one wounded. Have advised hi to move in near the Deserted House and come in to-morrow. A larger infantry force is needed for this position to enable us to cross that river in the presence of the force there, and the supports that may be sent by two railways. they could easily have re-enforced from Weldon during the day or from Wakefield or Ivor.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

Major-General DIX&lt; Fort Monroe.

NOVEMBER 22, 1862.- Reconnaissance from Williamsburg, Va.

Report of Major John A. Dix, U. S. Army, commanding the Department of Virginia.

FORT MONROE, VA., November 23, 1862.

A reconnaissance was made from Williamsburg yesterday toward the Chickahominy. Killed 2 and captured 6 of the enemy and took 11 horses. No loss on our side.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

Major-General HALLECk,

General-in-Chief.

NOVEMBER 25, 1862.- Capture of the United States steamer Ellis, New River, N. C.

Report of Brigadier General W. H. C. Whiting, C. S. Army, commanding Defenses of Cape Fear River.*
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, N. C., November 28, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the pleasure of reporting that Captain Newkirk, of the cavalry, and Captain Adams, with a section of a field battery, have destroyed a steam gunboat of the enemy on New River. Her crew escaped. Her armament, ammunition, small-arms, and many articles of value will be saved. The enemy attempted to fire her, but being of iron but little damage was done. Great credits is due to Captains Newkirk and Adams and their officers and men.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General GUSTAVUS W. SMITH,

Commanding, &amp;c., Richmond, Va.

---------------

* For reports of Commander H. K. Davenport and Lieutenant William B. Cushing, U. S. Navy, see Annual Report of the Secretary of the Navy, December 1, 1862.

---------------

