
veteran-like steadiness. Lieutenant-Colonel Smith, Major Belo, and Adjt. [H. T.] Jordan behaved with the utmost coolness and gallantry. I had 10 men wounded (1 mortally) and 1 man missing, supposed to have been killed.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. K. CONNALLY,

Colonel Fifty-fifth Regiment North Carolina Troops.

Major DAVES.

[Indorsement.]

CAMP NEAR SUFFOLK, VA., April 22, 1863.

I do not know the precise hour the instructions were given Colonel Connally, but think it was earlier than 4 p. m. They would have been delivered in the forenoon, but Colonel connally was absent from camp with General Law. I had left the batteries and arrived at camp before the attack was made.

Respectfully,

GEO. A. CUNNINGHAM.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Suffolk, Va., April 22, 1863.

Colonel Connally is in error, perhaps, in regard to the time he saw Colonel Cunningham and received his instructions.

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General.

Numbers 31. Report of Major General George E. Pickett, C. S. Army, commanding Division of skirmish on the Edenton Road, Va., April 24.
HEADQUARTERS PICKETT'S DIVISION,April 26, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose report* of Colonel [J. B.] Magruder, of the Fifty-seventh Virginia, commanding on the Whitemarsh road, of the skirmish which took place on his front on the 24th instant. Since his report has been handed in 4 of the pickets thought to be prisoners have returned. They took refuge in the swamps upon the advance of the enemy. They report from what was overheard that the officers had great difficulty in making their men come up to the mark. Simultaneously with the attack on the Whitemarsh road the enemy advanced in my immediate front, opening fire from one of their redoubts near the point of the pond with three rifled guns; also from a redoubt in our right front, and from a section of artillery which they brought out in front of my advanced pickets. Their picket line, which was re-enforced, tried to advance under cover of this heavy artillery fire, but were easily repulsed by my pickets, who maintained their position and did not call on the reserve regiment which I had sent up to support if necessary.

I am sorry to report that two very valuable officers of the Fourteenth Virginia were very seriously wounded - Capts. [William D.] Tompkins, [Company B,] and [P.] Poindexter, [Company I]. They were shot while

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

