
in the execution of their duty with the most advanced of the scouts. Also two men of the Twenty-ninth Virginia, Corse's brigade, slightly wounded.

The officers and men engaged all acted with great coolness and readiness, and it is evident the enemy was badly hurt.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. PICKETT,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina.

APRIL 12, 1863.- Reconnaissance from Gloucester Point to the vicinity of Hickory Forks, Va.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles C. Tevis, Fourth Delaware Infantry.

CAMP GILPIN, GLOUCESTER POINT, VA.,

April 12, 1863.

COLONEL: In pursuance of your orders I marched a detachment of 150 men (infantry), taken from the Fourth Delaware Regiment, to the points indicated in your instructions to me. I felt all the woods between york River and the main country road as far up as Timber Neck Creek, and then took what is called the Pine Swamp road until its intersection with the Bell Roy road, about 1 1/2 miles above Hickory Fork.

All the country was carefully examined by my line of skirmishers, and indications of the recent presence of the enemy were found, particularly at a small Methodist chapel called Providence Chapel, about 3 miles beyond our lines. All the inhabitants concurred in stating that about 200 cavalry (Captain Littleton's, Clopton's, and Allen's companies), under Colonel godwin and Major Vaughan, had been down since Friday morning, and had returned about 6 p. m. to-day to King and Queen's Court-House, where they are encamped. I found a considerable quantity of grain in the mill belonging to Coleman roberts, on the Bell Roy road, and as the rebels are in the habit of picketing there to bait their horses, and as the owner confessed to correspondence with their leaders, I burned the mill. My detachment returned by the main county road, only halting to destroy a grist and saw mill belonging to Prosser Tabb, near Hickory Fork, in which large quantities of flour have been lately ground for the use of the Richmond army. I would especially call attention to Charles Curtis, at Wilson's Creek, who receives stores for the rebels and who had rented the last-mentioned mill.

I have the honor to forward, too, the papers taken from two cavalry soldiers belonging to the Fifth Virginia Cavalry, who I captured, and who were empowered by the rebel general, Stuart, to collect horses for his regiments. The men and officers of my command did their duty well. I would speak particularly of the services of Lieutenant John J. Toner, regimental quartermaster, and of Dr. Hopkins, regimental surgeon, who were of material assistance to me in the capture of the prisoners.

Very respectfully,

CHARLES CARROLL TEVIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fourth Delaware Volunteers.

Colonel A. H. GRIMSHAW,

Fourth Delaware Volunteers, Commanding Post.

