
you? If my command, while performing the special service assigned to it, has been indeed instrumental in protecting your rear, you need scarcely my assurance that no one is more grateful for it than your obedient servant,

PEYTON WISE,

Major, Commanding, &amp;c.

Brigadier General HENRY A. WISE, Commanding, &c.

APRIL 27, 1863.- Expedition from Yorktown beyond Hickory Forks, Va.

Extract from "Record of Events" of Seventh Army Corps.*

April 27.- Lieutenant-Colonel Tevis, Fourth Delaware Volunteers, with a detachment from his regiment and a detachment from the Second Massachusetts Cavalry, went some distance above Hickory Forks, destroyed a large amount of stores of the rebel army, consisting of grain, cotton, bacon, flour, salt, coffee, sulphur, powder, flints, percussion-caps, and quinine; also collected and drove within the lines 57 head of horned cattle, 260 sheep, and 8 horses and mules.

APRIL 27 - MAY 1, 1863.- Expedition from New Berne toward Kinston, N. C., and skirmish (28th) at Wise's Cross-Roads.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Brigadier General Innis N. Palmer, U. S. Army, commanding Expedition.

Numbers 2.- Colonel George H. Peirson, Fifth Massachusetts Infantry.

Numbers 3.- Lieutenant Colonel Luke Lyman, Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Infantry.

Numbers 4.- Colonel Charles L. Holbrook, Forty-third Massachusetts Infantry.

Numbers 5.- Colonel Charles R. Codman, Forty-fifth Massachusetts Infantry. Numbers 6.- Colonel J. Richter Jones, Fifty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General Innis N. Palmer, U. S. Army, commanding Expedition.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Core Creek, Dover Road Crossing, N. C., April 28, 1863-9 p. m.

COLONEL: About midday to-day the weather cleared up a little and a demonstration was made, having for its object principally the capture of any of the enemy who might be on Sandy Ridge. Colonel Amory, with two regiments (the Seventeenth and Forty-fifth), was ordered to march up the railroad as rapidly as possible to the point where the railroad and Dover road cross. Colonel Jones, with his own regiment (the Fifth-eighth Pennsylvania) and the Twenty-seventh Massachusetts, was ordered up the Dover road. The arrangement was that the two column

---------------

*From Return for month of April, 1863.

---------------

