
should meet at the junction mentioned. I recollected what General Foster had told me about making the demonstration with infantry, and also about giving Colonel Jones a command. All the other forces were held in readiness to move in any direction. Nothing was found on the ridge, the intrenchments nearest Core Creek having been abandoned. The forces arrived at the junction nearly at the same time and there found intrenchments with a force to defend them. A sharp skirmish took place, when the enemy were driven out, leaving 2 men dead and 1 wounded. They retired up the railroad in the direction of Kinston. Their line of retreat they had taken care to keep open and it was impossible to get behind them.

The wounded man found in the enemy's works is with Colonel Jones' command, which has not yet arrived in camp. I will get all the information I can from him as soon as he arrives here and communicate further with you to-morrow.

Our loss is 1 man killed and 6 wounded.

This skirmish took place some 10 miles this side of Kinston. The only information I have been able to obtain thus far in regard to the enemy's position, &amp;c., at Kinston is from a negro, who says, "They have plenty men, plenty guns, plenty forts."

We have provisions enough for to-morrow. If more provisions are sent some wagons should be sent to transport them, for the roads are very bad between here and the railroad. I have had them repaired as far as possible to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Eighteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Core Creek Railroad Crossing, April 29, 1863.

COLONEL: The rebel works carried yesterday are 8 miles from Kinston. They command the railroad and the Dover road. They were erected last week and have four embrasures. General Ransom, with his brigade (six regiments), is 2 to 4 miles nearer Kinston. General Hill has another division in that vicinity, at different points, where there are other defenses. I cannot tell the condition of the bridge at Kinston; the wagon-road bridge is good. I think we have impressed them with the belief at Kinston that the whole Union force in this vicinity is to be hurled on them. I send down 2 wounded men and 2 dead (one of the Fifty-eighth Pennsylvania and one of the Forty-fifth Massachusetts); both the wounded are of the Forty-fifth. One Confederate wounded also goes down. It was a hard day's work yesterday. The commands returned at midnight. The roads are dreadful.

Very respectfully,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Eighteenth Army Corps.

P. S. - Yours of 6 p. m. to-day received. The position of the forces around Kinston are undoubtedly as I have given above.

