
ants informed him that a brigade of infantry, with artillery, was strongly intrenched at Moseley's Creek, but on arriving at that point he found the whole force had retired toward Kinston on hearing of the skirmish of Tuesday.

The position at Moseley's Creek Colonel Jones reports to be quite strong. The creek here has two branches, behind each of which the rebels had thrown up earthworks. The first line is some 400 feet long, with one embrasure looking down the road. The front is broken into bastions and a rifle-pit is place in the rear. The second work has two embrasures, more extensive than the other, flanking arrangements, broader and deeper water in front, and is altogether a formidable affair. The camps in rear of these works Colonel Jones burned and destroyed.

From the information procured by Colonel Jones I have no doubt the enemy drew in all their forces on all the roads leading to Kinston after the advance and skirmish by the two columns on the 28th instant.

Colonel Peirson, with his command, made a successful reconnaissance down the Dover road, resulting in some useful information in regard to the character of the country and road, location of cross-roads, houses, &amp;c., as will be seen by the accompanying sketch. On arriving within about 1 1/2 miles of the intrenchments on the railroad Colonel Peirson drove in the enemy's pickets and reconnoitered their position, which he reports was occupied by a strong force; what number it was impossible for him to discover.

On receipt of Special Orders, Numbers 125, from Headquarters Eighteenth Army Corps, on the 1st instant, I immediately returned to New Berne with my division, by railroad, sending Colonel Jones, with his regiment and the cavalry, around by the Neuse road and Batchelder's Creek.

The whole command behaved very well. The commanding officers of regiments, &c., showed themselves energetic in the discharge of their duties. To Colonel Jones, of the Fifty-eighth Pennsylvania, I am indebted for much valuable information regarding the country, its inhabitants, &c. Energetic, untiring, and zealous, he has shown himself the man for his place as commandant of the outposts in front of New Berne.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel George H. Peirson, Fifth Massachusetts Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTH Regiment MASSACHUSETTS VOL. MILITIA,Fort Peirson, New Berne, N. C., May 3, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to orders received, dated Core Creek, April 30, I respectfully submit the following report of the reconnaissance made by me on that day:

We left camp about 9 a. m. and moved on the Dover road, taking notes and gaining, as far as possible, information concerning that road, the cross-roads on either side, as well as the nature of the country. We met with no opposition until we arrived within 1 1/2 miles of the enemy's

