
position, at what is called Wise's Cross-Roads. We were there fired upon be seven of the enemy's pickets, who were driven into the woods. We then advanced cautiously, skirmishing with the different pickets on the road, until we arrived near to the enemy's works, which command the railroad and the Dover road, about 10 miles from our camp. After reconnoitering about one and a half hours and drawing their fire I found the enemy in strong force. I then retired, agreeably to my instructions.

Accompanying this report I send a sketch of the roads, &amp;c., through which I passed, which I hope will prove satisfactory to you.

Respectfully, yours,

GEORGE H. PEIRSON,

Colonel, Commanding Fifth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Militia.

Captain J. A. JUDSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Eighteenth army Corps.

P. S. - I omitted to state that on my approaching the enemy's works he fired several buildings situated just in front of him, probably to prevent my taking shelter behind them.

Numbers 3. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Luke Lyman, Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SEVENTH Regiment MASS. VOLS.,Camp Potter, New Berne, N. C., May 2, 1863.

DEAR SIR: I have the report the part taken by this regiment in the battle at Wise's Cross-Roads on Tuesday, April 28:

At 12 m. of that day I received orders to report with my regiment to Colonel Jones, of the Fifty-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, which I did immediately. We moved about 1 o'clock, the Fifty-eighth Regiment leading the column. When about 2 miles out Companies D and E were thrown forward as skirmishers on the left of the road and two companies of the Fifty-eighth Regiment on the right. No obstructions were met with except the enemy's pickets, who retreated upon our approach, until reaching the cross-roads. Here the skirmishers found about one regiment of the enemy behind earthworks. they engaged them promptly, and in less than one hour's fighting, averaging 20 to 25 rounds to a man, charged their works and drove them out, Company D being the first to mount the parapet, receiving a volley as they did so from the retreating enemy who had covered themselves behind a second line of earthworks but left them immediately after delivering a volley. The remaining companies of the regiment were not brought into action.

Our casualties were small, only 2 being wounded, and they slightly; none killed.

I was not in a position to witness the action and therefore cannot speak personally of the behavior of the companies engaged, but I am pleased to place on record in this form the opinion of Colonel Jones, who was in front and in direct command. He volunteered to say to me on our return that these companies behaved nobly.

Respectfully submitted.

LUKE LYMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel HORACE C. LEE,

Commanding Second Brigadier, First Div., Eighteenth Army Corps.

