
Numbers 4. Report of Colonel Charles L. Holbrook, Forty-third Massachusetts Infantry.
HDQRS. FORTY-THIRD MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS,Camp Rogers, N. C., May 2, 1863.

COLONEL: In accordance with orders received Wednesday evening, 29th ultimo, this regiment left the camp of the brigade on Tuesday morning at 6 o'clock and marched about 5 miles on the railroad toward Kinston, halting near where the pioneer corps was engaged in repairing the road. The regiment bivouacked in the woods, and returned to the camp of the brigade yesterday morning, and at 1 p. m. embarked on the train and returned to New Berne.

On Thursday scouting parties were sent out in different directions and pickets posted, and nothing of importance transpired after leaving the camp of the brigade. At the suggestion of General Palmer large fires were built in the woods in and about our camp on Thursday night.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. L. HOLBROOK,

Colonel Forty-third Massachusetts Volunteers.

Colonel T. J. C. AMORY,

Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 5. Report of Colonel Charles R. Codman, Forty-fifth Massachusetts Infantry.
HDQRS. FORTY-FIFTH MASSACHUSETTS VOL. MILITIA,Camp Massachusetts, near New Berne, N. C., May 1, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with orders from brigade headquarters I have the honor to submit a report of the part taken by the troops under my command on the expedition upon the railroad on April 28:

On the evening of April 27, the brigade being then at Core Creek, on the railroad, I received orders from Colonel Amory, commanding the brigade, to send two companies of this regiment, under a field officer, to proceed up the railroad the next morning early and endeavor to ascertain the strength of the enemy, with orders, however, not to dive in the enemy's pickets or to engage in any action.

Early on the morning of the 28th the companies of Captains Minot and Tappan were placed under the orders of Major Sturgis, and that officer was directed to carry out the above instructions. The companies left camp before 7 o'clock and proceeded upon their destination. At the same time, in compliance with orders from Colonel Amory, Captain Bumstead's company was directed to proceed to the cross-road leading to the Dover road, with instructions to explore that road and to communicate with Brigadier-General Palmer, whose column was on the Dover road.

At about 12 o'clock I received orders from Colonel Amory to proceed with the rest of the regiment and the Seventeenth Massachusetts Volunteers (Lieutenant-Colonel Fellows commanding) up the railroad to overtake Major Sturgis, and to push on to the cross-roads nearest to the junction of the Dover road with the railroad, with discretionary orders to proceed to the junction. I was instructed to intercept any parties

