
Numbers 2. Report of Captain W. Dewees Roberts, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry.

CAMDEN COURT-HOUSE AND SHILOH, N. C.,

May 17, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report from the expedition sent you yesterday afternoon to intercept the party supposed to have captured the Emily and Arrow.

The Pasquotank Guerrillas crossed the Pasquotank River about 5 miles below Elizabeth City on Friday morning, the 15th instant. About 4 o'clock in the afternoon they captured one of the above-named boats in Currituck Canal, and with her pushed out into North River, where they captured the other boat, taking her crew prisoners. They then landed their prisoners, and, under a sufficient guard, appear to have taken them across the lower end of Camden County to near Shiloh and from thence across the Pasquotank River to Elizabeth City, where they arrived on the morning of the 16th instant (yesterday). Hearing of a Federal force in the vicinity, under Lieutenant Titus, they again went down the river and landed on the south side of the Pasquotank. The captured boats seem to have been taken down the Albemarle Sound and up the Chowan River. The rebel crew declared their intention of so doing, but if overtaken by our forces they would then destroy the boats.

The party capturing these boats seem to have been about 40 of the Pasquotank Guerrillas, Captain Elliott commanding, and were guided by Captain Sanderlin, of the Camden Guerrillas. None of the Camden company, except the captain, were engaged in the capture.

I have received this information from several persons living in the vicinity of Currituck Bridge, and the statements of all being the same I deem it entirely reliable.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. DEWEES ROBERTS,

Captain, Eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry.

Major F. A. STRATTON,

Commanding at South Mills, N. C.

[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS, South Mills, N. C., May 17, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to Brigadier-General Viele.

Captain Roberts was sent with one company of cavalry and a howitzer to intercept the captors of the Emily and Arrow immediately upon the receipt of General Viele's dispatch on yesterday, but the notice was not soon enough to enable my party to intercept the rebels. Lieutenant Titus and one company was also out in the vicinity of Elizabeth City, where the rebels landed, but hearing of his presence there they re-embarked and escaped, probably through the Sound.

FRANKLIN A. STRATTON,Major, 11th Pa. Cav., Commanding Detachment at South Mills, N. C.
HEADQUARTERS, Norfolk, Va., May 18, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the major-general commanding the department.

I sent a dispatch to Major Stratton, at South Mills, as soon as I learned that the Emily and Arrow had been captured.

EGBERT L. VIELE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

