
MAY 15, 1863.-Expedition from West Point to Robinson's Plantation, King and Queen County, Va.

Report of Brigadier General George H. Gordon, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,West Point, Va., May 16, 1863.

GENERAL: Last night I sent out a small expedition to capture if possible-if not, destroy-many hundred bushels of grain which a negro reported to be in a barn. Running up the left bank of the York River, about 2 miles below the mouth of the Mattapony, Captain Babcock, of the gunboat Morse, carried my infantry to its destination and co-operated with his men and boats. The grain was found stored in a large granary; it was in bulk. Captain Motley, of my staff, who accompanied the expedition, estimates the amount of grain destroy at over 600 bushels. The barn was very large and a very fine one, securely locked and barred. The negro, who proved a faithful guide, says the proprietor, Mr. Robinson, has been in the habit of shipping grain to Richmond; that he sent a schooner load just before may arrival.

I am satisfied that the occupation of this Point by our forces and the river by the gunboats will compel rebels to resort to land travel, if that be possible, to transport the large amounts of grain now on the river bank awaiting transportation to Richmond.

The company of infantry I sent out was Captain Wheeler's, of the One hundred and forty-second Regiment New York Volunteers, Colonel Curtis.

I am indebted to Captain Babcock, of the Morse, for information that led to the capture of this grain.

I am, general, very truly, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. GORDON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding U. S. Forces, West Point, Va.

Major General JOHN A. DIX,

Fort Monroe, Va.

MAY 15-28, 1863.-Operations on the Norfolk and Petersburg Railroad and skirmishers (17th) near Providence Church and (23rd) at Antioch Church and Barber's Cross-Roads, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General John A. Dix, U. S. Army, commanding the Department of Virginia.

Numbers 2.-Major General John J. Peck, U. S. Army, commanding at Suffolk.

Numbers 3.-Itinerary of the Reserve Brigade, Department of Virginia, Brigadier General Isaac J. Wistar, U. S. Army, commanding, May 15-28.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General John A. Dix, U. S. Army, commanding the Department of Virginia.

FORT MONROE, VA., May 24, 1863.

The enemy, with two regiments of infantry and two field pieces, attacked a detachment of our forces under General Dodge, on the Peters-

