
MAY 24, 1863.

At the same moment of attacking the advance at Antioch Church a demonstration was made at Barber's Cross-Roads, where a regiment is watching the approaches centering there. Both failed, and the enemy was repulsed with considerable loss. At the church we lost 1 captured and 3 wounded, and captured a few prisoners.

Every rail beyond Windsor is removed.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

Major-General DIX.

Numbers 3. Itinerary of the Reserve Brigade, Department of Virginia, Brigadier General Isaac J. Wistar, U. S. Army, commanding, May 15-28.*

May 15.-By direction of Major-General Peck, Colonel Wardrop was sent, with the Ninety-ninth New York Volunteers and Nineteenth Wisconsin Volunteers, to assist in protecting working parties engaged in tearing up the tracks of the railroad between Suffolk and the Black-water.

May 20.-The Ninth Vermont Volunteers and the One hundred and eighteenth New York Volunteers were sent, by order of Major-General Peck, on the same duty, under the command of Brigadier-General Dodge.

May 26.-The Nineteenth Wisconsin Volunteers returned, and May 27 the other regiments; but the Ninety-ninth New York Volunteers were ordered out again immediately.

May 28.-The Ninety-ninth New York Volunteers returned to camp.

MAY 19-22, 1863.-Expedition from Gloucester Point into matthews County, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General Erasmus D. Keyes, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Army Corps.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Judson Kilpatrick, Second New York Cavalry, commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 3.-Lieutenant James H. Gillis, U. S. Navy.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Erasmus D. Keyes, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH CORPS,Fort Yorktown, Va., May 23, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that a combined expedition left Gloucester Point on the night of the 19th instant and returned yesterday morning under the following instructions:

A combined expedition will set out to-night for Matthews County. The cavalry and a section of artillery, supported by 200 infantry, to leave Gloucester Point at 10

---------------

*From Return for May, 1863.

---------------

