
a. m., will be under the immediate orders of Colonel J. Kilpatrick, commanding cavalry brigade. The gunboats and ferry-boat, under the command of Lieutenant-Commander Gills, U. S. Navy, will have on board 200 infantry subject to the orders of Lieutenant Colonel C. C. Suydam, of my staff. A small supply of intrenching tools will be on board, with some extra ammunition for the field artillery. The infantry will carry 100 rounds of ammunition per man, and all the troops will have two days' cooked rations.

Colonel Kilpatrick will consult with Lieutenant-Commander Gillis and Lieutenant-Colonel Suydam in regard to the movement to insure prompt and effective co-operation. Besides inflicting as much injury as possible on armed enemies the detachments of the expedition will capture and bring in all animals and supplies needful to our troops that may be found, but will not wantonly burn or pillage anywhere.

E. D. KEYS,

Major-General, Commanding Fourth Army Corps.

The cavalry was from the New York Harris Light and Twelfth Illinois. The artillery was commanded by Captain Mink, of the First New York Volunteer Artillery, and the two battalions of infantry were from the One hundred and Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Drafted Militia and the Fourth delaware, commanded, respectively, by Majors Smyth and La Motte.

The expedition was conducted with spirit by the officers, and the men behaved well. Only some straggling parties of the enemy were seen. One guerrilla was killed and 2 of our men were wounded. About 300 horses and mules were captured, besides about 150 head of horned cattle and the same number of sheep. A small amount of grain was brought in, and a large amount of grain and forage collected for the rebel Government was destroyed. Five mills stored with grain and flour were burned.

I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient servant,

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General, Commanding Fourth Army Corps.

Major General JOHN A. DIX,

Commanding Department of Virginia.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Judson Kilpatrick, Second New York Cavalry, commanding Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Fort Yorktown, Va., May 22, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the entire success of the expedition under my command sent out by you on the morning of the 20th instant.

I left Gloucester Point at 1 a. m.; reached Gloucester Court-House at daylight; passed down into Matthews County, and communicated with Lieutenant-Colonel Suydam, in command of the forces sent by water, at 9 a. m., at the head of North River.

Having posted pickets across the neck from North River to Piankatank, I proceeded to Matthews Court-House without opposition, and again communicated with Lieutenant-Colonel Suydam. I returned to

