
Gloucester Court-House on the evening of the 21st, having scouted the whole of Matthews and a portion of Gloucester Counties, finding only straggling parties of the enemy.

The entire expedition returned at 8 a. m. this morning, without the loss of a man. Two men of the Second New York were wounded by a guerrilla; the guerrilla was killed. We captured and brought with us 300 horses and mules, 150 head of beef cattle, and the same of sheep. Large quantities of grain and forage collected for the rebel Government were destroyed.

The officers and men of the command deserve great credit for the prompt and soldierly manner in which every order was obeyed and duty performed.

Respectfully submitted.

J. KILPATRICK,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Major General E. D. KEYES,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps.

Numbers 3. Report of Lieutenant James H. Gillis, U. S. Navy.

U. S. GUNBOAT COMMODORE MORRIS,

Off Yorktown, Va., May 22, 1863.

SIR: I have to report that at the request of Major-General Keyes I have acted in conjunction with Brigadier-General Kilpatrick, by covering his operations in Matthews County. The object of the expedition was to mount all the dismounted men under his command.

On the moving of the 20th instant I took on board 100 men from the Fourth Delaware Volunteers, under Major La Motte, and with the Winnisimmet in company, she having on board 100 of the same regiment, proceeded to North River, where we arrived at 5.30 a. m. I remained at this place until communication was had with General Kilpatrick, and in the evening I went into East River to cover his operations there. I remained at this place until about 9 o'clock the next morning and then started for the rendezvous on North River. After I arrived some horses were brought on board the Winnisimmet and we lay quiet all day waiting to hear from the different squads that had been sent out. At 6 o'clock, all being ready for a departure, I took on board 200 of the Fourth Delaware and started for Yorktown, where I arrived at 12.30 last night.

About 250 horses, 150 head of cattle, and a large number of sheep were captured by the land forces in their march across the country.

General Kilpatrick and Lieutenant-Colonel Suydam, in obedient to orders issued to them, destroyed all the property which they considered useful to the rebels.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. GILLIS,

Lieutenant, Commanding.

B. C. CHETWOOD,

Lieutenant Colonel and Inspector General, Fourth Army Corps.

