
ordered Colonel Spear to proceed there during the night with portions of the Thirty-ninth Illinois, Colonel Osborn; Sixty-second Ohio Colonel Pond; One hundred and thirtieth New York, Colonel Gibbs; Sixth Massachusetts, Colonel Follansbee; One hundred and third Pennsylvania, Lieutenant-Colonel Maxwell; two sections of Davis', one of Howard's artillery, and a portion of his cavalry -in all 3,100 - for information, and to drive off any force that he found there.

No works were found, but while breakfasting his pickets were driven in and a furious charge was made by some 500 cavalry, with a section of a rocket battery.

Colonel Spear took 300 of his cavalry and gallantry led them upon the head of the column, which recoiled under this impetuous attack. Confusion ensued; many jumped off and fled into the woods, while others put about for Franklin.

The cannoneers and horses being disabled, the gallant Pennsylvanians made quick work with the battery, and chased the Georgians squadrons to their floating bridge under the guns of Franklin. Besides driving the enemy over the river and capturing his section, 10 or 12 were killed and 20 made prisoners. Fourteen horses, harness, 7 saddles, 42 rifles, 70 rockets of 12 and 15 pound, and other minor articles fell into our hands.

No portion of the artillery or infantry was called upon, and I am happy to say that no loss of men or horses was sustained. Colonel J. R. Griffin and Major Boggs commanded. General R. A. Pryor had just assumed command and was making his reconnaissance toward Suffolk.

This brilliant affair entitles Colonel Spear to great credit and adds to his high reputation. He mentions favorably Major Stratton and Lieutenants Buttz and Roper.

Very respectfully,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

Major General JOHN A. DIX,

Commanding Department of Virginia, &amp;c.

DECEMBER 8-12, 1862.- Reconnaissance from Suffolk to the Blackwater and skirmishes at and about Zuni, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Major General John A. Dix, U. S. Army, commanding the Department of Virginia.

Numbers 2.- Major General John J. Peck, U. S. Army, commanding at Suffolk, Va.

Numbers 3.- Captain J. H. Sikes, Company D, Seventh Confederate States Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Reports of Major General John A. Dix, U. S. Army, commanding the Department of Virginia.

FORT MONROE, VA., December 8, 1862.

The troops in this department will be ready to move at short notice. Banks' expedition, which came here wanting large amounts of quartermaster, commissary, and ordnance stores, has drawn us very low, but fresh supplies have been ordered. In furtherance of Foster's move-

