
a strong guard over the rebel prisoners, I had with me only 25 officers and 453 men. I took the Neuse road and proceed to a point beyond its intersection with the railroad, and halted in a convenient position for communication with our force on the Neuse road, near Batchelder's Creek, and also with our force on the railroad near the same creek. We there rested on our arms during the remainder of the night.

Just after daylight on the 24th, by order of General Palmer, I sent Company A, of my command, forward to the junction of the Neuse and Washington roads to support a section of Howell's battery.

At 9.30 a. m., report having been received from the outposts that the enemy had retired, I received orders to return with my command to camp at New Berne, leaving the outposts as they were. The day was extremely hot and the roads very dusty, therefore we marched very slowly. Reached camp about noon. No severe casualties.

Respectfully submitted.

S. P. RICHMOND,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel J. JOURDAN,

Commanding Second Brigadier, Fifth Div., Eighteenth Army Corps.

MAY 31-JUNE 1, 1863.-Evacuation of West Point, Va.

Report of Brigadier General George H. Gordon, U. S. Army, with itinerary of his division, May 4-June 1.

YORKTOWN, VA., June 1, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the successful removal of the force under my command from West point, without the loss of a single man or the abandonment of a single dollar's worth of Government property. About 7 p. m. this evening, just twenty-four hours after the movement commenced, I removed the planking of the wharf and sailed from the post.

I am, sir, yours, truly,

GEO. H. GORDON,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General DIX.

Itinerary of the Second Division, Fourth Army Corps, May 4-June 1.*

May 4.-At Suffolk, Va., Brigadier General George H. Gordon assumed command of the division [formerly Abercrombie's].

May 5.-Broke up camp and moved by rail to Norfolk the same night.

May 6.-Embarked on transports for Fort Monroe.

May 7.-Sailed for West Point, and on arriving there immediately commenced throwing up fortifications for defense, consisting of a line of Fortieth Massachusetts was thrown out to the front on picket while the rest of the division worked constantly and well on the intrenchments. Six earthworks, mounting fifteen guns, and having embrasures

---------------

*From "Record of Events" on Return for May, 1863.

---------------

