
Yorktown. The general commanding further directs that you send a brigade to Williamsburg for a few days to cover this work. The general desires you to take the general command and control of the operations.

Exhibit this to General Van Alen.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,For Monroe, Va., August 21, 1862-10.30 p. m.

Major General E. D. KEYES,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps, Yorktown, Va.:

I am instructed by the commanding general to say that, owing to the great emergency which exists at this time, it is necessary that you should furnish working parties for the defenses of Yorktown at the earliest moment that tools can be obtained.

The engineer officer in charge will call upon you when the details are required.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Fort Monroe, August 22, 1862-3 p. m.

Major General E. D. KEYES, Yorktown, Va.:

As a temporary measures, please place one of your field batteries in the work at Gloucester Point.

Please push the work laid out by the engineer offices with the utmost rapidity. I hope to have new troops to relieve your men by the time transports are ready for your corps. Please detail some of your artillery offices and non-commissioned officers to instruct the garrison you found under General Van Alen in the use of heavy guns, and have them prepare tables of ranges, &amp;c., for them. I trust to your zeal and activity in this very trying moment.

They are fighting now on the Rappahannock. A general engagement is probably going on now.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 22, 1862.

Major General E. D. KEYES,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

The duty instructed to your corps, while it is no doubt disagreeable, is of the utmost importance. I fully realize how severe a tax it is upon men who have fought so gallantly and worked so hard as your corps to require them now to go upon fatigue duty. I feel sure, however, that if they know that the work I now call upon them to perform is necessary they will perform it cheerfully. You will please detail as large

