
ment a cavalry force from Suffolk was thrown down upon the Chowan, near the mouth of the Blackwater, to-day. At midnight to-night South Quay camp will be shelled. On Thursday a dash will be made on Ivor, near Zuni. All this with a view to keep the enemy busy and to draw off his attention, and, if possible, his troops from Weldon, &amp;c.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

FORT MONROE, VA., December 12, 1862.

Some of our cavalry got across the Blackwater; captured a captain, a sergeant, and 11 privates and killed a considerable number of the enemy. Our loss, 1 killed and 11 wounded.

JOHN A DIX,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Monroe, Va., December 13, 1862.

GENERAL: The demonstrations were made as promised. On Monday we had a considerable force near the mouth of the Blackwater, or its junction with Chowan. On Tuesday we shelled South Quay. On Thursday we were to have been at Zuni, but from the badness of the roads General Ferry did not get there till yesterday morning (Friday). There was sharp fighting during the day, but we did not succeed in crossing, except with a small part of our cavalry.

We killed a considerable number of the enemy, captured a captain, a sergeant, and 11 men, and drew a large force there - part, as we suppose, from Weldon. We had 1 man killed and 11 wounded.

I heard from General Peck last night, and he supposed the object of the demonstration accomplished. There was an article in the Northern papers, which went to Richmond, of course, stating that General Emory had sailed from this post to re-enforce you, and I fear this safe report has induced the enemy to strengthen himself in your front.

Hoping to hear favorable news from you, I am, respectfully and truly, general, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Department of North Carolina.

Numbers 2. Reports of Major General John J. Peck, U. S. Army, commanding at Suffolk, Va.

SUFFOLK, VA., December 8, 1862.

Besides giving Foster Wessells' old brigade I proposed making a series of demonstrations toward Blackwater for his benefit, if practicable.

