
are paroled on both sides. I sent the latter last evening to Washington. Mr. Ould makes an earnest request that General Thomas will give him an interview. There are 5,000 of our prisoners at Richmond, which they wish us to take. Every steamboat here is employed in moving the three regiments from Suffolk to Washington, called for Sunday.

I have just received a dispatch from General Keyes, at Yorktown, informing me that our pickets have been driven in at Williamsburg.

I fear Colonel Campbell has been compelled to retire, as the rebels are in possession of the telegraph station at Williamsburg. I am just leaving for Yorktown to be back to-night. I do not think it safe to take any more troops from this quarter unless we retire from Yorktown and Suffolk. I cannot even get another gunboat for Yorktown from Admiral Lee. I earnestly request that one or two more may be sent from the Potomac.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, September 10, 1862.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy:

SIR: General Dix telegraphs that the withdrawal f most of his forces to Washington leaves Yorktown too weak, and earnestly requests that one or two more gunboats be sent from the Potomac.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

FORT MONROE, VA., September 10, 1862.

(Received 10.30 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I have just returned from Yorktown, and find a dispatch from General E. D. Keyes, received since I left, saying that he is required to embark Peck's division for Alexandria. This leaves my force so reduced that it is impossible to hold Suffolk or Yorktown and protect the 7,000 sick here and in the vicinity. To retain them would be to invite attack. I propose therefore to fall back from Suffolk to Norfolk, and to destroy the guns at Yorktown and abandon it. I shall not have any infantry at Suffolk, and at Yorktown only 800 men.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 10, 1862.

Major-General DIX, Fort Monroe, Va.:

When General McClellan asked for Peck's division he was to send you 5,000 new troops to take their place. This he was probably prevented from doing by General Wool stopping troops to guard the railroads. General Mansfield thinks the forces left at Suffolk sufficient. We must not at present abandon either Yorktown or Suffolk, and you must retain troops sufficient to hold them till others arrive. Stop any

