HEADQUARTERS,Washington, N. C., September 10, 1862.

Captain SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

DEAR HOFFMAN: Captain Jocknick made a reconnaissance yesterday to Tranter's Creek. Upon reaching the bridge he discovered that it was undergoing repairs, and going on it to examine more closely was fired on by a concealed force. Only tow of his men were slightly wounded. There is good reason to believe that the enemy are collected in considerable numbers, and that they are repairing the bridge for a speedy attack on this place. Their force, according to negro and "secesh" authority, is set down at from 2,000 to 6,000. I have 43 of the Marine Artillery in the fort and Captain Wall's company of the Third New York, some 30 men. The block-house at the east end of the town is finished but there is no gun for it. The one on the Greenville road is going up rapidly. Two guns are immediately needed for these houses. Please send them at once.

Private Hahn, of Captain Jocknick's company of cavalry, ordered to New Berne, was detailed by General Foster to act as editor of the New Era. Colonel Mix's order is for Captain Jocknick to take all his men, detached or otherwise; so Hahn will go. I told him he would have to make application to you or the general if he is to return here.

Lieutenant McLane, of the First North Carolina, went to New Berne on sick leave. His brother writes that he is just recovering and that the surgeon says that a short visit to a Northern climate is necessary for his recovery. I mention the case for the general's consideration.

Yours, very truly,

EDWARD E. POTTER,

Commanding Post.

FORT MONROE, VA., September 11, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Colonel Williams' regiment of cavalry was ordered here at my special request for service under my command. On its arrival General McClellan ordered it, without landing, to Aquia Creek, promising me another regiment. I have not been furnished with one, and, moreover, five companies of the Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry, on duty here, have been taken away. I have only 500 cavalry at Williamsburg. Another regiment is indispensable.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., September 12, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

A court, for the trial of Major Wilson, was ordered before your dispatches were received.* It will meet on Monday next.

I have had a steamer out for two days watching for the Merrimac and other transports, with troops from Boston and other Northern cities, but none have been found, and the newspapers announce that the Mer-

---------------

*See p. 11.

---------------

