
UNITED STATES FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA,

Norfolk, Va., September 18, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, U. S. A.,

Commanding Seventh Army Corps, Fortress Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: The instructions from the Navy Department, of which I informed you to-day, make it necessary that I immediately direct the naval vessels on guard duty not to allow any steamer or sailing vessel to pass in or out of this harbor and these waters unless she is in the service of the Army or the Navy, and has nothing on board except the United States mail or United States troops and public property, viz, Army or Navy stores and supplies.

In respect to all Army transports I respectfully request that you will cause each to be supplied with an official certificate stating the name of the transport; that she is in the service of the Army, and that she has nothing on board for traffic. Such a certificate should be left with the officer of the Navy guard vessel by every steamer or vessel passing either way.

I further request to be informed of the name and official position of the officer at Norfolk and at Fort Monroe whom you may authorize to issue these certificates. All vessels without such certificate will be liable to detention.

Whilst I desire to carry out my instructions with fidelity I need not assure you of my further wish to do so in accordance with your official convenience.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, yours,

S. P. LEE,

Actg. Rear-Admiral, Commanding N. Atlantic Blockading Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Monroe, Va., September 19, 1862.

Actg. Rear-Admiral S. P. LEE,

Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron:

ADMIRAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your two communications of the 18th instant. I have directed the provost-marshal, Captain William E. Blake, to give the certificates you require. I shall, however, call the attention of the Government to the instructions you have received from the Navy Department and ask that some action may be had on my communication of the 4th instant to the Secretary of War, of which I inclose a copy. You may be assured that until some proper system of intercourse with Norfolk is established, so that the people may receive what they need for their subsistence and comfort, I shall interpose no obstacle to the execution of those instructions; but, on the contrary, shall do all in my power to aid you in carrying them out.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Monroe, Va., September 19, 1862.

Actg. Rear-Admiral S. P. LEE,

Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron:

ADMIRAL: Since writing to you this morning I have received the regulations concerning internal and coastwise intercourse, of which I

