
was for this post, and there is no reason why the articles not included in my permit should be allowed to go farther.

I think it very important that the trade with Norfolk and Portsmouth and the district immediately adjoining my command should be regulated by permits given by me as the commander of the military department. Through my provost-marshals and other subordinates I can ascertain the wants of every neighborhood, and indeed of every family, and thus be able to limit the supply to their reasonable wants. Collectors at a distance have no such knowledge, and a privilege intended to meet real necessities may be perverted, as it often is, to purposes of traffic with disloyal districts and individuals.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 21, 1862.

Major-General DIX, Fort Monroe:

The ordering up of Peck's division was at General McClellan's urgent request. In the advance of the enemy's army against this place and Maryland he did not deem it necessary on the Peninsula. If you require it, keep it and discharge the transports.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

SUFFOLK, September 21, 1862.

Major-General DIX:

I have reason to believe that the infantry and artillery of the enemy have gone to Franklin, and that a bridges is constructed there. Their numbers are reported at 8,000 to 10,000, besides those heretofore at Franklin. Five hundred of their cavalry are reported on this side there.

O. S. FERRY,

Brigadier-General.

UNITED STATES FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA,

Off Newport News, Va., September 23, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. DIX,

Commanding Seventh Army Corps, Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith for your information a copy of my instructions to officers on guard duty, enforcing the blockade of Norfolk and of these waters; also a number of printed certificates for vessels (other than the mail or troop steamers) passing in and out, to leave at the guard vessel. This certificate is prepared on one side for the signature of Captain Blake, as arranged with you, and on the other side for the signature of the master of the vessel; the first stating that the vessel is in the service of the army exclusively, and both declaring that she has no article but only proper supplies for the army on board.

The mail boats from Baltimore and Norfolk and troops transports will

