
advantages of this post for drilling and perfecting new regiments are very great. The place is healthy now, wood is in great abundance, water sufficient, and subsistence and quartermaster's supplies are easily obtained from New York, both to this point and to Beaufort, from which point the railroad is in good order and running.

I have some eight regiments of infantry here of old troops, divided into two brigades, commanded by most excellent officers (acting brigadier-generals), Colonels Amory and Stevenson, and with other excellent colonels could readily drill any number of new regiments you might send. My artillery force (Third New York Artillery) is good. They number five light batteries, with twenty-eight pieces; Rhode Island Battery, with six pieces; Rocket Battalion, with eight pieces. My siege train ready for transportation, though at present on shipboard, with supply of ammunition, consists of four 30-pounder Parrott guns; in addition to which I can land for the investment of any sea-coast place ten 32's (long), on ship-carriages. My cavalry force is one good and efficient regiment, Third New York Cavalry.

My knowledge of the country in this region, derived from being stationed here as engineer officer in charge and more lately in command of this department, enables me to use the small force at my disposal to advantage, which advantages would of course be greatly increased by having a much larger force at my disposal.

Hoping you will see fit to send me additional troops, I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA,

Newport News, September 24, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. DIX,

Commanding Seventh Army Corps, &amp; c.:

GENERAL: The schooner A. S. Pearcy, recently attempting to leave Norfolk under a permit from the provost-marshal with a cargo of merchandise, was stopped, and the case referred to the Navy Department. In reply I am instructed not to allow any vessel to import or export merchandise into Norfolk, Elizabeth River, or any part of the country blockaded; that Beaufort, N. C., is the only port open for general traffic within the limit of the North Atlantic Squadron; that what are called permits from any officer, except the Secretaries of the War, Treasury, and Navy, authorizing the ingress or egress of any vessel in violation of the blockade are not to be regarded; that the schooner Pearcy, with merchandise from Norfolk for Baltimore, must not be allowed to depart; that there must be no favoritism or license for trade given to any one or more of our own countrymen within the blockaded region, or to import or to export merchandise, which would justly be considered as evasive of the blockade and in bad faith; that no officer of the Army or Navy is authorized to grant permits, and that all vessels engaged in illegal traffic must be seized; that such as under the authority of the War or Navy Departments may be engaged to carry supplies to the Army or Navy will take no return cargo; that the blockade is intended to interdict all trade whatever with the country blockaded during its continuance and should be rigidly enforced.

In communicating to you the foregoing I am happy to acknowledge

