
your assurance of your disposition to aid me, as you essentially may, in giving effect to the policy of the Department, although you entertain a different view of the subject.

I have the honor to be, general, most respectfully, yours,

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral.

P. S. - Commodore Livingston can give return freights of Government property from the Norfolk navy-yard to Northern navy-yards to quite a number of the vessels bringing army supplies here. It will be advantageous to them and to the Government interests if you will be so good as to have them so informed.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Monroe, Va., September 24, 1862.

Lieutenant Com. C. W. FLUSSER, U. S. N.:

SIR: The accompanying letter from [to] Acting Rear-Admiral Lee will explain to you the earnest desire I feel to have two or three gunboats sent up the Chowan and Blackwater Rivers as far as Franklin, where the enemy has concentrated a considerable force for the purpose of attacking Suffolk. I have at the latter place a sufficient force to co-operate with you in the attack on Franklin in driving the enemy away and destroying the bridge which he has recently constructed over the Blackwater at that place, which is the crossing of the Seaboard Railroad. There is deep water as high as Franklin, but I do not know the character of the Blackwater above its junction with the Chowan. I consider the expedition a very important one, and trust there may be no obstacle to its accomplishment.

If the gunboats can go up, please let me know when they will [reach] Franklin and I will have my force there.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Monroe, Va., September 24, 1862.

Actg. Rear-Admiral S. P. LEE,

Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron:

ADMIRAL: I had last evening an earnest request from Major-General Peck, commanding at Suffolk, that two or three gunboats should be sent up the Chowan and Blackwater Rivers as far as Franklin, where the enemy have a force of from 10,000 to 12,000 men. If this can be done I think we shall be able to disperse this force and destroy the bridge at that place.

I have sent my aide, Major Dix, with this dispatch, and will be glad to receive your answer by him.

I have received your communication of yesterday and will give it my early attention.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

