
boat are sutlers' goods for the military forces, or goods in small quantities, having the requisite permits from the Treasury Department. I have given the strictest orders to the captain of the port, Captain James Millward, and am assured by him that they are rigidly enforced. I will thank you to recognize him as authorized to give permits to vessels and merchandise going to Norfolk with the requisite permission from the Treasury Department.

I am also assured by Captain Millward that no vegetables nor fruit are brought here in the Pioneer and shipped direct to Baltimore to be sold on speculation. The only articles of that description brought here from Norfolk are for the use of the troops and the population in the vicinity of the fort.

Captain Millward was appointed captain of the port by Major-General Wool before the capture of Norfolk. His duty is to board all vessels coming here or departing, and to supervise generally all that is done in the harbor.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

UNITED STATES FLAG-HIP MINNESOTA,

Off Newport News, Va., October 15, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, U. S. A.,

Commanding Seventh Army Corps, Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that a guard steamer has been stationed at a convenient distance from Fortress Monroe for the purpose of enforcing the blockade.

I would respectfully request you to cause the masters of all vessels in the employ of the army to leave a certificate on board of her similar to that left on board the guard steamer at Norfolk by vessels so employed.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, yours,

S. P. LEE,

Actg. Rear-Admiral, Commanding N. Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

UNITED STATES FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA,

Off Newport News, Va., October 15, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, U. S. A.,

Commanding Seventh Army Corps, Fortress Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 6th instant, making certain specific inquiries relative to my interpretation of and proposed course of conduct under my blockading instructions from the Department, was, with my reply thereto of the 8th, submitted to the Navy Department for its decision.

The Department approves of my letter of the 8th instant to you of my course in regard to traffic and the ingress and egress of vessels as correct and in conformity with my instructions and duty, and instructs that until the blockade is raised or modified it must be strictly maintained.

