
UNITED STATES FLAG-STEAMER PHILADELPHIA,

Hampton Roads, Va., October 25, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, U. S. A.,

Commanding Seventh Army Corps, Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communications of the 20th and 23rd instant, inclosing lists of the thirty-five steamers now in the employment of the army in the Department of Virginia, any of which I suppose are liable to be discharged at any time. In respect to those which are employed inside of Fortress Monroe their certificates once left with the blockading vessel below Norfolk are sufficient; but in respect to those (except the mail-boats) coming from or going to Baltimore or to and from the North, I have respectfully to request that you will have them ordered to stop at the Wyandotte, the outside guard vessel on blockade for Hampton Roads, &amp; c., and leave the usual certificate from your headquarters or from the proper officer detailed by you for that duty, or from the quartermaster at the post whence they came, stating that the steamer in question is then in the employment of the Government and has only army supplies on board or is in ballast, as the case may be. This will occasion but a few moments' delay and will prevent violations of the blockade. The guard vessel has omitted all steamers from her report, an irregularity which will be corrected immediately. It is obvious that my instructions can be carried out with fidelity, and yet without inconvenience to your branch of the public service, with your co-operation.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, yours,

S. P. LEE,

Actg. Rear-Admiral, Commanding N. Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

UNITED STATES STEAMER PHILADELPHIA,

Hampton Roads, Va., October 25, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. DIX,

Commanding Seventh Army Corps:

GENERAL: I inclose a copy of a report of the 24th instant from the commanding officer of the United States gunboat Wyandotte, stationed on blockade duty off Fortress Monroe, showing that whilst thus engaged in the performance of duty her officers were, when on quarter-deck of that vessel, deliberately fired at several times by one of your sentinels and narrowly escaped being shot. Whilst I confidently expect you will consider that the magnitude of this crime calls for a prompt trial by court-martial and exemplary punishment, I respectfully request to be informed of the course you deem it your duty to adopt that I may acquaint the Department thereof, in connection with my report of this grave affair.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, yours,

S. P. LEE,

Actg. Rear-Admiral, Commanding N. Atlantic Blockading Squadron.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Monroe, Va., October 25, 1862.

Actg. Rear-Admiral S. P. LEE,

Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron:

ADMIRAL: I have received your communication of this morning, with a report from the commanding officer of the Wyandotte, stating that her officers were deliberately fired on by one of the sentinels at this

