
you have done and are doing you are carrying out the orders of the Navy Department. I shall therefore address what I have to say to the Secretary of War, that all questions arising here may be adjusted at Washington.

I have endeavored to give you all the aid in my power in carrying out your instructions, and shall continue to do so, for I am as anxious as you can possibly be to prevent illicit traffic with the States or parts of States in actual insurrection against the Government of the United States, and I agree with you that those instructions may be carried out without inconvenience to the branch of the public service with which I am connected.

I respectfully suggest that as you have a complete list of all the steamers in the employ of the army here they should be allowed to pass freely from this post to Norfolk, Suffolk, Yorktown, and Newport News. They will all be provided with certificates from the chief quartermaster of the Seventh Army Corps, Lieutenant Colonel C. W. Thomas. The authentic list sent to you by me is a certificate from myself that the steamers named in it are actually in the employ of the army.

It is desirable that the certificates given by Colonel Thomas should be retained by the captains of the steamers. If any steamer is discharged, Colonel Thomas' certificate will be taken from the captain, and I will notify you immediately, in order that you may strike the steamer from your list. On the other hand, if any new steamer is chartered, I will give you the like immediate notice, that you may add it to the list.

All steamers passing the Wyandotte and not being on your list will be directed to stop and exhibit their certificate. I respectfully suggest that the steamers on your list, of which the commander of the Wyandotte should be provided with a copy, ought not to be required to stop. The delay is often inconvenient, independently of all other considerations. I am going to Washington this morning on the Metamora, on a summons from the Secretary of War, and it will be neither convenient nor consistent with my position as the commander of the department to be stopped by the guard boat, when the commander is aware that the Metamora is in the service of the army and that is the boat I use when I leave the post in performance of my military duties.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

SUFFOLK, October 29, 1862.

Major-General DIX:

Colonel Dodge, who commanded the cavalry that crossed, gave the information that I reported from the other side. It was in every one's mouth and so confidently talked that he thought it was only a question of estimates. He says 20,000; they saying 30,000. Longstreet's name has never been used over there until last week. Deserters and conscripts reported to me that Longstreet was on his way early in the week, but I did not believe it. One says he saw a division on its way for Longstreet. When I asked the sergeant if Longstreet was there he said it would not be proper to answer. He and other persons spoke of French and Pettigrew freely. This population all asking to go away of late is suspicious. A heavy picket was at Carrsville last night.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

