
possibly Weldon, and cut the railroad connection between Richmond and the Southeastern Atlantic States. To reach Weldon you would have a long march, unless you ascend the Tar or Roanoke Rivers under the cover of gunboats; but I suppose in either case troops might be drawn from Petersburg or its vicinity to oppose you. I think it would be in my power to defeat such a purpose by making a strong demonstration of an attack on some point between Weldon and Petersburg. The enemy has a considerable force, which I can at least hold in check and neutralize on the Blackwater, near which it is embodied. If you have any movement in contemplation it will afford me great pleasure to co-operate with you, and it my be in my power to do so more effectually than I have above suggested.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

NAVY DEPARTMENT,

November 9, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: In reply to your inquiry of the 8th instant I have the honor to inform you that this Department has issued no instructions to Acting Rear-Admiral Lee to allow exports from Suffolk or Norfolk or any other place within the limits of the blockade confided to him.

He is not authorized to recognize permits of any one but the Secretary of the Treasury and Secretary o War. I am not aware that the blockade enforced by the North Atlantic Blockading Squadron has in any respect been modified except by the President's proclamation opening the port of Beaufort.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

WASHINGTON, November 12, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. DIX.:

By direction of the Secretary of War I send the following orders of the President:

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, November 12, 1862.

Ordered, first, that clearances issued by the Treasury Department for vessels or merchandise bound for the port Norfolk, for the military necessities of the department, certified by the military commandant at Fort Monroe, shall be allowed to enter said port; second, that vessels and domestic produce from Norfolk, permitted by the military commandant at Fort Monroe for the military purpose of his command, shall on his permit be allowed to pass from said port to its destination to any port not blockade by the United States.

A. LINCOLN.

JOHN TUCKER,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, November 13, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. DIX,

Commanding, Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: In view of the numerous applications made to this Department for permits to trade with Norfolk, Portsmouth, and Suffolk,

