
and the large aggregate amount of goods embraced in the schedules (almost if not quite enough to supply Richmond as well as Norfolk and its neighborhood), the Secretary of War deems it proper to suggest that in acting upon applications for licenses to ship goods to those places care should be taken to scale them down so as to limit the supplies imported to the actual necessities of the inhabitants. Unless this be done the places named will again become depots of supplies for the rebels at Richmond. An estimate of the population of Norfolk, Portsmouth, and Suffolk, counting four children or negroes as the equivalent of one adult citizen, will enable you readily to determine approximately, by the application of the army ration and clothing tables, the quantities of articles required by the inhabitants to supply their necessities.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

UNITED STATES STEAMER HETZEL,

Off New Berne, N. C., November 13, 1862.

Major General J. G. FOSTER, U. S. A.,

Commanding Department of North Carolina:

GENERAL: I respectfully beg leave to offer for your consideration the following copy of a dispatch, dated November 4 instant, and received this day from Acting Rear-Admiral Lee, viz:

I have official information that the rebel gunboat No., 290 is on the coast. She may have consorts. Notify the vessels my command in the Sounds of this and promptly give the intelligence to General Foster.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. K. DAVENPORT,

Commander and Senior Officer in Sounds of North Carolina.

SUFFOLK, November 14, 1862.

Major-General DIX, Fort Monroe:

I am surprised that General Foster did not advise you of his operations, as we could at that time have threatened about the Blackwater. His movement will cause some concentration of troops, which may perhaps extend to the Blackwater region.

A Georgia deserter, who left the company near Surry Court-House last night, says Longstreet's troops are coming to Suffolk. His lieutenant said that he saw 15,000 of them, and that they were barefooted and very destitute of clothing.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

SUFFOLK, VA., November 14, 1862.

Major-General DIX;

With your approval will have 4,000 infantry, 1,000 cavalry, and battalions of artillery 4 miles above Franklin before dawn of Tuesday. Propose to cross cavalry and about 1,500 infantry, with one rifled cannon and two mountain howitzers, under Spear and Foster. Wish to clear all the neck to Nottoway if possible, and reach Jerusalem with cavalry.

