
Major-General PECK, Suffolk:

I approve entirely of your movements on the Blackwater. These little the successes encourage our men and habituate them to the fire of the enemy. The weather is fine. Keep a portion of your troops in motion, but let them be careful not be surprised. The immense number of cross-roads require the utmost vigilance. Finish the railroad bridge as soon as possible.

JOHN A DIX,

Major-General.

NOVEMBER 16, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Fort Monroe:

A few days since I telegraphed that Longstreet's troops had passed Petersburg, some 15,000. A deserter from Surry Court-House learned this from one of his officers, who had been to the city. A special dispatch from Washington to Philadelphia Inquirer on the 14th confirms the report by news from Culpeper. Foster's operations do not appear to have been entirely successful. They can concentrate so rapidly the chances are in their favor.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., November 17, 1862.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

SIR: I feel a strong sympathy in behalf of the people of the Eastern Shore of Virginia - Accomack and Northampton Counties. When I sent an armed force against them, giving them assurances of protection and promising them the enjoyment of all the rights of loyal citizens, they laid down their arms. They have at no time since been in rebellion against the United States; on the contrary, they have united themselves to Western Virginia; they have had two elections, and they have sent strong Union men to the Legislature and Congress. In all things they have fulfilled the conditions on which I pledged to them equality in right and privileges with the people of the loyal States. When you issued your proclamation in July last, designating the States and parts of States that were to be deemed loyal and omitting these two counties, I thought to write to you begging that they should be added to the number thus designated. I write now to make the request in order that they may be relieved from the penalties of disloyalty, and that the taint of disaffection may not rest upon a community in which no such feeling exists excepting in individual cases which may unfortunately be found everywhere. They are entitled to exemption by their loyal conduct during the last year, and the effect of such a declaration from you at this time could not fail to have a beneficial effect in other quarters. But is chiefly as an act of justice to them that I urge it, and I am sure you will appreciate the earnestness with which I press it when you consider the relation in which I stand to them.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

