
to his co-operation with me in any attempt to cut the railroad communications, and would say that such co-operation would be most desirable, as proved at Tarborough, where the re-enforcements came even from Petersburg. I can act and he assist if the line be cut south of Weldon, and he act and I assist if at Weldon, which point he can reach more easily than I.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

SUFFOLK, VA., November 18, 1862.

Major-General DIX, Fort Monroe:

In consequence of our several repeated attacks upon Franklin, Zuni, &amp;c., the rebel authorities have been led to the belief my force is large and that I have designs upon their communications. My belief is that they are bringing back all the forces taken away.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

SUFFOLK, November 18, 1862.

General DIX:

You will see that the Richmond papers of October 29, and since, are calling attention to movements on Weldon from Suffolk.

They also give it out that they are driven out of Franklin after severe fight. See Petersburg Express 27th, in Philadelphia Inquirer of 17th.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 18, 1862.

Major-General DIX, Fort Monroe;

Please give me your best opinion as to the number of the enemy now at Richmond and also at Petersburg.

A. LINCOLN.

FORT MONROE, November 18, 1862-2 p. m.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT;

My only reliable information in regard to the enemy's forces in Richmond and vicinity of Petersburg comes from a man who has not been here for four weeks. It was then 11,000 on and near the Blackwater, north of Franklin or Carrsville; at Petersburg, 700; at Richmond, 7,000; between the James and Chickahominy, 7,000; and near White House, 1,500; total, 27,200. This is my latest information. The forces at different points frequently vary, and I place little reliance on reports brought to me by deserters, stragglers, and negroes.

I sent 4,000 men to the Blackwater yesterday, intending to cross. While writing this dispatch information is sent to me by Major-General Peck, from Suffolk, that the expedition found the enemy re-enforced in

