
SUFFOLK, November 25, 1862.

General DIX:

I have a deserter from one of Wise's regiments at Drewry's Bluff. He says Wise's brigade has orders to come over to the Petersburg road in case of our advance. This man was carried to Ivor and escaped again. A six-gun battery and one regiment of infantry came there from Petersburg last week. They told him that 15,000 were at Weldon, and that we had 25,000 here.

I hope for a dash soon. The river is high and a bridge is necessary; am making one.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Monroe, Va., November 26, 1862.

Brigadier General M. CORCORAN,

Commanding, Newport News:

GENERAL: A complaint has been made to me that the colored people who are to go to Craney Island have been forced to remain all night on the wharf without shelter and without food; that one has died, and that others are suffering with disease, and that your men have turned them out of their houses, which they have built themselves, and have robbed some of them of their money and personal effects. You will inquire promptly into these complaints and redress the wrongs which have been committed, if they are truly represented to me. You will also see that the means are provided for burying the dead, and that these people are furnished with food by the commissary until they can be sent from Newport News. A boat will be sent as soon as possible. These people are in our care and we are bound by every principle of humanity to retreat them with kindness and protect them from exposure and injury in their persons and property.

Respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

SUFFOLK, VA., November 26, 1862.

Major-General DIX, Fort Monroe:

Have organized an attack upon Ivor with at least 5,000. The move would have been this day save rain and mud. Our reconnaissances show that every bridges is down and all the fords are blocked by slashing the approaches. We will have much to cut away on both sides.

The Banks command in your waters is calling the attention of the Government [enemy?] to the Suffolk line, and they may re-enforce.

Have you any data?

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, November 26, 1862.

Major-General PECK:

My last advices from Richmond, very recent, are that they have no fears of an advance on the Suffolk line, but are fortifying slowly from Petersburg to Richmond.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

