
[Indorsement.]

Write to Captain Flusser, asking for a statement of the way the troops behaved, &amp;c.*

J. G. F.
HEADQUARTERS,Plymouth, N. C., December 30, 1862.

SIR: I have to report that on the morning of december 10, a little before 5 o'clock, our pickets were driven in by a force consisting (as near as we can learn from apparently reliable sources) of at least 600 men, composed of infantry, cavalry, and artillery. After making all possible resistance our forces, of not more than 150 men in line, mostly infantry, retreated to the custom-house. This movement was made in accordance with the plan of defense which has always contemplated the firing by the gunboats upon the town if attacked by a large force. The artillery was planted so as to fire upon the gunboat. Only one boat (Southfield, Captain Behm) was here (although there are generally two and frequently more), and she arrived the day before). The captain was not acquainted with the avenues of approach to the town. The third shot from the artillery passed through the boiler of the boat, letting the steam out and crippling her. She slowly drifted down the stream, firing as she went.

The enemy proceeded to set fire to the town, and after an hour thus spent, during which our men annoyed them as they could, they hurriedly withdrew.

Three of Company I were wounded (one of whom has since died) and 15 are missing, one of whom is supposed to be dead and the others prisoners.

I herewith transmit Lieutenant Fogerty's report of his loss. I also send estimates of the loss sustained by each company.+

Several of the enemy were seen to fall, and loud calls were made for their ambulances. Several deserters have since arrived, who report that seven companies of the Seventeenth North Carolina Regiment composed the infantry.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. EWER, JR.,

Captain, Commanding Post.

Colonel RICHMOND.

[Inclosure.]

PLYMOUTH, December 30, 1862.

DEAR SIR: In obedience to your order I send you the correct list of the men wounded and taken prisoners in my company at the attack on Plymouth the night of the 10th. We had 1 man wounded, 3 taken prisoners, and more killed. This is a correct statement of the attack.

Your obedient servant,

THOMAS J. FOGERTY,

First Lieutenant, Commanding First North Carolina Cavalry.

Captain EWER.

---------------

* See "Addenda," p. 48.

+ Not found.

---------------

