
[Indorsement.]

RICHMOND, VA., December 10, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the War Department.

G. W. SMITH,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., December 4, 1862.

Brigadier General J. G. MARTIN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your letter of November 25,* inclosing an extract from the Boston Traveller, describing the alleged depredations of the army under my command in their late march up the country, I have received. In reply to your request to know whether these things were done by my order I have to state that draught animals, and in some cases carriages to be used as ambulances, beeves and pigs to subsist my men when short of provisions, and forage to subsist cavalry horses and draught animals were taken by my order. Every other species of depredation was not only not done by my orders but against them and against the strongest efforts to prevent them. On the march we found all the town almost entirely abandoned by their inhabitants, the houses in some cases cleared of their furniture, in others partly, and in some not at all. I quartered my troops in the abandoned houses only. The principal cause of the depredations which I know were committed was, I think, that so many houses contained apple brandy, and which escaped the eye of the provost-marshal. I trust sincerely that in the future marches in this State you will be pleased to find a marked improvement in all these respects, and I earnestly recommend that you urge all peaceable citizens to remain on their estates, as that course will aid me greatly in protecting their property.

I have the honor to remain, general, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 64. New Berne, December 4, 1862.

A portion of the Marine Artillery having fortified their right to any benefits from the investigating court now sitting on their case by their disgraceful and mutinous conduct in refusing work, threatening to seize an armed United States boat, threatening to abandon a post of the United States left under their care, and other conduct most subversive to good order and military discipline, it is ordered that these men be distributed as follows; To Battery C, First United States Artillery, at Fort Macon, 50 men; to Third New York Volunteer Artillery, to be distributed by Colonel Ledlie, 100 men, the balance, as may be hereafter ordered, to the volunteer regiments in this department. They will be paid, clothed, and fed according to the army regulations for the corps to which they are assigned, and it is hoped by the commanding general that the opportunity thus given them to redeem themselves by good order and honorable service under the flag of the United States will

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

