
be appreciated by the men and induce them to endeavor to become proficient, orderly, and efficient, as they are brave men.

II. That portion of the regiment which have not supported this rebellious movement but have stood to their duty will be retained under their present organization, and will be distributed to the different armed transports. They will receive, in addition to the pay of infantry soldiers, rations, and clothing, the following extra-duty pay; To those rated as experts or mechanics (including petty officers, engineers, and such others especially meritorious men as may be so rated), 40 cents a day extra; able seamen and all first-class men, 25 cents per days extra. Those men not able to do seamen's duty, boys, landsmen, &amp;c., will receive no extra pay. Recruiting for the regiment will cease until further orders.

By command of Major-General Foster:

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, DECEMBER 4, 1862.

Numbers 65.
General Orders, Numbers 63, * is hereby amended so as to read: "All the artillery in the department"-consisting of the Third Regiment New York Volunteer Artillery; Company C, First United States Artillery; Battery F, First Rhode Island Artillery; Twenty-third Independent Battery New York Volunteer Artillery; Twenty-fourth Independent Battery New York Volunteer Artillery-" is hereby formed into an artillery brigade, and will be under command of Colonel James H. Ledlie, Third New York Volunteer Artillery."

By command of Major-General Foster:

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SUFFOLK, VA., December 5, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

If Colonel D. A. Russell, of Massachusetts Volunteers, is appointed a brigadier I would be glad to have him in my command; is highly responsible, and I have but one general graduate of West Point and I have loaned him to General Foster with his brigade, an officer with whom I co-operate most heartily. Unless I can have experienced men I would rather have none, preferring to extemporize. The affair near Franklin on the 2nd was very fine. No part of the army has worked harder than this, and I have been able to make the authorities at Richmond believe that my force was from 25,000 to 50,000 men. Richmond Whig, of November 27, numbers it at 33,000.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 6, 1862.

Major-General DIX;

Who is now in command at Norfolk?

EDWIN M. STANTON.

---------------

* Of December 2, 1862. The above differs from that only in enumerating the organizations embraced in the brigade.

---------------

