
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 6, 1862.

Major-General DIX, Fort Monroe, Va.:

The Adjutant-General informs me that Jourdan has been restored. You speak of sending a brigade of your troops to General Foster; by whose authority is this done? General Foster asked for more troops, but they were refused by the War Department. All available troops will immediately be wanted in your department.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

FORT MONROE, VA., December 6, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

When in Washington, on October 30, you desired me to communicate with General Foster and co-operate with him in harassing the enemy. I wrote to him, but he being absent did not receive my letter for some time and his did not reach me till November 27. I advised you of these circumstances by letter of the 29th ultimo and that I had sent an officer to him. He came here immediately, and on conferring with him I agreed to let him have a brigade for ten days to attack Goldsborough and cut the railroad at that place. I directed General Peck to meet him at Norfolk and arrange the time. The brigade under General Wessells left Suffolk yesterday to march to Gates' Ferry, near Gatesville, where transports will be ready to receive it. I shall regret greatly if in this I have mistaken your wishes or exceeded my authority. It is not too late to recall General Wessells, if it be thought best and if I receive your order at once. I did not know General Foster had been refused troops by the Secretary of War.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 7, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Fort Monroe, Va.:

The temporary detachment of the brigade to assist General Foster is approved. Have all your other troops ready to move by the time the brigade returns or before. The transportation will be mainly by water.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Monroe, Va., December 7, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief;

GENERAL: The officer who returned with the flag-of-true boat from City Point last evening reports great activity on the part of the enemy in the whole district of country lying between Petersburg and Richmond. This accords with other advices. Numerous works are in process of construction between these points. He lay two days at City

