
SUFFOLK, December 12, 1862.

Major-General DIX:

Your telegram in respect to leave is received. You requested me to come down as soon as I could safely, which I constructed as business relative to which you desired to see me before I availed myself of the leave. Is this right, or did you wish me to stop as I passed North?

We have drawn a large force to the river since the arrangement with General Foster. If all is quiet I will visit you and return here to-morrow. We cannot use the road much beyond Windsor. I meant the enemy's cars.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, December 12, 1862.

Major-General PECK, Suffolk:

I did not wish you to come here till you are on your way home. It would be a loss of time to come and go back to Suffolk. But I am anxious that you should take your leave as soon as you safely can. How long do you propose to let Ferry remain at the river? Where were the captain and wounded men captured? Foster left New Berne yesterday morning. The enemy have retired behind their breastworks at Fredericksburg. Burnside's main force is over and a fight is expected to-morrow.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 13, 1862.

Major-General DIX, Fort Monroe, Va.:

A severe battle all day near Fredericksburg. A part of the enemy's line carried. Can you not make a diversion by a demonstration on Richmond? If so, no time should be lost.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

FORT MONROE, VA., December 13, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

In view of General Burnside's movements, as well as General Foster's I am doing all my means will allow to make a diversion. On Tuesday I went to Gloucester and reviewed the troops. Having been at Yorktown last week I arranged with General Naglee to make a demonstration in Gloucester County as far as the court-house, and farther on if he found if safe to do so. I have this moment received the following dispatch from him, dated in King and Queen County:

I have just scattered the King and Queen County cavalry and burned their barracks camp. Have taken a large herd of hogs and sheep intended for the rebel commissaries. Shall be to-morrow at Saluda, near Urbana.

My only fear is that he is going too far, as the insurgents use their railroad from Richmond to the White House. He has four regiments of infantry, a battery, and three squadrons of cavalry. Major-General Peck has just left here, and will you to-morrow morning. The en-

