
[Addenda.]

UNITED STATES STEAMER COMMODORE PERRY,

Plymouth, M. C., December 30, 1862.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Dept. of North Carolina, New Berne, N. C.:

DEAR GENERAL: Admiral Lee wishes me to remove the guns from Cobb's Point and further demolish the battery, if you have no objection.

Concerning the behavior of the troops here the other day, I hear that Sergeant Clift and some of the North Carolinians behaved well. I found some of the Massachusetts men and some of the North Carolinians at the custom-house when I arrived.

Captain Ewer was on board the Southfield, 1/2 miles down the river. I asked where his men were, and he said he did not known, but hoped most of them were in the swamp. The fact is, so soon as the Southfield fell back (which she ought maybe not to have done) Ewer got frightened, left his men, and went on board. The whole affair was disgraceful, and the more so, as it has since been ascertained that the attacking party, those who entered the town, did not exceed 200 men. I shall write you again to-morrow.

Kind regards to your staff.

Sincerely, yours,

C. W. FLUSSER,

Lieutenant-Commander.

Numbers 2. Report of First Lieutenant Jonathan T. Mizell, Company C, First North Carolina Infantry (Union).

PLYMOUTH, N. C., December 16, 1862.

SIR: I resume my seat for the purpose of informing you of the attack the rebels made upon our little village, and I should judge from all the information I can gather and from what I saw they numbered some 450 strong - 300 infantry, 3 pieces of artillery, and 70 cavalry. About 4.30 o'clock they drove our pickets in with a volley from their infantry, and in fifteen minutes our company was in line, and as the odds were too great for our little force I deemed it most prudent to fall back in the rear of the custom-house, and before we could all get in the building they had planted their pieces of artillery on the wharf and had fired some three rounds at the Southfield, and the third fire disabled her boiler. After they found she was disabled and dropped down the river they moved their field pieces on the corner opposite headquarters, but not without loss of some men. They commenced to shell the custom-house, and as they passed down the street in small groups our men would let the lead fly at them to the best advantage, and I do assure you our little North Carolina volunteers behaved most nobly. They were calm and collected, much more so than I expected. Sergeant Clift was informed that the rebels lost 15 killed and 30 wounded, some mortally and some slightly, and the information he got yesterday corroborates the other statements we received. I gear they had four wagon loads of killed and wounded. Our men never received a scratch. The North Carolina Cavalry lost 3 men prisoners and 1 wounded. Company I, of Massachusetts, lost 14 prisoners, 1 wounded, and 1 missing. One man on the Southfield lost a leg. We sustained considerable loss from fire. The best and most of the principal part of the town are

