
general of this department October 9, 1862, said three bills amounting in the aggregate to $1, 479.34, I respectfully ask for such an order.

There are arrears now due for several months, which, like those that have accrued in the military service, are unpaid; but they are within the authority of the quartermaster and will be paid when he is in funds without any further order. The amount of these arrears, December 1, is about $16,590.91, making the sums before mentioned, an aggregate of $31, 435.95 now due for contraband labor.

2nd. In order to remove the contraband women and children from contact with the camps-a contact injurious to both-they have been transferred to Craney Island, where quarters are in preparation for them, and where they will be required to furnish such labor as they are able to perform in picking oakum, fishing, &amp;c. It is respectfully asked that the needful authority be given to supply rooms for schools and places of worship at moderate expense for them. The Government having adopted the policy of receiving these fugitives, and, by implication, promised them protection and security, it is respectfully submitted that some provision should be made for their intellectual and religious as well as for their physical wants.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Petersburg, Va., December 13, 1862.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding U. S. Forces, New Berne, N. C.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 4th instant, inclosing a copy of one addressed by you to General J. G. Martin, has been received.

War, even when conducted by the acknowledged rules of Christian nations, inflicts so many evils on society that they should not be increased, by the lawless acts of soldiers.

It affords me much gratification to learn that the acts of depredation referred to in my letter "were not only not done by your orders but against them and against your strongest efforts to prevent them," and it is to be hoped to future cause for complaints will be given by your forces.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, December 14, 1862.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding, &c., Department of North Carolina:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 10th is just received. At the present time it is not possible to send you any of the re-enforcements asked. If you should be unable to make any considerable advances into the interior it is hoped, that you will keep employed a large force of the enemy by your demonstration. Later in the season we shall probably be able to give you additional troops. That, however, must depend upon the condition of affairs elsewhere.

Very respectfully,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

31 R R-VOL XVIII

