
Two of them will be needed - one to take the sick and convalescents left here and another to take horses now here belonging to the expedition. As Corcoran is not to go, what shall be done with the two other transports when try arrive?

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 21, 1862.

Major-General DIX, Fort Monroe, Va.:

The convalescents, stores, horses, &amp;c., belonging to General Banks' expedition will be sent forward. It will be determined in the course of two or three days whether Corcoran's brigade will go or not. In the mean time the two transports for that purpose will await orders. Give us all the information you can about the enemy's movements.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

FORT MONROE, VA., December 21, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

My man has arrived from Richmond. General Anderson's division, reported 13,000 strong, from Hanover County; the division of one of the Hill's from the direction of Fredericksburg, 9,000 strong, and Hood's from Richmond Fair Grounds, about 8,000 strong, have all gone south from Richmond since Monday, the 15th. Fifty-three pieces of artillery, some of which came from the direction of Fredericksburg, were sent across Mayo's Bridge toward Petersburg on Wednesday night. It was reported at Richmond that a large force was coming up the James River to land at City Point, and this may have led to the movement of artillery. On Wednesday night the Richmond iron-clad got her commissary stores on board. There has been great activity in Richmond the last week in the movement of troops through the city in a southerly direction, but by informant could not say where they went after leaving the city; heard that one brigade went toward the Blackwater; thinks the rest went to Weldon. He left Richmond Thursday. I have found his former statements accurate.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

SUFFOLK, VA., December 21, 1862.

Major-General DIX:

Give me the pontoons and I will take command of the expedition and leave General Spinola in command here during my absence, or I will see the colonels and get them to volunteer to serve under Colonel Foster cheerfully.

O. S. FERRY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH CORPS,Yorktown, December 21, 1862.

Colonel D. T. VAN BUREN, Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Since my return I have sent three reconnoitering parties, one of which captured three horses and some prisoners. Captain Parker has

