
burned up. The families of our men were left without a change of clothing, and they are in a distressed condition. Besides, we have lost all of our books, pay and muster rolls, and a quantity of clothing belonging to the men; some ammunition. They captured nothing from the Government, but pillaged private dwellings, &amp;c. I believe I have given all of the particulars that I can think of a present.

I must speak of something else in your last communication. You wrote to send the names of the twelve men that are to be transferred to the cavalry company, and inclosed you will find them a piece of paper, and when you write to me I would be glad if you will send me the original muster-roll, so we can get the time of enlistment of them, as all of ours were destroyed by fire in Sergeant Clift's house, with all of his property. Also please send me a morning-report book; monthly and weekly reports also. I should be glad to have a descriptive and company clothing book; and by complying you will greatly oblige.

Yours, respectfully, &c.,

J. T. MIZELL,

First. Lieutenant, Commanding Company C, First N. C. Infantry.

Colonel E. E. POTTER.

P. S.- DEAR SIR: We have not yet received our equipments that were left at Roanoke Island, and as soon as I can make it convenient I shall dispatch Sergeant Clift for them. Please answer soon.

Numbers 3. Report of Major General Samuel G. French, C. S. Army.

PETERSBURG, VA., December 12, 1862.

Plymouth, N. C., was attacked by our forces under Lieutenant Colonel [John C.] Lamb, of the Seventeenth North Carolina Regiment, and captured on the 10th instant at 5 a. m. The enemy's loss severe; 25 prisoners and 75 negroes taken. Town reduced to ashes. We had 1 captain and 6 men wounded; none killed. The gunboat protecting the town was driven away disabled.

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General.

General S. COOPER.

DECEMBER 11-15, 1862.- Reconnaissance from Yorktown to Gloucester, Matthews, King and Queen, and Middlesex Counties Va.

Report of Brigadier General Henry M. Naglee, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE,Yorktown, Va., December 16, 1862.

COLONEL: I would respectfully report that being in command during the absence of General Keyes and believing a little active employment would be of service to the men, on the 11th instant, at 6.30 a. m., I ordered the Fifty-second Pennsylvania, Colonel Dodge; Eleventh Maine, Colonel Plaisted; to One hundredth New York, Colonel Dandy; the Fifty-sixth New York, Major Wheeler; Battery H. First New York,

4 R - VOL XVIII

