
WASHINGTON, D. C., December 23, 1862.

Major General J. G. FOSTER, Fort Monroe:

Consult fully with General Dix and then come to Washington.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

UNITED STATES FLAG-STEAMER PHILADELPHIA,

Hampton Roads, Va., December 23, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, U. S. A.,

Commanding Seventh Army Corps, Fortress Monroe:

GENERAL: The Belvidere, steamer, with supplies for the army, was stopped by the guard vessel below Norfolk because she was not on the certified list of the army steamers furnished by you and had no the certificate from the quartermaster, Colonel Thomas, as proposed by you and agreed to by me. On learning the facts I ordered that the Belvidere should pass up to Norfolk. Will you be good enough to issue such instructions as will prevent a recurrence of the inconvenience arising from the omission to comply with the simple and easy arrangement made at your instance and which the guard vessels have been instructed to comply with?

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, yours,

S. P. LEE,

Actg. Rear-Admiral, Commanding N. Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 24, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Fort Monroe, Va.:

It is decided that you send 12,000 men to General Foster's command. Those for whom you have transports will be sent to Beaufort and the others marched across to the Chowan. Please answer immediately how many you can send by sea. The troops should be good ones, leaving the new ones in the forts. I hope to send you a couple of regiments from here. This movements must be made in all haste. As soon as General Foster comes in I will telegraph again.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

FORT MONROE, VA., December 24, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

If I can take the two sailing vessels intended to carry Corcoran's brigade to General Banks I can send 3,500 men to Beaufort by sea. I can also send 1,800 by barges through the canal to Albemarle Sound. My force from Suffolk can move to-morrow, if necessary, but it shall not reach the Chowan River till the means of transportation are there. The steamers here are, with two exceptions, rive crafts and not fit to go to sea. There will be no inconvenience in using the two transports of Banks' expedition temporarily, as I can retain his convalescent and sick at present. The troops will take tents and camp equipage. Shall those which go by water take rations?

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

