
earthworks at Yorktown and Gloucester Point have never been authoritatively named. The officers at Gloucester Point, however, have called the work after myself, Fort Keyes, and I would beg leave to suggest for the work here the name of the major-general commanding the department. May I be informed if these names will be recognized?

Besides the work at Yorktown and Gloucester the only other work is Fort Magruder, about 1 1\2 or 2 miles below Williamsburg, garrisoned by a company of the Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

The armament of these works is as follows:

Fort Magruder.- One 24-pounder howitzer, four 12-pounder howitzers, one 6-pounder (iron) carriage, one coffee-mill (Union repeating).

At Yorktown.-Nine 8-inch columbiads, fifteen 20-pounder Parrotts, one 8-inch siege howitzer, eight 32-pounders, iron (smooth), four 10-inch mortars, five 12-pounder howitzers (brass), ten 3-inch ordnance guns (light batteries), two 100-pounder Parrotts, one coffee-mil (Union repeating), fourteen 12-pounder brass Napoleons (light batteries), one 42-pounder, iron (smooth), five 30-pounder Parrots, one 32-pounder carronade, one 32-pounder, (light ship gun), one 10-inch columbiad.

At Gloucester Point.-The only armament consists of one battery (four guns) of 3-inch guns.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General, Commanding, Corps.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Monroe, Va., December 26, 1862.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

SIR: In your order authorizing me to permit the people of Norfolk to send to the loyal States the products of their labor the Nansemond River was not included. Suffolk is at the head of navigation, and the river is used by us in transporting our supplies to our troops there. There are oysters, shingles, and other articles on the river belonging to Northern people as well as to the people of Norfolk, and wanted in the loyal States. May I ask the extension of my authority to permit these articles to go North, by a new order from you, that of November 12 not being constructed by Admiral Lee to cover these cases.

The inclosed papers, which I beg to have returned to me, show the hardship of the cases referred to. * I take the liberty to annex the order I need for your consideration, and am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

EXECUTIVE MANSION.

Ordered, That the order of the 12th of November, in regard to trade with Norfolk, be extended to Suffolk and the Nansemond River, so far as the commander of the department shall deem necessary for military purposes.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

