
FORT MONROE, VA., December 26, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

General Foster left last evening for New Berne. The troops commence embarking at Yorktown to-day. The transports will be obliged to return from Beaufort and take another load, as General Foster can only take 4,000 from the Chowan. The International is lost near Smith's Island. He cargo will be saved. My force fit for duty is less than 25,000. I shall have but 12,000 left. I shall have but 5,000 at Suffolk and 2,50 at Yorktown. On the Blackwater there is a large force, and since Naglee's expedition the rebels have occupied Gloucester County, and General Keys writes me they are menacing Gloucester Point. Twenty thousand men is the smallest number than can be relied on to hold Williamsburg, Yorktown, Gloucester, this for, Norfolk, and Suffolk. I earnestly request that I may be re-enforced before the troops for General Foster's command get away. They embrace nearly every regiment that has been under fire. I lose, also, General Naglee and General Ferry, my only brigadiers who have any experiences in the field, except General Viele, who cannot at this moment be spared from Norfolk. I asked for the promotion of Colonel Afford, of the Third New York Volunteers,to the rank of brigadier. He will be needed at once. If General Lockwood can be spared from the Eastern Shore of Virginia I should like to have him. My new troops need experienced generals.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

SUFFOLK, December 26, 1862.

Major-General DIX, Fort Monroe:

There are reported for duty this morning in my brigade, 3, 324; in Spinola's, 3,411; in Gibbs' (including 250 of Wessells' men), 3,057.

Hence it appears that by adding one regiment to either of the brigades the 7,000 ordered will take but two brigades. Which two shall I send? Please answer soon as possible.

O. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General.

FORT MONROE, December 26, 1862.

Brigadier-General FERRY:

Take Spinola's and add to it a regiment of 600 men, and put Wessells' men in your brigade. Naglee has many sick, and I must take 7,500 from your command.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,No., 144. Washington, December 26, 1862.

* * * *

VI. Brigadier General H. D. Terry, U. S. Volunteers, will report for duty to Major General John A. Dix, U. S. Volunteers, Fort Monroe, Va.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

