
WASHINGTON, D. C., December 30, 1862.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Falmouth:

General Dix telegraphs that in order to succeed in his own and Foster's operations it will be necessary that you occupy and press the enemy so as to prevent large detachments.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

FORT MONROE, VA., December 30, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

When I telegraphed you in regard to my force I had before me the last return from Suffolk, which did not embrace the four last-arrived Pennsylvania regiments, so that after sending 12,000 men to Foster my aggregate for duty was 15,000 instead of 12,000. The addition of the Fort Delaware and One hundred and fifteenth New York, now here, gives me an effective force of 16,900.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

DECEMBER 30, 1862.

Major-General DIX, Fort Monroe:

The ship at Norfolk draws 14 1\2 feet of water. No vessel drawing more than 9 feet can enter the harbor of my destination. The captain of the ship has sealed order and no other. I fear he will carry my regiment a way from its destination. My men have but three days' rations from this morning. If the vessel is to sail, much more will be needed; if to be towed by steam-tugs, they will still require more than they have.

O. S. FERRY,

Brigadier-General.

DECEMBER 30, 1862.

Major-General DIX, Fortress Monroe:

I have turned over the command of this post of General Corcoran, who ranks me. I have sent the Sixty-seventh Ohio Regiment 610 men, and the convalescent sick, and officers of the quartermaster's department of Spinola' brigade, numbering in all nearly 200 more, together with the ammunition and camp and garrison equipage of the Sixty-seventh Ohio, to Norfolk this morning to embark on the transport expected there this morning according to your dispatch of yesterday. When can I expect more transports, and how many?

O. S. FERRY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,New Berne, N. C., December 31, 1862.

Major General S. G. FRENCH,

Commanding Department of North Carolina, Petersburg, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose of a letter addressed to me by His Excellency Edward Stanly, Military Governor of North Caro-

32 R R-VOL XVIII

