
I believe everything has been done that was possible. If you transports had not failed every man would have been with you to-day. As it is, the last will only be two days behind.

Wishing you every success, I am, yours, truly,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

UNOFFICIAL.] HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, SEVENTH A. C.

Fort Monroe, January 3, 1863.

[Major-General HALLECK:]

MY DEAR GENERAL: When I came here I undertook to examine all cases of disloyalty and misdemeanors of all sorts, but I was compelled to give it up. To relieve myself of his labor, impossible for me to perform, I appointed a provost judge, who was tried all such cases and sentenced to punishment. All capital cases have been referred to military commissions. Those which have been brought before him are cases of theft, rioting, &amp;c. The criminals were both black and white. The highest penalty he has ever inflicted is imprisonment for sixty days. My authority to issue such an order has been questioned. To me it seems very clear. There is no civil magistrate in this county, or, indeed, in any part of the territory constituting my department. I should be glad, if I am right, to be fortified by your opinion, which I only ask for my own satisfaction. A single word in reply will oblige me.

I am, dear sir, truly, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY CORPS, Numbers 6. Fort Monroe, Va., June 27, 1862.

Captain John A. Bolles, aide-de-camp, is hereby appointed provost judge, and as such authorized and ordered to hold a court for the trial of all cases, civil and criminal (not military), that may arise within the limits of this command and be brought before him, under such rules and regulations as he may establish; said court to be held at such times and places within this command as he may designate.

Captain Bolles will appoint one or more provost clerks, whose duty it will be, under his direction, to issue all orders, writs, and processes requisite to the prompt and efficient administration of justice, and also to preserve full and accurate records of the proceedings of said court. The several provost-marshals and their deputies to whom such orders, writs, and processes are directed will execute the same, without delay, in accordance with the precepts therein contained, and the same will be respected and obeyed as orders from these headquarters.

Full authority is given to Captain Bolles as provost judge to hear and try all causes, civil and criminal (not military), which may come before him, and to determine and decide the same as far as may be conformable with the established laws of the United States and of the several States applicable thereto, and where such laws are not applicable or are not sufficient for the ends of justice, according to his best judgment and understanding of the principles of justice, equity, and good conscience, subject in all cases to appeal from his decisions to the major-general of the army corps.

By command of Major-General Dix:

D. T. VAN BUREN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

