
Rappahannock, and the James Rivers, where cities, towns, and private residences, as a rule, have been burned or battered down by your land and naval forces.

I regret very much that in this street fight a woman was killed. It was first brought to my knowledge by a letter which was received from you, and it should be regretted that accidents of the same kind occurred from the batteries of General Burnside when they opened on the city of Fredericksburg.

Surgeon Hunt was riding with a party of soldiers when he wa killed, and in the official report to me he was called and believed to be a lieutenant in command of a scouting party. I will at once, general, write to the captain of the company to which the attacking force belonged and do all in my power to find the watch, and if successful will send it to you that you may place it in the hands of his relatives.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding.

FORT MONROE, January 7, 1863.

Major-General PECK, Suffolk:

General Foster is here and is leaving for New Berne. Will send the transports back him immediately. The officer in charge was to have awaited your orders. I fear they cannot be back till Saturday. If you cannot keep Ferry supplied with rations he must forage on the country. Send him a courier. It mat be necessary to keep the enemy's attention occupied in the direction of Franklin so that Ferry may not be molested. I expect to send you more troops shortly. Rosecrans' victory is complete.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

SUFFOLK, January 8, 1863.

Major-General DIX:

Spear was still near Holland's at 6 p. m., and reported a very large force of the enemy going down toward Windsor to-day.

JOHN. J. PECK,

Major-General.

UNITED STATES FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA,

Hampton Roads, Va., January 8, 1863.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, U. S. A.,

Commanding Seventh Army Corps, Fort Monroe:

GENERAL: I have to acquaint you with the fact that I was prevented from entering the gate in front of headquarters this evening by the sentinel on post there. I complain not of the sentinel, but of the order under which he represented that he acted after I had announced my name and station.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. LEE,

Actg. Rear-Admiral, Commanding N. Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

