
Sergeant Garrett, with a squad of men, went to Street's Ferry and exchanged thirty or forty shots across the river with some of the enemy posted there. He also burned a picket station on this side of the river but destroyed no boats. Meanwhile I thoroughly scoured the country on the right of the railroad, from Core Creek to Batchelder's, finding none of the enemy or any sign of their being encamped. Having accomplished the order, and having no forage to last over night, I marched (after feeding at the bridge) my command to their respective camps, where they are at 5 p. m. this day in excellent condition. I believe from what I can learn there are less than 500 of the enemy holding the country at and beyond Core Creek. Found the roads beyond Batchelder's Creek very good, but this side very bad indeed.

Respectfully,

GEO. W. COLE,

Major, Third New York Volunteer Cavalry.

NEW BERNE, January 9, [1863.]

Colonel S. H. MIX,

Commanding Third New York Volunteer Cavalry:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report, in obedience to orders, in regard to the alarm at the brick-yard picket camp near railroad bridge, in charge of Captain Doane, Forty-third Massachusetts Regiment, on the night of January 7:

I was with my command at the railroad bridge, and at about 10 o'clock several muskets were fired at the station of Captain Doane, and messengers sent to find the cause stated, through Captain Whytal, commanding post, that Captain Doane "had seen the enemy" - saw bayonets glisten; they were coming out in the open field - and that Captain Doane requested the cavalry sent down, &amp;c. Having been consulted by Captain Whytal in regard to firing the monitor, I thought it not worth while, but he, knowing the parties, must judge. Presently I heard her four shots; one shell exploded. I then sent Lieutenant Sheldon, Company K, Third New York Cavalry, and Captain Pond, Company M, to make personal examination, and they reported "mo sign of an enemy," as I supposed at first from the character of the firing; about thirty or forty shots in all. All was hen quiet.

Respectfully,

GEO. W. COLE,

Major, Third New York Volunteer Cavalry.

FORT MONROE, VA., January 10, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I have sent the following to General Peck at Suffolk:

I have reliable information from Richmond that 10,000 infantry, 600 cavalry, and two batteries of artillery, with from 150 to 200 wagons left Richmond on Tuesday las, crossing the James River. The wagons would indicate that they were not going far south. It will be well to set inquiries on foot in the direction of the Blackwater, and warn Colonel Spear of the possibility of his being assailed by a superior force.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

