
zens, which, from the effect immediately apparent, I believe the most effectual.

I found several large herds of hogs an sheep on the road to the commissariat at Richmond, and I did not hesitate to turn their direction toward our lines. With almost equal want of hesitation I directed my quartermaster to take horses, cattle, sheep, and cows from those who had an abundance, and report to me an accurate account of everything taken, and from whom taken, that a proper record be kept to meet any demands hereafter.

Among some 15 or 20 prisoners taken, one-half of them were of the army. I found Captain Seawell, a prominent citizen of the counties named that dragged Virginia into secession, and who I found engaged in forming new companies of rangers.

I take great pleasure in referring to the conduct of Captain Hall, who charged and ran five times his number of the King and Queen Cavalry through their encampment. His command marched over 90 miles, and performed their duties to my entire satisfaction.

Major McCandless deserves special notice, but I regret that I cannot include his command, some of whom procured whisky by threatening the families of private residences.

To Colonel Plaisted and his regiment I return unqualified thanks for the unexceptionable manner they performed every duty.

The military conduct of the rest of the command was good, but much censure is due to the officers and their men for petty thieving practiced upon the people of the country. The conduct of the Fifty-sixth New York was disgraceful in this respect, and I have arrested the commanding officer and shall prefer charges against him.

In conclusion I would report that the four days' reconnaissance to Matthews, Gloucester, King and Queen, and Middlesex was entirely successful, and that the objects for which it was made have been fully accomplished.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

HENRY M. NAGLEE,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel D. T. VAN BUREN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Virginia.

