
barked. The baggage and camp equipage of the command will be taken to Beaufort by the troops. Twelve hours' notice will be given when the brigade is to start.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major General J. G. Foster:

[SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

UNITED STATES FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA,

Newport News, Va., January 13, 1863.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, U. S. A.,

Commanding Seventh Corps, Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: Under the condition of my instructions from the Navy Department I have instructed the commanding officer of the guard vessel off Fortress Monroe to give permits to loyal citizens who will give security not to go up the creeks in, or to violate the rules of, this blockade, to take up oysters in Willoughby's Bay, Elizabeth River below Norfolk, Craney Island Flats, Hampton Bar, and York River below the guard vessel. My instructions necessarily prohibit oystering in Back River, Nansemond River, James River above Newport News, Western Branch of Elizabeth River, and all the creeks in this blockade. With the last boarding returns from the Mystic is your permit to the schooner Franklin to ship oysters from back River to Baltimore. I have called Lieutenant-Commander Arnold's attention to this as being in conflict with his instructions, and I respectfully request that you will not give permits to vessels to ship oysters except within the limits specified.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, yours,

S. P. LEE,

Actg. Rear-Admiral, Commanding N. Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

FORT MONROE, VA.,

January 14, 1863 - 3.30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECk,

General-in-Chief:

A transport is on the way here to take the one hundred and fifteenth New York Volunteers, now at Yorktown, to the Department of the South. I renew the request for another regiment in its place. I should like very much two or three regiments more at Suffolk, and they will be indispensable if the enemy should attack with a large force.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH CORPS,Yorktown, January 14, 1863.

Major-General DIX,

Commanding Department:

Yesterday I went to West Point in the gunboat Mahaska to reconnoiter. Some 40 or 50 rebel cavalry were seen on the right bank of the Pamunkey, near its mouth. I took along a squad of cavalry and 100 infantry and captured and brought in 27 head of cattle about 3 miles above West Point.

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General.

