HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Monroe, Va., January 15, 1863.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Eighteenth Army Corps.

GENERAL: I send my aide-de-camp, Major Dix, to you, to advise you that 20,000 sand-bags and 2,000 shovels and spades have been ordered to you form New York. Major-General Halleck advises me that there is no company of Sappers and Miners which you can have. Everything has been sent to you except a few ambulances. I trust the steamer Convoy has arrived. It is the only one that has come here suitable to the service. From her light draught and great capacity I trust you will find her just what you want. If anything more is required I shall be happy to forward it.

With my best wishes for your success, I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 22. New Berne, January 15, 1863.

The commanding general learns with deep regret of the insubordinate conduct of the Ninety-sixth New York Volunteers on the night of the 13th instant. It is the duty of commanding officers to use every effort to promote the comfort of the troops, their prompt payment, &amp;c. This has been done. The commanding general has asked for, and is in hourly expectation of receiving, funds to pay those who have not been paid for a long time. The course of the soldier, if any neglect is shown in his case, is to make a respectful petition or remonstrance on the matter, but to obey. The recent acts of the Ninety-sixth were mutinous, and such as all good soldiers should be ashamed to have shared in. The only effect can be to lay the men open to trial for mutiny and consequent punishment, and cannot hasten, certainly, their desires. The duty of a regimental officer is to use his efforts to put down any attempt at insubordination, mildly if he can, by force and arms if he must. The officers of the Ninety-sixth and those regiments to which the mutineers went lamentably failed in their duties as commanders, or the breach of discipline referred to would have been promptly punished.

The commanding general hopes that no officer or soldier will again so fail in his duty. Another offense will surely meet its punishment.

By command of Major-General Foster:

[SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT MONROE, VA.,

January 16, 1863 - 7.30 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief U. S. Army:

Colonel Ludlow just returned from City Point. He learned that six regiments were sent from Petersburg to the Blackwater on Monday and Tuesday last. General Pryor is 7 miles this side, and there is no doubt that he has been strongly re-enforced.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

