
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 26. New Berne, January 19, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel Francis Darr is hereby announced as chief commissary of subsistence on the commanding-general's staff, and will he obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Major General J. G. Foster:

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Monroe, Va., January 20 1863.

Actg. Rear-Admiral S. P. LEE,

Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron:

ADMIRAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of yesterday with an extract from a report from Lieutenant-Commander Flusser in regard to an illicit trade carried on between Norfolk and Richmond. I shall refer it to General Viele, and take prompt measures with a view to the detection of the parties engaged in this traffic. Will you please direct Lieutenant-Commander Flusser to report the nature of the goods destroyed and the names of the persons who were engaged in smuggling them within the Confederate lines? If he will hereafter take into custody and deliver to the officer in command at Roanoke Island any parties engaged in illicit trade, that they may be sent to me, I will see that they are punished; or if he will advise you of any such arrests I will send for the parties wherever they may be. The most rigid rules have been adopted at Norfolk in regard to goods permitted to leave the city. Not a sack of salt is allowed to go out without a permit, and the name of the person to whom it is given is registered. The same rule is enforced in regard to all other articles. In one case $3,000 worth of goods were allowed to be taken into Princess Anne County for sale. The person to whom the permit was given, in violation of his engagement, took them to Norfolk Carolina, We followed him and captured him and the property a few miles from the point on the Chowan from which Lieutenant-Commander Flusser writes. He is now in Fort Norfolk, where I shall keep him, and the property will be sold at auction for the benefit of the poor.

Every effort has been made to prevent illicit traffic; but in view of the lawlessness of a large number of the parties engaged in trade in Norfolk - all of whom, by the by, have taken the oath of allegiance - I decided two days ago to grant no more permits to take goods there at present, excepting for the use of the troops.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

UNITED STATES FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA,

Newport News, January 20, 1863.

Major General JOHN A. DIX,

Commanding Seventh Army Corps, Fortress Monroe:

GENERAL: I respectfully submit for your further information regarding the traffic between Norfolk and Richmond a copy of the report to me from Lieutenant Flusser, commanding United States steamer Com-

