
in the direction of Wilmington. The destruction of bridges and obstruction of roads indicates an apprehension of our forces being on the advance in that direction.

I shall take every precaution in my power to leave everything safe at this place and shall spare no spare everything safe at this place and shall spare no efforts to make the expedition a perfect success. I think I can assure you that there will be no failure if you will give me further re-enforcements in case I find them indispensable.

I am not apprehensive about the reported concentration of forces at Goldsborough, for I hardly think that the rebels will venture on an attack while their own towns are in danger, and certainly not if any signs of movement are made by the Army of the Rappahannock.

I have the honor to be, general, will great respect, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, January 20, 1863.

Major General J. G. FOSTER, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am informed by several gentleman, residents of Elizabeth City, that there are in that town about 250 negroes armed and daily drilled by officers of the Army of the United States. I also learn that Captain Sanders is in command.

If the President commands this, officers of the Army are expected to obey.

In his proclamation "that such persons (slaves) of suitable condition will be received into the armed service of the United States, to garrison forts, positions, stations, and other places, and to man vessels of all sorts in said service," he has not ordered, as far as I can hear, that every subordinate officer at every posy can receive negroes into the service without some regulations from headquarters.

Is every provost-marshal or captain or judge of the suitable condition" of the negroes?

Are no instructions to be given that they are not to be sent out into the field or allowed to go on foraging excursions, committing pillage and robbery at discretion?

My attention has been called already to several instances of this kind, I have promised to and do invoke your assistance to prevent if possible the most deplorable calamities that will fall upon loyal citizens and experience do not now control them.

I most earnestly solicit your attention to this matter, and that I may be authorized to inform our loyal fellow-citizens that no inexperienced subordinate shall without your sanction, and until proper restraints are provided, incur the danger of a servile war.

Very respectfully, &c.,

ED. STANLY,

Military Governor.

DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,

New Berne, January 20, 1863.

Major-General FOSTER, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I have just received a letter from Edenton of date the 6th instant informing me that a band of negroes and soldiers, armed, visited

