
two others; remained with the boat while the steward went for his wife and children; helped him put his family, &amp;c., on board the Ocean Wave. Made no threats myself and heard none except from the mayor, Mr. Norcom; am still deck-hand on the Ocean Wave.

[Inclosure.]

JANUARY 5, 1863.

Captain TUTTLE:

You may stop at Edenton and bring the steward's family to new Berne.

JAMES C. SLAGHT.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., EIGHTEENTH A. C.,New Berne, N. C., January 21, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

A. A. G., Eighteenth Army Corps, New Berne, N. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in accordance with orders received from the general commanding I marched with three regiments of my brigade and a battery under Captain Ransom, Twenty-third New York Independent Artillery, on the morning of the 17th instant for Pollocksville, reaching that place the same evening, after rebuilding the bridge over Mill Creek, which had been destroyed by the enemy.

The road leading from Pollocksville to Trenton we found blockaded with felled trees at Pollocksville for some 500 yards. This was speedily cut away by mr. Wilson, chief of the civil pioneer corps.

The Third New York Cavalry, under Colonel Mix, remained with my command at Pollocksville and preceded it next morning to trenton, previous to which movement we effectually destroyed the bridge over the Trent at Pollocksville. Leaving at this place five companies of the Fifty-first Massachusetts, with the remainder of my command and the cavalry I occupied Trenton on the night of the 18th, burning the bridge over Trent River at this place and also the mill and all the timber and planks available for its speedy reconstruction. Colonel Mix, with his regiment, proceeded to the bridge 5 miles above for the purpose of destroying it, but found the bridge already on fire, the enemy having anticipating us after crossing on the road to Kinston. On his return Colonel Mix reported the route to Onslow via Comfort heavily blockaded with felled trees; so abandoning that route proceeded directly to Young's Cross-Roads, which place as well as Pollocksville I also occupied with my infantry, remaining at the former place with the larger part of my infantry and all the artillery during the day and the night following the 20th instant, while Colonel Mix proceeded to scout the road to Onslow. Colonel Mix's own report will doubtless detail the result of this scout. I returned with my command to this place on the 21st instant. Our advance on the southern route in force seems to have been anticipated by the enemy. The plantations were generally deserted and frequent obstructions placed in the roads, bridges destroyed, &c.

The energy, activity, and general efficiency of Mr. Wilson deserve especial mention. I beg leave respectfully to call the attention of the general commanding to the valuable assistance he afforded us during the entire march.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. J. C. AMORY,

Colonel Seventeenth Mass. Vols., Acting Brigadier-General.

