
awaiting transports expected to move on the 23rd or 24th. Rebels in North Carolina had been largely re-enforced from the army in Virginia, and Wilmington has been re-enforced. Main body of the enemy was at Goldsborough. Weldon was not strongly guarded, the rebels relying on Pryor's force on the Blackwater to protect that point. General Foster thinks there may be 75,000 rebel troops in North Carolina. This is the substance of a dispatch from him, which will go to you by this evening's mail.

I have reason to believe that a portion of the force on the Blackwater ten days ago has been sent to Goldsborough by way of Weldon.

Some 4,000 or 5,000 men will be sent to-day from Suffolk to the Blackwater to reconnoiter, and ascertain, if possible, what force Pryor has. The One hundred and fifteenth New York has been sent to the Department of the South from Yorktown.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., January 27, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The Richmond Inquirer of this morning has the following:

GOLDSBOROUGH, N. C., January 25, 1863.

A respectable refugee, just arrived from Beaufort, reports the Abolitionists' fleet, ninety-two sail, including two monitors and six other iron-clads, in Beaufort Harbor. Also that 52,000 Abolitionists are encamped at Morehead City and Carolina City. General Robertson has just returned to Kinston from a reconnoitering expedition through Jones and Onslow Counties. He reports that a company of cavalry, Captain Perkins, surprised a party of Abolitionists last Friday at Big Northeast Bridge, near Jacksonville, Onslow Court-House, killed 1 captain and 5 privates and routing the balance. No loss on our side.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

YORKTOWN, January 27, 1863.

Major-General DIX:

Colonel Lewis telegraphs an attempt was made this morning to capture our pickets. About 12 shots were fired by the enemy, but no one hurt or captured. All is again quiet, the enemy having retired. Last night at about 9 p. m. it was reported from Gloucester Point that the enemy was approaching our pickets there. Nothing further this morning. I respectfully call your attention again to the increase of my force, which is necessary.

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIFTY-EIGHTH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,Camp at Batchelder's Creek, January 27, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that immediately on receiving the orders to ignore passes and close our lines I made arrangements and gave directions for carrying them into effect.

34 R R - VOL XVIII

