
No. 24.-Major Abram Zabriskie, Ninth New Jersey Infantry.

No. 25.-Brigadier General Henry W. Wessells, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, Peck's Division, of operations December 5-21.

No. 26.-Lieutenant Colonel Abijah J. Wellman, Eighty-fifth New York Infantry, of engagement at Kinston, December 14.

No. 27.-Colonel Lewis C. Hunt, Ninety-second New York Infantry, of engagement at Kinston, December 14.

No. 28.-Captain George W. Hinds, Ninety-sixth New York Infantry, of engagement at Kinston, December 14.

No. 29.-Colonel Joshua B. Howell, Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations December 13-17.

No. 30.-Major Alexander W. Taylor, One hundred and first Pennsylvania Infantry, of engagement at Kinston, December 14.

No. 31.-Lieutenant Colonel Wilson C. Maxwell, One hundred and third Pennsylvania Infantry, of engagement at Kinston, December 14.

No. 32.-Lieutenant Colonel Horace A. Manchester, First New York Marine Artillery, of naval operations on the Neuse River, December 12-15.

No. 33.-Major General Gustavus W. Smith, C. S. Army, commanding Department of North Carolina and Southern Virginia, of operations December 13-18.

No. 34.-Lieutenant Colonel Walter H. Stevens, C. S. Engineers, of operations December 16-17.

No. 35.-Brigadier General Nathan G. Evans, C. S. Army, commanding Brigade, of operations December 13-17.

No. 36.-Colonel Peter Mallett, North Carolina Battalion, of engagement at Kinston, December 14.

No. 37.-Brigadier General Thomas L. Clingman, C. S. Army, commanding Brigade, of engagement at Goldsborough Bridge, December 17.

No. 38.-Lieutenant Colonel Stephen D. Pool, C. S. Artillery, of engagement at Goldsborough Bridge, December 17.

No. 39.-Brigadier General Beverly H. Robertson, C. S. Army, commanding Brigade, of engagement at White Hall, December 16.

No. 1. Reports of Major General John G. Foster, U. S. Army, commanding the Department of North Carolina.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Kinston, December 14, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that I left New Berne for this place on the 11th, but that owing to the bad roads and consequent delays to train, &amp;c., I did not reach Southwest Creek (5 miles from this town) till the afternoon of the 13th. The enemy were posted there, but by a heavy artillery fire in front and vigorous infantry attack on either flank I succeeded in forcing a passage and without much loss.

This morning I advanced on this town and found the enemy strongly posted at a defile through a marsh bordering a creek. The position was so well chosen that very little of our artillery could be brought in play. The main attack therefore was made by the infantry, assisted by a few guns pushed forward on the roads. We succeeded, after five hours' hard fight, in driving the enemy from their position. We followed them rapidly to the river; the bridge over the Neuse at this point was prepared for firing and was fired in six places, but we were so close behind them that we saved the bridge. The enemy retreated precipitately by the Goldsborough and --- roads. Their force was about 6,000 men, with twenty pieces of artillery. The result is we have taken Kinston, captured eleven pieces of artillery, taken 400 or 500 prisoners,

