
from that command would be very essential. One of the brigades here would enable us to move larger commands and make detachments with safety to them and this place. How strong is the Ninth Corps?

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, February 12, 1863.

Major-General PECK:

The Ninth Corps is 15,000 strong.*

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

HAMPTON ROADS, February 13, 1863 - 7.30 p. m.

General H. W. HALLECK,

Commander-in-Chief U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

I have just arrived from the South to obtain more heavy guns and ammunition.

I have reconnoitered the whole coast from Charleston to the Ogeechee River, and can give full information of the state of affairs both naval and military. While the ordnance is being loaded I can come to Washington to report in person, and with your permission I will do so.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding Eighteenth Army Corps.

FORT MONROE, February 13, 1863.

Major-General PECK:

My man will return to Boston [Suffolk] to-night. Facilitate him in getting through our pickets. He is to be back in thirty days with important information.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

[FEBRUARY 13-18, 1863.- For correspondence between Halleck and Foster, in relation to return of the latter to South Carolina, see Series I, Vol. XIV, pp. 400, 402, 403, 408.]

FEBRUARY [16,] 1863.

Major-General FOSTER,

Commanding Department of North Carolina:

SIR: On the 5th of January, 1863, at 10.30 o'clock p. m., as Lieutenant Sanders was walking in company with three other men on the principal street in Elizabeth City, N. C., they were fired upon by a party of guerrillas from behind some brick walls, the ruins of burnt buildings. One of the men was killed instantly. My brother walked to his quarters and died in half an hour from the time he received the wounds. The company immediately turned out and succeeded in capturing two of the murderers with their guns in their hands. We captured several others, but without their arms. They were placed in prison to await an investigation, which was held, and the innocent set free.

---------------

* Some details omitted from this dispatch.

---------------

