
The murder of Lieutenant Cox and family occurred on the morning of the 9th of February, 1863, in the following manner: He being a resident of Pasquotank County, and living 16 miles from town, went down for the purpose of moving his family to the city. On his return he was attacked by a gang of guerrillas, who came upon him from a thicket and fired a volley, killing him and a girl of four years old instantly and wounding the wife so that she died on the 13th instant. Three other men of my company were wounded, 1 mortally, 1 badly, 1 slightly.

The team ran to the city, but without any one to tell what had become of its riders, but the marks of blood on the carriage gave evidence of foul play. I immediately sent out an expedition, which returned in the evening with the bodies of Lieutenant Cox and child. This caused great excitement among the people, both civil and military, who urged that something be done to avenge, if possible, or at least to set an example to prevent the committing of such brutal outrages. I was asked by many take all of those prisoners who could be proven guilty of being guerrillas and have them shot. I was not myself in favor of doing so; but when I thought the matter over deliberately I ordered one prisoner, by the name of A. White, to be brought out and shot, which was done a brother of Lieutenant Cox, for which I hold myself personally responsible.

E. C. SANDERS,

Captain, Commanding Post at Elizabeth City.

SUFFOLK, VA., February 16, 1863.

Major-General DIX:

Major Stratton made a general reconnaissance in the direction of Blackwater, driving in the pickets about Carrsville, capturing 4 sabers, 1 Sharps' carbine, several blankets, and provisions. He examined contrabands who stated Pryor's force about Franklin at 11,000, and that 7,000 were at Black Creek Church with cavalry and "right smart artillery," making 18,000. These agree very nearly with the reports made some ten days since. Major [Stratton] and Captain Loomis credit the reports as to the 7,000 and place Pryor's at 7,000 or 8,000 also. Captain Loomis made the captures.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, February 16, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Providence, R. I.:

If agreeable to you to resume the command in North Carolina and of the Ninth Army Corps, please come to Washington.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

PROVIDENCE, R. I., February 17, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

Your dispatch is received. I leave for Washington at once and will report to you in person.*

A. E. BURNSIDE.

---------------

* Burnside assumed command of the Ninth Army Corps March 17, 1863.

---------------

