
and found a large amount of quartermaster's and commissary stores. Our loss will not probably exceed 200 killed and wounded.

I march to-morrow at daylight on Goldsborough. From that point I return to New Berne, whence I will make a more detailed report.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER.

Major-General HALLECK.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., December 20, 1862.

GENERAL: Referring to mine of the 14th instant, from Kinston, I have the honor to inform you that I succeeded in reaching Goldsborough and in burning the railroad bridge of the Weldon and Wilmington Railroad at that point. The bridge at Mount Olive I also destroyed, and about 4 miles of track. I encountered and defeated the enemy at Kinston, White Hall, Thompson's Bridge, and Goldsborough.

My loss in killed, wounded, and missing will not exceed 400.* The enemy's loss I have not ascertained. I have taken nine pieces of artillery, about 500 prisoners, and destroyed some quartermaster's and commissary stores.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER.

Major General H. W. HALLECK.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., December 27, 1862.

GENERAL: Referring to my letters of December 10, 14, and 20, I have the honor to report that I left this town at 8 a.m. of the 11th with the following forces:

General Wessells' brigade of General Peck's division (kindly loaned to me), Colonel Amory's brigade, Colonel Stevenson's brigade, Colonel Lee's brigade-in all, about 10,000 infantry; six batteries Third New York Artillery, 30 guns; Belger's battery First Rhode Island Artillery, 6 guns; section of Twenty-fourth New York Independent Battery, 2 guns; section of Twenty-third New York Independent Battery, 2 guns-total, 40 guns, the Third New York Cavalry, about 640 men.

We marched the first day on the main Kinston road about 14 miles, when, finding the road obstructed by felled trees for half a mile and over, I bivouacked for the night, and had the obstructions removed during the night by the pioneers.

I pushed on the next morning at daylight. My cavalry advance encountered the enemy when about 4 miles from the bivouac of the previous night, and after a sharp but brief skirmish the enemy were routed with some loss. On arriving at the Vine Swamp road I ordered Captain Hall, with three companies of cavalry, to push on up the main Kinston road as a demonstration, while the main column proceeded by the Vine Swamp road to the left, thereby avoiding the obstructions and the enemy on the main road. Captain Hall encountered the enemy in some force, but after a severe fight whipped them, taking 18 prisoners and killing a number. The march of the main column was somewhat delayed by the bridge over beaver Creek being destroyed. This was rebuilt, and I pushed on, leaving a regiment (Fifty-first Massachusetts) and a section of artillery (Twenty-third New York) at the bridge to hold it and to protect the intersection of the main road and the road I was on, to

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.60.

---------------

