
at this place and vicinity, with the respective dates of assignment and numbers of the flags assigned to such vessels.*

I would also respectfully state that the omission to supply you with the list before was on account of my having supposed that due notice was also given you by the chief quartermaster, Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas, at the same time he furnished it to these headquarters.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. T. VAN BUREN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT MONROE, February 19, 1863.

Major-General PECK:

I am very much dissatisfied with Colonel Dodge and his management. He has allowed his men to plunder the country, and they are now deserting to the enemy. The President has recommended him to the Senate for brigadier-general. This ought not to be.

I think you had better sell Mrs. Portlock's goods at auction. Apply proceeds to public use.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., February 19, 1863.

General H. W. HALLECK,

Commander-in-Chief U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I have just had a conversation with Admiral Lee, in which he informed me that hist gunboats in the sounds of North Carolina will soon be ready to operate up the Roanoke, Tar, and Neuse Rivers, for the purpose of destroying some iron clad gunboats reported to be building there.

He desire my co-operation, which I propose to give with all my available force. I can do this the more effectively if the Ninth Army Corps be ordered to assist.

If the disposable transportation be limited I think could manage with the few remaining boats in the sounds to transports this force in detachments from Winfield, on the Chowan River, to the point where the force will be used.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Volunteers.

UNITED STATES FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA,

Newport News, February 19, 1863.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, U. S. A.,

Commanding Seventh Army Corps, Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: I have received from your assistant adjutant-general a communication dated February 18, inclosing a list of steamer in the employ of the Government at Fortress Monroe and vicinity. I beg to be informed of these are to be considerable as additional to those included in the lists sent me in your letters of October 20 and 23. I fear that some irregularities have been occasioned by my not having been promptly

---------------

* The list, in which alterations were frequently made, is omitted.

---------------

