
supplied, agreeably to the arrangement agreed upon in October, with the names of steamers as they were added to or taken from the original list. Under this arrangement steamers may enter and pass out of the Roads without being recognize as in the employ of your department. To avoid any abuse which might arise out of this custom I have to request that you will issue orders that all steamers shall communicate with the guard vessel in passing between the hours of sunset and sunrise. I will instruct the outer guard vessel accordingly.

I have also to request that you will direct that the flag-of-truce steamers shall be required so to arrange their movements as not to pass the blockade at Newport News at night, as by doing so they are liable to be fired into.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, yours,

S. P. LEE,

Actg. Rear-Admiral, Commanding N. Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

NORFOLK, February 20, 1863.

Major-General DIX:

General Peck's information seems to tally with the reports brought to me that 15,000 men will move in this direction through Princess Anne County. I have examined three men to-night. They are very much frightened and believe all they say.

EGBERT L. VIELE,

Brigadier-General.

SUFFOLK, VA., February 20, 1863.

Major-General DIX, Fort Monroe:

General Viele has doubtless communicated the information received by him in respect to a contemplated raid or movement of the enemy in this direction. Reports come in from contrabands of re-enforcements from Richmond.

Major Stratton will go to Gatesville and South Mills to-morrow to watch that country.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

SUFFOLK, VA., February 20, 1863.

General VIELE, Norfolk:

Major Stratton will start in the morning for Gatesville and South Mills and will watch that section.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Monroe, Va., February 20, 1863.

Actg. Rear-Admiral S. P. LEE,

Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron:

ADMIRAL: I have just received your communication of yesterday.

The list of steamers sent you by Colonel Van Buren yesterday shows

