
The delay in bringing the case before you was caused by your absence and by accidentally mislaying Captain Edgar's letter.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

UNITED STATES FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA,

Off Newport News, Va., February 24, 1863.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, U. S. A.,

Commanding Seventh Army Corps, Fortress Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: I beg leave to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of February 23, covering a letter from Captain Edgar, of the steamer Thomas A. Morgan, in regard to an alleged forcible intrusion into that vessel by Lieutenant Blake, of the Navy, and the seizure and confinement by him of the clerk of that steamer.

This matter will receive prompt attention and the result will be communicated to you as soon as practicable.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

S. P. LEE,

Actg. Rear-Admiral, Commanding M. Atlantic Blockading Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., February 28, 1863.

Captain W. E. Blake, Provost-Marshal:

CAPTAIN: You will on receipt of this send Mr. Newbould, the correspondent of the New York Times, out of the department. He has more than once misrepresented the condition of things here. I had last evening a dispatch from Major-GeneraL Peck informing me that one of Mr. Newbould's statements in regard to matters in his command was untrue. Representations in regard to a department in contact with the enemy should not only be prudent, but true; and Mr. Newbould in his zeal for the press with which he is connected has not taken pains to ascertain the truth of his statements, rendering correction necessary, or creating uneasiness which no correction is in time to repair. He is obviously a sensationalist and this in no place for him.

I am, respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Monroe, Va., February 28, 1863.

Actg. Rear-Admiral S. P. LEE,

Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron:

ADMIRAL: The officer in command of the guard vessel took from the captain of the steamer Planter, which arrived here this morning with troops, his original orders, handing him the copy, which I inclose. I respectfully ask that they may be returned to me. They constitute, with the indorsement of the quartermaster here, the evidence of the performance of the service for which the steamer was chartered, and are necessary for the adjustment of the captain's account with the Quartermaster's Department.

45 R R - VOL XVIII

