
ARTILLERY BRIGADE.

Brigadier General J. H. LEDLIE commanding.

3rd New York Artillery.

23rd Independent New York Battery.

24th New York Battery.

1st Rhode Island Artillery Battery F.

1st U. S. Artillery, Company C.

CAVALRY.

Colonel S. H. MIX commanding.

3rd New York Cavalry.

UNATTACHED.

Brigadier General EDWARD E. POTTER.

1st North Carolina (Union) Volunteers.

FORT MONROE, VA., March 2, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

A demonstration was made on the enemy's lines yesterday which brought out a considerable force. An attack was to have been made on one of his batteries last night, but was probably postponed for want of boats, to be brought from Norfolk. Every effort will be made to ascertain promptly his strength. I telegraphed General Peck on the subject last night, after my return from Suffolk, in consequence of a dispatch from General Butterfield stating that Hood's and Pickett's divisions were reported in Hooker's front. I have just received a dispatch from General Peck in which he says deserters from Pickett's division state that they saw Pickett yesterday and that no brigades have gone from Longstreet's command. They received orders to be ready to move last night, but the orders were countermanded. One of the deserters, a Texan, says that Hood was there yesterday. Jenkins' division is before Suffolk. I will directed General Peck to make a reconnaissance in force, and will be ready to make the movement referred to by you promptly.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,New Berne, March 2, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have received information that the corps d'armee of Major General D. H. Hill is within the limits of this State and that he commands this department. General Longstreet's corps, it is thought, has gone either to the southwest or to the vicinity of Charleston.

I referred in my last letter to some iron-clads being constructed on the Tar and Roanoke Rivers. It is understood that the one on the Roanoke River is nearly completed, and to prevent its being destroyed by our gunboats before it is ready for service the enemy have assem-

