
FORT MONROE, VA., March 11, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief U. S. Army:

I have just received the following dispatch from General Peck:

SUFFOLK, VA., March 11, 1863.

General JOHN A. DIX:

The Fifty-second and Fifty-fifth North Carolina and two Mississippi regiments are among the late arrivals; deserters say large regiments; that General Longstreet has command, with headquarters at Petersburg. He sent a division to Charleston, which is returning to Petersburg for Fredericksburg. Two regiments, Virginians, under orders for Petersburg from Blackwater.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

SUFFOLK, March 11, 1863.

Major-General DIX:

Charleston Mercury of 26th February has the following:

Longstreet's division of Lee's army is in motion. Some 15,000 passed through Richmond. They took the route pointing to the south side of the James.

This has been verified by the general reports since about that time. Of late, some reported a division going to South Carolina. To-day the deserters say it is back again, and will probably go to Fredericksburg.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,New Berne, N. C., March 11, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Referring to my letter of March 2 I have the honor to report that the reconnaissance of General Prince has returned and reported. General Prince proceeded up the south side of Trent River to Trenton, meeting with no opposition; he found the bridges over the Trent at that point not rebuilt. He then retracted his steps for Pollocksville; thence to Young's Cross-Roads; thence crossing the White Oak River to Onslow. The cavalry force under his command thoroughly scouted the country between White Oak and New Rivers, scattering all the small parties of the enemy in that vicinity. After obtaining all information possible he returned.

A reconnaissance, under command of Brigadier-General Potter, and consisting of a portion of the Fifty-first Massachusetts Volunteer Militia, a section of artillery, and detachment of cavalry, proceeded to Swansborough, on White Oak River. They met with no opposition.

A reconnaissance was sent up Trent road toward Kinston, consisting of the Twenty-fifth Regiment, under command of Colonel Pickett, and two companies Third New York Cavalry, under Captain Jacobs. A portion of this command proceeded to within 12 miles of Kinston, surprising an outpost of the enemy (two companies) at that point, capturing 5 prisoners, their camp equipage, &amp;c.

