
placed in. I then ordered Colonel Stevenson's brigade, with Belger's Rhode Island battery, forward. The Twenty-fourth Massachusetts supported this battery, and the Fifth Rhode Island, Tenth Connecticut, and Forty-fourth Massachusetts were ordered forward, the two former on the left of the road and the latter on the right, to support the regiments there in pushing the enemy and turning that flank.

The Tenth Connecticut advanced steadily to the extreme front, relieving two of Wessells' brigade, which were short of ammunition, and after receiving a terrible fire for some twenty minutes made a most gallant charge in conjunction with the Ninety-sixth Regiment New York Volunteers of General Wessells' brigade, which, with the advance already made (slowly, but surely) of the entire line, forced the enemy to retreat precipitately for the bridge over the Neuse, which they crossed, firing the bridge, which had been prepared for that purpose. Several regiments were so close, however, that about 400 prisoners were taken from the enemy. A line was formed to the river and the fire extinguished before great damage was done.

The Ninth New Jersey and Seventeenth Massachusetts Regiments and General Wessells' brigade were at once crossed, pushed into the town, and halted. I ordered the bridge to be at once repaired for the crossing of cavalry and artillery.

General Evans retired about 2 miles from town with his command and formed line of battle. I sent a flag of truce to inquire whether he proposed to surrender. He declined. I immediately prepared to attack him, but knowing that he had three light batteries and one section to start with, was unwilling to sacrifice my men, and waited for my artillery to cross. I ordered Batteries E and I, Third New York Artillery to shell the enemy with their 20-pounder Parrotts (four in number) from the opposite bank, and crossed Colonel Amory's brigade with all dispatch; but before I could attack the enemy they had retired, and it being by this time night I was unable to pursue; moreover, my object was accomplished.

The troops bivouacked in the field beyond the town that night; a provost guard was established for the protection of the town and all necessary precautions were taken. I sent Captain Cole, Company K, Third Regiment New York Cavalry, down the east bank of the Neuse to a work commanding the river. He reported it deserted, with six guns in position, and the work to be of great strength. I sent the company back with teams to bring up the guns and blow up the magazine Captain Cole being unable to remove the two heavy guns, one 8-inch columbiad and one 32-pounder, destroyed them, and brought back four field pieces complete. These, with two others deserted by the enemy and the one taken by the Ninth New Jersey, I sent to New Berne, under escort of Captain Cole's company (K) Third New York Cavalry.

The next morning, the 15th, I recrossed the river and took the river road for Goldsborough. I left a strong guard of cavalry in the town, under Major Fitz Simmons, to make a demonstration on the Goldsborough road on that side of the river. Colonel Ledlie, Third New York Artillery, remained to destroy commissary and quartermaster's stores and burn the bridge. Major Fitz Simmons advanced some 9 miles in the direction of Goldsborough, when hearing the whistle of a locomotive, he fired three shots in the direction of the sound, upon which the train immediately returned in the direction of the sound, upon which the train immediately returned in the direction of Goldsborough. Colonel Ledlie, before leaving Kinston, destroyed a locomotive, a railroad monitor, &amp;c.

I advanced without opposition to within 3 1/2 miles of White Hall, where I halted for the night. I sent Major Garrard with three companies

