
have no apprehension of attack, but if the rebels come we will try to give them a warm reception. I have sent my men to quarter on Grice's plantation.

Yours, with respect,

FRANCIS L. LEE,

Colonel Forty-fourth Regiment Massachusetts Vol. Militia.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS,Washington, N. C., March 16, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel HOFFMAN;

DEAR SIR: I have to report that I know nothing of the movements of the enemy except that we have heard from the direction of Plymouth and Williamston and nothing doing in that direction. I hear of nothing in the direction of Greenville beyond Tranter's Creek upon the opposite side of the Tar River. I hear nothing and of course have nothing to report. The enemy have not allowed any communications across the river for some days. Everything, so far as we know, about our lines remains the same as usual.

I am, in great haste, respectfully, yours,

LUKE LYMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

WASHINGTON, N. C., March 16, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Eighteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: Since my first note I am informed by the provost-marshal that one of Mr. Grice's family slaves states that "massa says the d-d Yankees will smell hell here before next Saturday night."

The said Grice is preparing to move himself and family out to a plantation which he says is about 3 miles out. When I asked him why he moved he said, "Well, it is best for a family man to be in a quiet place, and when the lightning plays one can't tell where it will strike." I am informed several of the secesh families are moving from the place. I may feel called upon to detain these emigrants, but in regard to that I shall consult with Colonel Lyman.

Colonel Lyman thinks it unwise to close the lines to-night, but Grice's departure will depend upon what we may learn hereafter. I send the above for what it is worth, thinking you perhaps would be the better judge of that.

Your obedient servant,

FRANCIS L. LEE,

Colonel Forty-fourth Regiment Massachusetts Vol. Militia.

FORT MONROE, March 17, 1863.

Major-General PECK:

I do not intend that General Dodge shall command the cavalry force at Suffolk. I shall make some other arrangement if he is put on duty in my command.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

36 R R-VOL XVIII

