
WASHINGTON, D. C., March 18, 1863.

Major General JOHN G. PARKE:

General Halleck says to take Willcox's and Sturgis' divisions. Tell Getty he will follow very soon.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, VA.,

March 18, 1863-8 p. m.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE:

Willcox will commence the embarkation to-morrow. General Dix loaned the command a number of tents, and he wishes them returned. Both Willcox and Sturgis will require shelter-tents. I will get their requisitions and forward them to you. General Smith is absent. I will get a list of the staff belonging to the corps now on duty with it and send it to you for disposition.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

NEWPORT BARRACKS, N. C., March 18, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel SOUTHARD HOFFMAN:

COLONEL: I have learned from persons who have come from the vicinity of Peletier's Mills, about 17 miles from here, that there was a large force of cavalry at that place last Saturday night, but went away Sunday-some set the number as high as 1,500-and that General Robertson was in command. Their wagons were left at Smith's Mill on White Oak River. It is said there was a brigade in that vicinity, but nothing has been heard of them since Sunday. The two companies of cavalry stationed at this post are out in that direction (Peletier's) to-day, with instructions to learn if possible what troops they were.

Yours, &amp;c.,

J. M. STUDLEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

SUFFOLK, VA., March 19, 1863.

Major General JOHN A. DIX:

One brigade of Pickett's division, commanded by General Bratton, is at Franklin (the First, Fifth, Sixth South Carolina, and First South Carolina Sharpshooters constitute a part of his command); General Colston's brigade of North Carolina and Mississippi troops is here-all under Longstreet, who is near Petersburg. The two other brigades of Pickett's are near the railway, some miles this Side Petersburg. Baker's cavalry came from Raleigh, 1,000 strong. The servant of Colonel Baker says that General Hill would attack New Berne or had already done so. This he overheard.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

