
which arrived recently from Goldsborough, N. C. Second, Eleventh, and Forty-second Mississippi are part of brigade. Says he is sure of four brigades. Some North Carolina regiments are there also. Has family in Pontotoc, Miss., and is tired of the war.

Have sent an order to Lieutenant James, as requested.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FORTY-FOURTH Regiment MASS. VOL. MILITIA,Washington, N. C., March 20, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Eighteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: Since my note of March 16 I have deemed it prudent to keep the lines here closed. The cavalry have made daily scouts upon the Jamestown and Greenville roads, and we have gathered only this: That it seems to be a general impression upon the minds of all the inhabitants, white and black, outside the rebel lines, that we are likely to be attacked at any time, and that the enemy have considerable forces in motion in this vicinity.

Lieutenant-Colonel Lyman does not seem to think there is much chance of an attack; still I have thought best to make every p reparation in my power, and we will try to give them a warm reception if they come.

The last news we have heard of the enemy's movements was that Pryor's brigade was at Greenville on Monday and that Pettigrew's brigade was between Swift Creek and Greenville on Tuesday, moving slowly up toward that place, stripping the country of provisions of every description.

To-day we have a report of the supposed presence of a force ("right smart," be that large or small) at Tranter's Creek. I will venture to suggest that if you have any reason to apprehend any immediate attack here a battery of artillery, say Belger's, and a company of cavalry would greatly strengthen the defense. The rain has been heavy here to-day and yesterday, which it is thought may delay their attack if they still contemplate one.

I am, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS L. LEE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

SUFFOLK, March 21, 1863.

Major-General DIX:

Nothing new. Storm still continues. Snow 4 inches. Is it not time for your peddler [spy] to return? He will be able to report much information, especially about matters on this side James River.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

UNITED STATES FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA,

Off Newport News, Va., March 21, 1863-5 p. m.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, U. S. A.,

Fortress Monroe, Va.:

Reconnaissance to-day show no occupation of the old rebel forts at Day's Point and Burwell's Bay on the right bank of James River.

S. P. LEE,

Actg. Rear Admiral, Commanding N. Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

