
FORT MONROE, March 26, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK:

General-in-Chief:

I have received the order relieving General Viele, but no one is assigned to the position of Military Governor of Norfolk. It is a place always, and especially at this moment, of the greatest importance and delicacy, and it needs a mann of promptness, decision, prudence, integrity, and capacity to bear labor and annoyance. I am trying by a military commission incendiaries, blockade runners, and other malefactors, and though the sentences are not divulged, it is understood that they are very severe. I subjoin a dispatch from General Viele, just received:

NORFOLK, March 26, 1863.

Major-General DIX:

If the regiment you spoke of sending here could come at once I think it would be well. An attack was made last night on the pickets at Fort Norfolk. Dr. Green, the rebel surgeon, withdrew his parole at dark and requested to be confined. This excited suspicion, and the pickets were doubled. At the same time an attempt was made to fire the public stores in the city. I have taken stringent measures. I think the arrest and trial of Spence and Drummond and others has excited their friends to organize for their release. I h ave directed that all fire-arms shall be at once delivered to the provost-marshal, and shall no o ne in the streets after 9 o'clock.

EGBERT L. VIELE,

Brigadier-General.

I have in my possession one of the combustibles with which it was attempted to fire the public stores, very artistically constructed. The theater is to be closed to-night, and the streets ordered to be cleared at 9 o'clock.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, March 26, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK,

Genera-in-Chief:

I will not leave until everything is quiet and until General Keyes returns. It is very important that he should come back as soon as possible. General Busteed asked my permission this morning to burn Williamsburg.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

YORKTOWN, March 26, 1863.

Major-General DIX:

GENERAL: A telegram has just reached me that our pickets at Williamsburg were fired on this morning by a number of the enemy's infantry. A continual warfare of this character is kept up against us at and about the town. I am of the deliberate judgment that the only way of our immunity lies in the destruction of Williamsburg, and if you will approve it I would give the inhabitants notice that upon a repetition of these attacks the place should be destroyed. The town is a stronghold of rank traitors.

RICHARD BUSTEED,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

