HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Monroe, Va., March 30, 1863.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Department of North Carolina:

GENERAL: I received your letter in regard to occupying the District of North Carolina north of Albemarle Sound and east of the Chowan River and forwarded it to the General-in-Chief, not being authorized to send troops out of this department except in cases of emergency and for temporary purposes.

I also received yours of the 25th, dated Chowan River, &amp;c., and immediately telegraphed to the General-in-Chief a summary account of the expedition of Colonel Brown, of the Forty-second North Carolina Regiment, and its results.

It will afford me great pleasure to co-operate with you in every way possible in furtherance of the objects of the Government.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

Internal and Coastwise Intercourse.

By the President of the United States of America.

A PROCLAMATION.

Whereas in pursuance of the act of Congress approved July 13, 1861, I did by proclamation, dated August 16, 1861, declare that the inhabitants of the States of Georgia, South Carolina, Virginia, North Carolina, Tennessee, Alabama, Louisiana, Texas, Arkansas, Mississippi, and Florida (except the inhabitants of that part of Virginia lying west of the Allegheny Mountains, and of such other parts of that State, and the other States hereinbefore named, as might maintain a loyal adhesion to the Union and he Constitution, or might be from time to time occupied and controlled by forces of the United States engaged in the dispersion of said insurgents) were in a state of insurrection against the United States, and that all commercial intercourse between the same and the inhabitants thereof, with the exceptions aforesaid, and the citizens of other States and other parts of the United States was unlawful, and would remain unlawful until such insurrection should cease or be suppressed, and that all goods and chattels, wares and merchandise coming from any of said States with the exceptions aforesaid, into other parts of the United States without the license and permission of the President, through the Secretary of the Treasury, or proceeding to any of said States, with the exceptions aforesaid, by land or water, together with the vessel or vehicle conveying the same to or from said States, with the exceptions aforesaid, would be forfeited to the United States. And whereas experience has shown that the exceptions made in and by said proclamation embarrass the due enforcement of said act of July 13, 1861, and the proper regulation of the commercial intercourse authorized by said act with the loyal citizens of said States:

Now, therefore, I Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States, do hereby revoke the said exceptions, and declare that the inhabitants of the States of Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina, Tennessee, Alabama, Louisiana, Texas, Arkansas, Mississippi, Florida, and Virginia (except

