
troops are kept at Washington. Our force is not very large, and I may have to call on you for a little aid. We have no transportation.

I write this for your information, and relying on your kind assistance if desirable.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General Volunteers.

P. S.-There is a fair prospect of success for the rebels at Washington, and if they succeed this place ought to be attacked. I only suggest to you, general, as "food for thought," whether it would not be best to re-enforce this place with, say 5,000 men temporarily? We are sadly in need of gunboats. Cannot you prevail upon Admiral Lee to re-enforce here temporarily? I have written to the admiral, or, rather, the senior naval officer here has done so.

Very respectfully,

I. N. PALMER.

FORT MONROE, April 2, 1863.

To the Editor of the New York Times:

Your Washington correspondent has attributed to me an opinion I have never expressed to any one here or elsewhere-that the enemy is about to evacuate Richmond. I have no information to warrant such a conclusion. I should not deem it necessary to contradict the statement if you had not made it the foundation of an elaborate editorial.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

NEW BERNE, N. C., April 2, 1863.

Major General JOHN A. DIX,

Commanding Department of Virginia, Fort Monroe:

GENERAL: Captain Murray, of the Navy, who has been the senior naval officer here, will see you and explain the situation of affairs. His ideas of the kind of re-enforcements needed coincide with mine. Your letter to General Foster, in which you state that you will be obliged to consult the commanding general before sending forces to Elizabeth, was received this morning. I gather from that letter that you would not probably act upon my request of yesterday. Should you do so, however, and should the necessity for the re-enforcements be passed, I shall keep a small steamer on the lookout for any transports to turn them back. The commodore (Murray) will be able to inform you of matters generally. There is a large force of the enemy in this State, and they appear to be determined to assume the aggressive.

Very respectfully, yours,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT MONROE, VA., April 3, 1863-8.30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

A division has arrived on the Blackwater from Petersburg and another division, under General Hood, is said to be coming. They have brought

