
pontoons with them. This looks like a design to cross the Nansemond River, between Norfolk and Suffolk, where there is a weak spot. I directed General Peck to fortify it. He has done so, and besides the troops there we have three gunboats, one of which will be constantly in motion. Washington, N. C., has been attacked. General Foster is there and re-enforcements are going to him. He fears an attack on New Berne. A gentleman from Massachusetts, just arrived at Suffolk, says the railroad between Goldsborough and Weldon is lined with troops, he thinks 30,000; the rebels say from 50,000 to 75,000. They say they have between Blackwater and Wilmington 75,000 which can be concentrated in a short time. I will be in Washington on Monday morning.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

UNITED STATES FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA,

Off Newport News, April 3, 1863.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, U. S. A.,

Commanding Seventh Army Corp[s, Fortress Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: Mr. Hume, a citizen of New York, came to me this morning presenting a letter from General Viele in his behalf, asking permission to take a vessel to Suffolk to carry some staves thence to norfolk. Having no authority to give such a permit, I told him that if he had a proper permit from General Dix he could pass. Since then I have considered that my instructions do not clearly indicate my authority to pass merchandise to or from Suffolk under your permit, and I have therefore instructed the commanding officer of the guard vessel in the Nansemond to allow no vessel with merchandise to pass, except under the specified permit from one of the three Secretaries.

I shall at once ask the Department for a definition of my authority in this respect, and hope that until I am instructed on the point in question you will abstain from giving permits allowing general traffic to or from Suffolk.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, yours,

S. P. LEE,

Actg. Rear-Admiral, Commanding N. Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 88. Washington, April 3, 1863.

The following orders in respect to the regulating of intercourse with the insurrectionary States, the collection of abandoned property, &amp;c., are published for the information and government of the Army and of all concerned:

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, March 31, 1863.

For the purpose of more effectually preventing all commercial intercourse with insurrectionary States except such as shall be authorized in pursuance of law, and of securing consistent, uniform, and efficient action in conducting such intercourse as shall be so authorized, and for the purpose of carrying out the provision of an act of Congress entitled "An act to provide for the collection of abandoned property and for the prevention of frauds in insurrectionary States," approved March 12, 1863, it is the prevention of frauds in insurrectionary States," approved March 12, 1863, it is hereby ordered-

I. That no officer of the Army of the United States nor other person connected therewith shall authorize or have any interest in the transportation of any goods,

