
officers of the Quartermaster's Department who furnish such transportation to the agents of the Treasury Department, and also, through the ordinary channels, to the Quartermaster-General at Washington, in order that the said expenses may be reimbursed from the proceeds of sales of such transported property.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

UNITED STATES FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA,

Off Newport News, Va., April 4, 1863.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, U. S. A.,

Commanding Seventh Army Corps, Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: I was not aware until making inquiries on receipt of your letter of the 2nd instant that the ordnance storehouse was used as a domicile. I at once directed Lieutenant-Commander Phenix to have the family now there removed, and have forbidden the use of any fire or light in the building except such lights in such lanterns as are actually necessary. The Bureau of Ordnance has established its depot at Fortress Monroe, on shore, where it is supposed to be safe and most convenient, and desires to add to it. The subject of the purchase of another hulk or sailing-ship for ordnance stores is already before the Bureau.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, yours,

S. P. LEE,

Actg. Rear-Admiral, Commanding N. Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

APRIL 4, [1863].

Major-General KEYES,

Commanding, Yorktown:

I shall leave this afternoon for Washington.* I hope not to be absent more than ten days, though my leave is for fifteen. Nothing will be done in the department without your orders except the regular details of duty. If in anything you cannot communicate satisfactorily by telegraph my chief of staff can go to yorktown, or if you are able to leave to come here my quarters are at your service. I have promised General Peck in case he is attacked to send for the Ninth New York Volunteers, which is at Camp Hamilton and belongs to Getty's division.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Suffolk, Va., April 4, 1863.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I am honored with your communication of the 2nd touching the strengths and position of my troops; also the strength and position of the enemy in my front. As these data may have an important bearing upon your operations I most cheerfully proceed to give you the desired information.

By the inclosed map you will perceive that a large district is under

---------------

*Left on the 5th.

---------------

