
The Tenth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers, under Lieutenant-Colonel Leggett (as they always have done), behaved in the most gallant and dashing manner, making a charge under a fire which in twenty minutes killed and wounded 90 men out of 340.

Colonel Porter, of the First North Carolina Volunteers, acted on my staff, and was of the greatest aid and assistance to me by his coolness and observation.

I must particularly mention the conduct of Lieutenant George W. Graham, Twenty-third New York Battery, acting as aide to Colonel Heckman. Throughout the entire march he was conspicuous for his venture-some courage, and at Goldsborough, in company with Lieutenant B. N. Mann, Seventeenth Massachusetts Volunteers, advanced and fired the bridge under the fire of the enemy's infantry and artillery. He only escaped capture by jumping from the bridge down the bank. Lieutenant Mann was wounded.

The artillery force, under Colonel Ledlie, was well placed and well served, and the commanding officer and the batteries, without exception, did most excellent service.

The Third New York Cavalry, though not acting as a regiment, were in all cases prompt, brave, and efficient, as shown in the body of my report.

Much credit is due to Mr. H. W. Wilson, engineer, who, in charge of the pioneers and force of contrabands, did most excellent service in building bridges, repairing roads, &amp;c.

I inclose to General E. A. Hitchcock the lists of paroled prisoners, numbering 496.*

I herewith inclose lists of the killed, wounded, and missing, showing an aggregate of 90 killed, 478 wounded, and 9 missing.+

Among the killed I must mourn Colonel Gray, of the Ninety-sixth New York Regiment. He was killed at the head of his regiment at the Kinston Bridge. Though but a few days in this department he had already won the high esteem of all here.

In the charge of the Tenth Connecticut they lost Captain H. A. Wells and Lieuts. W. W. Perkins, T. D. Hill, and J. C. Coffing, all good and excellent officers, who died doing a gallant duty.

For many details of distinguished services of individual officers I beg to refer to the bridge and regimental reports herewith inclosed.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, No. 81. New Berne, December 26, 1862.

The commanding general desires to thank the troops under his command for the new proof of their courage and steadiness afforded by the recent expedition. The veteran brigade of General Wessells and the troops of this department alike did their duty as soldiers well.

By order of Major General J. G. Foster:

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Omitted.

+But see revised statement, p.60.

---------------

