
many days everything has indicated the offensive on his part, and I have confidently expected an attack. Up to this time my own opinion and that of my commanders has been that no troops ought to leave this point, and you are indebted to me for them.

On the reading of Palmer's letter, in the hands of Major-General Keyes, on the 6th, I said send a strong brigade from this point at once and as many more as there was a probability of being replaced at short notice. The troops have been ready, waiting transportation and the orders of the department commander.

If Longstreet does not advance by the 12th I shall conclude that the exigencies at Charleston and other points have called for his reserves.

Wishing you all success in your contests with the rebels, I am, in haste, truly, yours,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Monroe, Va., April 10, 1863.

Captain C. B. WILDER,

Asst. Quartermaster and Superintendent of Contrabands:

SIR: In answer to your letter of March 31, which I answered orally at the time, and have sine partially answered in writing, I would say:

1st. No rent need be exacted from tenants of farms under your care until the harvest is made.

2nd. No oath is to be required of female tenants on such farms.

3rd. Men holding as tenants under absentee disloyalists who will not take the oath of allegiance are not entitled to possession.

4th. No loyal tenant agreeing to pay a reasonable rent is to be disturbed.

5th. Very moderate rents only are in any case to be required, and where you and the tenant differ as to the amount please come with the tenant to me to fix the rate.

In conclusion I would say, generally, that it is very desirable that no Union man be subjected to inconvenience, and that a spirit of both fairness and kindness should be perfectly manifest in all the arrangements concerning the farms which are used in whole or in part by the Government.

Respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. BOLLES,

Major and Aide-de-Camp, Provost-Judge.

FORT MONROE, VA., April 10, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Your telegram urging re-enforcements for Foster was received here last night at 9 o'clock and by me at Yorktown at 11. I gave immediate orders, and troops are now moving from Suffolk. I can only send 1,800 or 2,000 at once, and that number every five days, by canal. I have no means of transportation by sea, and the lack of such transportation prevented my sending aid to Foster on t he 8th instant, when I first learned his situation, though the enemy was then attacking my line. Peck says he is now threatened by a large force of rebels.

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General.

