
Two little forts on the right and left of it are occupied, and I have ordered them to hold the line against 10,000 rebels. Admiral Lee has ordered the Commodore Morris away from Yorktown. Her armament is only fit for service there, and I have urged the admiral to send their back from here at once to Yorktown.

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, VA.,

April 11, 1863-6 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

General Peck, at Suffolk, telegraphs just now enemy in large force are attempting to flank us on both sides; deserters say 50,000. General Keyes has just started for Suffolk. Williamsburg appears to be quiet. Our forces retain possession of Fort Magruder and have advanced pickets to outskirts of Williamsburg. The telegraph operator reports enemy are hanging around Williamsburg.

D. T. VAN BUREN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH CORPS,Fort Monroe, April 11, 1863-11.30 a. m.

Admiral S. P. LEE,

On board Minnesota:

Our troops near Williamsburg have been driven by a large force of rebels down toward the mouth of Queen's Creek, and Colonel West calls for the aid of gunboats. The Crusader's armament will not answer, and I earnestly request that you will send the Commodore Morris back at once. If the gunboats are taken away even Yorktown may be lost. The enemy are now within 5 miles of Yorktown.

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., April 11, 1863.

Actg. Rear-Admiral S. P. LEE,

Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron:

ADMIRAL: The enemy attacked Williamsburg early this morning, and by the last accounts were moving with a heavy force upon Fort Magruder, which is a mile and more below the city. They have also a force this side of Fort Magruder and have burned the camp of the Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

It is possible the enemy have crossed troops from the south side of the James River; if so, and to ascertain the fact, I would be glad if you could send a gunboat up as far as Jamestown Island. Such a movement would also tend to diminish the pressure on our lines below Williamsburg.

The wires between Yorktown and Williamsburg have been cut. The enemy are represented as being in large force. The gunboats should

