
destruction of all military works in the vicinity of Norfolk and Yorktown which might encourage further efforts on the part of the enemy to reoccupy.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, yours,

S. P. LEE,

Actg. Rear-Admiral, Commanding N. Atlantic Blockading Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, April 11, 1863-5 p. m.

Major-General PECK,

Commanding Suffolk:

I have this moment received your telegram announcing that the enemy is moving upon you in large force.

I suppose the Hawkins' Zouaves are now with you. I shall start for Norfolk in a few minutes.

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, April 11, 1 863.

Major-General PECK,

Commanding, Suffolk:

Wise and his whole command are at Williamsburg. The enemy got past Fort Magruder, destroyed the camp of the Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and came down with a portion of their force to within 5 miles of Yorktown. I have ordered Colonel West to hold the line of Fort Magruder at all hazards. I may be obliged to send him re-enforcements and may have to recall Hawkins' Zouaves. I must look at your position to judge by comparison. How much time will I require to see your lines?

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 54. New Berne, April 11, 1863.

It is hereby ordered that the divisions and brigades of the Eighteenth Army Corps now in this department resume their original organization and designation, agreeably to the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 11, Headquarters Eighteenth Army Corps, and all reports will be rendered accordingly.

The senior officers present will command in order of their seniority, and absent regiment will be accounted for as on detached service. The organization will be as follows:

The First, or General Palmer's Division will consist of the brigade of Colonel Amory: Seventeenth Massachusetts Volunteers, Forty-third Massachusetts Volunteer Militia, Forty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteer Militia, Fifty-first Massachusetts Volunteer Militia; and the brigade of Colonel H. C. Lee: Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, Twenty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers, Fifth Massachusetts Volunteers Militia, Forty-sixth Massachusetts Volunteer Militia.

The Fourth, or General Wessells', Division will consist of the brigade

