
of General Hunt: Eighty-fifth New York State Volunteers, Ninety-second New York State Volunteers, Ninety-sixth New York State Volunteers, One hundred and first Pennsylvania Volunteers, One hundred and third Pennsylvania Volunteers; and the brigade of General Stevenson: Fifth Rhode Island Volunteers, Forty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteer Militia.

The Fifth, or General Prince's, Division will consist of the brigade of General Spinola: One hundred and thirty-second New York State Volunteers, One hundred and fifty-eighth Pennsylvania Militia, One hundred and seventy-first Pennsylvania Militia, One hundred and seventy-fifth Pennsylvania Militia; and the brigade of Colonel Jourdan: Third Massachusetts Volunteer Militia, Eighth Massachusetts Volunteer Militia, One hundred and fifty-eighth New York State Volunteers, One hundred and sixty-eighth Pennsylvania Militia.

By command of Brigadier-General Wessells commanding:

[

------

-------

,]

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT MONROE, VA.,

April 12, 1863-12 noon.

Major-General DIX,

Numbers 3 West Twenty-first street, New York, N. Y.:

General Peck telegraphs just now, "We are face to face. The attack is on the Somerton and Edenton front, and before this reaches you the fight will have commenced." I will have the Burden for you at Baltimore if you say so. I think you had better come down.

D. T. VAN BUREN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT MONROE, VA.,

April 12, 1863-4.30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The following dispatches received to-day from General Peck at Suffolk, at 12.30 p. m.:

The two armies are at this moment face to face. The attack is on the Somerton and Edenton road.

4 P. M.

The enemy, after advancing within a short distance of my front, has fallen back 2 or 3 miles, and is reported moving from the Somerton road toward the Edenton road.

D. T. VAN BUREN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NORFOLK, VA., April 12, [1863.]-7.30 p. m.

(Received 9.15 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The enemy approached our lines at Suffolk to-day and exchanged some cannon-shots and retired. The force of the enemy is great and I think they will make a serious attack. General Peck has just telegraphed that he has reason to believe Longstreet is receiving re-enforce-

