
and 12 missing (as will be seen by list appended*), exclusive of those lost by the unfortunate blowing up of the army gunboat Picket. Owing to the death of the captain of the Picket, who was the only officer attached to the vessels, the list of killed and wounded had not been as yet made out.

I find that the explosion of the magazine of the Picket will not eventuate in the total loss of the vessel. The guns have already been recovered; the machinery can certainly be saved, and possibly the hull raised and repaired. If this be found impossible the machinery can be transferred to a canal-barge, and fit up a second gunboats as effective as the Picket.

The five companies of the Third New York Cavalry, and Battery H, Third New York Artillery, were very effective in driving the enemy from the streets. The two companies of the Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers and two companies of the First North Carolina Union Volunteers, under command of Colonel E. E. Potter, First North Carolina, Fought well and held their position.

I shall have the honor, in my next communication, to solicit the medal of honor for three most gallant men of the rank and file.

I have the honor to remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edward E. Porter, First North Carolina Infantry (Union).
HEADQUARTERS,Washington, September 5 [6], 1862 - 12 m.

SIR: I have the honor to report that this town was attacked this morning at 4 o'clock by a force consisting, according to the reports of prisoners, of from 600 to 1,000 infantry, six companies of cavalry, and one battery of artillery. I had just started with Colonel Mix and his command for Plymouth, when the attack was made. A halt was ordered and we moved back into the town. A heavy firing of musketry was going on at the upper end of the town. As we turned into the main street some of the enemy's cavalry came charging down, using sabers and pistols freely. Some of them were knocked over and others turned back. The artillery was placed at the intersection of the streets, with the cavalry supporting it. I advanced up the main street with one piece of artillery and a squadron of cavalry to the infantry quarters, where a desultory firing was going on. The enemy had surprised the artillerymen at their quarters in the school-house, at the corner of Second and Bridge streets, and were there in very strong force. I placed the 12-pounder at the intersection of Main and Bridge. All the infantry, North Carolina and Massachusetts, supported the artillery. The firing here was very sharp. Nothing but a small lot separated our men from theirs, each firing behind fences. Our piece did good execution, but the gunners were all shot, and I had to withdraw the gun and the

---------------

* Nominal list omitted.

---------------

