
NORFOLK, VA., April 12, 1863.

Brigadier-General KING:

I see no objection to the withdrawal of Colonel West's pickets from the town of Williamsburg. Colonel West will, I trust, cause Wise to repent his rashness if he assails those forts.

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., April 12, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. DIX,

Eutaw House, Baltimore, Md.:

The Henry Burden left here at 11 o'clock this evening for Baltimore. The captain was ordered to report to you at the Eutaw House.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant Colonel and Asst. Insp. General

FORT MONROE, VA., April 12, 1862. (Received 10.45 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

A dispatch has just been received from Major-General Palmer stating that an expedition of 8,000 men sent to raise the siege of Washington was repulsed at Blount's Creek near the batteries on Hill's Point. The enemy was in force, about 22,000, strongly posted. An effort will be made to run a regiment past the batteries to General Foster, so that he can make a more protracted defense of that place. Transportation was to be sent to Gatesville hoping to receive re-enforcements of 3,000 men from this department. A dispatch has been sent to General Palmer informing him that no re-enforcements can be sent to him from this department. General Keyes is in Norfolk.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NORFOLK, April 12, 1862-5.30 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL; I am directed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 10th instant, this moment placed in my hands, and to inform you that no re-enforcements can be sent to Major-General Foster from this department.

The enemy are now in large force this side of the Blackwater, under General Longstreet; are making an attack upon Suffolk. They occupy the country between Suffolk and Gatesville.

An attack is also making by them upon Williamsburg. Intelligence from deserters indicate a simultaneous movement upon the part of the enemy on all the lines in this department.

Twenty thousand additional troops are needed here.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant Colonel and Asst. Inspector-General, Seventh Army Corps.

