HEADQUARTERS, Plymouth, N. C., April 12, 1863.

Lieutenant W. L. WHEATON,A. A. A. G., First Division, Eighteenth Army Corps:

Your communication of April 10, informing me of the situation of affairs in the vicinity of New Berne and Washington, has been received.

I have the honor to submit the following as the condition of affairs t this post:

The fort is nearly completed and is in condition to mount all the guns. One heavy gun arrived to-day from Roanoke Island and is being located in the fort. The wings of the fort are completed and small works constructed to protect its left flank. The woods upon all the main roads leading into Plymouth have ben felled, and the guns when mounted will have excellent range.

From three ladies, said and believed to be of secession proclivities, the following facts were gleaned, viz: On Friday, April 10, they came from Williamston and passed, on the way between Williamston and Jamesville, infantry, artillery, and cavalry, said to be General Robertson's brigade.

From a prisoner whom our North Carolina cavalry took Thursday night, April 9, we learn that 11 miles from this place a squad of six cavalry pickets were stationed, with intervening couriers, to give the enemy at Washington notice of any attempted assistance form this direction.

From various sources we have heard of an iron-clad ram being built in the river above. Information this morning has been received to the effect that it is built to fit the prow of a steamer and that the enemy mediate an attack within a few days when it is completed. Apprehension is felt by the naval force that the two gunboats here, Perry and Underwriter, may not be able to resist it. With the present force here and with the constructed defenses it is believed we can hold this place against a large land force. Should the ram, however, succeed in getting opposite Plymouth the place would be untenable except with fearful loss. We have six or seven day's provisions on hand. Inclosed I send you a consolidated morning report of the land forces here.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, yours,

JOSIAH PICKETT,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

[Indorsement.]

To consolidated morning report will be sent in to-morrow morning.

GEORGE W. BARTLETT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 190. Hilton Head, S. C., April 12, 1863.

It having been officially represented to the major-general commanding by Brigadier-General Heckman, Major Solomon Giles, Third New York Artillery, and Captain W. V. Hutchings, of the staff of Brigadier-General Stevenson, that Major-General Foster, commanding Department of North Carolina, is besieged and in danger of being captured by the enemy at Washington, N. C., Brigadier-General Heckman, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby ordered to proceed with his brigade consisting of the following regiments: Ninth New Jersey, Twenty-third Mas-

