
sachusetts, Eighty-first New York, and Ninety-eight New York, to New Berne, N. C., where he will report to Brigadier-General Palmer, or whoever may be the general in command, for service in the relieving of Major-General Foster.

This duty executed, or it being found that Major-General Foster has been already relieved, Brigadier-General Heckman will forthwith return with his command to this department.

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, MD., April 13, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK:

Learning by telegraph yesterday that Suffolk was invested I came on from New York by the night train and am waiting for special boat to go to Fort Monroe.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, April 13, 1863.

Colonel D. T. VAN BUREN:

I cannot help thinking that the attack on the Nansemond and Somerton road is a feint, and that the principal movement will be on the Nansemond, 8 miles from Suffolk. This should be looked to.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., April 13, 1863.

Actg. Rear-Admiral LEE,

Newport News, Va.:

General Peck telegraph 11.50 a. m.:

Enemy is on three sides of us and advancing to cut the river communication. Ask the admiral to send light-draught vessels up.

D. T. VAN BUREN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

VIA FORT MONROE, VA., April 13, 1863. (Received 2.50 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I am now in consultation with Major-General Peck. The enemy is in sight, and not far off. Artillery firing is going on slowly. Peck's position is strong, and will be vigilantly guarded. The only fear is that the enemy may cross the Nansemond. To prevent that, gunboats must be freely used. I will try to examine the river to-day. It is my opinion that the enemy's campaign is the recover of the whole James River, and re-enforcements are arriving from various points, many of them from before Fredericksburg. The enemy's batteries have been open for some time. It is an imperative necessity that the Navy keep the Nansemond River open.

