
and one additional regiment of infantry I could hold the line of Fort Magruder certainly. There being no gunboat there now Wise can have his supplies brought down there by water, and hold his camp there at this ease. Wise is now in a position to be easily captured, but I have not the force necessary. As I stated in my telegrams of yesterday and the day before, I thought re-enforcements necessary at once.

If any competent officer has examined and ascertained the difficulty the enemy would have to destroy the wooden gunboats and to cross the Nansemond, or to get round the left and cut the railroads, or to learn the roads and their capacity for retreat, I am ignorant of the fact. I 4,000 horses, more or less, and his numerous artillery and supplies are surrendered I make no doubt that inquiry will be made on those subjects, but I shall not be able to answer.

I have the honor to remain, your most obedient servant,

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General, Commanding Fourth Corps.

FORT MONROE, VA., April 14, 1863-11.30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I have just returned from Suffolk after going through the lines. General Peck is strong, but the danger of interception of his communications with Norfolk is imminent, as the gunboats are nearly all crippled. With two small divisions, say 5,000 each, we could repel the enemy. If we could have that number of men from the Army of the Potomac we could send them back in two weeks. General Peck has rations for twenty days and forage for them. More forage goes up to-night. He must be relieved within twelve days at farthest.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

SUFFOLK, April 14, 1863.

Major-General DIX,

Fort Monroe:

I am just informed that all the gunboats except the Smith Briggs have left the river, which is therefore almost entirely undefended.

JOHN A. PECK,

Major-General.

SUFFOLK, VA., April 14, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Two gunboats have been disabled upon the Nansemond, and I fear I shall be unable to keep the river open.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

SUFFOLK, April 14, 1863.

Major-General DIX:

All the gunboats have left the river except mine. The West End went to Fort Monroe for ammunition. I most respectfully request that she be sent back as soon as she gets her ammunition on board.

JOHN C. LEE,

Captain, Commanding Smith Briggs.

