
YORKTOWN, April 14, 1863.

Colonel WEST,

Fort Magruder:

I agree with you about the removal of the inhabitants from Williamsburg. They need not be interfered with, nor should fire be opened on the town except in case of another attack from that quarter.

I expect General Keyes here within an hour.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 14, 1863.

Brigadier-General PALMER,

New Berne, N. C.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 9th instant is just received. I had hoped that General Keyes would send you 4,000 additional men, but his own condition was such that he deemed it necessary to countermand the order. At the present time it is impossible to send any other troops to you. Perhaps the circumstances may be different in a few days, but you must not rely upon rely upon receiving troops from any other department. Instead of sparing any, every general is pressing for more troops as though we had a cornucopia of men from which to supply their wants.

If any accident should occur to General Foster you will bear in mind that operations in North Carolina should be strictly defensive and the troops concentrated as much as possible. New Berne and Beaufort are the points of greatest importance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

STEAMER HUNCHBACK, Tuesday, April 14, 1863-1.30 p. m.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Washington, N. C.:

General Potter's letter of yesterday was received at 4 a. m. to-day. Fortunately every with of yours indicated in that letter had been anticipated. By dint of labor, coaxing, threatening, stimulating with promise of reward, &amp;c. (to the pilot and captain of the Escort), everything was arranged, and last night at dark the Escort stated. Let me here remark that Colonel Sisson and officers of the Fifth Rhode Island Regiment aided the enterprise in every way. I have just made up my mind that the thing is a perfect success and that I was not mistaken in my belief that you could get any amount of men and supplies through the blockade. But I do not think Captain McCann is equal to this position. He ought to be above the blockade to reduce the batteries both a Hill's Point and Rodman's Point. It can be done, but it will not be done by the Navy unless we can get Flusser or some equally energetic officer here. I do not wish to do any injustice to any one; I only state my firm belief. Colonel Hoffman can explain something of my views to you.

General Potter, for you, expresses surprise that the Escort did not come through the night before, and that such lack of energy has been displayed in getting men and supplies to you. I would be glad if you would, after receiving all the information concerning these matters from

