
The boats were driven disabled out of the Upper Nansemond yesterday. The navy boats will do all in their power to assist you, but i fear those I could send this morning may not from their draught be able to cross the obstructions.

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral.

SUFFOLK, VA., April 16, 1863-9.30 a. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

My lines, which extend along the Nansemond from mouth of West Branch to swamp on the left, are occupied, and are about 16 miles

in length. The enemy has failed to turn either flank and has not dared an assault. Longstreet is resolved upon getting in if possible. He is cutting out extensive roads, destroyed and blocked. Parties were sent to blow up culverts, but failed. My roads are will guarded. If I hold my flanks, he will be compelled to assault after shelling from commanding ground. He has a great preponderance of artillery as well as other branches.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., April 16, 1863-10.30 a. m. (Received 11.30 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

General Peck's dispatch, just forwarded, with inform you of the state of things this morning. I have given him every man that can be spared from Norfolk, and have taken care of the army supplies there, so that if the enemy should succeed in crossing the river and should move on that city he will find nothing expect coal. No troops have arrived yet. If I had 10,000 men I could land at Smithfield, take the enemy in the rear, and make his movement on Suffolk a very disastrous one to him. Indeed, we should have the additional force under any circumstances, as the number of men and quality of material at Suffolk is too great to be put at hazard.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 16, 1863-10 a. m.

Major-General DIX,

Fort Monroe, Va.:

Have re-enforcements begun to arrive? Send back transports as rapidly as possible; they are greatly needed here.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

NORFOLK, April 16, 1863. (Received 12.10 p.m .)

Major-General HALLECK:

No troops arrived an hour ago when I left Fort Monroe. Not a moment shall be lost in the return of transports. Wires are down to Suffolk. I hope it is accidental.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

