
driving the enemy out of the works they occupied; also completely riddling a half-finished gunboat which the enemy had on the stocks upon the opposite side of the river, and were occupying as a rifle-work at the time.

While sending the message for the guns I was hit by a musket-shot on the index finger of the right hand, but fortunately was not much hurt. My flag received three shots through it. Private Reed behaved with great coolness all through the engagement. Toward the close of the action I was ordered by General Foster to withdraw the artillery and pick out and post as many sharpshooters as would cover the enemy's position, which I accordingly did, under one of the severest musketry fires I have ever seen.

On the 17th instant General Foster fought the battle of Goldsborough. The object of the action was to gain possession of the railroad bridge over the Neuse River. The action was a double one, the first being in the morning, the second in the evening. In the morning the rebels, after a little skirmishing, retreated across the railroad bridge, but kept up a sharp fire of musketry and artillery on our advance. I went immediately on to the railroad, placing Lieutenant Schlachter with General Foster and other officers with different brigadiers and artillery. After getting on the railroad I went immediately forward of the skirmishers, and at every favorable point made close observations of the enemy's position, and finding it impossible to cross the bridge I called for artillery, which immediately came forward, took position, and commenced shelling the enemy with very decided effect.

After the bridge was carried and burned and our batteries had silenced the enemy's fire, General Foster drew off his forces, supposing the battle was over; but after about three hours the enemy came on with two brigades of infantry and one battery from some crossing of the river above the bridge and commenced an attack upon our rear, of which Lieutenant Keith immediately informed me by signal and I informed the general. The battle now renewed was soon ended, with very severe loss to the enemy and very slight loss to us.

On account of the exceedingly difficult nature of the country and the inexperience of my officers less signaling was done than otherwise would have been. Both officers and men behaved as became soldiers and gentlemen, and when this detachment shall have had sufficient field practice they will compare favorably with any that I am acquainted with. I take this occasion to recommend to your favorable consideration Lieuts. C. C. F. Keith, E. S. Moffatt, F. Schlachter, and Joseph Fricker as capable and efficient officers; and Privates Jacob A. Reed, Company I, Third New York Artillery; Samuel N. Rogers, Company A, Twenty-first Massachusetts Volunteers; William N. Baker, Company D, Eighth Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteer Corps; Pulaski Hindes, Company G, Ninth New Jersey Volunteers, and William J. Lindsay, First Pennsylvania Rifles, as cool, brave, energetic men, always ready for any undertaking, however desperate, attentive to their duties, intelligent and capable, precisely the men needed in this corps, and I take pleasure in recommending them to the department, and hope they will receive a suitable promotion.

Although somewhat foreign to this report, I cannot refrain from mentioning the conduct of Privates H. P. Baker, Company E, Third New York Artillery, and Lucius D. Craft, Company D, Eighth Pennsylvania Rifles Volunteer Corps, who, just at the close of the battle of Kinston, rode a mile or so to the left of the line of battle and captured and

