
UNITED STATES FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA, April 16, 1863-1 a. m.

General PECK:

Your dispatch is just received. We have now four vessels in the Nansemond with orders to do their best to prevent the enemy from crossing it. I fear that but one of these will be able to get above the obstructions. Two of our lightest draughts have returned disabled. The vessels expected from the Potomac have not arrived.

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, Fort Monroe, April 16, 1863.

Admiral LEE:

Every disposable man has been put on the river. I have re-enforced General Peck to the extent of my ability. If your gunboats could feel their way up we could protect them from our side. The West End was disabled, but went up again at 6 last evening. Our line is intact as yet. I am just going to Norfolk to be back to-night.

JOHN A. DIX,Major-General.

UNITED STATES FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA, Off Newport News, April 16, 1863.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, U. S. A.,

Commanding Seventh Army Corps, Fortress Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: The master of the bark Edisto informed me, in his letter of March 22, that--

While lying at anchor in the mouth of the Potomac River, with a head wind, the captain of the port of Fortress Monroe came up and boarded my vessel and demanded my papers, as he suspected contraband goods, and after a careful overhauling of the same said they were all right, but ordered me into Hampton Roads.

Did Captain Millward order the Edisto here after he had ascertained that she was all right and had notified her master? If so, was the Edisto communicated with by the army authorities and notified that she could proceed on her voyage after her arrived outside the guard ship and before she attempted to run into the Roads? I ask the favor of a reply at your convenience, for my report of the case.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, yours,

S. P. LEE,

Actg. Rear-Admiral, Commanding N. Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

FORT MONROE, April 16, 1863.

Major-General PECK:

Just returned from Norfolk. Troops are arriving and will be sent over without delay.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

