
SUFFOLK, VA., April 18, 1863.

Admiral LEE,

Newport News:

Men who have come in this evening say the rebels have eight iron boats in the James River that will come down so as to threaten the Nansemond, Norfolk, and other places. He will attack me to-morrow early, and will attempt to carry the line of the river. I hope you will be able to send me sufficient light boats to hold it.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

UNITED STATES FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA, Off Newport News, Va., April 18, 1863.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, U. S. A.,

Commanding Seventh Army Corps, Fortress Monroe:

SIR: I do not see the propriety of continuing our small vessels in the Upper Nansemond, which is, above Western Branch, a mere creek or natural canal, and unfit for the operation of vessels, now that the enemy is establishing his artillery and rifle-pits in such strength as to command that communication.

The enemy is thus occupying in force the left bank of the Upper Nansemond with earthworks for his artillery and rifle-pits.

Our army, re-enforced since yesterday, may now oppose the enemy by occupying in like manner the right bank of that small stream. The same number of guns we now have on the Upper Nansemond would be better employed on shore.

I have directed Lieutenant Lamson not to remain in the Upper Nansemond any longer than his communications remain open, nor so long as to risk his ability to rejoin Lieutenant Cushing in the Lower Nansemond. Lieutenant Cushing reports that the enemy are fortifying below him.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, yours,

S. P. LEE,

Actg. Rear-Admiral, Commanding N. Atlantic Blockading Squadron.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, Fort Monroe, Va., April 18, 1863-6.30 p. m.

General FOSTER:

GENERAL: The following telegraphic dispatch has just been received:

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 18, 1863.

Major-General DIX:

Please inform General Foster by first opportunity that he must not expect re-enforcements at present, as none can be given to him. His part is simply a defensive one.

H. W. HALLECK,General-in-Chief.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

