
a short distance of the bridge, opened a destructive fire upon the enemy attempting to cross, effectually cutting off their retreat. Under cover of this fire a part of the cannoneers of Battery F, assisted by a few of the Tenth Connecticut, extinguished the fires which the enemy had kindled on the bridge. Battery B, Third New York Artillery, which was now moved forward and posted on the left, opened with canister on the woods, and Batteries E and I, Third New Artillery, took position in a field on the right. At this time 41 privates and 2 commissioned officers, belonging to the enemy, surrendered as prisoners to Captain Morrison, of Battery B, who sent them to the rear under guard. About one hour latter Batteries E and I moved forward to the bank of the river and shelled the enemy over the town. Action closed about 1 p.m.

Loss in artillery brigade at Kinston: Battery B, Third New York had been ordered, December 13, up the main road to a point 7 miles from Kinston, encamped there with the Forty-sixth Massachusetts Volunteers.

On the morning of the 14th one piece, under Lieutenant Cady, was sent up the road with a detachment of cavalry, and opened on the enemy, who were behind intrenchments, with two pieces of artillery, at a point where Southwest Creek crosses the direct road to Kinston. The enemy retired after a brisk engagement of three-quarters of an hour, and after the battle of Kinston the Twenty-fourth Battery rejoined our main column, December 16.

The affair at White Hall, Tuesday, December 16, commenced about 9.30 a.m. by a skirmish between a detachment of the Third New York Cavalry, accompanied by the Twenty-third New York Independent Battery, Captain Ransom, and the enemy's sharpshooters. This skirmish lasted but a few minutes, after which the cavalry and battery moved forward past the enemy's position. Shortly after, the Seventeenth Massachusetts, Lieutenant-Colonel Fellows, having engaged the enemy, Battery F, Captain Jenney, Third New York Artillery, was posted on the hill-side directly opposite the enemy's works and opened fire. One gun of this battery burst at about the twentieth round.

At 10.30 a.m. Battery K, Captain Angel, Third New York Artillery, was sent to the support of Captain Jenney and posted on his right. The right section of Captain Jenney's battery, under command of Lieutenant J. F. Dennis, was then sent forward and posted on the left of the bridge, across the river. Battery E, Third New York Artillery, Lieutenant Ashby commanding, and Battery F, First Rhode Island Artillery, Captain Belger, were shortly afterward put in position on the hill above Batteries F and K, Third New York Artillery, and opened fire. The Twenty-fourth New York Battery, Captain Lee, was then posted in the swamp on the right of our line. Battery I, Third New York Artillery, Lieutenant Thomas, was sent forward to the left of the bridge, and a section of Battery K, Third New York Artillery, under Lieutenant Mersereau, was also brought up to that point. Battery H, Third New York Artillery, Captain Riggs, was now placed at about the center of our line, on the bank of the river, and, together with Captain Belger's battery, which had been posted on the right of the bridge, opened upon the enemy at a point-blank range. The action terminated a little after 12 m., the enemy's batteries having been completely silenced.

I desire particularly to mention the gallant conduct of Lieutenant J. F. Dennis, commanding the advance section of Battery F, Third New

