
Battery just at dusk, and hold it now. One major, 1 captain, and? officers were taken, with 6 guns, and between 100 and 200 soldiers Eighty-ninth New York and Eighth Connecticut were the stormers.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Plymouth, N. C., April 20, 1863.

[Captain J. A. JUDSON, A. A. G.:]

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication inclosing and returning a report sent from here. I have reason to think another document has been forwarded in the same manner form these headquarters; if so, will you please return it that the mistake may be rectified? I will see that the error is not repeated hereafter. In reporting the situation here I directed my adjutant to call your attention to the necessity of our having supplies. That there should be no delay the post commissary had previously made his requisitions, which were approved and signed by me. He informs me they were sent forward. The steamer Long Island arrived to-day at 3 p. m. with rations, ammunition, horses, &amp;c. Receipts will be duly forwarded to headquarters. Winfield has been been abandoned and the works destroyed; one company of the garrison is here; the other has gone to New Berne, as I am informed, by orders from headquarters.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,JOSIAH PICKETT,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS, Plymouth, N. C., April 18, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,Assistant Adjutant-General, Eighteenth Army Corps:

In accordance with Special Orders, No.l 114, received at noon yesterday (17th), I made preparations to evacuate this post. I had made arrangements to transport the Forty-sixth Massachusetts Volunteer Militia, two sections of Lee's battery, and four detached companies, under command of Major Bartholomew, Twenty-seventh Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, upon the Colyer and some small schooners I had taken possession of, and intended to hold the post at Winfield and gave them orders to evacuate the post, destroying block-houses, rifle-pits, &c. They had probably done so long before the Massasoit arrived, and are now on their way to Plymouth. I desire you to send me instructions as to whether that post is to be re-established.

We are almost entirely out of supplies, and must have a boat back immediately with rations or the men will suffer.

Everything is in good order here. We have the fort nearly finished, with one gun mounted and the rile-pits completed, and can, if called upon, make a good fight. What we most want now is commissary stores, which I hope you will send at the earliest possible moment.

I have the honor to be, yours, &c.,

JOSIAH PICKETT,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

