
York Artillery, who maintained his position until his ammunition was exhausted, under a very severe fire from the enemy's sharpshooters, and worked at his guns himself after a large number of his men had been shot down.

The Twenty-third New York Independent Battery, Captain Ransom, after passing White Hall on the morning of the 16th, marched with the cavalry command of Major Garrard to Mount Olive, on the Wilmington and Weldon Railroad, and assisted in tearing up the railroad track, burning the trestle-work, and destroying the telegraph at that point. Thence, on the morning of the 17th, marched to Thompson's Bridge, on the Neuse, 9 miles below Goldsborough. At that point a brisk engagement ensued, during which two sections of Battery K, Third New York Artillery, Captain Angel, came to Captain Ransom's support. After thirty minutes the combined efforts of these batteries completely silenced the enemy's fire, both of musketry and artillery. About midnight they rejoined the main column.

Loss in artillery brigade at White Hall: Battery E, Third New York Artillery, 3 men wounded; Battery F, Third New York Artillery, 5 men wounded; Battery I, Third New York Artillery, 1 man wounded; Battery K, Third New York Artillery, 2 men killed, 5 men wounded; Battery F, First Rhode Island Artillery, 2 men killed, 2 men wounded; Twenty-fourth New York Independent Battery, 1 man killed. Loss in horses very heavy.

About 11 a.m. Wednesday, December 17, the skirmishers of the Seventeenth Massachusetts Volunteers and Ninth New Jersey Volunteers having engaged the enemy, Battery H, Third New York Artillery, Captain Riggs, was ordered to the front and posted on an elevation overlooking the railroad track. A few rounds of spherical case scattered the enemy, who took refuge in the woods. Battery B, Third New York Artillery, was then brought into position on the right of and close to the railroad track, and opened upon the bridge, which was visible at about 200 yards distance. Batteries E and I, Third New York Artillery, Major T. J. Kennedy, commanding, now moved forward, opening upon the railroad monitor and the enemy's battery on the other side of the bridge. The effect of this concentrated fire was very destructive. The railroad bridge, which had been fired by Lieutenant Graham, aide-de-camp to Colonel Heckman, was torn down in about half an hour and the enemy's battery and monitor completely silenced. The batteries then retired, Captain Morrison taking position on an elevation commanding the whole open field. Between 3 and 4 p.m., after our forces, with the exception of Colonel Lee's brigade, had taken up the line of march, two regiments of the enemy's infantry formed across the railroad track, cheering and waving their colors, and charged upon Captain Morrison's battery. He opened upon them first with spherical case and then with double canister with deadly effect, literally mowing them down. Belger's Rhode Island battery was ordered up and opened fire to the left, where the woods were lined with rebel infantry. The enemy then opened a well-directed fire upon us from a concealed battery. Battery H, Third New York Artillery, Captain Riggs, was ordered to the support of Captain Belger and posted on his left, opposite the enemy's right flank. After an hour's vigorous cannonading the enemy's fire, both of musketry and artillery, was completely silenced by Captains Belger and Riggs, and, as night was closing in, orders were received to retire, which was done in the best order. One section of Battery H, under Lieutenant Clark, was left with the rear guard.

Loss in artillery brigade at Goldsborough; Battery B, Third New

5 R-VOL XVIII

