HEADQUARTERS FOURTH CORPS,Yorktown, April 23, 1863.

Major-General DIX,

Commanding Department of Virginia, Fort Monroe:

Your telegram just received. We have had time to make such arrangements on the line of Fort Magruder as to be secure against surprise. We occupy seven redoubts in addition to that fort, and our troops say they can and will hold the line against any force the enemy can bring against them. They foiled Wise and are in high spirits. I can now hold my ground without re-enforcements, but more troops are needed to ease the great labors of those with me. We have a strong picket line above the forts, with cavalry vedettes close up to the town. If the enemy attacks we can damage him three or four times more than he can damage us.

I will send the only letter received from Dr. Wager since the attack, by mail.

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, Numbers 62.HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,New Berne, April 23, 1863.

In order that a more constant supervision may exist at the various posts in this department, the following districts are hereby established, and will be commanded as follows:

I. The first will be known as the District of the Neuse.

This district will embrace that portion of the department lying beyond the outside limits of the post of New Berne, the railroad and all stations pertaining thereto, Morehead City, Carolina City, Beaufort, and Fort Macon, and will be commanded by Brigadier General Henry M. Naglee, whose headquarters will be at Beaufort, N. C.

II. The second will be known as the District of the Albemarle.

This district will include the posts of Plymouth and Roanoke Island and such other posts as may be hereafter established within the limits of the district, and will be commanded by Brigadier General Henry W. Wessells, whose headquarters will be at Plymouth, N. C.

III. The third will be known as the District of the Pamlico.

This district will include the posts of Washington and Hatteras Inlet and such other posts as may be hereafter established within the limits of the district, and will be commanded by Brigadier General Henry Prince, whose headquarters will be at Washington, N. C.

By command of Major General J. G. Foster:

[SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SUFFOLK, VA., April 24, 1863.

Major-General DIX:

Major Stratton reports the Third Georgia Infantry in that quarter, and expects it will attempt to cut him off, but feels confident of defeating the purpose.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

