
York Artillery, 2 men wounded; Battery K, Third New York Artillery, 1 man wounded; Battery F, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, 3 men wounded. Loss in horses slight.

The officers of the various batteries, without exception, handled their commands with coolness and skill, and when all did so well it is difficult to particularize.

I desire to mention Majors Stone and Kennedy, who commanded the reserve artillery, for the prompt manner in which they brought their batteries into action, and the efficiency with which they were served; also the members of my personal staff, Lieutenant Alexander H. Davis, Lieutenant E. P. Peters, and Chaplain William Hart, volunteer aides-de-camp, who were constantly under fire during the engagements, for the promptness displayed by them in performing the various duties assigned them. Lieutenant Frederick W. Prince, acting brigade quartermaster, was also indefatigable in his exertions.

JAMES H. LEDLIE,

Colonel, Commanding Arty. Brigadier and Chief of Arty., Dept. of N. C.

Major SOUTHWARD HOFFMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of North Carolina.

No. 5. Report of Captain Edwin S. Jenney, Battery F, Third New York Light Artillery, of engagements at Kinston and White Hall, December 14 and 16.
HDQRS. BATTERY F, THIRD NEW YORK VOL. ARTILLERY,New Berne, N. C., December 21, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in accordance with your order my battery joined the First Brigade, commanded by Colonel Amory, and marched from New Berne Thursday, the 11th instant. On the 14th instant we arrived within 2 miles of Kinston, without anything occurring except the usual casualties of a march in an enemy's country. By your order my battery then came into battery in an opening on the left of the road for the purpose of shelling Kinston. After expending about 120 rounds of ammunition I ceased firing, by order of Major-General Foster, and sent my left section, commanded by Lieutenant Birchmeyer, to support Colonel Heckman's position, on our right flank, and, by your order, posed my other two sections about half a mile nearer Kinston, in a field on the right-hand side the road. Lieutenant Birchmeyer's position was about 600 yards in front of the rebel battery, which was upon the opposite side of the river, and which was defended by breastworks, the river and an open field being between. He held this position alone, and did fine execution, until his fuse-shells were expended, when the rest of my battery, by your order proceeded into the same position. After shelling the rebel battery for a short time the enemy retreated from that place, and Colonel Heckman commenced a flank movement toward the bridge.

The infantry marched directly across the field, while my battery, by order of Colonel Amory, crossed to the left, nearer the bridge, and commenced a vigorous fire of canister and shell upon the retreating enemy. About four rounds had been discharged when I observed the rebels were firing the bridge. I immediately moved my battery to the end of the bridge, arriving there before any other troops-by this movement

