
the creek. The cars were running to the creek till late last night, and the noise of the whistles was constant and imposing.

At midnight it commenced to rain very heavily, and now the whole country is under water. The men are patient and trying to keep warm and dry. One shower succeeds another very quickly, and we are waiting patiently for a lull in the storm. I communicate with Colonel Amory, who is about 2 miles from here.

It is my impression that everything has retired to Kinston; that is, every force of any size.

With the best care that could be taken a good portion of the men's rations will be soaked, and to-morrow we will have to get a supply. These should be sent to Core Creek by rail. We need 2,500 to 3,000 rations daily, and the cavalry horses have no forage. There are two companies of them here.

This I shall send by Captain Harris, commissary of Colonel Amory's brigade.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General.

UNOFFICIAL.-P. S.-A ration of whisky ought to be sent for the men if provisions are to be sent.

I. N. P.

UNITED STATES FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA,

Off Newport News, Va., April 29, 1863.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, U. S. A.,

Commanding Seventh Army Corps, Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: On the 21st of this month, by the exhibition of a white flag on shore by a person in citizen's dress, a boat from the Stepping Stones was lured ashore, fired on by troops in ambush, one of its crew killed, and the following-named men taken prisoners, viz: James Coleman, J. McNiclety, F. Hopkins, and J. Reed. This was a base transaction and the men should be surrendered and not exchanged as prisoners of war. Lieutenant Lamson verbally informed me that in a recent communication by flag of truce at Suffolk the enemy expressed a purpose to return these three men. Please have this done.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your,

S. P. LEE,

Actg. Rear-Admiral, Commanding N. Atlantic Blockading Squadron.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Monroe, Va., April 29, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

GENERAL: Major-General Peck, as you are aware, is performing very arduous duties, greater, I presume, than any commander of an army corps who has not a separate department.

Would it be practicable to create an army corps for him the troops under his command? I could designate the regiments to compose it without interfering with my own corps-the Seventh. He is

