
cutting off the retreat of some of the enemy, who were yet upon this side of the river. Lieutenant Birchmeyer, commanding left section, and First Sergeant Van Heusen, commanding center section, brought forward their cannoneers with watering buckets, and, assisted by a very few volunteers from the Tenth Connecticut, extinguished the fire upon the bridge, Lieutenant Dennis supporting them by a rapid fire of canister from his section. My loss at this place was as follows: Three men wounded-James H. Dunlap, guidon, in the thigh; Alexander Fullerton, corporal, in the arm; Charles Baughman, private, in the breast; and 5 horses killed.

We encamped in Kinston, and the next morning we resumed our march. In the afternoon Lieutenant Dennis, with his section, was ordered forward with the cavalry to White Hall, where he opened fire upon a rebel gunboat in process of construction and succeeded in partially destroying it, when he returned to the battery, which was encamped with the division.

On the 16th instant we resumed the march, my battery being in the advance. When near White Hall I was ordered forward and opened fire upon a rebel battery, situated on the opposite side of the river, about 1,000 yards distant. My right section was posted upon the bank of the river, where the bridge had been burned, about 200 yards distant from the enemy's battery. I kept up a continuous fire until my ammunition was exhausted, when I retired by your order. During the hottest of the fire one of my guns burst, injuring no one.

My losses at this place are as follows: Six men wounded and 8 horses killed.*

Immediately after the engagement we moved on with the column.

Our ammunition being exhausted we did not participate in the engagement near Goldsborough.

We arrived at our camp on the 20th instant.

My total casualties are as follows: Nine men wounded; 13 horses killed.

I desire to call your attention to the meritorious conduct of First Sergt. Stephen Van Heusen, who commanded my center section, and behaved gallantly both at Kinston and White Hall. I beg leave to recommend him for promotion to a lieutenancy. My non-commissioned officers and privates fought bravely, and it would be difficult to discriminate between them.

I am, colonel, your very obedient servant,

EDWIN S. JENNEY,

Captain, Commanding Battery F, Third New York Vol. Artillery.

Colonel JAMES H. LEDLIE,

Commanding Artillery Brigade.

No. 6. Reports of Major Charles Fits Simmons, Third New York Cavalry, of operations December 15 and 17.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 15th instant I proceeded along the Goldsborough road from Kinston with

---------------

*Nominal loss omitted. Casualties embodied in revised statement, p.60.

---------------

