
they were before the rebellion, unless they are of particular military importance, in which case they would require and justify proper defenses.

Where a place is held it seems to me that the military occupation ought to be as complete as practicable in itself; and when this cannot be done the occupation becomes one of questionable propriety to the extent that gunboats are permanently needed for its defense.

I do not desire or attempt to interfere with your military plans, and I fully appreciate the good spirit in which you favor me with your views. It is certainly my wish and purpose to co-operate heartily with you. I shall be glad if this interchange of ideas will lead to such an examination of the subject as will show in connection with each necessary military occupation precisely what kind and extent of naval force is required in the Sounds. It appears to me that the naval part of our policy there is to have such a force as can co-operate in expeditions with the army, and in the mean time, by cruising and as guard vessels, preserve the blockade and the police of the waters.

Should the enemy build gunboats on the rivers above the towns the naval force should be sufficient to destroy his vessels before they unite or after they have combined.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your,

S. P. LEE,

Actg. Rear-Admiral, Commanding N. Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

GENERAL ORDERS,

Numbers 5.HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE PAMLICO,Washington, N. C., May 1, 1863.

I. Pursuant to orders from the Headquarters of the Department of North Carolina it is hereby announced that the lines are closed. No ingress or egress can be permitted, and no trade whatever with persons living beyond the lines.

All persons who have taken the oath off allegiance are hereby warned against any unauthorized communication with persons residing within the enemy's lines, by letter or otherwise.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier General Henry Prince:

S. W. WALDRON, JR.,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., May 2, 1863-10 a. m.

Major-General DIX, Fort Monroe, Va.:

Measures should be taken to ascertain the force of the enemy in front of Suffolk. If, as is supposed, the mass of Longstreet's troops had joined Lee, the demonstration agreed upon should be immediately made.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

MAY 2, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

A demonstration was made on the enemy's line yesterday, which brought out a considerable force. An attack was to have been made on one of the batteries last night, but was probably postponed for want

