
MAY 2, 1863-6.40 p. m.

Major-General PECK:

The last clause referred to movements of their divisions in front of you, meaning that there were no signs of these divisions in your front moving, as we understood it. The deserters have gone to Washington. We are in full movement and have been for some time.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

FORT MONROE, May 2, 1863.

Major General JOHN J. PECK:

The children [cavalry] of the Army of the Potomac were to have cut the railroad at the Pamunkey, half way from Fredericksburg to Richmond, yesterday. Watch the enemy closely to-night and make a reconnaissance in force to-morrow morning.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

SUFFOLK, VA., May 2, 1863.

Major-General DIX:

I organized a command before the reception of your dispatch covering your suggestions. But the telegram from Butterfield to the effect that no movement had been made here on the 30th agrees with all the evidences up to this time. Did they cut the line?

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 2, 1863-8.15 p. m.

Major-General PECK, Suffolk, Va.:

Our latest and most reliable information from Richmond is as follows. Am inclined to the belief that this will prove true:

Our friend just returned. The works around Richmond are most formidable. At Meadow Bridge and Mechanicsville route they are intended for field artillery. No guns in position. At Richmond are the City Battalion and some artillery. Twenty-seven hundred rations issued to troops in Richmond in active service. General Wise has 5,000 on the Peninsula. Longstreet has three divisions at Suffolk. When they left Lee they were each 8,000 strong. Their effective, all told, not over 15,000 men D. H. Hill is ordered from Washington to re-enforce Longstreet's corps. He may, however, take Longstreet's place at Suffolk and Lee may be re-enforced by Longstreet.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff.

SUFFOLK, VA., May 2, [1863,]

Via Fort Monroe, Va., May 4, 1863-12.30 a. m.

General BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

It is important to arrive at correct conclusions regarding Longstreet's force. You say three divisions left Fredericksburg with 24,000. My information from more than 100 individuals has been that his force was

