
YORKTOWN, May 3, 1863-12 noon.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD:

I learn that the enemy have left the White House on the Pamunkey. They have planted torpedoes there in the river. I cannot learn whether the bridge has been destroyed.

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General.

MAY 3, 1863.

General DIX:

Garnett's and Benning's brigade joined, from Carolina, and Kemper's is on the way from near Gatesville. Longstreet's plans and arrangements were all for permanent occupation. He designed to push the siege, and Hooker's move and my preparation only prevented. His force was over 30,000. When he can will return with the same end in view.

Wounded yesterday.

PECK,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, May 3, 1863.

Major General JOHN J. PECK:

I saw Admiral [Lee] last evening on the Nansemond. He expressed the opinion that there had at no time been a large force at Suffolk-not over 20,000-and that the enemy had only a few movable guns. I have no doubt it is from him that the views which seem to prevail in Washington have been derived. I think I shall be with you to-day. Will advise you as soon as I get my mail.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., May 3, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I have just received the following dispatch from General Peck. From my personal observation to-day I am satisfied that the conclusion he and the other general officers named came to is right. Our loss will probably reach 60 in killed and wounded:

The reconnaissance in force has been pushed up very close to the enemy's main line of intrenchments, which is strong and flanked by artificial and natural obstructions. It is evident that he has considerable force massed there, and means to make a strong fight if pressed. It cannot be attacked without a greater loss than I can afford at this time. My position is secure now, and in crossing the river on a single bridge to fight a battle on his ground much risk is assumed. These views are entertained by Generals Getty and Gordon. The troops have been under fire nearly all day, and behaved with great spirit and gallantry, and I shall withdraw them probably during the night. At this time 42 wounded are reported. I regret to say that Colonel Ringold, of the One hundred and third New York, was twice wounded. He is an officer of much merit.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

