
front or General Keyes' of course I do not know. They had nothing at Richmond to send here. We have had heavy fighting here for two or three days.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 4, 1863-10.45 a. m.

Major-General PECK, Suffolk, Va.:

Our cavalry bring information of 15,000 or 20,000 of Longstreet's forces getting off from the cars at Gordonsville.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

SUFFOLK, VA., May 4, 1863.

Major-General HOOKER,

Commanding Army of the Potomac;

Longstreet was re-enforced by General Benning with five regiments and fifteen pieces on the 2nd. He crossed the Chowan with pontoons. General Kemper, with another brigade, has also crossed, making three in all. Hood commanded yesterday, and Longstreet was 2 miles in the rear with reserves. They suffered. At 9.30 p. m. all his forces moved by different interior routes for the Blackwater. He has several hours the start. All his arrangements were for a continual siege of Suffolk. I was fully prepared for that.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

(Copy to General Halleck.)

MAY 4, 1863.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

I have a communication of General Hill to General Longstreet, of May 2, 1863, in which he reports his arrival with his entire division at or near Carrsville, and asks for orders. His command was then only 14 miles from Suffolk. This is confirmed by telegraph from South Mills, N. C. All the troops that crossed the Chowan were ordered to Suffolk and the supply trains to Franklin, the depot of the railroad from North Carolina. Every arrangement was made by the enemy that is called for by the rules governing a besieging army.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

MAY 4, 1863.

Major-General KEYES,

Commanding, Yorktown:

The enemy commenced his retreat from Suffolk at 9.30 last evening. We are in pursuit. We had a sharp fight yesterday, driving him to his intrenchments. Our loss about 60.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major General.

