
YORKTOWN, VA., May 4, 1863.

Major-General DIX:

The following received a few moments ago from Colonel West:

FORT MAGRUDER.

Colonel SUYDAM:

Intelligence comes to me that cannot be disregarded that the enemy will attack at daylight or before. I have taken every precaution against surprise.

R. M. WEST.

Shall I go down to Fort Monroe in the morning? Please reply immediately.

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General.

[General KEYES:]

Come, if the attack is not made.

J. A. D.
HEADQUARTERS,South Mills, N. C., May 4, 1863-8.30 a. m.

Major General JOHN J. PECK,

Commanding at Suffolk, Va.:

GENERAL: The rebel forces have left all the country between this and the Perquimans River. Captain Reynolds was at Sandy Cross at 3 o'clock this morning. Known Union citizens there informed him that the rebel infantry left Saturday night at sundown and the cavalry at daylight on Sunday morning. The infantry had orders to report at Suffolk, the cavalry at Sunbury, and the wagon train was ordered to be at the Blackwater to-day (Monday). A man who had come through from Sunbury stated that the cavalry on arriving at Sunbury received orders to report at Suffolk. The citizens near Sandy Cross thought that the rebels were still at Suffolk on Sunday night, say at sundown.

Captain Roberts and command reached Woodville this morning at 2 o'clock. The enemy (Third North Cavalry) left there on Saturday night at 9 o'clock. They left two or three sick behind, who, together with several other soldiers were captured by Captain Roberts. Captain Roberts says:

They seem to have gone in the direction of Gatesville. I shall immediately push forward toward Newby's Bridge and ascertain further particulars.

The bearers of the dispatches from Captain Roberts say that the enemy left Woodville apparently in considerable haste, according to reports of citizens.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANKLIN A. STRATTON,

Major, Commanding Detachment at South Mills.

UNITED STATES FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA,

Off Newport News, Va., May 4, 1863.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, U. S. A.,

Commanding Seventh Army Corps, Fortress Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: In view of Major-General Hooker's present movements and of the fact that you have a very considerable army in this department, say 20,000 troops, and understanding to-night that the enemy has disappeared from before Suffolk, I respectfully and earnestly propose to

