
Last night Longstreet's whole force fell to the Blackwater.

General D. H. Hill arrived on the Blackwater at Carrsville the day before yesterday. General Peck has his communication of the 2nd instant reporting his arrival there to General Longstreet.

You can have scarcely anything left to oppose you in North Carolina.

Garnett's brigade arrived at Suffolk more than a week ago.

Hooker has moved and has been fighting.

The enemy will concentrate his whole force between Richmond and Fredericksburg.

In haste, very truly, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.
HDQRS. OUTPOSTS, CAMP FIFTY-EIGHTH Regiment PA. VOLS.,May 4, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Tenth Army Corps:

SIR: I have the honor to report, on the information of my patrol, that the enemy have re-established their posts on Core Creek; also that they were burning or endeavoring to burn the railroad bridge yesterday afternoon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. RICHTER JONES,

Colonel Fifty-eight Regiment, Commanding Outposts.

UNITED STATES FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA,

Off Newport News, Va., May 4, 1863.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, U. S. A.,

Commanding Seventh Army Corps, Fortress Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: In view of the recent sudden and extraordinary calls made upon me for naval defense of military lines and positions I consider it to be my duty to request you to inform me what military posts or occupations in your department require, in your judgment, naval defense, for what reason, and to what extent.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, yours,

S. P. LEE,

Actg. Rear-Admiral, Commanding N. Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

UNITED STATES FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA,

Off Newport News, May 5, 1863.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, U. S. A.,

Commanding Seventh Army Corps, Fortress Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: In your communication to me of the 2nd instant you say:

In regard to differences of opinion between us concerning our respective duties I have done all in by power to confine the knowledge of them to those immediately around me and my official superiors.

I will thank you to let me know what are the "differences of opinion between us concerning our respective duties," to which you refer.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, yours,

S. P. LEE,

Actg. Rear-Admiral, Commanding N. Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

