
infantry to give the Louisiana's guns a chance. The Louisiana opened at once, at my request, and did excellent service.

Cavalry skirmishing was going on in the mean time on the outskirts and in different streets. The enemy after a time began to retreat, taking with them, I sorry to say, the four brass pieces which were in the yard of the academy. The cavalry pursued the several miles, but did not come up with them.

The most unfortunate event connected with the affair was the loss of the gunboats Picket. According to the report of the engineer her magazine exploded just as Captain Nicoll had ordered the men to quarters. It must have arisen from carelessness in opening the magazine. Captain Nicoll and 19 men were killed and 6 wounded. Our loss in the affair is as follows:

Company B, First North Carolina, Lieutenant Lyon: Two killed and 7 wounded.

Company D, Twenty-fourth Massachusetts: Two wounded.

Company B, Twenty-fourth Massachusetts: Four wounded.

Company G., Third New York Artillery: Two killed, 2 wounded, 4 missing.

Third New York Cavalry: Two killed and 25 wounded, slightly.

Company H, Third New York Artillery: One killed and 7 wounded.

The rebels left behind 12 behind and as many wounded, several mortally. We have also some 20 prisoners, and have taken several horses and a good many muskets.

The conduct of the men was generally good. In this hurried report I can make no mention of individual good conduct. Colonel Mix, with his cavalry, did excellently. Lieutenant Garrard made a very handsome charge. Lieutenant Lyon, of the North Carolina Volunteers, displayed great courage. Lieutenants Pendleton and Strong were with Colonel Mix during the fight. No casualties occurred among the officers, with the exception of Adjutant Everett, of the cavalry, shot in the knee. Several horses were shot from under their riders, among them my own.

Captain Murphy has returned after pursuing the enemy to Tranter's Creek. He reports that they carried off many dead and wounded. They have left some at a short distance from town. I shall make proper disposition for the defense of the town to-night. The Plymouth expedition is postponed.

Your obedient servant,

EDWARD E. POTTER,

Commanding Post.

Captain SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Mix, Third New York Cavalry.

SIR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding, the operations of my command on the 4th, 5th, and 6th instant:

In compliance with my instructions I shipped, on the 4th, one company (D) of the Third New York Cavalry and one battery (H) of the Third New York Artillery. They left this post at 11 p. m. and de-

