
FORT MONROE, May 7, 1863.

General GORDON, Yorktown:

(To be sent on board the Spaulding the moment she arrives.)

The cavalry will have gone ere you reach Yorktown. Push on to your destination. General Keyes has gone on to send off the cavalry at once to destroy the railroad bridge of which I spoke, and will see to the landing till you arrive. He will command the movement at present. I hope to be up by 3 p. m. After you left I found it was necessary to push up rapidly. A float for temporary wharf, materials for repairing the old one, intrenching tools, and all necessary supplies have gone. I am anxious that you should reach the point of landing as soon as the mass of your division.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

YORKTOWN, VA., May 7, 1863-7 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The forces sent up the York River this morning have effected a landing at West Point without opposition. No appearance of any enemy in that quarter.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.

WEST POINT, VA., May 7, 1863-7 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Our troops are all landed and in position. A small party of rebel cavalry was found here. We took 5 prisoners and lost 1 of our lieutenants, killed. On one of the prisoners found Richmond papers this morning. Railroad communication between Fredericksburg and Richmond was re-established yesterday (6th), a train of wounded having arrived at Richmond from Guiney's Station, 12 miles from Fredericksburg. They acknowledge a loss of 7,000 or 8,000. It is officially stated that General Hooker is at United States Ford, holding a strong position, well intrenched, and receiving heavy re-enforcements. General McGowan is reported severely wounded. Generals Hill and Heth are on duty again. Ninety-two of Colonel Davis' (Stoneman's) cavalry are with him at Gloucester. Dispatch from Tullahoma (5th), says that General Forrest has captured 1,600 Yankees near Rome, Ga., arms, horses, &amp;c.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

YORKTOWN, VA., May 7, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Colonel Kilpatrick, with the Harris Light Cavalry and Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, have just arrived at Gloucester Point, having accomplished the object of their mission fully and most gallantly. They pursued the enemy to within 3 miles of Richmond, and destroyed a large amount of property and bridges. General Dix and General Keyes left this morning for West Point.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General.

