HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,On the York River, above Yorktown, May 8, 1863-10 a. m.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I received your dispatch of the 6th at 2 o'clock this morning. The rapidity of my movements had, as you were advised, anticipated it. But I will hold my transportation subject to your orders, and no inconvenience can result, as the troops can move more rapidly from their present position than from Suffolk if they are needed on the Rappahannock or even on the James River.

The enemy left Suffolk Sunday night. Our troops were in pursuit on Monday. On Monday night I ordered the movement agreed on. The troops were thrown across the railroad to Norfolk and embarked, and had reached Fort Monroe on Wednesday morning, with the exception of two batteries which marched. Wednesday we were detained by a heavy blow. On Thursday the troops were pushed up to West Point, the wharf repaired, and they were in position and partially intrenched before dark. I sent up materials for repairing the wharf and intrenching tools with the expedition. Nothing was omitted. Brigadier-General Gordon was in command of the troops before Wednesday night. I ordered Major-General Keyes to take 100 cavalry--all he could spare--and go up himself. He conducted the landing with good judgment and great promptness, and I joined him with Major Stewart, my chief engineer, before the landing was completed and shortly after he and General Gordon had commenced putting the troops in position 1 1/2 miles from the wharf on a well-chosen and very defensible line.

The cavalry, under Major Hall, of the Sixth New York, agreeably to my previous order, pushed on at once to White House and destroyed the railroad bridge over the Pamunkey, in the night, under fire from the opposite side. It was very dark, and none of his party were injured. The movement was so prompt that he was only five minutes behind the messenger, who arrived at the White House from the

-----

at West Point with the information of our landing. On his return he encountered and captured a party escorting Lieutenant Estes, aide to Colonel Kilpatrick, and 20 of his men to Richmond. Lieutenant Estes had previously, with his small party, captured and paroled 3 officers and about 20 men, but had been surrounded by the militia, which had turned out en masse.

Major Hall deserves great praise for his promptitude and gallantry. Lieutenant Estes will make a written report to his proper commander. He refused a parole for himself and men when captured. Colonel Kilpatrick has arrived with 700 men at Gloucester Point, 400 of his own and 300 of Colonel Davis' Illinois regiment. He says none of Longstreet's men had left Richmond on Sunday morning. The colonel captured an aide of General Winder within the fortifications, 3 miles from Richmond. He does not believe the railroad connection to Fredericksburg was re-established on Wednesday.

I have 5,000 infantry, two batteries, and 100 cavalry at West Point.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

YORKTOWN, May 8, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel LOUIS H. PELOUZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Monroe, Va.:

I am at this place with my staff and only one regiment of my brigade; the other two regiments are with General Gregg's division. I expected

