HEADQUARTERS OUTPOSTS,Camp Fifty-eighth Regiment Pa. Vols., May 10, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant-Adjutant General, Eighteenth Army Corps:

SIR: I have the honor to report that the enemy have occupied the line of Core Creek in greater force than heretofore, how great I have not yet ascertained. They made a reconnaissance this side the Dover-road bridge on Thursday with a troop of cavalry (of the Sixty-third North Carolina) and some infantry. They have leveled the works I had commenced this side the bridge (at Dover-road Crossing), and have erected field works with two embrasures beyond the creek. Also the bridge itself seems to have had additional work on it since we retired.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. RICHTER JONES.

UNITED STATES FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA,

Off Newport News, Va., May 11, 1863.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, U. S. A.,

Commanding Seventh Army Corps, Fortress Monroe:

GENERAL: In the communication from you dated the 5th and received the 7th instant you state your expectation that the siege of Suffolk will be renewed.

Soon after assuming this command I had the honor to propose to you that all the abandoned rebel earthworks within your lines should be razed. Standing as they do, hardened by age, they tempt the reoccupation by the enemy, to whom it would be but the work of a night to reoccupy them, to mount and casemate guns enough to command the channel, and cut off the communications of the gunboats.

Last fall Commodore Livingston, at my suggestion, leveled the work at Helena which commands the navy-yard.

I respectfully suggest to you that it would be of great advantage to naval operations if you would have the abandoned rebel earthworks on the Lower Nansemond, Elizabeth River, and at Sewell's Point thoroughly leveled, excepting, of course, such as you may deem necessary for military purposes.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, yours,

S. P. LEE,

Actg. Rear-Admiral, Commanding N. Atlantic Blockading Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Department of North Carolina, May 11, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commander-in-Chief U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram of the 8th instant.

I beg leave to say that it was not mainly to obtain re-enforcements that I wished to see you, although I desire above all things, as I am free to confess, the return of the brave men whom I took from this de-

