
partment to that of the South, and who are there subject to mortification and discomfort and a situation apparently of no benefit to the public service.

My object related to contingencies that might arise (and which have now arisen) and what should be my action under the circumstances. I am pleased, personally, that the trip will not now be needed, and that I can now give my whole attention to the necessary preparation. I have made up my mind to meet the enemy at every point and to contest every step so obstinately that its attainment will be made by him with sorrow. I have no fears of any disaster in this department (and with 3,000 more men I could obtain a small victory), but I beg you to believe that whatever efforts may be made against us we will try to give you a satisfactory report.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

YORKTOWN, May 11, [1863.]

Major-General DIX:

I am just down from West Point. The works there are now strong in front, and I left General Gordon at work on batteries near the Point, where at least four 20-pounder Parrotts are necessary, and if you can send back all that were taken from here I can supply them. What I shall recommend for the positions under my immediate command will depend in a great degree on the condition of the Army of the Potomac, which I do not know.

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General.

SUFFOLK, May 12, 1863.

Major-General DIX:

Line from Bowers' to Southern Branch that is shortest and offers an impassable flank rests upon the arm of the Branch near Hodge's, on Martin's place. By Heine's map, 7 miles of Deep Creek would be thrown out, as well as approaches along Dismal Canal. Deep Creek is narrow and would have to be guarded. Please look particularly. Five miles difference, which is very great.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., May 13, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I send you by this evening's mail two Charleston papers of the 9th and 11th, handed to me by the captain of Her Britannic Majesty's steamship Rinaldo, just arrived from that city in forty-five hours. No news except the death of Stonewall Jackson, telegraphed from Richmond on Monday. News from Vicksburg to the 9th. Landing of Federal troops at Young's Point is announced.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

