
Nethercutt's command. After I had secured the prisoners I ordered the house to be set on fire, which was done, and, firing a shell from the howitzer as a parting salute, I slowly retired 2 or 3 miles built large camp fires, posted a strong guard, and encamped for the night, keeping the horses saddled and ready to mount at an instant's notice.

There was no alarm during the night, nor at any subsequent time while I remained on the road, which I did, having no order to retire, until the 15th, when I moved up to Kinston Bridge, and, learning there that messengers had been sent for me, proceeded with my command to within 4 miles of White Hall, where I encamped for the night.

The next morning as the command was passing White Hall it was fired upon by the rebel sharpshooters from the other side of the river. I immediately ordered forward the howitzer, under command of Lieutenant Allis, who opened upon them with shell and canister. After three rounds were received by them they ceased firing and we passed without further molestation, joining the main column the evening of the same day near Goldsborough, not having lost a man killed, wounded, or missing.

I omitted to mention that the prisoners taken, to the number of 20, were turned over to the Fifty-first Massachusetts Regiment, then acting as rear guard, previous to our leaving the Kinston road. This number, however, did not include 3 who were subsequently taken, among whom was a sergeant of Major Nethercutt's band, and were paroled at Kinston on our return, making the whole number of prisoners captured by us while absent from your command 23.

While finding nothing to censure and much to praise in the conduct of every officer and soldier of the command, I cannot but think that the conduct of Lieutenant Chamberlin and Sergeant Beecher, of Company A, who were in charge of the first platoon in the attack upon the rebel pickets, deserves especial commendation. Much of success attending the attack can be attributed to the soldierly qualities and good conduct displayed by them.

I must not neglect to mention Lieutenant Allis and his howitzer, which was always ready when wanted, and did us good service at White Hall.

I might mention others, but when I say that the conduct of all would I think, have fully met your expectations and merited your approval if you had been present, I have said enough.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. HALL,

Captain, Third New York Cavalry.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN MIX.

No. 10. Report of Captain Ferris Jacobs, jr., Third New York Cavalry, of operations December 13 and 14.

NEW BERNE, N. C., December 21, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 13th instant, pursuant to an order from Major-General Foster, I proceeded with my command, of less than 50 men, on the road to the right of my camp until it intersected a road leading into the main highway from New Berne to Kinston about 1/2 miles from the point of intersection.

