
reconnaissance on Friday on the Trent road, at least as far as Trenton Forks, and, if the cavalry can cross the river at the ford above the town, to capture any small parties that may be there.

For the bridge fifteen to twenty or twenty-five 2-inch plank, not less than 12 feet long, will be sufficient, poles with dirt on them answering for the ends near the banks, as far out as earth can conveniently be cast with a shovel; and a team had better ge sent with them to report this evening to the office at Batchelder's Creek bridge and there to await my orders. If I succeed I shall need the team in addition to my own, to transport captured arms, &amp;c., and at all events to bring along lame soldiers.

If there are any further explanations required or suggestions to be made please communicate.

If I have a really good marching regiment in addition to my own I shall prefer the path to the left as a surer course, though it will involve some fording of small streams, mud, &c., and will probably oblige field officers to move on foot.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. RICHTER JONES,

Colonel, Commanding Outposts.

FORT MONROE, VA.,

May 21, 1863-12 noon.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The rails will all be up on the Weldon Railroad beyond Suffolk to-day. To-morrow we commence on the Petersburg Railroad. The troops were in position last night. We hope to save 7,000 tons of iron, but expect to fight for it.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

FORT MONROE, May 21, 1863.

Major-General PECK:

The articles relating to removing rails came from the correspondent of the Associated Press and not from the correspondent of the Herald. Mr. Thompson will call on you to-day. I think him a reliable man.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

SUFFOLK, May 21, 1863.

Major General JOHN A. DIX:

General Getty writes me that a report is current throughout the country that Suffolk is to be abandoned. He was informed that it originated with the adjutant of the One hundred and forty-eighth New York Volunteers. Stories of the greatest absurdity are circulated by officers, and I think this one should be investigated, as a caution to officers.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

