
struction I found at the distance of a quarter of a mile a long earthwork with two embrasures for cannon, extending about 200 yards on each side of the road. There were also huts erected for a regiment. Two rebel cavalrymen were seen as we approached in rear of the earthwork, and I was informed by Mrs. Noble that 12 comprised the whole force of the enemy at this point. These eluded our pursuit, which was continued for about a mile. From Noble's road runs to the Trent River. The bridge has been burned, and I learned that the river was unfordable at this point. I therefore countermarched and proceeded by the road which unites the Trent and Kinston roads, 4 miles beyond the forks, to Trenton Bridge. A few of the enemy's cavalry dismounted fire upon us from the town, but retreated too rapidly to permit their capture, although I forded the river immediately and chased them 3 miles, by the road which leads out of Trenton, up the river.

Not more than a dozen of the enemy were seen, and this appeared to be the force of pickets maintained in Trenton, which is relieved daily from Tuckahoe, 16 miles distant. While I was in Trenton two small unoccupied buildings were burned by some one of my command without orders.

I bivouacked at the forks of the roads and this morning sent out a platoon, 4 miles by the Kinston road, which saw no signs of the enemy. After waiting for further orders until 4 o'clock p. m. at the Forks I returned to camp.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. HALL,

Captain Company G, Third New York Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 25, 1863.

Major-General DIX, Commanding, &amp;c.:

Have you it in your power to obtain reliable information of the transfer of troops from Charleston to Richmond? From recent indications it is of great importance that this fact should be ascertained as early as practicable.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

FORT MONROE, May 25, 1863-3 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER:

I am informed from three different sources, and do not doubt, that troops have gone from South Carolina and Georgia, but whether to Bragg or Lee not quite certain. The greater part of Longstreet's forces, recently on the Blackwater, are near Richmond, ready to move either on Fredericksburg or West Point.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, VA.,

May 26, 1863-11 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Major-General Ord, who has come down this evening from West Point, recommends, with the concurrence of General E. D. Keyes and

