
left by you at the headquarters of the department, either in the form of a report or statement of the services of Colonel West and his troops; nor could I find among the telegraphic dispatches a single one giving any but the most meager account of the advance and retreat of the enemy. Thus you will perceive if there is a fault anywhere it is not due to the "partiality" unjustly imputed tome, but to your omission to leave on the files of the department the data necessary to enable me to do justice, as I would most cheerfully have done at the proper time, to Colonel West and his command.

You will please send to him a copy of this letter, with a request that it may be communicated to his officers.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF N. C., EIGHTEENTH A. C., Numbers 81. New Berne, May 26, 1863.

The commanding general, in common with the officers and men of this command, is called upon to mourn the loss of a most gallant officer, Colonel J. Richter Jones, Fifty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, who fell at the head of his regiment on the evening of May 23, whilst repelling an attack on the outposts.

Colonel Jones won the admiration of all in this department by the indefatigable, able, and gallant manner with which he filled the arduous duties of commander of the outposts. He died whilst yet enjoying the triumph of a victory won by his valor and counsel. To the service, to this department, and to his regiment this death has been a sad loss; and to all here, and to those at home whom he loved, the commanding general offers his most sincere sympathy. May his bright example lead many to tread the arduous path of duty with as pure an appreciation of duty and with as firm unswerving tread as he.

All the flags in this department will be carried at half-mast for the three days following the receipt of this order, and at this post half-hour guns will be fired from Forts Totten and Rowan from sunrise to sunset to-morrow, May 27.

By command of Major General J. G. Foster:

[SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT MONROE, May 27, 1863.

Major-General PECK:

We are threatened with an attack at West Point, and I shall be obliged to call on you for some troops and guns. General Ord is on his way here. He took command there yesterday.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

SUFFOLK, May 27, 1863.

Major-General DIX:

Will the Provisional Brigade answer? Wardrop and Wistar are in it. Wardrop is one of my best officers. The Ninety-ninth is equal to thrice its number of ordinary men.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

