
FORT MONROE, May 27, 1863.

Major-General PECK:

The Provisional Brigade will do. Have it ready to move at a moment's warning. I am waiting dispatches from Washington. Unless Hooker does something the question of retaining West Point becomes a doubtful one.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

SUFFOLK, May 27, 1863.

Major-General DIX:

Will have brigade ready. Unless Hooker moves, that position will be very hazardous indeed.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

MAY 27, 1863-12 m.

Major General E. D. KEYES,

Commanding, &amp;c., Yorktown:

Do you know of any force of the enemy to prevent Colonel Kilpatrick with his two regiments from crossing the country from Gloucester to Urbana, and are his horses in suitable condition to make the march? All of the enemy's cavalry in my front are at Culpeper, and he has no infantry below Fort Royal. From Urbana Colonel Kilpatrick's command could be ferried over the Rappahannock, under cover of the gunboats, should it be necessary. Please reply without delay.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

FORT MONROE, VA., May 27, 1863.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

I send below a dispatch from Major-General Keyes in reply to yours. I have received a dispatch from General Gordon advising me of a force on the Mattapony and that he is threatened with an attack. About 200 of Colonel Kilpatrick's men are not mounted. I wish you would leave them with me at present. I need them very much at West Point, where I have only 200 cavalry. I will endeavor to get horses for them in Gloucester County.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

Major-General HOOKER,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

I know of no force to prevent Colonel Kilpatrick crossing to Urbana, if he can cross the Rappahannock safely; their horses in fair condition.

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, May 28, 1863.

Major-General DIX, Fort Monroe:

My information is that Lee is massing all his forces on the Rappahannock. As General Hooker reports directly to the President I know

