
DETACHED.*

10th Connecticut, Colonel John J. Otis.

11th Maine, Colonel H. M. Plaisted.

24th Massachusetts, Colonel F. A. Osborn.

39th Illinois, Colonel Thomas O. Osborn.

56th New York, Colonel Charles H. Van Wyck.

100th New York, Colonel George B. Dandy.

---- New York Battalion.

62nd Ohio, Colonel Francis B. Pond.

67th Ohio, Colonel Alvin C. Voris.

52nd Pennsylvania, Colonel J. C. Dodge, jr.

85th Pennsylvania, Colonel Joshua B. Howell.

104th Pennsylvania, Lieutenant Colonel T. D. Hart.

174th Pennsylvania, Colonel John Nyce.

176th Pennsylvania, Colonel A. A. Lechler.

UNITED STATES FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA,

Off Newport News, June 1, 1863.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, U. S. A.,

Commanding Seventh Army Corps, Fortress Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: I had the honor verbally to inform you, shortly after the receipt of my instructions in the matter, which were dated January 3, that I was prohibited from admitting supplies within this blockade for foreign men-of-war, themselves allowed here only by courtesy, and to afford such vessels when they were in distress for coal with only enough to enable them to get to Annapolis, where their wants could be satisfied. I availed myself of the opportunity when Commander Thrupp, R. N., commanding H. M. S. Desperate, was here yesterday morning to communicate this information to him, and to tell him that the admission of a collier for H. M. S. Rinaldo, on the 19th ultimo, during my recent absence, was allowed by the officer left in command in ignorance of my order on the subject. In the course of conversation he informed me that he had been in the habit of getting coal from Colonel Thomas, quartermaster of this post, and that Colonel Thomas in such cases sent for more coal to supply the vacancy thus occasioned, apparently not being informed of the requirement of the blockade in this respect.

I would respectfully observe that it is a violation of the blockade (under my instructions from the Department for its preservation) to turn over to foreign men-of-war supplies of any kind which have been introduced within its lines for the United States troops, and I would suggest that instructions be issued to prevent such violation in future.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, yours,

S. P. LEE,

Actg. Rear-Admiral, Commanding N. Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

FORT MONROE, VA., June 2, 1863-3.30 p. m.

(Received 4.30 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I have just received the following dispatch from General Peck. Will you please communicate it to General Hooker?

I have a man who left Richmond last week. He says Pickett's division passed through, the day before he left, for Fredericksburg. It had been there and partici-

---------------

*For service in Department of the South.

---------------

