
pated in the funeral of Jackson. General Elzey commands in the city. Citizens and soldiers talk of Lee's moving into Maryland with 85,000 men. Says the most of Longstreet's troops that left Blackwater stopped about Richmond in consequence of the alarm resulting from the raids. General Ewell made lieutenant-general.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

Copy of this has been sent to Major-General Hooker.

THOS. T. ECKERT,

Major, &amp;c.

YORKTOWN, VA., June 2, 1863-12.30 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

It seems apparent from the rumors that reached me that a movement of rebel troops is going on from south to north, and that the idea prevails over the lines that an invasion of Maryland and Pennsylvania is soon to be made. I have heard nothing definite, but all the rumors concur to produce the impression stated.

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General.

(Copy to General Halleck.)
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Monroe, Va., June 2, 1863.

Actg. Rear-Admiral S. P. LEE,

Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron:

ADMIRAL: When I received your letter of the 23rd of April advising me that you considered the President's proclamation of the 31st March as superseding his order of the 11th November last I had no information on the subject to warrant me in giving it a definite answer. I have recently, and in several instances, seen letters from the Treasury Department informing individuals in reply to inquiries made by them that the whole matter of trade with Norfolk was still under my control by virtue of the order referred to. I would respectfully suggest under these circumstances that you ascertain from the President himself, through the Navy Department, whether the order is in force, unless you are satisfied with the view taken by the Treasury Department, which is constantly granting permits on my certificates as heretofore.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Monroe, Va., June 2, 1863.

Captain C. B. WILDER,

Asst. Quartermaster and Superintendent of Contrabands:

The major-general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this date relating to certain contrabands awaiting transportation to Norfolk, &c., and in reply to state that he has referred so much of said communication as relates to the said contrabands to Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas, chief quartermaster,

for report thereon.

