
As to the definition of your powers and duties under your instructions from the War Department, dated January 28, 1863, I am also requested to state that colored persons (contrabands or otherwise) who are employed and paid by the several chiefs of the staff departments as laborers are entirely under the control of the said chiefs of departments, and that no passes to these persons can be given by you except as may be authorized by the said chiefs of departments; that passes to others (contrabands or colored vagrants) not employed as mentioned above may be given by you to Hampton, Fox Hill, and other places within the lines this side of Yorktown, but cannot be given by you either to come inside fort Monroe or any other military post, or to go on board public transports from one place to another in this department, or to go out of the department, and that all passes for such purposes must be submitted to and receive the indorsement of the proper military authority before they can be used or become valid.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. T. VAN BUREN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT MONROE, VA.,

June 3, 1863-2 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

From all that can be gathered a good many conscripts have gone to General Lee. Beauregard's troops have not gone in that direction. They have probably gone to Vicksburg, as well as the troops from Georgia. Longstreet was at Petersburg last week. It is reported to-day that he dined at South Quay, below Franklin, on the Blackwater, yesterday.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJT. GEN 'S OFFICE, Numbers 249. Washington, June 3, 1863.

* * * * *

II. Brigadier General Hector Tyndale, U. S. Volunteers, will report for duty to Major General John A. Dix, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Department of Virginia.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

UNITED STATES FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA,

Off Newport News, June 3, 1863.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, U. S. A.,

Commanding Seventh Army Corps, Fortress Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: I have received your letter of yesterday regarding permits for Norfolk trade, and have referred the case to the Navy Department with your suggestions.

I would be much obliged to you if you would cause me to be advised by telegraph or otherwise, as most convenient, when opportunities occur for sending mails, dispatches, or passengers by the quartermaster's boats from Fortress Monroe to New Berne or Beaufort. I am

