
often much embarrassed for means of communicating with this squadron on the coast off Wilmington and in the Sounds of North Carolina, and not unfrequently steamers leave for the above-mentioned ports before I can avail myself of the opportunities they afford.

I beg leave to acknowledge the willingness and courtesy with which dispatches, passengers, and sometimes stores have been taken and delivered for the Navy by the army transports.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, yours,

S. P. LEE,

Actg. Rear-Admiral, Commanding N. Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

UNITED STATES FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA,

Off Newport News, June 13, 1863.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, U. S. A.,

Commanding Seventh Army Corps, Fortress Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: In reply to your letter of June 2 on the supposed superseding of the President's order of November 11, 1862, by the President's proclamation of March 31, 1863, with respect to Norfolk trade, I beg to inform you that according to your suggestion I referred the matter to the Department on the 3rd, and in reply, under date of the 9th, received this morning, I am instructed that the order of November 11, 1862, is not considered suspended. I have instructed the guard vessels accordingly.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, yours,

S. P. LEE,

Actg. Rear-Admiral, Commanding N. Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

PETERSBURG, VA., August 28, 1862.

General S. COOPER:

The Federal fleet (nine gunboats) which came up the river yesterday has gone down James River to its out-anchorage off Westover and come to. No Federal vessels in James River above that point (Westover). The fleet landed a small force at City Point last night; also a small party on the Appomattox River in order to flank one of my signal stations. They were disappointed in their object. The post, not being armed, fell back. Is there no possible means of arming the signal corps, at least with revolvers? I understand the Navy Department has a number.

Your obedient servant,

J. F. MILLIGAN,

Captain, &amp;c.

PETERSBURG, VA., August 29, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant [and Inspector]-General:

The Federal fleet off Berkley (nineteen gunboats, including the monitor Galena) got under way this morning at 10 a. m. and stood down the river. At 12 m. one of my signal men telegraphed from Berkley that the fleet [was out] of sight from that point, heading down the river.

J. F. MILLIGAN.

