
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 1. Richmond, Va., August 30, 1862.

I. By direction of the War Department Major General G. W. Smith assumes command of the defenses of Richmond and its approaches.

II. The officers whose names are herein announced constitute the staff: Major Samuel W. Melton, assistant adjutant-general; Surg. E. S. Gaillard, medical director; Major A. F. Cone, chief quartermaster; Major B. McKennie, assistant quartermaster; Major S. B. French, chief commissary; Major R. F. Beckham, ordnance officer; Lieutenant James Howard, C. S. Artillery, aide-de-camp.

G. W. SMITH,

Major-General.

THREE MILES FROM TUNSTALL'S STATION,

Cross-Roads, New Kent, August 30, 1862.

Major SAMUEL W. MELTON:

MAJOR: The enemy advanced to-day to New Kent Court-House and to Forge Mill, on the Diascund road. At the latter place 150 cavalry reported. My scouts were fired upon by 40 or 50 men just this side of New Kent Court-House. New Kent is about 9 miles from me, and Forge Mill about 7 or 8 miles. I send scouts out again to-night. I understand that the Yankees are about leaving Williamsburg, and these parties may be assuring their rear.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. SHINGLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

AUGUST 31--8.30 p. m.

GENERAL: The above note has just been received. I expect some thing more definite by to-morrow morning.

Yours, respectfully,

G. W. S.
HEADQUARTERS,Petersburg, Va. September 8, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In pursuance to your instructions by indorsement on back of a letter of John Goode, jr., I have the honor to report that the complaints made by owners of negroes at work here on the defenses are founded on misrepresentations. The negroes are well taken care of.

2nd. The work is in the main part completed from the Appomattox River to near where it will cross the Jerusalem road. About four-fifths of the work is therefore finished.

3rd. Could the engineer department procure, say, 150 negroes, these might be discharged on Saturday next, notwithstanding.

4th. That General Hill promised with his force to obstruct the Roanoke River, because it can be done by the engineer force and such as I can procure voluntarily in that section of country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. FRENCH,

Brigadier-General.

