
Colonel Daniel to return with his command as soon as the expedition is over. Strike the hardest blow you can. Communicate with me as often as practicable.

With full confidence in your judgment, and wishing you every success, I remain yours, truly,

G. W. SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Wakefield, Va., September 17, 1862.

General S. G. FRENCH:

GENERAL: I fear very much that unless the business of building the bridge and repairing the railroad be pushed our expedition will be a very discreditable failure to us all. Captain [Charles H.] Dimmock has returned to Petersburg without my seeing him, so I do not know what arrangement he has made; but there are no materials whatever here--no timber, no tools, and no car-logs to haul the timber. The bridge can best be built somewhere on the railroad, and when this is finished transported down to Zuni; but if the enemy choose to they can prevent t until they are driven away. Whatever we are to do must be done quickly, or all our trouble will be in vain.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. PETTIGREW,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-This was written before I received your note at night, but it may as well go.

WEDNESDAY NIGHT, [September 17, 1862.]

General S. G. FRENCH:

GENERAL: I have just received your note. You say nothing about Daniel, but I suppose your note to him gives all the requisite directions. I inclose a note from Ferebee just come in. The captain you saw in my tent said he thought some artillery had gone up by the river. Nevertheless I am surprised at the amount, for I was told that a lady arrive at Franklin with dates up to Monday, and said there were only six pieces. I shall order Burroughs to withdraw his pickets Saturday night and rendezvous his force at Isle of Wight Court-House early on Sunday morning, and proceed thence to the river opposite to Suffolk, upon the supposition that we are to advance Sunday unless you make a different disposition. Do send a courier to hunt up Lieutenant Iredell, my ordnance officer, and send him down here. I hope Morey will have forage collected for us at Franklin. I think it would be well to order down some extra surgeons. I am very poorly off in that line. Upon the strength of the eighteen pieces I inclose an order for the two iron 32s and a very good company. Moseley has not men enough in his command to justify more guns. If they are to come to me here it must be by rail, and I wish you would give an order for transportation. But I rather think they had better go by land, and if you agree with me please alter the inclosed order so as to make them report at Franklin instead of Wakefield and send it out to Moseley's camp.

Very truly, yours,

J. J. PETTIGREW,

Brigadier-General.

