
our midst, that they will commit the crime of treason according to the laws of Congress, and must not expect to escape its penalties. While thousands upon thousands of our best and bravest have cheerfully obeyed the law, and by their patriotic valor have driven the enemy back to the Potomac, it would be an intolerable outrage upon them to permit others to shirk or evade the law, or worse still, to resist it by open violence. Let no one, therefore, be deceived. The law will be enforced, and I appeal to all loyal and patriotic citizens to sustain those who are charged with its execution.

Given under my hand and attested by the great seal of the State. Done at the city of Raleigh the 18th day of September, 1862.

Z. B. VANCE,

By the Governor:

R. H. BATTLE, JR.,

Private Secretary.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 2. Raleigh, N. C., September 9, 1862.

I. All persons liable to military duty under the conscription law are hereby required to come to the camp of instruction near this city at once. Those doing so will be allowed to select the infantry regiments they wish to join, and unless full they will be assigned accordingly.

II. The regiments of infantry and artillery on duty in this State are authorized to enlist conscripts to increase company of infantry and heavy artillery to 100 men, but not exceeding it, and light batteries to 150 men.

By command of Brigadier General J. G. Martin:

A. GORDON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE OF N. CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPT., A. G. O.,

Raleigh, N. C., September 22, 1862.

The $50 bounty will be paid to all men who come into camp under this call before they leave to join their regiments.

J. G. MARTIN,

Adjutant-General.

ENGINEER BUREAU,

Richmond, Va., October 9, 1862.

Colonel WALTER GWYNN, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: By direction of the honorable Secretary of War you are hereby assigned, as an agent of the Department, to make an examination of the navigable water-course in the eastern part of the State of North Carolina, viz, the Neuse, Tar, Roanoke, and Chowan Rivers, with a view to their defense against a naval and land attack. It is desirable to control the rivers as far down as possible, and thus afford all the protection in our power to plantations and other property along their borders. To be effective the defense in each case will consist of two distinct parts: First, the placing of strong obstructions in the channel of the river; second, batteries (with works of proper strength for defense against a land attack) so placed on the bank as to have a complete command of the obstructing works. As the garrison that can be furnished for each fort will have to be small, the facilities for sending succor to

