HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., October 13, 1862.

Major-General FRENCH,

Commanding Department of North Carolina:

GENERAL: In giving instructions for replacing incompetent men on signal duty by other details the major-general commanding designed to restrict such details to your command proper, his authority over men from other armies who may be in hospital only continuing so long as they are properly retained as inmates. He directs that you will regard General Lee's orders in reference to Sergt. H. M. Cottingham, Company B, Second Georgia Battalion, and Private Thomas F. Holly, Company H, Third Alabama Regiment, as imperative, and remand these men to their respective commands. Their placed in the Signal Corps will be supplies by details from your own command. An order has been issued to-day (a copy of which has been furnished you) assigning Colonel Walter Gwynn, civil engineer, to the duty of examining the Neuse, Tar, Roanoke, and Chowan Rivers, with a view to their defenses, and directing you to assist as far as possible with the forces under your command. If possible, two other engineer officers will assist in pressing the works forward. It is very desirable that measures be taken to procure labor from the planters along these rivers, and the major-general commanding desires that whatever may be necessary to that end be done promptly.

If the people will furnish the assistance reasonably expected of them the works can be completed at an early day.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

SAML. W. MELTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ENGINEER BUREAU,

Richmond, Va., October 14, 1862.

Lieutenant W. G. BENDER,

Corps of Engineers, Provisional Army, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Herewith I hand you an order to proceed to Goldsborough, N. C., and report to Colonel Walter Gwynn, civil engineer, for duty. As an assistant in the operations committed to Colonel Gwynn, in addition to the ordinary duties of the engineer, you are charged with the disbursements of all funds to be expended in payment for materials and workmanship applied in the construction of defenses along the rivers of Eastern North Carolina and for surveys of the country bordering thereon. For this purpose funds will be placed to your credit with the treasurer of the Confederate States at Richmond, Va. You will keep and render this Bureau, for transmission to the Treasury, the monthly and quarterly statements and accounts as required by the Army Regulations. On your application to this office the necessary blank forms will be supplied.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. GILMER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Bureau.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Richmond, October 17, 1862.

His Excellency ZEBULON B. VANCE, Governor of North Carolina:

MY DEAR SIR: The resolution adopted at a meeting of the citizens of Onslow County, North Carolina, referred to my by you, were duly received, and have occupied my serious attention.

