
detached, with orders to remain at Beaver Creek, guarding our rear; this regiment rejoined my command on the evening of the 14th.

On approaching the battle-field of Kinston on the morning of the 14th, by order of the commanding general I detached the Twenty-third and Forty-third Massachusetts to the right and left of the road, respectively, in support of batteries. The Seventeenth was sent to the extreme right to support Colonel Heckman, Ninth New Jersey, in advance. While superintending this movement on the right the Twenty-third and Forty-gradually advancing, as did the entire line, driving the enemy to the bridge. On the right I posted the Forty-third to cut off the forces of the enemy on the river road from the bridge, and a portion of these, some 60 in number, shortly afterward surrendered to Major Chambers, Twenty-third Massachusetts.

In this action the Forty-fifth suffered most severely, as indicated by their return of the killed and wounded, hereto annexed,* together with the reports of regimental commanders, to which I beg leave to refer for particulars. The different regiments of my brigade were, during most of the action, scattered through the wood or separated in support of batteries. All who came under my observation conducted themselves with commendable steadiness and gallantry.

In the action at White Hall on the 16th, my brigade being in advance, three of the regiments (the Seventeenth, Twenty-third, and Forty-fifth) were immediately engaged, with what effect could not be ascertained, as the enemy was posed in intrenchments on the opposite side of the river, which was not fordable. These regiments did their whole duty, remaining under fire as far in advance as possible, until I was directed to withdraw them in order to allow the artillery to occupy this position, which was done, and the guns of the enemy soon afterward silenced. In resuming the march from White Hall I was directed to detach the Seventeenth to re-enforce the advance guard, under Colonel Heckman, Ninth New Jersey. The remainder of my brigade took position in the rear of the column.

On the morning of the 17th I was further directed to detach a regiment with the battery which was to hold Thompson's Ford, 5 miles above, which order I complied with, sending the Forty-third Massachusetts under Colonel Holbrook.

In the engagement at Goldsborough Bridge the three remaining regiments of my brigade were not brought into action. Colonel Heckman, of the Ninth New Jersey, will doubtless report upon the conduct of the Seventeenth in that action. Their list of wounded proves them to have been completely engaged, and the successful accomplished of the object of the expedition in the destruction of the railroad bridge is the only comment I need make on their efficiency.

When all did their duty well it seems unnecessary to mention names, but I feel compelled in this place to testify to the fidelity with which Dr. Galloupe, the senior surgeon of my brigade, discharged his duties. His efficiency at all times, and his care of the wounded, merits the highest praise.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. J. C. AMORY,

Colonel Seventeenth Massachusetts Vols., Commanding First Brigade.

Major SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, New Berne, N. C.

---------------

*See revised statement, p.60.

---------------

