
tot he proper geographical boundary of the district about Wilmington. General Whiting, I understand, is to be ordered to report directly here. I sent you a telegram to-day informing you that the place for delivering paroled prisoners was changed to City Point, and directed the adjutant-general (Major Melton) to send a letter of instructions. The commissioner (Major Ould) will go over to-morrow, and I send an officer of my staff to confer with your officers in your absence and endeavor to assist in making the necessary arrangements. General Lee, under date of the 10th instant, writes that when the regiments are filled by conscripts-

They could surely, in addition to those you now have, enable you to secure the forage, bee,f and pork in the eastern part of the State. This is not only important, but will be necessary, in my opinion, to insure a supply of provisions for the army, and I hope you will use every effort to accomplish it.

This he writes me in answer to my letters to him in regard to matters in your department. There can be no question in regard to the importance of securing the supplies referred to, and I am perfectly aware of the fact that you are and have been for a long time of this opinion. At the same time always keep an eye to Petersburg and Weldon and the railroad. It is a difficult question to solve and a hard task to perform with small means. The division I asked for has not been sent, but keep me informed of the exact condition of affairs, and I will do everything in my power to support and assist you. I hope to be able to send you the heavy guns asked for at the obstructions. Will write you more fully upon this to-morrow. He was requested to see you in person without delay, and to carry out your views and instructions. He said that he would do so cheerfully.

Respectfully and truly, yours,

G. W. SMITH,

Major-General.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, November 12, 1862.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

MY DEAR SIR: I have accept the proposition of Colonel Northrop, Commissary-General, to collect with my own agents all the supplies possible in Eastern North Carolina, and my agents are already down there at work. Two of the richest counties in the State are Gates and Hertford, and I am extremely anxious to strip them first. It is necessary, however, to have some protection and assistance from the troops. I therefore earnestly request that you will order General French to send Colonel Ferebee's Regiment, Fifty-ninth (who were raised in that section), with a section of artillery to Winton, on the Chowan. By so doing the whole county of Hertford could be stripped in their rear and much brought across the Chowan from Gates. It seems to me this can be done with great advantage to the service.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

Z. B. VANCE.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, November 12, 1862.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

MY DEAR SIR: Will you do me the favor to read the inclosed letter? It is from a highly intelligent and patriotic gentleman in the mountains

