
been submitted to the commanding general. When the pressure of the enemy on the north will permit, forces, should, and I have no doubt will, be detached south of James River. Until such time I do not see how the permanent force at Wilmington can be materially increased; but in emergency all disposable force within reach would be sent at once to the support of this or any other important point in imminent danger of immediate attack by superior forces.

G. W. SMITH,

Major-General.

This has been adequately attended to by General Smith.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., November 14, 1862.

Major General S. G. FRENCH,

Commanding Department of North Carolina, Petersburg, Va.:

GENERAL: Your two letters in regard to boundary of the Wilmington District and report of your recent movement against the enemy, with inclosed note to Secretary of War, are received. I will lay them before the Secretary in the morning.

A letter from Governor Vance to the President, dated the 12th, was referred to me to-day. The Governor requests the President to order that certain points on the Chowan be occupied by troops. I recommended that the letter be sent you; that would, without further instructions, do everything for the best interests of the service. I congratulate you upon preventing their forward movement, and only regret that they retired before giving you an opportunity to punish them. Three guns on their way here from Wilmington have been ordered to be turned over to you for use in the works at the obstructions. This order was given, I understand, by the Ordnance Bureau. I hope to be able to get more guns for you soon.

The Secretary of War, on the application of the Commissary-General, has directed that no permits are to be given allowing flour to be shipped out of Virginia for private use.

Colonel Ball, from Fredericksburg, telegraphs to-night that the enemy are moving upon him in some force and asks help. Things seem to be quiet in front of General Lee. General Johnston has reported for duty. It is understood that he will be ordered to the army in Tennessee and Mississippi.

Respectfully and truly, yours,

G. W. SMITH,

Major-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, November 15, 1862.

Honorable S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary of the Navy:

DEAR SIR: His Excellency Governor Vance has received your letter stating that he had the control of a quantity of railroad iron and asking his consent to have the same rolled into plate to be used upon boats now being built in this State.

His Excellency presumes that your informant, Commander Cooke,

