
In both actions the officers and men of my command behaved admirably, each seeming to vie with the other as to who should best perform his duty.

Respectfully submitted.

J. G. CHAMBERS,

Major, Commanding Twenty-third Massachusetts Volunteers.

Colonel T. J. C. AMORY,

Commanding First Brigade, Department of North Carolina.

No. 15. Report of Colonel Charles L. Holbrook, Forty-third Massachusetts Infantry.
HDQRS. FORTY-THIRD Regiment MASSACHUSETTS VOLS.,Camp Rogers, December 23, 1862.

SIR: At your request I respectfully submit the following statement of such matters of importance as occurred in this regiment during the campaign from which we have just returned:

The regiment has taken no active part in any of the engagements, but at the battle of While Hall we lost 1 man.

On the march of the column toward Goldsborough this regiment was detached and ordered to Spring Bank Bridge, when four companies were detailed as skirmishers and the remaining companies bivouacked for the night. Captain Tyler, of Company I, had 1 man killed, and Captain Doane, of Company E, had 1 wounded. The regiment marched at 12.30 a.m. to join the column on their return from Goldsborough.

D. A. Jackson, private Company I, reports having been taken prisoner the second day out, and, after being stripped of everything and kept for half a day, he was paroled. He then marched beyond Kinston till he met the hospital wagons returning with the wounded from White Hall; he got in and rode back to Kinston. He returned to New Berne in one of the gunboats.

The men are suffering severely from their feet being badly blistered and the opinion of the surgeon is that they should have rest for three or four days, and, with your approval, I propose to dispense with all drills until after Christmas.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. L. HOLBROOK,

Colonel Forty-third Massachusetts Volunteers.

Lieutenant E. T. PARKINSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 16. Report of Colonel Charles R. Codman, Forty-fifth Massachusetts Infantry, of engagements at Kinston and White Hall, December 14 and 16.
HDQRS. FORTY-NINTH MASSACHUSETTS MILITIA,December 22, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that eight companies of this regiment (two being on detached service) were engaged in two actions during the late expedition into the interior of North Carolina.

