
and pickets during the next week; let this be known. If I cannot, the expectation of it may do good. I am confident the enemy are now weak on the Williamsburg Peninsula. As soon as possible arrange your vedettes, couriers, and pickets as you proposed in your last, and as I approved, and advance your whole force as far as your judgment will approve. Let them come to Drewry's; we are ready. Do not allow Mrs. Vaiden or servant-no one-to pass your lines downward. She is a daughter of Mrs. Piggott, an arch traitoress. Move your camp and advance your pickets if you can get forage. I think you can. News has just come that General Lee has beaten the enemy at all points near Fredericksburg. Now is your time to make a rapid demonstration. Do it, if you dare. We have no paper of particulars as to Fredericksburg. Be unceasing in moving.

Yours, truly,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

GOLDSBOROUGH, N. C., December 14, 1862.

General FRENCH:

After severe fighting all day General Evans retired this evening across the river and destroyed the bridge. The enemy are now shelling Kinston, and General Evans will make another stand on heights overlooking the town. He reports their strength at 22,000. Our loss severe; enemy's very great.

Z. B. VANCE.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., December 14, 1862.

General GUSTAVUS W. SMITH, Weldon, N. C.:

General Lee telegraphs, in reply to the substance of your letter, as follows:

I think it best to draw re-enforcements you propose, and all available from North and South Carolina. Keep guards to batteries on James River.

By the re-enforcements you propose, and all available from North and South Carolina. Keep guards to batteries on James River.

By the re-enforcements you propose, General Lee means such as you propose to draw from here.

J. A. SEDDON

Secretary of War.

PETERSBURG, VA., December 14, 1862.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON:

We have nothing from Kinston since my note sent by courier General Whiting reports Banks' fleet at Beaufort. Is there any news from Fredericksburg? I expect to leave at 8 o'clock to-night, and would like to hear from there before I start.

G. W. SMITH,

Major-General.

WILMINGTON, N. C., December 15, 1862.

Brigadier General S. R. GIST, Florence, S. C.,:

There will be an officer to meet you on the other side of Cape Fear River. I have a room for you, Clem, and Colquitt. The enemy had

51 R R-VOL XVIII

