
fallen back 1 mile from Kinston last night. To-day no communication with Kinston. Have not heard from there to-day. We have driven the enemy some 2 miles in Virginia.

J. H. HILL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, N. C., December 15, 1862.

Major General GUSTAVUS W. SMITH,

Commanding, Goldsborough, N. C.:

GENERAL: If compelled to fall back from Goldsborough I think the best line to take will be toward Raleigh a short distance. If Foster has conceived the idea of marching on Wilmington from Goldsborough, as is said by prisoners, his communication will be cut by your people when he moves. I can be aided by Beauregard with the hope of stopping him on the northeast bank of Cape Fear River. If, on the other hand, he is disposed to go toward Weldon you can play the same move.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., December 15, 1862.

Major-General ELZEY, Commanding, &amp;c.:

The major-general commanding directs that the three Mississippi regiments of Davis' brigade, with the batteries, and three select regiments of Daniel's brigade, with the battery, be put on the march for Goldsborough at once by railroad. I have notified General Daniel and Colonel Stone to provide their commands with five days' rations and be in readiness. Colonel Walker, commanding city guard, has been directed to return to their commands the companies in the city belonging to the above-mentioned brigades. You will direct six companies of the Fifty-ninth Georgia Regiment (Colonel Jack Brown) to report to Colonel Walker at once in place of the companies so relieved. Each regiment will carry in with it one first-rate ammunition wagon and team.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. W. MELTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., December 15, 1862.

General R. E. LEE, Fredericksburg, Va.,:

General G. W. Smith, by courier from Petersburg, reports the enemy, 22,000 strong, to be pressing Evans at Kinston. The railroad connection and Raleigh must, he fears, be lost without further support. He proposes to withdraw re-enforcements from this vicinity and the Blackwater, trusting to you to sustain the city if absolutely necessary. As I see no instant prospect of attack here I approves his purpose, but deem it proper to inform you.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

