
known bad character, whether engaged in any of the late outrages or not. He will be aided by six companies of cavalry, scouring the mountain regions in Washington, Carter, and Johnson Counties, Tennessee. Colonel W. H.. Thomas, with 200 whites and Indians of his legion, is operating in Madison, and will go into Haywood, Jackson, and Cherokee rest all deserters and recusant conscripts and all tories who have been engaged in unlawful practices on the Tennessee line of the mountains. He will be aided by cavalry and infantry. I have ordered Major Garrett to arrest all deserters he may find and to clear the counties lying adjacent to the mountains of them before he returns to his command. I am satisfied they are leagued with disloyal men frequently and perpetrate many of the crimes which are committed in this part of the State. Believing that it will be of service to your State to get rid of such a population as that inhabiting the Laurel region I have proposed to allow all who are not implicated in any crime to leave the State and to aid them crossing into Kentucky. I am informed that nearly the whole population are desirous of accepting this offer. They will be driven to do so from necessity, as I learn our troops have consumed all the corn and meat in the settlement. If the people alluded to agree to emigrate I will cause them to be paid for their property used by our troops. Those who are of good character and who have not been guilty of any offense have not been molested by our troops, and will not of course be included among the number who are to be induced to emigrate as mentioned. I propose to give all tories of bad character who may be arrested the option of going to prison (unless they find security for good behavior) or of enlisting in the army. If they enlist they will be sent to Mississippi, from whence they will not find it so easy to desert. I am in hopes the measures adopted will secure peace and security to the families of our soldiers and to the good citizens living in this region of the State. I feel gratified in being able to assist in producing such results, and shall at any future trial be glad to serve your State, which has become endeared to the army by the patriotism exhibited by her children at home and the valor of her soldiers in the field.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

W. G. M. DAVIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., January 2, 1863

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Charleston, S. C.:

General Smith seriously apprehends renewed invasion in North Carolina, directed most probably on Wilmington. Can you not again send assistance, and, as General Smith desires, if the attack be made, give the potent aid of your presence?

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., January 2, 1863.

Major-General FRENCH:

The troops recently sent from here under Brigadier-General Colston and one regiment of cavalry will be left to protect Petersburg, Va.,

