
General Pemberton telegraphs to-day that the enemy at Vicksburg, being repulsed in several attacks on our positions, have apparently relinquished their enterprise and have re-embarked. No further dispatch from General Bragg.

With high consideration and esteem, most respectfully, yours,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., January 3, 1863.

General S. G. FRENCH,

Commanding, Petersburg, Va.:

Concentrate all your forces near Weldon and Rocky Mount ready to move in any direction, except Colston's brigade and one regiment of cavalry, which will be left to guard Petersburg and the Blackwater. I expect General Beauregard will re-enforce Wilmington, and that General lee will place troops in position to guard Richmond and Petersburg from being taken during our absence. You had, I think, better, take Weldon or Rocky Mount for your headquarters at present. The cipher telegram of yesterday directed you to move to Goldsborough. This has been changed as above, pending certain information of actual movements of the enemy. Please have the troops of Daniel's brigade which were sent from here to Petersburg last night forwarded to Goldsborough as soon as possible. I am endeavoring to obtain additional troops from General Lee's army for service in North Carolina, and will probably know by to-night or to-morrow morning the result of my efforts, and I shall thereupon return to North Carolina. Please write me fully by return of messenger.

Very respectfully and truly, yours.

G. W. SMITH,

Major-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., January 3, 1863.

Brigadier General W. H. C. WHITING,

Wilmington, N. C.:

Here is Smith's telegram:

General Beauregard has been requested by Secretary of War to assist you in resisting the threatened attack. I will concentrate as soon as possible.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., January 3, 1863.

Brigadier General W. H. C. WHITING,

Wilmington, N. C.,:

Cannot translate all Smith's telegram, but it refers to following from Secretary of War;

Enemy's intelligence indicates strongly his purpose to move with force (supposed 30,000), probably on Wilmington, landing at New Berne or Morehead City, marching to Swansborough; thence along coast.

I must aid soon far as can with safety, but I cannot do much beyond leaving forces still with you, for railroads are too slow, not knowing where enemy are going to strike.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

