
of Thursday, 11th instant, remaining with the bridge en route till the afternoon of Friday, when we were detached, in company with two pieces of artillery, under command of Captain Ransom, to guard the Beaver Creek Bridge, the main road to Kinston, and the road to Trenton, in rear of the advancing column.

Receiving orders from Major-General Foster at 1.30 o'clock on Sunday morning to join the main force without delay, we marched at sunrise, having in charge 21 prisoners (taken by the cavalry on the main road to Kinston), which were turned over to the provost-marshal upon our arrival at Kinston on Sunday morning.

We advanced with the brigade on Monday morning, arriving at the scene of action at White Hall about 11 a.m. on Tuesday morning, and, though not participating in the engagement, were within range of the enemy's guns on the right of the artillery, which was engaged.

At this point, in obedience to orders of Major-General Foster, Lieutenant Sanderson, with a detachment, was detailed to examine the river below the bridge, to ascertain the practicability of fording it. After a careful examination of the river for nearly a mile he reported that it was not fordable.

Tuesday afternoon, passing up with the main column on the left bank of the Neuse, we bivouacked at night some 12 miles from Goldsborough.

On Wednesday we were detailed to guard to the baggage train, from which duty we were relieved in the afternoon the baggage train and troops were countermarched, after the burning of the railroad bridge by the advance, keeping our place on the return on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday.

We encamped on Saturday night near Deep Gully and arrived at our barracks, on the Trent, at 11 o'clock on Sunday morning, my men considerably jaded and foot-sore.

The orders in regard to pillaging and foraging were enforced, and the men suffered in consequence of an insufficient supply of meat.

Taking into consideration the fact that this regiment had been but a week in the field and received their arms only two days before they received marching orders, I have the honor to report that they behaved well during the entire march.

None were killed, 2 wounded, and none missing.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. R. SPRAGUE,

Colonel Fifty-first Massachusetts Volunteer Regiment.

Lieutenant E. T. PARKINSON,

A. A. A. G., First Brigade.

No. 18. Report of Colonel Thomas G. Stevenson, Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of engagements at Kinston, White Hall, and Goldsborough Bridge, December 14, 16, and 17.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., DEPT. OF N. C.,New Berne, N. C., December 21, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the result of the part taken by the Second Brigade in the late expedition:

Agreeably to orders from headquarters this brigade joined the column the morning of December 11 on the Trent road, being third in position. Nothing of importance occurred until the morning of Sunday, December 14, when within a few miles of Kinston the advance was attacked

