
otism and unanimity. I propose to organize about 200 men, put them under the command of experienced officers, arm and equip them at State expense if the President will accept them into Confederate service and pay them only when actually engaged. I hope the Department will accede to the proposition. The impunity which the deserters enjoy and the contagion of their example is operating most ruinously upon the efficiency of the army, to say nothing of the injury to property and citizens of that section. I am now maturing a vigilant system of general police for the whole State for the prompt arrest of deserters and conscripts which my adjutant-general will submit for your approval soon and perhaps ask your assistance. I also intend to urge upon our Legislature, soon to reassemble, the passage of a law disfranchising all who illegally avoid their duty in the public defense.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. B. VANCE.

CHARLESTON, S. C., January 6, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

I have one brigade and three batteries in Wilmington; have ordered one brigade from Savannah here and transportation ready to Wilmington, but it is dangerous to weaken forces here too much, considering difficulty of getting back in case of sudden attack by the enemy. I think General Evans must overestimate latter.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C., January 6, 1863.

Brigadier General W. H. C. WHITING,

Wilmington, N. C.:

Reported force at New Berne must be greatly exaggerated. No troops appear to have left the Chesapeake lately for that point. Will prepare for rapid transportation of all troops I can possibly spare in plain emergency but fear slowness of railroad.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

RICHMOND, VA., January, 6, 1863.

Governor VANCE:

Could not give aid against the invasion of your State by calling out the militia which would embrace the exempts as well as those over forty-five? We are straining to send force to you.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

WELDON, N. C., January 6, 1863.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

General Evans reports Generals Peck, Davis, and Naglee at New Berne with 50,000 men; says one column will move on Wilmington, the other on Kinston and this place. They have no tents; are supplied with hard bread and beef-cattle from Yorktown. I have also information from the Chowan. Yesterday there was a large force in Gates County reported en route for New Berne; thirteen gunboats and transports in

