
FREDERICKSBURG, January 6, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON:

Ransom should be in Richmond to-night. Advance him, if necessary troops from Richmond, Petersburg, &amp;c.

Let me know what is done and what more is wanted.

I do not believe the force at New Berne is as large as reported.

R. E. LEE
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, January 7, 1863

General BEAUREGARD, Charleston:

Your dispatch received. Special messenger from G. W. [Smith] just arrived. G. W. writes General Lee says Wilmington must be defended at all hazards. Enemy are concentrating every heavily at New Berne. Don't you think movements of your troops ought to begin? It will make great difference in my maneuvers if they are here in time.

W. H. C. WHITING.

CHARLESTON, S. C., January 7, 1863

Brigadier General W. H. C. WHITING, Wilmington, N. C.:

Major General GUSTAVUS W. SMITH, Goldsborough, N. C.:

I cannot read telegram. I send by mail a new copy of cipher. I may be able to send 5,000 in all to Wilmington provided rapid transportation can be had. If enemy divide his forces we must concentrate on one point, sacrificing less important one, and then defeat him everywhere in succession.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

ENGINEER BUREAU,

Richmond, January 7, 1863.

Captain E. T. D. MYERS,

Chief Engineer Piedmont Railroad, Danville, Va.:

CAPTAIN: Inclosed is sent authority from the Secretary of War recently granted for you to take possession of 50 per cent. of the unlaid iron belonging to the Western North Carolina Railroad, the Raleigh and Gaston Railroad, the Atlantic and North Carolina Railroad, and the Virginia Central Railroad; also authority to take possession of all the iron in the Clarksville and Keysville road, the Port Walthall road, and the York River road beyond the Pamunkey.

I presume, captain, it is unnecessary to urge upon you the importance of appointing promptly energetic agents to secure this iron without delay. The enemy seem to be systematically threatening our great lines of communication, and your link may in consequence become one of vital consequence.

Very respectfully,

J. G. GILMER,

Colonel of Engineers and Chief of Bureau.

