
WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., January 8, 1863.

His Excellency ZEBULON B. VANCE,

Governor of North Carolina, Raleigh, N. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose the copy of a letter addressed to the Governor of Virginia, which will indicate to you the measures which have been agreed upon between His Excellency and the Department to meet the existing emergency. May I not suggest to Your Excellency the importance of similar action in North Carolina to aid in repelling the threatened movement of the enemy upon the railroad connections of your State?

With high consideration, your obedient servant,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., January 7, 1863.

His Excellency JOHN LETCHER,

Governor of Virginia:

SIR: In view of the menacing movements of the enemy in North Carolina with the intent of striking at the railroad connections in that State, and perhaps of invading Virginia, I am instructed by the President respectfully to suggest to your consideration the propriety of calling out the militia in all the counties near to the North Carolina line, in preparation to aid in repelling any such enterprise. The call might be limited to those of the exempted classes and those above the age of forty at the same time. This Department will call on all subject to the conscript law in such counties to come forward and report at suitable places of rendezvous. Thus the whole arms-bearing population may be promptly commanded for temporary emergency.

With high consideration and esteem, most respectfully, yours,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, N. C., January 8, 1863.

[General G. T. BEAUREGARD:]

MY DEAR GENERAL: I send you an incomplete sketch, which you can have copied and returned. It will help you to some idea of my position. I also send G. W. Smith's note, received last night. These will be handed you by Mr. Hazell of my headquarters a young gentleman from South Carolina, who has already borne a brave part in eleven battles. I think General Lee's remark somewhat funny. To turn to the map. We should consider, in attacking Wilmington, the enemy having his base in New Berne and Beaufort he may make his choice of two modes of attack-one to send on his iron-clads in advance and attempt, by the reduction of the forts, to clear the way for his transports into the lower harbor, whence he could advance upon the city both by fleet and land; the other to march either from Swansborough or Topsa 1 Inlet, take the forts and river batteries in reverse, and attempt the town, with the fall of which that of the forts would ensue. The latter course is not probable. To Swansborough he can come either overland from New Berne or by railroad to Beaufort, and then overland or by water

