
[Indorsement.]

JANUARY 10, 1863.

The exempts for Confederate service should be fitted out for emergency. The Government has, I suppose, the power.

J. D.
HEADQUARTERS,Kinston, N. C., January 9, 1863

Major General S. G. FRENCH,

Commanding District of North Carolina, Weldon, N. C.:

GENERAL: I received your letter last night and telegraphed what I learned from our underground railroad. "Reliable" says that on Monday, the 4th instant, Foster was shipping his Napoleon guns all day, but could not learn their destination. He reports also that a long black steamer, with light Dahlgren guns and two pivot guns, one each in the bow and stern, [had arrived.] She is intended for Wilmington and is to enter the harbor as the Alabama, the enemy firing at her as she passes. She is to sail under Confederate colors. This I think probable. I have my pickets within 8 miles of New Berne, who keep me advised of every movement. I have learned that the enemy will attack Weldon, Wilmington, and this place at the same time. Foster will probably come this way, Heintzelman go to Wilmington, Peck and Corcoran to Weldon. Troops have been again sent to Suffolk, or were to leave when Corcoran left Yorktown. I am convinced Foster will not attack me again on the south side of the Neuse, but will march up the left bank to co-operate with the force (if necessary) that attacks Weldon. With the two brigades now at Goldsborough I think I can prevent his junction by attacking him as far down as Contentnea Creek, which he will be obliged to cross if he marches out from New Berne to attack Goldsborough. I can also, if he passes Snow Hill, easily attack his rear. My scout thinks every precaution should be taken to guard the Weldon bridge, as the enemy are trying to bribe citizens to burn it. I will keep you advised.

Very respectfully, your obedient.

N. G. EVANS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, January 9, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War of the Confederate States:

SIR: Your letter of the 7th instant, directed to the Governor, has been received. He requests me to inform you that the requisition for the militia has been complied with, by the issue of the necessary orders to the adjutant-general of this State, a copy of which is herein inclosed.

Very respectfully,

GEORGE W. MUNFORD,

Secretary of the Commonwealth.

[Inclosure.]

The adjutant-general will issue to the proper officers orders calling out immediately for a service of six months, unless sooner discharged,

