
the militia of the counties hereinafter named, not called for under the conscript law of the Confederate States, embracing all the able-bodied men between the ages of forty and forty-five years.

Employees of railroad and transportation companies and officers of banks and other persons who are exempt by the laws of the State and Confederate States, are not liable to duty.

The rendezvous will be at Petersburg.

When arrived at the rendezvous the troops will be reorganized into companies, battalions and regiments. The oldest commissioned officers present, of the respective grades required, will be assigned to duty, and supernumeraries will be reduced to the ranks.

The troops will be supplied with arms and ammunition when they arrive at Petersburg.

The officers in command of detachments will cause the men to be furnished with necessary provisions until mustered into service of the Confederate States, and for this purpose may purchase or impress necessaries and transmit the accounts therefor to the auditing board.

The counties upon which the call is made are the counties of Greenville, Dinwiddie, the city of Petersburg the counties of Brunswick, Lunenburg, Mecklenburg, Halifax, Charlotte, Pittsylvania, Henry, Patrick, Franklin, Nottoway, Prince Edward, and Campbell, including the city of Lynchburg.

This call is made by the War Department by order of the President of the Confederate States. It is of great importance that the force called for be promptly furnished and organized.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, VA., Numbers -. January 9, 1863.

The commandants of the Fiftieth Regiment, Greenville County; Eighty-third, Dinwiddie; Thirty-ninth, Petersburg; Sixty-sixth and Ninety-sixth, Brunswick; Seventy-third, Lunenburg; Twenty-second and Ninety-eighth, Mecklenburg; Sixty-ninth, Eighty-fourth, and One hundred and seventy-second, Halifax; Twenty-sixth, Charlotte; Forty-second, One hundred and first, and One hundred and sixty-eighth, Pittsylvania; Sixty-fourth, Henry; Eighteenth and One hundred and fifty-sixth, Patrick; Forty-third, One hundred and tenth, and One hundred and ninety-fifth, Franklin; Forty-ninth, Nottoway; Sixty-third, Prince Edward; Fifty-third and One hundred and seventeenth, Campbell, and Thirty-first, Lynchburg, will immediately call out, for a service of six months, unless sooner discharged, all the militiamen not called for under the conscript laws of the Confederate States, embracing all able-bodied men between the ages of forty and forty-five years.

Officers and employees of railroad and transportation companies, officers of banks, and other persons who are exempt by the laws of the State and Confederate States, are not subject to this call.

Where there are no field officers in a regiment the senior captain is commandant; where no captains, the senior lieutenants of highest rank command; and all such are peremptorily required to execute this order without a moment's delay. They will cause the men to be assembled at the most convenient places within the respective regiments and marched thence to Petersburg, the point of general rendezvous, in charge of the officer highest in rank in the regiment. Require the men to bring with them clothing and blankets.

Officers commanding detachments will procure subsistence for them,

