
until mustered into service of the Confederate States, by purchase, if practicable; if not, by impressment, and certify such purchases or impressments to the auditing board at Richmond.

Officers commanding detachments will report as fast as they arrive at Petersburg to such officer in the service of the Confederate States as may be appointed to receive and muster them into service. The troops will there be organized into companies, battalions, and regiments, and supplied with arms and ammunition. They will, as far as practicable, obtain railroad transportation for the detachments to the place of general rendezvous, giving certificates of the number of men transported, which will be paid by the State.

By command:

WM. H. RICHARDSON,

Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., January 10, 1863

Brigadier General W. H. C. WHITING,

Wilmington, N. C.:

Maps received. Your views of enemy's mode of attack on Wilmington are doubtless correct, and I fully agree to best point for meeting him, provided he can land no considerable force in your rear. I send all forces I can spare from this department; same as before. Will return maps.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C., January 10, 1863.

Major General GUSTAVUS W. SMITH,

Goldsborough, N. C.:

I am sending Whiting same forces as before. Do not let them be taken. Why don't you apply for Lovell? He is in Richmond, anxious for the field.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., January 10, 1863.

Major General GUSTAVUS W. SMITH,

Goldsborough, N. C.:

We think it desirable the militia of North Carolina should be called out. Can you not encourage it? General Lee urges that Ransom's division should not be ordered beyond Drewry's Bluff. The President thinks that division likely to be specially serviceable in North Carolina, but would approve of an equal force being returned to Drewry's Bluff. No late news of special interest.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

GOLDSBOROUGH, N. C., January 10, 1863

General G. T. BEAUREGARD

Commanding, Charleston, S. C.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Your telegram of the 8th instant was received last night on my return from Raleigh. I answered by telegraph that

