
Numbers 19. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Robert Leggett, Tenth Connecticut Infantry, of engagement at Kinston, December 14.

I have the honor to report the part taken by this regiment in the action of December 14 and the losses sustained by it. According to an order received from General Foster I advanced my regiment over three regiments already formed in line in woods. On reaching the second line the regiment came under a severe fire from the enemy, but went steadily forward to the first line, which was engaged with the enemy and somewhat in disorder. The regiment formed in line with the advance and opened fire upon the enemy. After being under fire about thirty minutes the fire of the regiment was directed to the bridge, across which the enemy were retreating and which they were endeavoring to burn. In some five minutes the enemy broke and my regiment moved at a double-quick down the road. A portion of the enemy formed in line of battle in a corn field on the opposite of the bridge and opened fire on us as we came on. Immediately on taking the bridge, where we captured about 50 of the enemy, we extinguished the flames. As soon as the enemy found we had taken the bridge they broke up their line in disorder and opened on us from the ditches on each side of the road. The regiment remained at the bridge about thirty minutes, keeping up a continual fire upon the enemy, when we crossed the bridge, taking a number of prisoners behind the intrenchments and, pushing forward, formed in line of battle opposite the city and awaited orders. While in the woods the regiment sustained a loss of 90 killed and wounded, including a captain and lieutenant killed and 2 lieutenants wounded. At the bridge 1 lieutenant was killed, 1 severely wounded, and 6 or 8 rank and file wounded. In the action at White Hall we formed line of battle and advanced to the river on the left of the bridge, opening fire according to order received. The enemy made no response, and one company was detailed to go down the bank of the river in search of a ford. Finding none, volunteers were called for to swim the river and cut down two tall trees on that side, while two were being felled on this side, and at the same time a company was sent to find lumber to build a bridge. The regiment was at work forming a bridge when it received orders to fall back. No loss was suffered by the regiment at this place.

R. LEGGETT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Tenth Regiment Connecticut Vols.

No. 20. Report of Colonel Horace C. Lee, Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., December 21, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the movements of the Third Brigade, consisting of the Third, Fifth, Twenty-fifth, Twenty-seventh, and Forty-sixth Regiment, under my command, on the late expedition to Goldsborough:

We were in line, as ordered, on Thursday, December 11, at 7 o'clock, our position being with the baggage train in the rear. It was nearly

