
of this note to General Smith, with whom you can consult by telegraph. My weakest point is the forts. The passage of them and occupation of the lower harbor will require new and different combinations.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., January 20, 1863.

GILBERT ELLIOTT, Esq., Halifax, N. C.:

SIR: Your letter of the 2nd instant relative to the defenses of Roanoke River was referred to the Chief of Engineers, who replies that every exertion has been made to procure guns for the defense of that river. Four guns have been ordered to be sent, one of which is a rifled, banded 32-pounder.

Respectfully,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., January 21, 1863.

His Excellency Gov. ZEBULON B. VANCE:

GOVERNOR: Inclosed please find an extract from a letter received this morning from Brigadier General W. G. M. Davis. From his statement I think the outbreak in Madison has been greatly exaggerated, and, as telegraphed you this morning, I think there is no present need of the State force called out by you. The outbreak has, I think, been suppressed, but an adequate force will be kept in the mountains as long as necessary for the protection of loyal citizens and their property.

I am, Governor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. HETH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS,Greenville, Tenn., January 20, 1863.

GENERAL: As I informed you by telegraph on yesterday, Captain Nelson has returned and reports that his company went into Laurel Valley, N. C., and had a brush with the tories, in which he killed 12 and subsequently captured 20. From information I have received from all quarters from men of intelligence and reliable character, I am satisfied there is no organization in the mountains of armed men banded together for the purpose of making efforts to destroy bridges or to burn towns or property of Confederate officers and soldiers. I think the attack on Marshall was gotten up to obtain salt, for want of which there is great suffering in the mountains. Plunder of other property followed as a matter of course. Colonel [L. M.] Allen's Sixty-fourth North Carolina Regiment and the men of his command are said to have been hostile to the Laurel men and they to the former for a long time - a kind of feud existing between them. Of the men killed by Nelson's cavalry all but one or two were deserters from Colonel Allen's regiment. They formed part of the expedition against Marshall and no doubt plundered Allen's house.

