
name of which their children's children might have been justly proud, have forfeited it all by absenting themselves at a moment when their own State is invaded and about to be desolated by a brutal, half-savage foe. Now is the time to reinstate themselves by a prompt return to duty. I appeal to them to stand by their country yet a little longer, and not to sully by desertion the bright and glorious reputation of the state which they have helped to win on a hundred hard-fought fields; and I appeal to all good and loyal citizens throughout the State to give their influence to induce these men to return. Let no one, unmoved by this appeal to his patriotism and honor, suppose that he can remain at home with impunity; the full powers of the State authorities, aided, if need be, by the Confederacy, shall be put in force to arrest him and bring him to punishment after the 10th day of February next, and there shall be no rest for the deserter in the borders of North Carolina. And let none excuse their desertion by declaring that they go home to take care of their families; they will add nothing to the comforts of their families by hiding like guilty men in the woods by day and plundering their neighbors by night; they only bring shame and suffering upon the heads of the innocent, and their little children, when gray-headed old men, will have the finger of scorn pointed at them and the bitter taunt will ring in their ears, "Your father skulked in the woods to keep from fighting for his country." The State is now trying to provide food for your families and each county is making a similar provision, and as your chief magistrate I promise you that the wives and children of the soldiers who are in the army doing their duty shall share the last bushel of meal and pound of meat in the State. Let every patriot in the land assist with all his influence in the execution of this proclamation and our victorious ranks will again be filled and our country soon be rid of the enemy.

In witness thereof Zebulon B. Vance, our Governor, captain-general, and commander-in-chief, hath signed these presents and caused the great seal of the State to be affixed. Done at our city of Raleigh on the 26th day of January, in the year of our Lord 1863.

Z. B. VANCE.

By the Governor:

R. H. BATTLE, JR.,

Private Secretary.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., January 27, 1863.

General D. H. HILL, Charlotte, N. C.:

The President desires to know if the command of the Army in North Carolina would be acceptable to you?

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., January 27, 1863.

Major General S. G. FRENCH:

General Smith has been called to this city. You will proceed with the least possible delay to Goldsborough and assume the command.

S. COOPER.

