
WILMINGTON, N. C., January 28, 1863.

General FRENCH:

Information received from Beaufort that during past week large bodies of troops have been moved from New Berne by railroad and put on board transports. Twenty transports loaded and swung out into the stream. They are mostly sailing vessels.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, N. C., January 28, 1863.

Flag-Officer [W. F.] LYNCH,

Commanding C. S. Navy, Wilmington, N. C.:

COMMODORE: Yours of yesterday relative to protection of the gunboats is received. The subject of troops to support the batteries on the upper river has been duly considered for the disposition of the forces for the defense. It is not, however, thought necessary to post them immediately, their movement depending on contingencies which may or may not arise. No difficulty is anticipated in placing troops at that point. In the mean time every possible preparation in the way of obstruction is recommended to be got ready. Combined with sinking of the Arctic, trees with the branches on held with chains will form a formidable and easily-made obstacle. Very few obstructions, however, will be able to withstand the spring freshest, which in this river are very heavy. I do not advocate the immediate obstruction of the river, but that preparations should be made for it. Positions and pits for riflemen should be selected and made in every suitable place.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Salem, Va., January 28, 1863.

His Excellency ZEBULON B. VANCE,

Governor of North Carolina:

SIR: I desire to call your attention to a matter of much concern to the public interest. In order to enable the armies at Fredericksburg, Richmond, and other points having railroad communication with this section to obtain the necessary supplies of corn, &amp;c., all the horses, mules, &c., of this department have been sent to a considerable distance, to be foraged until spring, from the line of this railroad (Virginia and Tennessee road). In thus distributing these animals, and after overstocking almost every part of Virginia, it became a matter of necessity to send some of them to portions of North Carolina, where both grain and long forage were abundant. But, unfortunately, there is a great indisposition on the part of people there to sell their produce for Confederate money at any price, and I desire to ask relief at your hands in the form of authority of some kind for impressment. This authority you injustice will such restrictions as will make it entirely certain that no injustice will be done to your people. If some step of this sort is not taken promptly and we should be compelled in this portion of South-

