
FEBRUARY 2, 1863.

General GUSTAVUS W. SMITH, Richmond:

I think the attack on Savannah can only be a feint by gunboats to draw troops left North Carolina; impossible they can mean otherwise with the very large force at New Berne and Morehead City. Take care that troops are not withdrawn from here. Wilmington and Charleston are now worth ten Savannahs, especially in view of our late naval success. Let us secure this place until the gunboats are done beyond peradventure.

W. H. C. WHITING.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, N. C., February 2, 1863.

General W. G. M. DAVIS, Warm Springs, N. C.:

SIR: Yours, giving an account of operations in your command in the mountains of this State, has been received. The result is quite satisfactory, and I am especially pleased to learn that there appears to be no regular organization of enemies to the Government in that country. I was loath to believe so, and from the first was of the opinion that the raid was only for plunder and that the whole matter was probably exaggerated. I hope now that quite and order are restored in that region, and have to return you my thanks for the very prompt and energetic aid afforded by your command in producing this state of things. I was fearful in the great excitement prevailing among our people that the misguided people of Laurel might be dealt too harshly with, and warned the officers to be civil and just. I was therefore sorry to learn this morning that Colonel Allen had hanged several of the captured prisoners. I hope this is not true, as it would be much better to have them dealt with by the law. In regard to running them into Kentucky I approve of the plan, provided they desire to go. I would not wish, however, to exile the women and children or old men if they desire to remain, as the law ought to be strong enough to keep them in subjection. I hope Colonel McElroy will take proper steps to prevent the escape of his prisoners.

With sentiments of regard, I am, sir, your obedient servant,

Z. B. VANCE.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., February 3, 1863.

Brigadier General [W. H. C.] WHITING:

General Beauregard expects an early attack on Charleston. Send him one of the brigades he forwarded you - Gist's, if you can spare it. Hold another ready to be forwarded. I will telegraph General French at Goldsborough as far as practicable to re-enforce you.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., February 3, 1863.

Major General [S. G.] FRENCH, Goldsborough, N. C.:

General Beauregard expecting early attack at Charleston, I must return the troops sent by him to Wilmington. I order one brigade to be

