
RICHMOND, VA., February 8, 1863.

General FRENCH, Goldsborough, N. C.:

General Whiting has been telegraphed to return to General Beauregard all the force received from his command.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, N. C., February 10, 1863.

Colonel [H. L.] BENBOW,

Commanding Brigade, Sudberry, N. C.:

COLONEL: Your brigade will take the position at Sudberry lately occupied by Colonel Harrison's brigade. You will complete the works commenced and indicated by the engineer officers. You will examine the dispatches brought from the front by couriers from the outposts, and learning their contents forward them to me by telegraph. Persons passing in the direction of the enemy are required to have a special pass from these headquarters. Market carts and provisions are allowed to pass the lines. You will reconnoiter and make yourself thoroughly acquainted with the vicinity of your post, its approaches, and defenses, and require all your mounted officers to do the same. Cause strict discipline to be maintained; drills parades, and all camp duties to be regularly and properly performed. You are required to protect private property from depredation.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., February 10, 1863.

His Excellency ZEBULON B. VANCE,

Governor of North Carolina:

SIR: In the present state of the roads, and with the deficient means of transportation afforded by the railroads, the subsistence of General Lee's army is seriously endangered and may become actually dependent on the means of commanding the forage and provisions which have been and are now being collected by the Bureaus of this Department in your State. The vital importance of the subject will, I trust, excuse me in your estimation for involving your attention to the subjoined copy of a telegram just received from Colonel Wadley, the agent of the Government for railroad transportation, and asking your co-operation with him in so managing and controlling the transportation on the line of roads within your State as to render them most efficient in forwarding promptly and regularly the supplies so essential to our main army. Colonel Wadley or his leading assistant is now in Raleigh, and will gladly avail himself of the privilege of conferring with you on your call, and I would bespeak your favorable consideration of the suggestions his experience may dictate.

With high esteem, most respectfully, yours,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

