
mond. The negro force lately raised and armed about New Berne has been, as I hear, disarmed, in consequence of disagreement on the subject between Stanly and Lincoln.

With great respect, yours,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Petersburg, Va., March 2, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding, Charleston, S.. C.:

GENERAL: Scouting parties just come in from around New Berne report that General Foster, on his way back to Charleston, took with him pilots for Cape Fear River and North Carolina inlets. The scouts also report that the Yankees think Charleston impregnable. In consequence of this General Whiting anticipates a return of General Foster's force and an attack at Wilmington. The difficulty between Generals Hunter and Foster may have induced General Foster to advise against Hunter's attack, and possibly may have induced the United States Government to change the point of attack. This difficulty, I think, insures your victory if the attack is made. When generals quarrel their troops will not fight; that is, they will not fight a severe battle. I hope that you will keep you eye upon Foster, and advise me if he should turn around and come back to his first love. I hope, though, that you may have your opportunity, for I am quite satisfied that you will be able to beat back any attack that may be made upon you.

I remain, very respectfully and sincerely, yours,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Petersburg, Va., March 2, 1863.

Major General W. H. C. WHITING,

Wilmington, N. C.:

GENERAL: I desire that you will make preparations for sending the half of your force and as many more as can be spared from Wilmington garrison to re-enforce Major-General Hill for foraging service. If your services may be spared from Wilmington I would like to have you on this service also, as some important service may grow out of it. Please make your arrangements as quietly as possible, giving no one an indication that any serious service is expected. Advise me as early as possible of the force that you can send or take out.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

P. S. - If your forts in the harbor are not ordered to be held at all hazards and for all time up to starvation, such orders should be given in writing. If operations should become extensive in North Carolina it may at some time be necessary to abandon Wilmington for a time to operate elsewhere; but if we hold the harbor we can at any time retake the city. I do not know anything of the plan of defenses, and have taken it for granted that the harbor defenses are independent of those of the city, &amp; c. Further orders will be sent before a movement is made.

