
relations which subsist between the city, the outer harbor, the defenses and the interior. I earnestly beg you, before taking any such action as your letter indicates, to refer to my correspondence with the War Department and with Major-General Smith, in which this matter is fully set forth, and that you will refer to the Secretary. So far from considering myself able to spare troops from here I have applied for and earnestly urged that another brigade be sent here immediately. The works here are by no means completed and I need the services of every man I can raise. This necessity is so well understood that when the attack on Charleston was imminent the troops sent from here to re-enforce General Beauregard were immediately replaced by order of the Secretary. Information received from the enemy's lines leads me to think that they have by no means abandoned their designs on this place, of so vital importance to the Confederacy. Major-General Hill informs me that his spies report the arrival of Burnside and a very heavy force at New Berne. Mine report that Foster has returned. I send out again to-day for further information, of which I will give you immediate notice.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Petersburg, Va., March 4, 1863.

Major General S. G. FRENCH, Commanding, &amp; c.:

GENERAL: General Longstreet desires a work constructed on the James River for a field battery of four or six guns, of which some are 20-pounder Parrotts. He has no engineer officer at present serving with him and asks that you will send yours to select a suitable point somewhere in the vicinity of Fort Powhatan. As soon as the site is chosen if your officer will report at this office he will be furnished with such working details as he will require for a rapid prosecution of the work.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PETERSBURG, VA., March 4, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL,

Commanding, & c., Goldsborough, N. C.:

Yours of 2nd received. If the information contained therein be confirmed the general will start to join you on the 6th instant. He asks you to keep him promptly advised by telegraph of any confirmation or additional information.

G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[MARCH 5, 1863. - For correspondence between Longstreet and Beauregard, see Series I, Vol. XIV, p. 810.]

