
rily to Major-General Pickett's division and will report accordingly on being relieved by General [M.] Jenkins.

IV. The Fifty-fifth North Carolina Troops is relieved from duty with Colston's brigade and is temporarily assigned to the brigade commanded by Brigadier General J. R. Davis.

* * * * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Longstreet:

G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Petersburg, Va., March [April]* 6, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I desire to cross the Blackwater on Saturday for the purpose of driving the enemy into his intrenchments at Suffolk while we draw out the supplies of subsistence and quartermaster's stores from the counties east of that river. If the Navy Department can co-operate with us we may be able to capture Suffolk and its garrison. All that I desire at present is that such vessels as may be ready pass the obstructions, so that they may be able to join us in case it should find a favorable opportunity for them. I believe that there is but one iron-clad of the enemy in the James River. If this is the case I presume that we could with our vessels and batteries on the river bank drive the enemy off, cut off any re-enforcements, and possibly capture the garrison.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Petersburg, Va., March 6, 1863.

Major General ARNOLD ELZEY, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your note of the 5th instant, in reference to the proposed movement on Suffolk. General Longstreet left last night for Goldsborough, to be absent a few days. Your communication will be forwarded to him by this evening's mail.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Wilmington, N. C., March 6, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL,Commanding, &amp; c., Goldsborough, N. C.:

GENERAL: The Whitworth guns are all we have to depend on to keep the blockaders at such a distance as will enable the steamers to run the blockade. One is at [Fort] Caswell, one at Fort Fisher, and one about 5 miles above [Fort] Fisher, on the beach. We have now four British and one Confederate steamer in port daily expecting to leave, and several steamers are expected to arrive. We have had an engagement

---------------

* Misplaced.

---------------

