
plies, towing barges, sail vessels, &amp; c., on which troops are seen, but not more than returning absentees, convalescents, & c., would justify. Where the large force said to be landing at New Berne comes from I cannot conceive. I hope you will be able to get accurate information and put yourself in communication with General Beauregard, so as to be prepared for all emergencies. You had better keep yourself advised of the movements of the force at Newport News.

Very truly, yours,

R. E. LEE,

General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., March 7, 1863.

Brigadier General W. H. C. WHITING,

Commanding, Wilmington, N. C.:

GENERAL: I have received your letters of the 23rd and 28th ultimo, stating the need for additional guns at Wilmington. Colonel Rhett, inspector of ordnance, reports, under date of the 2nd instant, that "one 10-inch gun will probably leave Richmond to-day for Wilmington. On Friday or Saturday a 4.62-inch rifled gun will be ready for that point, and early next week another, and probably a 10-inch also on Monday. A 30-pounder will be ready, I hope, on Tuesday next." Every exertion shall be made, as far as the resources of the Ordnance Bureau will allow, to meet the calls for guns necessary for the defense of Wilmington. I still believe the leading point of attack designed by the enemy is Charleston; but they may recoil from that and make the attack you apprehend. all preparation therefore possible should certainly be made for such a contingency.

Your obedient servant,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, N. C., March 7, 1863.

Honorable S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary of the Navy:

SIR: You can have the iron requested by your letter of the 13th ultimo, to be replaced, if you will permit it to be exchanged for the old iron on the different roads of the State. They are rapidly running down and are applying for the same iron. I suppose their worn-out rails would answer the same purpose for rolling.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. B. VANCE.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,March 7, 1863.

Major Gene. D. H. HILL,

Commanding Department of North Carolina, Goldsborough, N. C.:

GENERAL: I regret that your courier should have missed those stationed between this point and Goldsborough, thus rendering it necessary for him to come all the way through. He came a different road from the one usually traveled. I have directed him which way to go in the

