
plan, and the only one that I can see, viz: Have three brigades, with one Whitworth, down on the south side of the Neuse; one of Whiting's brigades and one Whitworth up to join you near New Berne, and one brigade down on the north side of the Neuse, with the Whitworth that I have here. If we can drop a ball into the fort every minute from these directions the troops may become frightened and surrender. If the matter is practicable, I will either join you myself or, remaining here, will make a strong diversion against Suffolk. I shall start for the Blackwater on the day after to-morrow and expect to be absent six days. If you wish to telegraph me, do so at Franklin; that is, if you wish to do so in the next four days.

I remain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

N. B. - This must not go beyond yourself.
HDQRS. FORCES NEAR DREWRY'S BLUFF, VA.,March 15, 1863.

Major T. O. CHESTNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Richmond, Va.:

MAJOR: In compliance with orders received from Major-General Elzey's headquarters, I respectfully submit to you the following tabular report of my command, viz:

Major B. H. Gee, commanding Fifty-ninth Georgia Infantry Regiment; Captain W. A. Graham,* commanding Second Squadron, Second North Carolina Cavalry.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JACK BROWN,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

SWIFT CREEK, March 15, [1863] - 9 p. m.

General D. H. HILL:

A scout from Street's Ferry, sent down for the purpose, reports that there is no doubt of the landing of a large force, and from the noise he thinks they are fixing a pontoon over the Neuse to bring their infantry over. Captain Whitford is convinced that we shall have it to-morrow. It seems so to me. Send me a regiment of cavalry immediately and come yourself. My danger is on my right flank and rear; by marching from Greenville you can protect both. Bring your provisions and ammunition. Send them soon, directly to Kinston. I have no couriers.

J. J. PETTIGREW,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,March 16, 1863.

Lieutenant General JAMES LONGSTREET,

Commanding, &amp; c., Petersburg, Va.:

GENERAL: As far as can be ascertained from my own observation, from the reports from our scouts on the opposite side of the Rappahannock, and from what the citizens say, I am led to believe that none of

---------------

* Since ordered to Petersburg.

---------------

