
State, and is a most active and indefatigable officer. He is now in command of Fort Saint Philip. The works he has constructed both there and at Fort Fisher entitle him to great credit. He is an artillery officer of rare promise and an excellent disciplinarian. Major Young is also from this State, and commands a battalion of three companies. He is a young officer of great energy, and has displayed great zeal in the defense of this place. These officers are all on duty here and with the troops it is proposed they shall command. If you approve of this suggestion please to let me know and lay this matter before the President for his action.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS, March 17, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL, Goldsborough, N. C.:

GENERAL: Your telegram of report of the scout Harrison is received. If it is confirmed you had better move Garnett's brigade near enough to you to be in easy supporting distance and keep me advised, that I may send you other re-enforcements. I shall hold three other brigades ready for you. Meantime get all the provisions together that you can and have your supply of ammunition well looked to. If you do not get satisfactory information otherwise put your cavalry together and send it with a battery toward the enemy's rear and learn what the enemy is going to do.

I remain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, March 17, 1863.

General M. JENKINS, Franklin, N. C.:

GENERAL: General D. H. Hill telegraphs the arrival of re-enforcements at New Berne. Those at Suffolk are probably intended for New Berne.

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, March 17, 1863.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding, &amp; c., Fredericksburg, Va.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 16th is just received. I have Hood's division on the railroad ready for a move in any direction, and have kept him there with the view to some such emergency as indicated in your letter. The order for the return of the troops from Western Virginia to their old positions and some movements that I thought best to make in order to draw the enemy out into some development of his plans have made it necessary to detach some of General Pickett's division. I shall be ready to join you with Hood's division at any moment unless there is a fine opportunity to strike a decided blow here, in which case I think I had better act promptly and trust to your being

