
ment is ready to make the demonstration upon Core Creek. The weather is still bad, and by starting to-morrow it will make the attack upon Sunday, and I would prefer that the men should rest on that day if any other day will answer as well. Please telegraph me whether you desire the move to be made to-morrow.

Very respectfully, &amp; c.,

JUNIUS DANIEL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Petersburg, Va., March 20, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL, Commanding, & c.:

GENERAL: General Kemper's brigade is on the road to co-operate with Garnett in an expedition against Washington. I will send General Pickett to take charge of the expedition. I desire that you will collect and give General Pickett such information, guides, and written instructions as you deem proper, and to telegraph me what number of batteries will be required for the expedition and the kind of pieces. I shall give General Pickett general instructions but subject to such changes as you may see fit to make. I will send you a copy of them. Meanwhile I wish you to continue your arrangements, and if the expedition had better be made immediately do not allow this to delay it. I send General Pickett to take charge of it, because I think it prudent that you should be at Goldsborough with all the force now there to watch the enemy and prevent any movement against the expedition from New Berne. If there is no probability of such a move nor of trouble at Goldsborough from the force at New Berne you had better proceed at once on the expedition against Washington if it is already prepared.

I remain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

P. S. - In your letter of the 16th, giving some account of your expedition against New Berne, you intimate that there may have been some desire on the part of the Department "to perpetrate a swindle" upon you in putting you in command in North Carolina. I presume that this was not intended as an official communication and have not forwarded it. I hope that you will send up another account of you trip.

RICHMOND, March 21, 1863.

General J. H. WINDER,

Commanding Department of Henrico, & c.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the Secretary of War to ask that you will strengthen the night guard of this building by adding another sentinel.

He will report for orders to Mr. Peebles, disbursing clerk of the War Department.

Very respectfully, & c.,

JOHN WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

