
the horses from North Carolina coincide with mine, expressed in my letter of the 2nd instant to the Secretary of War. Colonel French says correctly that no serious complaints have been made against the brigade in the counties where the chief part of it has been stationed for the last three months. The numerous complaints have come from localities where detached companies have been sent to collect conscripts and arrest deserters - a delicate duty, well calculated to cause complaints - and from North Carolina, where horses were sent to forage. It happens that the complaints have come from sections of the country remote from the scenes of military operations, and where troops have not heretofore been, and the people in those localities do not bear patiently one of the necessary evils of the war. In regard to the complaints of the consumption of forage in North Carolina, Captain Porteaux, assistant quartermaster, whom I sent to North Carolina some time since to pay outstanding claims, reports that he had an interview with Governor Vance, "and from the tenor of his remarks I (Porteaux) judged that it was not the consumption of grain or forage that was complained of, but that the parties were not paid for what had been used; that was what the grumbling was about." I have heard no complaints since an officer was sent to North Carolina to pay for forage consumed.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, March 22, 1863.

General R. E. LEE,Commanding, &amp; c., Fredericksburg, Va.:

GENERAL: Your letter of yesterday is received. The enemy's force, as you say, is feeble between Roanoke and Tar Rivers, but he has facilities for throwing other troops there to re-enforce or to cut off our trains, & c. I think therefore a sufficient force should be there to meet any such emergency. Two of Pickett's brigades are now on their way, and General D. H. Hill is ordered to use all possible dispatch in the execution of the plans for drawing out supplies and, if it is possible, to take the garrison at Washington. Hood's division will be held ready to join you unless I find a most favorable opportunity to strike an important blow. I will advise you of any movement of that division. I will also make every effort to have Pickett's division concentrated rapidly.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS, March 22, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL, Goldsborough, N. C.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 21st is received, and I have made the effort to telegraph you to go, but the wires are down. I hope, however, that this letter may reach you in time to prevent any delay. It seems to me that you would be able to move more promptly if you put Kemper at Snow Hill, instead of relieving Daniel at Kinston in order to place Kemper there, and let Kemper support either point. Besides

