
had the gratification of seeing flames and smoke ascending in columns, and the bridge was effectually destroyed. Our loss was 12 wounded.

The object of the expedition having been accomplished I received orders to countermarch and return. Had proceeded about 1 mile when been attacked. I immediately ordered the Ninth New Jersey into line of battle on the left of the road and he Seventeenth Massachusetts on the right. Soon after forming there I received orders to return to the scene of action, which I did, and posted my regiments on the right and left of the country road and left of Belger's battery, which was warmly engaged with the enemy. Remained in that position about thirty minutes, when we were relieved by a regiment of Wessells' brigade, and we started on our return and arrived at New Berne Saturday evening, 20th instant, having marched the last day 30 miles.

Officers and men displayed great coolness and bravery. The color-sergeant and color-guard behaved nobly.

I deem it my duty, however, to mention particularly Lieutenant George Graham, of Rocket Battery, W. W. McChesney (citizen), volunteer aides, for valuable services rendered throughout the expedition.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. HECKMAN,

Colonel.

General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Department of North Carolina.

No. 24. Report of Major Abram Zabriskie, Ninth New Jersey Infantry.
HDQRS. NINTH REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLS.,December 21, 1862.

SIR: I respectfully forward to you the report of the part taken by the regiment under my command in the expedition, under Major-General Foster, against Goldsborough:

We started from New Berne on the morning of December 11, this regiment holding the advance of the column, which position it retained during the whole march.

On the second day, December 12, we came up with the advance guard of the enemy. By your order two companies were sent forward as skirmishers, and continued steadily to drive the enemy back without any loss on our side.

On the morning of December 13, at 11 a.m., we came up with the enemy in a strong position on the west bank of Southwest Creek. Two of the companies were ordered to cross the stream on the right, while the remainder of the regiment crossed at a mill-dam about a mile above on the left. When we arrived at the breastwork thrown up by the enemy I found it deserted both by their artillery and infantry. However, discovering the enemy half a mile farther up the road, the regiment charged on them at a run, and succeeded in capturing a gun and caisson, 6-pounder, besides wounding 3 of the enemy and taking 6 or 8 prisoners. Skirmishing with the enemy continued through the whole day, our loss being 1 man wounded and 1 taken prisoner.

