
aware of its being repealed on the statute book. Until so informed I shall not permit a bale to be shipped, except by special orders, other than Government cotton.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, N. C., March 23, 1863.

Colonel [L. B.] NORTHROP,

Commissary-General, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: I think it necessary to call your attention to the accompanying papers,* not for any purpose of complaint, but as illustrating the growing scarcity, and especially because, in my opinion, the strongest and promptest efforts ought to be made to furnish the forts which guard this harbor with at least thirty days' rations, to be kept on hand at reserve, the daily consumption to be supplied as usual. These forts are liable to be attacked at any time and may become isolated without being taken. I have endeavored ever since I have been here to procure the supply. I do not now think it can be done except you especially direct it; at any rate, unless some changes be made in the rate of procuring meat.

Very respectfully,

W. H . C. WHITING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FORCES ON BLACKWATER,March 24, 1863.

GENERAL: I have made inquiries concerning young Ford, as you desired. There is only one of that name in the Hampton Legion - Stephen Ford, from Georgetown, S. C.

Your note concerning movements on the Rappahannock was received yesterday. I confess that I was but little satisfied with the affair, even as stated by our papers. I regret much the loss of Major Pelham. However, we must accept with gratitude, notwithstanding our loss, the indication that our cavalry will fight and subject themselves to severe loss, i. e., what would be termed severe for them. If the war continues much longer we will come to the conclusion that it is better to use our cavalry on occasion even against infantry on the battle-fields, especially after the shock of infantry.

I was very greatly disappointed at your not coming at the time of General French's visit. I sincerely hope and think it important that you should pay a visit here. I am working hard to make the line here impregnable, and in ten days it would give me pleasure to receive a visit on the lower part of my line. I have scouts out all the time and of course get numerous and conflicting reports. I received yesterday reports of the enemy's forces at Suffolk being re-enforced to some 30,000, but I cannot believe that they can exceed at an outside limit 20,000, and think 15,000 will cover their effective force. I expect to get more precise and definite intelligence in a day or so. The sharpshooters gave

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

