
RICHMOND, VA., April 1, 1863.

Lieutenant General JAMES LONGSTREET:

The enemy have abandoned Newport News. Burnside, with his corps (the Ninth), passed through Baltimore a few days since to re-enforce Rosecrans. Other troops have been sent from Hooker's army into Tennessee. One iron-clad reported at the mouth of the James River. The above may be relied on.

ARNOLD ELZEY,

Major-General.

HAMILTON, N. C., April 1, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Colonel Lamb started this morning five of his companies in the direction of Plymouth for a reconnaissance, and I propose to join them with him to-morrow. It will probably, however, be unnecessary to send this force any distance down the river, as Lieutenant-Colonel Towns, with four companies, is to-night reported as having just returned from within 1 1/2 miles of Plymouth. The force there is said to be unchanged and no evidences of a movement in the direction of Weldon. Colonel Gibbs is now sending over to Lieutenant-Colonel Brown to ascertain if his position is the same and if any movements have taken place in his front. I have been to-day expecting to hear your guns at Washington but have heard nothing. The force at Plymouth is reported 800 men and two gunboats.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 34. Richmond, Va., April 1, 1863.

* * *

II. The geographical limits of the command of Lieutenant-General Longstreet, embracing the defenses of Richmond and extending south to include the State of North Carolina-the whole under the supervision and general direction of General R. E. Lee-will be divided into three military departments, as follows: All north of the James River for the defense of Richmond will constitute the Department of Richmond, under Major-General Elzey, headquarters Richmond; all that portion of Virginia south of the James River and east of the county of Powhatan will constitute the Department of Southern Virginia, under Major-General French, headquarters at some central point near Blackwater; the State of North Carolina will constitute the Department of North Carolina, under Major General D. H. Hill, headquarters Goldsborough.

* * *

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

