
to field guns-that most of it was ammunition that had been missent. As it was utterly impossible for me to remove the commissary stores and this ammunition, and be in a condition to go to the assistance of General Ransom, I concluded it would be best to send the ammunition to Tarborough. My transportation is so limited that it is with much difficulty that I can feed my troops when moving about unless hard bread is the issue. I hope, general, that this disposition will meet with your approval, as the ammunition is not, I understand, suited for field guns, and had I removed it and the commissary stores I would not have been ready for two days or more to have gone to the assistance of General Ransom. Colonel Ferebee I presume you wish to remain here until he hears from you, as I understand from General Robertson that you informed him that he would be sent to the Blackwater when he left here. I have heard nothing from him since the dispatch I forwarded you stating that he had been informed by citizens that there were a good many wagons in Washington and some 4,000 or 5,000 troops, and he thought they would march somewhere to-day. I will, unless I receive further instructions, encamp in the vicinity of Hookerton to-morrow night.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JUNIUS DANIEL,

Brigadier-General.

There has been no movement on the Washington road since day before yesterday.
HEADQUARTERS GARNETT'S COMMAND,Two miles from Washington, N. C., April 2, 1863.

[Major General D. H. HILL:]

GENERAL: I have directed the engineer officer (Lieutenant Stevens) to proceed to build the bridge immediately (he has charge of the pontoneers sent with Colonel Singeltary), and he is now engaged on that work. He reported to me in person and I impressed upon him to use all possible dispatch. You state in one of your dispatches that General Daniel has been sent to my assistance. Please let me know what disposition you wish made of his troops. If you apprehend that re-enforcements will be sent from Plymouth he had better be ordered in that direction, I should think, unless you design that he shall, in concert with me, assault Washington. I do not understand what your particular plans are. I would be glad to act under your personal directions, if that can be done consistent with your judgment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. GARNETT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS GARNETT'S COMMAND,Near Washington, N. C., April 2, 1863.

[Major General D. H. HILL:]

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of tow dispatches from you. I very much regret that my communications to your should have been so irregular as well as late in reaching you. I did not know where you would establish your headquarters or the arrangement made of the line of couriers to communicate with you. I sent two

