
gades of General Pickett's division at Franklin, and the two Whit worth guns, unless one is indispensable to you. Let the cavalry report at the same point. I would like to be advised of the time necessary to accomplish this, as this alone will delay my operations. I sincerely hope that you may have succeeded at Washington.

I remain, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Goldsborough, N. C., April 2, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL,

Commanding in the Field:

GENERAL: Yesterday, I received a note from General Longstreet stating that 10,000 or 12,000 men of the enemy had left Newport News, Va., for the coast of this State. General L. stated that he had good reason to think they were intended for New Berne. He has directed me to look after the enemy in the direction of New Berne and Wilmington, preferring the safety of the latter to this place. I have directed General Kemper to get the earliest information from New Berne and if any movement be commenced to send you intelligence at once, as General Longstreet directed you should be informed. Everything quiet at last accounts. Kemper made his demonstration on Monday. I sent to him a regiment. It is still there. As Evans' cavalry has been taken away, there must be some cavalry in front, and I have directed Robertson to supply it. I pray by this time you have the enemy as you wish them.

Very respectfully and truly,

R. RANSOM, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

ENGINEER DEPARTMENT, DISTRICT OF THE CAPE FEAR,

Wilmington, N. C., April 2, 1863.

His Excellency ZEBULON B. VANCE,

Governor of the State of North Carolina:

DEAR SIR: The army commissary here finds it extremely difficult to keep up a supply of provisions to meet the wants of the army, and the negroes sent by you at work on defenses under my charge have in consequence been on short rations since their arrival here. I respectfully suggest that if you will induce the owners, or others interested in the negroes, to send here a suitable supply of meat and bread I will pay the highest market rates for it and see that the negroes are properly fed.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. JAMES,

Captain and Chief Engineer.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., April 2, 1863.

His Excellency ZEBULON B. VANCE,

Governor of North Carolina, Raleigh, N. C.:

SIR: On the receipt of your telegram with regard to the condition of affairs in Western North Carolina I directed General Donelson to send

