
a force to Asheville* and vicinity to repress the disorders existing there. I have just received from him the following dispatch:

KNOXVILLE, TENN., April 1, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON.

In compliance with your orders a regiment of cavalry will leave this place for Asheville, N. C., to-morrow morning, with orders to sweep the mountains in its vicinity of marauders, conscripts, and deserters.

D. S. DONELSON,

Brigadier-General Commanding.

With high regard, your obedient servant,

J. A. SEDDON.

RICHMOND, April 2, 1863.

W. S. MORRIS, Esq.,

President Telegraph Company:

I am desired by the Secretary of War to request that you will permit nothing relative to the unfortunate disturbance which occurred in the city to-day to be sent over the telegraph lines in any direction for any purpose.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, April 2, 1863.

To the Richmond Press:

GENTLEMEN: The unfortunate disturbance which occurred to-day in this city is so liable to misconstruction and misrepresentation abroad that I am desired by the Secretary of War to make a special appeal to the editors and reports of the press at Richmond, and earnestly to request them to avoid all reference directly or indirectly to the affair. The reasons for this are so obvious that it is unnecessary to state them, and the Secretary indulges the hope that his own views in this connection will be approved of by the press generally. Any other course must tend to embarrass our cause, and to encourage our enemies in their inhuman policy.

Very respectfully, &c.

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS, April 3, 1863.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 27th is just received. On Monday I started down for the Blackwater for the purpose of making arrangements for crossing a force for foraging in the counties east of the Chowan. I hope to be able to concentrate a force and have good bridges prepared by Wednesday next. My scout reported on Monday that the enemy at Newport News had embarked-it was supposed for North Carolina. There are some reports in this section that the enemy lately at Newport News has gone West. According to the best information that I can get he has a force at Suffolk of at least 17,000 men, well fortified. However, I hope to be able to cross with about the same force and to forage all the counties east of the Chowan. I do not deem it practicable to make movements concealed in any portion of this country.

---------------

*See Seddon to Donelson, Series I, Vol. XXIII, Part II, p. 726.

---------------

