
has been around Washington since Tuesday. He has called one of any regiments to his vicinity. To-morrow Kemper goes to Franklin. I shall be here with four regiments and enough artillery for my infantry. I have but one with four regiments and enough artillery for my infantry. I have but one squadron of cavalry. If an opportunity offers I shall strike; but with only 2,500 men I shall have to be circumspect. Hill had directed me not to go to Whiting under any circumstances unless the latter states that the enemy's fleet is directly off the forts below. In this official note let me ask a favor. If it be possible to prevent it do not let me be kept only to watch when others are doing better. I am not partial to service where there has been so little done and where there are poor opportunities to render real good.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

R. RANSOM, JR.,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS, April 4, 1863.

General R. RANSOM, [JR.,]

Commanding at Goldsborough, N. C.:

In case you are likely to give battle, telegraph for Colonel Ransom; otherwise let him remain on the coast. I do not know where General Robertson is. Please send an order to him to send three companies of cavalry to General Whiting. Explain to him why I send the order through you.

JAMES LONGSTREET,Lieutenant-General Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, April 4, 1863.

General W. H. C. WHITING,

Commanding at Wilmington, N. C.:

Keep Colonel [M. W.] Ransom unless his regiment is going into battle, when General Ransom will telegraph for him. Three companies are ordered in the place of Colonel Barbour. I hope that the monitor off the bar will not be able to weather the storms. If she attempts to cross have a party ready to board her.

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FORCES ON BLACKWATER,April 4, 1863.

Lieutenant-General LONGSTREET,

Commanding Department:

GENERAL: I send you the map of roads. The enemy have not gotten over the fright of my move to Carrsville and are on the alert, expecting an attack from us. My scouts report the cars running day and night from Norfolk. I learn from Mr. Hofman, just from Suffolk, that when he left the forces consisted only of some sixteen to eighteen regiments inclusive, say some 13,000 men. Thirteen regiments have been there, and either three or five of the Ninth Army Corps are there. He thinks that fortifications run from Suffolk to Dismal Swamp, but I think he is mistaken and will have an examination made. If this be so it may be

61 R R-VOL XVIII

