
APRIL 7, 1863-7.30 p. m.

[Major General D. H. HILL:]

GENERAL: I have examined the positions in front of Washington for rifled pieces with Capts. [Samuel R.] Bunting and Starr, of the artillery, and am of the opinion that those occupied by the smooth-bores of Captain Starr's battery, six in number, are the most favorable that can be found. They are on the east and front of the town and would command the block-house and new earthwork (lately erected by the Yankees to fire, I presume, on Rodman's Point) and the fort, as it is called, about the center of line of intrenchments. I shall strengthen the earth about them to-night and will be ready for them whenever they may be sent.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. GARNETT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS BRIGADE,Contentnea Creek Bridge, April 7, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL:

GENERAL: I got here at 12 o'clock to-day with my three regiments and battery. General Robertson has gone to the front. I hear nothing from Swift Creek to-day. Direct your couriers to bring dispatches by the cross-roads some 8 or 10 miles this side of your headquarters, where the Greenville road crosses the Birney place and Boyd's Ferry road, and thence direct to this place and not by Snow Hill. General Robertson has ordered an officer to fix this line of couriers. If the enemy attempt to move on Greenville we will try to give a good account of ourselves.

Yours, &amp;c.,

R. RANSOM, JR.,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Kinston, N. C., April 7, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL,

Commanding North Carolina:

DEAR SIR: Your favor of yesterday is to hand. Whitford had sent me word of the advance of the enemy. I shall be ready to obey your instructions. Some days ago I sent a force to the Contentnea to throe up batteries, rifle-pits, &c., to protect those passes. I wrote you last evening. The couriers seem to travel too slowly. I will direct them to go 8 miles the hour. Order yours in coming this way to do the same. I have just gotten yours of yesterday, and it is 7 o'clock.

Yours, very respectfully,

R. RANSOM, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, April 7, 1863.

General W. H. C. WHITING,

Wilmington, N. C.:

General Evans' brigade must be held prepared to move to Charleston.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

