
tion of affairs to the Secretary, suggesting that if you could keep Evans you could so co-operate as to make the last move completely successful. I wish you to have this in your mind, and if, in communicating with General Ransom, you find a favorable opportunity you should not fail to take advantage of it. I leave to-night for Franklin to cross Blackwater and cut off re-enforcements for North Carolina, and at the same time haul off all provisions, &amp;c., from the counties east of the Blackwater.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General Commanding.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

April 9, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: General Longstreet proposes to cross the Blackwater with a view to obtaining supplies from the counties of Nansemond, Isle of Wight, &c. He is apprehensive that the enemy may move up James River and get in his rear, and eke whether he cannot obtain some co-operation from the Navy. I am not aware that the Navy can operate below the obstructions at Drewry's Bluff. If, however, any of their steamers could go down as low as Hardy's Bluff, at which point General Longstreet might place some batteries on the land, they could observe the river below, and I do not think the enemy would venture to throw a land force ashore above Day's Point. They might also enable the Quartermaster's Department to use boats on the river to transport supplies, which would prove more expeditions than hauling them by land.

I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Cross-Roads, April 9, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: General Pettigrew reports that the enemy are advancing upon him (1.15 p. m.; reached here about 3 p. m.). I immediately ordered the Fiftieth to him. Since then two dispatches have been received. The first stated that the part of the column seen by Major Ross was half a mile long, but he did not see the rear of it. The next states that there were three brigades of infantry and two regiments, and that there were eighteen pieces of artillery. I have ordered the Fiftieth Regiment and Second Battalion (seven companies) down to him. The last two dispatches were sent by General P. They were from Leventhorpe's officers. Nothing has been received from General P. since his first, dispatch, asking me to send a part of my troops to him. Since then I have sent him the dispatch from Morehead, stating that they were within 4 miles of Swift Creek. Nothing has been received from Swift Creek since the first dispatch (2.30 p. m.). I do not think there will be an advance from Swift Creek, but I may be mistaken. The last courier from General Pettigrew said they were fighting at Blount Creek Mill.

Very respectfully, &c.,

JUNIUS DANIEL,

Brigadier-General.

