
APRIL 12, 1863.

To the ENGINEER BUREAU:

Note the President's suggestion of a report. It is desirable to know among other thins how far the permanence and security of the remaining works would be endangered by making the required opening; how long it would require to remove; whether the opening could be so arranged as still to make the obstructions effective to arrest and keep under fire hostile vessels attempting to pass, and also whether a passage might not more easily or advantageously be made by cutting a canal around through the low ground on side of the river at the point of obstruction.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

ENGINEER BUREAU, April 20, 1863.

Respectfully returned to the honorable Secretary of War.

A report in reply to the above questions has been forwarded to-day.*

J. F. GILMER,

Colonel of Engineers and Chief of Bureau.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, April 10, 1863.

General W. H. C. WHITING,

Wilmington, N. C.:

General Beauregard telegraphs that clear indications denote an early attack by land from Bull's Bay on Charleston, as likewise contemporaneous assaults on other parts of his line, and urges earnestly the forwarding of re-enforcements. If you can venture the risk, send forward any troops (Evans' brigade or less). The movement, however, is rested on your discretion, with only an expression of the desire of the Department. If you send, inform General Longstreet, whose address I do not know.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

FRANKLIN, VA., April 10, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON:

It will probably occupy two weeks of time to haul out the subsistence and quartermaster's supplies. This would probably give abundance of time for the co-operation.

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,

April 10, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The mayor of this city has called upon the Governor for a military force in aid of the civil authority in suppression of an outbreak

---------------

*See Gilmer to Seddon, April 20, p. 1008.

---------------

62 R R-VOL XVIII

