
to the number at Yorktown. Two (lieutenants) only at Newport News. Hawkins Zouaves at Camp Hamilton (Segar's farm) and Third New York in garrison at Fort Monroe. None have gone to Suffolk since the 15th of 20th of March. Their number there is estimated at 20,000. I will endeavor to learn the exact force there to-morrow night, when I shall procure papers, &amp;c. The usual fleet at the mouth of the river.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. CAUSEY,

Captain, Confederate States Army.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,April 11, 1863.

Major General ARNOLD ELZEY,

Commanding at Richmond:

GENERAL: Your letter of 7th has been received. The diversion you project in the direction of Yorktown will serve to distract the enemy and prevent re-enforcements being sent to Suffolk, and I have will afford more aid to General Longstreet than the additional troops you could give him. I approve, therefore, of your course, and hope it will be carried out boldly and energetically.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., April 11, 1863.

General JAMES LONGSTREET, Franklin, Va.:

General Beauregard is so urgent for re-enforcements that I request you will send Ransom's brigade, or some other, to Wilmington to replace Evans', which I shall order to Charleston.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS,Seven miles of Suffolk, Va., April 11, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Your telegram is received. The most that we can possibly spare to re-enforce General Beauregard would be a brigade. It would hardly be worth the while to send it. I hope that General Hill may in a few days be able to send more. I have advised him of General Beauregard's necessities. It must occupy the enemy several days to begin to make any impression at Charleston; meanwhile we may do much more good here and in North Carolina. General Hill's address by telegraph is Rocky Mount, N. C.; from that point your dispatches will be forwarded to him. His orders and arrangements were complete as far as I could make them when I left Franklin. Please send him such orders or instructions as you think proper.

May I ask that you pardon this pencil note? My writing materials have not yet come up.

I remain, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

