
of the Widow to be removed and the captain and crew to be arrested and sent to me; also the vessel to be burned should there be any danger of her falling into the hands of the enemy. I wish you would give me instructions as to what I shall to with the arrested persons and the schooner. I think she should be burned, but will not give the order until I hear from you to that effect. The ordnance officer I sent for ammunition reports that the road which was ordered to be repaired leading to Boyd's Ferry will not admit of artillery or even many wagons passing over it without cutting it up very much. As they be an important work, I deem it proper to mention this fact to you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. GARNETT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Raleigh, N. C., April 13, 1863.

Major General HILL,

Commanding Dept. of North Carolina, Goldsborough, N. C.:

GENERAL: If you have any command for me I have the honor to request that I may be ordered to it at once. The position of commanding officer here is, in my opinion, a necessary one, but the duties can be performed by an officer unable to do field service. Colonel [W. L.] De Rosset, now in the State, could easily take my place here. A general officer is not required here, and the circumstances of my situation, which are known to you, make it desirable to me to leave the State, and under any contingencies to leave the city of Raleigh. Should you have no command to offer me, please approve, recommend, and forward the inclosed application.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. MARTIN,

Brigadier-General.

[APRIL 13, 1863]-12 m.

Major General D. H. HILL:

GENERAL: Yours of 10.30 just received. I would like to have all the movable rifle artillery or rather "anti-gunboat," that I can get. The ground on the enemy's side of the mouth of the creek does certainly command ours, and unless we can drive the gunboats away they can cross; but how they are to march to Fort Hill afterward will puzzle them, provided our forces are ready to concentrate. They must concentrate to attack. Everything depends upon our being able to do the same is my opinion. I think the guns in question had better come down.

Yours, respectfully,

J. J. PETTIGREW,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Kinston, N. C., April 13, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL, Commanding:

GENERAL: Your two notes of to-day are just received. Of course I will cheerfully do whatever is for the good of our service; but I hope my brigade may be kept together. Faithfully have I striven to get it to a first-rate state of efficiency, and it would be a proud moment for me to

