
brigade on the south ought to be able to keep the enemy in on that side. Indeed, it seems that half of this brigade is enough on the south side. By such an arrangement you will have treble the force of the garrison. Garnett then could come here; Daniel go to Kinston, and Ransom to Wilmington. If you cannot effect such an arrangement the investment had better be abandoned. If you prefer, it is suggested that the two regiments at Hamilton be sent to Wilmington; then Ransom's brigade can remain where it is, and you will thus have Daniel and Pettigrew at Washington, which ought to be abundant. There can be no great force to succor Washington, and it must come from New Berne. If it comes from that point you can support by Daniel's brigade and replace it by part of Ransom's.

Two of your letters reported the enemy evacuating New Berne. If this be done you will require little or no force at Kinston. A portion of the troops from North Carolina are reported landing in Gates County for Suffolk. It thus appears that the force that you are to contend against is being drawn in this direction. Send Garnett's brigade and Reilly's battery here as soon as possible, but endeavor to continue the siege. When the enemy had all his force in North Carolina you had no trouble in driving back his succoring force; now that part of it is here you can surely keep back the little force that he may possibly be able to bring against you.

It is suggested that excessive charges may account for the repeated disasters to your guns. If they were reduced it is through that not so many would burst.

The enemy is re-enforcing here from his reserves in Baltimore and other points. His accessions, however, are not believed to be large. Not a gun has been fired here at the enemy's works. We have no ammunition to throw away in this manner.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 15, 1863.

Major [L. M.] SHUMAKER,

Chief of Artillery:

Withdraw the batteries and go into camp, and do not attack the gunboats unless they move up; in that case attack them. I wish you to remain here to-night with the batteries. I go up the assist Major Henry. Keep a watch and let no boats pass down.

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General.

APRIL 16, 1863.

[Major General D. H. HILL:]

GENERAL: I have had my courier line removed already. I applied for the boat to-day, but the captain said he was specially under your orders, and if he went up to Greenville he could not return without going a considerable distance above that town to get wood. I therefore concluded to try to move my stores with my own wagons. It will require some two days to send the meat, meal, and corn I have at Pactolus to Greenville. I will leave Colonel Ferebee to defend Tranter's Creek Bridge when I leave. The steamer is loading the flats with large guns. Two are already on board. This will prevent the boat from taking my men over. If what the captain says is correct the steamer will have to

