
taking Norfolk, but we cannot hold Norfolk twenty-four hours without the aid of the Navy or heavier guns than we now have. I do not think that we should have much trouble getting both places with the aid of the Richmond. Suffolk would surely fall if the Richmond would only come down and anchor in the mouth of the Nansemond. The principal object of the expedition was to draw out supplies for our army. I shall confine myself to this unless I find a fair opportunity for something more. The reports of bacon and corn are very favorable thus for. In some instances I have heard of bacon being bought at 12 1/2 cents per pound. General Hill is expecting the enemy's force at Charleston to return to North Carolina and make their operations there. I looks to me more sensible for the enemy than South Carolina.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, April 17, 1863-9 p. m.

Major General S. G. FRENCH, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your note of 7th is received. I regret to learn that Lieutenant Rogers is probably captured. I hope that we are more troublesome to the gunboats than they are to us. I think that you had better send the whole of Colonel Connally's regiment down early in the morning. The long guns from Fort Powhatan will probably be ready the at after to-morrow. I have two cavalry companies below the Western Branch, which ought to keep off the Yankee pickets. Colonel Brown is at Smithfield; I will order him down to the Nansemond.

Yours, respectfully,JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF SOUTHERN VIRGINIA,

Petersburg, Va., April 17, 1863.

[Major General S. G. FRENCH:]

GENERAL: I inclose you a note* from Captain Milligan, to hand this morning, as I cannot attend to it here, and he is by this time nearer your present headquarters than these. I telegraphed Major Daves last night that Colonel Brown's entire command had left Fort Powhatan, probably for Smithfield, as Major Sorrel ordered six companies through Captain Riely to move at once with Dabney's battery to that place. I telegraphed to Fort Powhatan yesterday to know if the four companies had moved, and learned there was no one there was no one there, when I went to see Captain Riely, who told me of Major Sorrel's order to him. I hope there is no mistake about this matter, and the four companies will reach Franklin in good time; but under the existing state of affairs I cannot feel myself responsible for any miscarriage of orders, as Colonel Brown's command either is or is not under your immediate command. No news here and but little doing in the office.

Hoping for your safe and speedy return, I am, yours, sincerely,

CHAS. D. MYERS.

P. S.-I sent you a New York Herald of the 13th instant on yesterday.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

