THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
LI
In Georgia.
For a light-boat to be placed off the knoll north
of'Tybee Island, Savannah river, - 30,000 00
In Florida.
For the removal of the .light-house on Amelia
Island to such other site tttereon as the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall deem best suited to the
exigencies of commerce, - 6,000 00
In Mississippi.
For a light-house on the west end of Ship Island, 12,000 00
In Louisiana.
For a bug-light at Proctorsville, on Lake Borgne, 500 00
For a light-boat on Ship Shoal, near Dernier, or
La*t Island, 15,000 00
For a light-boat in Atchafalaya bay, as designated
on the chartdrawn by Captain Foster, provided
the Fifth Auditor shall deem the same neces-
sary for the protection of commerce, after caus-
ing a full examination to be made, - 12,000 00
In Wisconsin.
For a light-house to guide vessels through the
passage from Lake Michigan to Green Bay,
called Port du Mort, - - - 3,500 00
For alight-house at Port Washington, - - 3,500 U0
For a bug-light on the Government pier at Mil-
waukee, ------- - 500 00
In Michigan.
For twelve buoys to be placed on the St. Clair
flats, in St. Ciair river, ----- 800 00
For two beacon light-houses on Detroit river, one
near Mamajuda, and the otheron or neArGrass
Island, or at such places as may be decided upon
by the Fifth Auditor, after a survey, - - 7,000 00
In JVeio Jersey.
For providing Surf-boat, rockets, carronades, and
other necessary apparatus for the better preser-
vation of life and property from shipwreck on
the coast of New Jersey, between Sandy Hook
and Liule Egg Harbor,  10,000 00
To purchase lenses, and to fit up, under the di-
rection of the Secretary of the Treasury, a light-
house, to make trial of Mr. Ishenvood's plan
of discriminating one light from another^ and
of determining the distance of a vessel from a
light,  6,000 00
$184,600 00
5,000 00
Act to establish the Territorial Government of Oregon.
For the services and expenses of such persons
as have been engaged by the provisional gov-
ernment of Oregon in conveying communica-
tions to and from the United States, and the
purchase of presents for such of the Indian
tribes as the peace and quietude of the country
requires, $-10,000 00
For the erection of suitable buildings at the seat
of government,
For the purchase of a library^ to be kept at the
seat ot' govern merit, for the use of the governor,
legislative assembly, judges of jjie supreme
court, secretary, marshal, and attorney of'said
Territory, and such other persons, and under
such regulations, as shall be prescribed by law, 5,000 00
For the construction of light-houses at Cape Dis-
appointment and New Dungine^s; and for the
construction and anchoring of the requisite
number of buoys, to indicate the channels at
the mouth of the Columbia rivei, and the ap-
proaches to the harbor of Astoria, - - - 15,000 00
$35,00U 00
An act for the relief of the heirs of John Paul Jones.
To settle the accounts of the late Commodore John Paul
Jones with the United States, upon the principles of
justice arid equity—[Indefinite.]
To pay to the legal representatives of the said John Paul
Jones, and the officers, seamen,.md marines of the squad-
ron under his command, being citizens ofthe United States
or their representatives, their respective proportions of the'
value, as estimated by Benjamin Franklin, ot three prizes
captured by the squadron under the command of the said
.Tonc«, and delivered up to Great Britain bv Denmark, in
seventeen hundred and seventy-nine.—[Indenite.]
■Jin act for the relief of Joseph and Lindley Ward.
To adjust and settle the claim of Lindley and Joseph Ward
arii-iug upon their contract with the United States to fur-'
rush rations for the emigrating Indians ofthe Pottawatomie
tribe, in eighteen hundred and thirty-eight—[Indefinite.]
Jin act providing for the payment of the claim of
Walter R. Johnson against the United States.
For his services, and payments made by him, in
researches and experiments on American coal, *
under the direction of the Secretary of the
aVy'  - - $611 31
An act for the relief of the administratrix of Elisha
I" Keen, deceased.
For advances to the United States in the vears
eighteen hundred and thirteen and eighteen
hundred and fourteen, * qq
An act in addition to an act for the relief of Walter
Looms and Abel Gay, approved July second, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-six.
For making the Cumberland road, and so far as they extract-
ed to make the said road, or any part thereof, different
re^r.—[Indefiriite?]ltraCt? ^ f°r keepin£ ffie Same itt
Jin act to provide for the compensation of Samuel
Leech, for services in the investigation of suspended
sales in the Mineral Point district, Wisconsin.
For services performed by him pursuant to in-
structions from the General Land Office, in
taking testimony at Mineral Point, Wisconsin,
during the past year; and fbr making a report
in the cases of entry in that land district, in
which patents have been withheld, on account
of alleged frauds in making said entries,- - $550 00
An act for the relief of the legal representatives of
George Fisher, deceased.
For the. value of property taken or destroyed by the troops of
the United States engaged in suppressing Indian hostilities
in the year eighteen hundred and thirteen.—[Indefinite.]
An act for the relief of John Black, late consul of
the United States at the city of Mexico.
For his diplomatic services to the United States in Mexico
during the suspension of diplomatic intercourse between
Mexico and the United Sfates, from the tenth of May,
eighteen hundred and forty five, to the third day of April,
eigiiteen hundred and forty-seven, inclusive.—[Indefinite.]
To cover his extraordinary expenditures incurred by him,
the said Black, in consequence of his forcible expulsion
from Mexico, and in bringing with him to the United States
the archives of legation ofthe United States, - $1,194 00
Jin act to provide for the purchase of the manuscript
papers of the late James Madison, former President
of the United States. '
To purchase of Mrs. D. P. Madison, widow of
the late James Madison, formerly President of
the United States, all the unpublished manu-
script papers of the said James Madison now
belonging to and in her possession, - - $25,000 t)0
Jin act for the relief of Edward Bolon.
For services in keeping two prisoners ofthe Uni-
ted States, named Passmore, in the jail of Cal-
houn county, Florida, - - $1,174 00
. Jin act for tht relief of Thomas Brownell.
For medical services rendered to the officers and
seamen attached to the naval station at Sackett's
Harbor, $50 63
An act for the relief of Samuel W. Bell, a native of
the Cherokee nation.
His expenses incurred in going to and returninsfrom Flmida,
m the year eighteen hundred and tliiity-seven, and such
daily pay for the time he was engaged on such mission, up
to the time of his return to the Cherokee nation, as was
paid to Richard Fields for similar services.—[Indefinite.]
An act for the relief of Jones and Boker.
For eight treasury notes, of which they were the
lawful owners, and which were abstracted and
stolen from the mail at the post office at Fay-
etteville, in the State of Arkansas," - #1,100 00
An act for the relief of Richard Bloss and others.
For the amount paid by them on the forfeited recognizance
and bond fbr the appearance of Thaddeus P. Haskell 
[indefinite.] i
An act for the relief Joseph Wilson.
For such deficiency as he shall show to exist byreason of his
making his deposits of the public money in the Phoenix
bank, at Charlestown, Massachusetts, subsequent to the
twenty-fifth of February, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
after a final liquidation and distribution of the effects of
said bank shall have been made; and shall also allow to
said Wilson such reasonable and proper expenses as he has
actually incurred and paid, or may incur and pav, in a
suit now pfendmg m the supreme judicial court of Massa-
chusetts, and prosecuting the same to final judgment
brought to enfoice the supposed priority of the claims of
the United States over other creditors upon the assets of
said bank in the hands of trustees.—[Indefinite.]
An act for the relief of Charles L. Dell.
For military services performed during the Seminole war
between the twenty-third of May and tile twenty-ninth of
November, eighteen hundred and forty [Indefinite.]
Anact for the relief of W. B. Slavghter, late Secre-
tary of the Territory of Wisconsin.
To settle the accounts of W. B. Slaughter, late
secretary of the Territory of Wisconsin, upon
the principles of equity and justice, - - - $1,731 51
Jin act for the relief of the legal representatives of
James Brown, deceased.
For such portion of the amount appropriated by
an act of Congress, approved June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and thirty-four, entitled "An
act for the relief of the legal representatives
of James Brown," as remains due and unpaid, $4,149 '0
Jin act for the relief of Phineas Capen, administrator
of John Cox, deceased, of Boston.
For his services on board of one of its ships, and
which said sum was fraudulently obtained from
the treasury officers by a person unknown to,
and unauthorized by, the heirs and the leeal
administrator of said John Cox, deceased, -
Jin act for the relief of William Ralston.
For his services as chaplain to the regiment of
Tennessee cavalry, from the sixth of June,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, to April twenty-
one, eighteen hundred and forty-seven, - - $
81
Jin act for the relief of Barclay md Livingston, and
Smith, Thurgar, and Company.
For excess of duly paid by them to the collector
of the port of New York, upon the importations
of jute grass, under the name of India matting,
India weed, hemp carpeting? or jute caipeting,
under the tariff law of eighteen hundred and
foi ty-two, and imported in the years eighteen
hundred and forty-two, eighteen hundred and
forty-three, eighteen hundred and forty-four,
and eighteen hundred and forty-five, beyond
what the same were legally chargeable with, - $1,200 00
Jin act to authorize the settlement of the account of
Joseph Nourse, deceased.
To settle the account of Joseph Nourse, in conformity with
the award and decree of the district court of the United
States for the District of Columbia, as affirmed by the Su-
preme Court ofthe United States [Indefinite.]
Jin act for the relief of Stalker and HilU
For a steamboat called the " James Boatwright," which was
sunk iu Indian river, in Florida, in the month of April,
eighteen hundred and thirty-eight, while in the service of
the United States.—[Indefinite.]
Jin act for the relief of William T. Holland.
For the mileage allowed by law to witnesses aitendingthe
courts of the United St.rtes from the city of Eio de Janeiro,
in the empire of Brazil, to the city of Richmond, in the
State of Virginia.—[Indefinite.]
An act for the relief of Alfred White.
In satisfaction of a judgment recovered against ^
him by the United States, in the districrcourt
for the southern district ot Mississippi, - - $54 45
An act for the relief of Thomas Scott, register of the
land office at Chilicothe, Ohio, for services con-
nected with the duties of his office.
For extra labor performed by persons employed
by Thomas Scott, late register of the land office
at Chilicothe, Ohio, in consequence of the
transfer to *=aid office ofthe busiuess of certain
other land offices, under the act approved June
twelfth, eighteen hundred and forty, - - $500 00
An act for the relief of Bent, St. Vrain, and Company.
For provisions collected for the use of a detachment of Uni-
ted States troops on the waters of the upper Arkansas, in
the year eighteen hundred and forty-three, under a con-
tract made with Major Lee, commissary of subsistence at
St. Louis, and recommended to be allowed by General
Gibson, commissary general of subsistence, by letter to the
Second Comptroller, dated May twenty-eighth, eighteen
hundred and forty-four.—[Indefinite.]
An act for the relief of John Anderson.
For forty-eight thousand five hundred and seven-
ty-four pounds of lead, received bvthe agent of
the United States as rent for the "use of a lead
mine which belonged to said Anderson at the
time the rent was paid, - $2,333 8S£
An act for the relief of Bennet M. Dell.
For the value of a certain building at Newnans-
ville, in Florida, which was taken for the use
ofthe United States by order of Colonel Fran-
cis R. Sanchez,, m the year eighteen hundred
and thirty-five, and continued in the use of the
United States as a blockhouse arid magazine
until eighteen hundred and forty-one, when it
was abandoned and pulled down, - $750 00
An act for the relief of E. G. Smith.
For extra sei vice, out of office hours, rendered by him in the
preparation of the agricultural report in eighteen hundred
and forty-four and eighteen hundred and forty-five.—fin-
definite.] L
An act for the relief ofAmzy Judd.
For the amount still due him as encouragement
for his enlistment into the army of the United
States, under the provisions of the act of Con-
gress approved January twentieth, eighteen
hundred and thirteen, ----- $2400
An act for the relief of the legal representatives of
William McKenzie, late a seaman on hoard the
United States ship Vincennes.
For the sum due to William VcKenzie, late a seaman on
board the United States ship Vincennes, at the time of his
death, as determined by the proper accounting officers of
the treasury [Indefinite.]
An act for the relief of J. Throckmorton.
For any damage or loss sustained by him in con-
sequence of the rescinding of a cei tain contract
on the twentieth August, one thousand eight
hundred and forty, without any fault and against
the wish of the said Throckmorton, - - $1,000 00
An act for the relief of Elijah II. Willis.
For his services as inspector and measurer, in the
discharge of the cargo of schooner Carpenter's
Son, in the year eighteen hundred and forty-
five, -  $25 65
