LII
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
An act for the relief of William Culver.
For woi k on, and for materials furnished for. the-
United States custom-house at the city of New
London, in the State of Connecticut, - - $1,317 21
An act for the relief of the heirs of Matthew Stewart.
For all demands, under bid claims as set forth in
the report of Colonel Totten, of the Engineer
Corps, dated nineteenth of January, eighteen
hundred and forty-six, $148 48
Jin act for the relief of certain Tenneesee volunteers.
For the use and risk of horses, and for forage, from the first
day of November, eighteen hundred and thirty-six} the
date of the-order of General Wool, until the day they were
finally discharged, according to law, from the public ser-
vice—[Indefinite.]
Jin act to refund a penalty remitted by the Secretary
of the Treasury to John Hardorp.
For the amount of a certain penalty incurred by
him under the seventeenth section of the act of
Congress entitled " An act to provide revenue
from imports, and to change and modify exist-
ing laws imposing duties on imports, and for
other purposes," approved thirtieth August, in
the year of our Lord eighteen hundred and
forty-two, ------ - §418 60
• Jin act for the relief of Jllborne Allen.
For the balance due on a contract for building a
boat called the ^Eolus, on account of the Gov-
ernment, ------- - $432 00
An act for the relief ofJB. 0. Tayloe.
To ascertain, from the proof to be submitted by said Tayloe
and by the Government, whether the buildings were re-
turned to B. O. Tayloe by the Post Office Department "in
a good and tenantable conditionand if not, to ascertain
the amount of damage sustained by said B. O. Tayloe.—
[Indefinite.]
Jin act supplementary to " Jin act to authorize the
Secretary of State to liquidate certain claims therein
mentioned J1 passed eighteenth of April, one thou-
sand eight hundred and, fourteen
For advances made, for the use and benefit of the United
States, prior to and since the taking of that'portion of the
Jate province of West Florida described in the act (ap-
proved eighteenth April, eighteen hundred and fourteen)
to which this is a Mipplement, as included within the
limits of the State of Louisiana, or of the Mississippi tei-
ritory, by the United States.—[Indefinite.]
An act for the payment of the fourth regiment in the
second brigade qf the third division of the Vermont
militia, for services at the battle of Plattsbnrg.
For one month's services of the officers and soldiei* of the
fourth regiment m the second brigade of the third division
of the militia of the State of Vermont, who served at the
battle of Pidttshurg on tiie eleventh day of September,
one thousand eight hundred and fourteen, for their mih-
taiy services on that occasion.—[Indefinite.]
An act for the relief of the widotos and orphans of the
officers, seamen, and marines of the brig-of-war
Somen.
A sum equal to twelve months' pay of their respective de-
ceased relation* aforesaid, in addition to the pay due to
the said deceased at the date of the loss of said vessel.—
[Indefinite.]
An act for the relief of Ward and Smith.
For advances made by them for the use of the Navy Depart-
ment in California, m the month of February, eighteen
hundred and lorty-seven,and to certify the amount to the
Secretary of the Treasury.—[Indefinite.]
An act for the relief of Messrs. Cook, Anthony, Ma-
hony, and others.
For amount of treasury notes which were depos-
ited, enclosed in letter.-, in the po.-t office at
Van Buren, in the State of Arkansas, in March,
anno Domini one thousand eight hundred and
forty-three, and were'afterw.irds stolen from
the mail by one Charles Botsford, - $600 00
An act for the relief of Charles M. Gibson.
For a Wiigon captured ami destroyed in Middle
Florida by the Seminole Indian*, in February,
one thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine, - $300 00
An act for the relief of Milledge Galphin, executor
of the last will and testament of George Galphin,
deceased,
For the claim of the Jute George Galphin, undt r the treaty
made by the Governor of Georgia with the Creek and
Cherokee Indians, in the year seventeen hundred and
sevem.v-three.--[(ndefiniie.j
Jin act for the payment of Charles Richmond.
For hi* services as special marshal in aiding the
marshal of the F7mted^tate?> for the district of
Michigan to preserve the neutral relations of
the United States with the provinces of Upper
and Lower Canada, in eighteen liundrpd and
thirty-nine and eighteen hundred and forty, - $300 00
An act for the relief of the legal representatives of
Thomas J. V. Owen, deceased.
For the u*e and ocer/p ction of his house at Chi-
cago during the Black Hawk war, in the year
eigiiteen bundled and thirty-two, as a ehoJeta
hospital, $200 00
An act for the relief of William B. Stokes.
For extra services preformed by John IV. C.
Stockton and Company, who were contractors
for carrying the mailfrom Augusta, in the State
of Georgia, to Mobile, in Alabama? said services
having been rendered during the months of
May, June, and July, in the year one thousaud
eight hundred and thirty-six, - $4,775 00
An act for the relief of Samuel Grice.
For damages by the seizure of his boat by an officer of the
United States army, in the year eighteen hundred and
thirty-six, so far as said damages have not arisen from the
negligence of said Grice.—[Indefinite.]
An act for the relief of John P. B. Gratiot and the
legal representatives of Henry Gratiot.
For rent received by the agents for the United States of
said Henry and John P. B. Gratiot, after deducting the
amount appearing on the books of the treasury, found to
he really due from said Gratiots, or either of them, to the
"United States.—[Indefinite.]
An act authorizing the payment of a sum of money to
Robert Purkis,
As an evidence of the sense entertained by Con-
gress of his valor and good conduct in having
recaptui ed, alone and unassisted, a vessel called
the Little Sarah, together with four seamen of
the British navy, winch prisoners wwe deliv-
ered to the district of Rhod^Island, and as a
compensation for the prisoners so taken, - $700 00
An act for the relief qf William Hogan, administrator
of Michael Hogan, deceased.
For the services rendered and moneys advanced
by the said Michael Ifogan, as agent or factor
for the Navy Department at Valparaiso, - $16,R31 87
An act to compensate R. M. Johnson for the erection
of certain buildings for the use of the Choctaw
Academy.
For the buildings erected by Colonel Richard M
Johnson, of Kentucky, for the use of Indian
students at the Choctaw Academy, - - $10,000 00
An act for the relief of Benjamin Adams and Com-
pany, and others.
For the additional duties paid by them, severally,
over and above five per cent, ad valorem im-
posed by the act ot the second of March, one
thousand eight hundred and tlurtv-thiee, on )
certain milled and fulled cloths, known by the I
name of "plains, kerseys, and Kendal cottons," j
which .were imported by them, respectively, I
under the act of the fourteenth of July, one j
thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, - - $2,776 00 I
An act for the relief of Purser Benjamin J. Cahooue.
For the services of Mr. Fleming, late captain's
clerk on board the United States frigalo Con-
gress, who performed the additional duties of
purser's clerk during a part of the late cruise of
said frigate, $-237 67
■Jhi act for the relief of David A. Watterston.
For his salary for the fourth quarter nf tiie yenr
eighteen hundred and forty-four, and the first
quarter of the year eighteen hundred and forty-
five> - - $87 80
An act for the relief of David Wilkinson.
For the benefits accruing to the public service
from the use of the principle of the gauge and
sliding lathe, of which he was th^ inventor
now in use in the workshops of the Govern-
ment at the different national arsenals and ar-
mories, $10,000 00
An act for the relief of John Lorimer Graham, late
postmaster in the city of JVeic York. '
For his disbursements from the post office fund
in leasing ground and buildings, and fitting the
same for the principal branch po.-t office in that
cit>, under the direction of Chales A. Wickhffe
late Postmaster General.—[Indefinite.] *
For .having overpaid when postmaster, - . ^ ^
A resolution, in favor of David Shaw and Solomon
T. Corner.
For carrying the mail on route number four, from
Portland to Augusta, iu Maine, - - . $3,000 00
For the support of the Indian Department.. 901,134 68
For the support of the navy  9,878,136 77
For the civil and diplomatic expenses of the
Government  4.956,420 19|
For the support of the army 10,61*2,416 28
For the erection of light-houses, &c  184,600 00
Miscellaneous  151,161 05
Total $47,431,8-14 lyi
A resolution for the relief of II. B. Gaither.
For taking charge of and keeping certain books
relating to the payment of the Cherokee*. in the
year eighteen hundred and forty-one, under
an implied contract with William Armstrong.
agent for said Indians, - $240 00
SECAPITULATIOjV.
For the deficiencies in former appropiiations for the year
ending Jun^ 30 1848 $15,115,666 ?*8
For revolutionary and other pensions  453,-336 34
Foi tiie support of the Military Aeadcmv.... 143,47-2 00
For the service of the Post Office Department 4,4">lw00 (0
For foi tifications  583,600 00
OFFICES CREATED AND THE SALARIES THERE-
OF.
By the act concerning certain collection districts, and for other
purposes.
One surveyor, to reside at Cold Spring, fees.
One surveyor, to reside at Sag Harbor, fees.
By the act jurther to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of thefisral year ending the 3Qth June, 1848.
One cleik in the office of the Fifth-Auditor, $800.
Eight clerks in the office of the Commissioner of Pensions,
per diem $3 33.
For additional clerks in the offices of the Second and Third
Auditors and Second Comptroller, each $1,000.
Eight clerks in the office of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, each $1,000.
By the act to make Ship Island, in the collection district of
Pearl river, a port of delivery, and to authorize the appoint-
ment of a deputy collector for said port,
One deputy collector, to reside at Ship Island, fees.
jBy the act to provide additional examiners in the Patent Office,
and for other purposes.
Two principal examiners, each $2,500.
Two assistant examiners, each $1,500.
Two clerks, each $1,200.
By the act to prevent the importation of adulterated and spu-
rious drugs and medicines.
One examiner of drugs and medicines at Boston, $1,O;)0.
One examiner of drugs and medicines at New York, 1,600*.
One examiner of drugs and medicines at Philadelphia,
$1,000.
One examiner of diugs and medicines at Baltimore,
$1,000. . '
One examiner of drugs and medicines at Charleston,
$1,000.
One examiner~of drugs and medicines at New Orleans.
$1,000.
By the act for dividing the Stale of Georgia into two judicial
districts, and organizing and establishing an additional dis-
trict court of the United States, with, circuit court powers
and jurisdiction.
One cJerk, fees.
By the act making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of Government, for the year ending the thirtieth
day of June, 1849, and for other purposes.
Six clerks m the office of the Second Comptroller, each
$1,200. •
Nine clerks in the office of the Second Auditor, each
$1,000. '
Thirteen clerks in the office of the Second Auditor, each
$3 pet day.
Two clerks in the office of the Third Auditor, each
$1,200. '
Four clerks in the office of the Third Auditor, each
$1,000. '
Eight clerks in the office of the General Land Office, each
$1,000. '
Twenty-seven clerks in the office of the Commissioner of
Pension*, each $3 33 per dav.
One consul general at Alexandria, Egypt, $3,000.
One clerk in the office of the Adjutant General, $1,400.
Three clerks in the office of the Commissary General of
Subsistence, each $1,000.
One clerk in the Bureau of Navy Yards and Docks,
$i,U00. 9
By the act to establish the Territorial Government in Oregon,
One governor and superintendent of Indian affairs, 83,000.
One secretary, $j,500.
One chief justice, $2,000.
Two associate justices, $2,000.
Three clerks of the district courts, who shall receive the
same, fees to which the clerks of the district courts of the
late Wisconsin Territory received for similar services.
One clerk of the Supreme Court, who shall teeeive the
*e ^ees which the clerks of the district court of the Jate
Wisconsin Territory received for similar services.
One attorney forthe United States, who shall receive'the
same fees as were provided for the attorney for the United
Territory of Wisconsin, and in addition
$200.
One marshal for the United States, who shall receive the
same fees as were provided for the marshal of the United
ttonrf8 ^ur Termory Wisconsin, and in addition
fcUJO.
One chief clerk of the Legislative Assembly, $5 per day.
dav C ass*stRnt the Legislative Assembly, $3 per
'One Sorgeant-at-arms, $3 per day.
One collects of cuMums at the port of Astoria, who shall
reooAve. ttafed fees, and in addition $1,000.
Two surveyors of customs who shall receive stated fees,
and in addition each $500.
OFFICERS WHOSE SALARIES ARE INCREASED.
By the act making appropriation* for the civil and diplomatic
evppnspt of the. Gofprixment for the year ending the thirtieth
oj June, 1849, and for other purposes.
The salary of one recording clerk in the office of the So-
licitor of the Treasury increased $200.
The salaiy ot one clerk in the office of the Commissioner
ot Indian Affairs increased $200.
The salary of the Commissioner of Pensions increased
$.>00.
The salary of R. B. Boyd increased to $480.
