1847,.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8
Almighty Power, whose recorded attribute it is,
that " He maketh men to be of one mind in a
ljouse!"
Let us enter, gentlemen, upon our work of le-
gislation with a solemn sense of our responsibility
to God and to our country. However we may be
divided on questions of immediate policy, we are
united by the closest ties of permanent interest and
permanent obligation. Weare the Representatives
of twenty millions of people, bound together by
common laws and a common liberty. A common
flag floats daily over us, on which there is not one
of us who would see a stain rest, gnd from which
there is not one of us who would see a star struck.
Arid we have a common Constitution, to which
the oaths of allegiance, which it will be my first
duty to administer to you, will be only, I am per-
suaded, the formal expression of those sentiments
of devotion which are already cherished in all our
hearts.
There may be differences of opinion as to the
powers which this Constitution confers upon us;
but the purposes for which it was created are in-
scribed upon its face in language which cannot be
misconstiued. It was ordained and established
"to form a more perfect union, establish justice,
ensuie domestic tianquillity, provide for the com-
mon defence, promote the general welfare, and
secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our
posterity."
Union, justice, domestic tranquillity, the com-
mon defence, the general welfare, and the security
of liberty for us and for those who shall come aftef
us, are thus the great objects for which we are to
exercise whatever powers have been intrusted to
us. And I hazard nothing in saying that there
have been few periods in our national h istory when
the eyes of the whole people "fiave been turned
more intently and moie anxiously towards the
Capitol than they are at this moment, to see what
is to be done, here and now, for the vindication
and promotion of these lofty ends.
Let us resolve, then, that those eves shall at
least witness on our part duties discharged with
diligence, deliberations conducted with dignity,
and efforts honestly and earnestly made for the
peace, prosperity, and honor of the Republic.
I shall esteem it the highest privilege of my
public life, if I shall be permitted to contribute
anything to these results by a faithful and impar-
tial administration of the oiHce which I have now
accepted. , •
The oath of office, as required by the sixth arti-
cle of the "Constitution, and as prescribed by the
act of Congress of June 1, 1789, to wit: " That I
will support the Constitution of the United States,'"
was then administered to the Speaker by Mr. John
d. Adams.
The SPEAKER announced that the next act to
be done in the organization of the House was to
administer the oath (or affirmation) of office to the
other members present, and to that end he would,
therefore, direct the Clerk to call the roll by States,
commencing with the State of Maine.
The roll was then called over, and the same oath
(or affirmation) as stated above, was administered
by the Speaker to ail the other members present.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, it was
Ordered, That a message lie sent to trie Senate to inform
tliat body that a Quorum of the House ol Representatives lias
assembled, and tliat Robert C. WiM'HEor,one of tile Rep-
lesentatives from tlie State of Massachusetts, lias been
«h<wen Speaker. and that the House is now ready to pro-
ceed to business; and that the Clerk do go with said mes-
sage.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved the following
resolution: °
Resolved, That a seteet committee be charged with the
noise"' amenlimii!'t> and simplification of the .rules of this
The resolution having been read by the Clerk-
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL remarked that he had
merely to say, in reference to this resolution, that
at the beginning of the 28th Congress a committee
was appointed for the purpose contemplated by this
resolution—a committee of which Mr. Davis, the
late Speaker, was a member. That committee was
industriously employed for several days, and he
lecouected that they expunge# about forty old
laws. There were many laws which nobody un-
derstood. For his part, if others did, he confessed
he did not understand them, and h« Kished'to see
this House disencumbered of a multiplicity of l^ws
which were of no utility. The laws to govern the
House should be as simple as possible. They were
not now embarrassed with the slave question,
which was involved on previous occasions: they
could, therefore, now flame simple rules, by which
the public would be benefited, and every gentle-
man who has had experience in such matters
would be satisfied. At present they had more
rules than were for their good. That was all he
had to say.
Mr. TRUMAN SMITH suggested to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ingersoll] a dif-
ficulty which would arise if the course he indi-
cated were pursued. Adopt the resolution of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, and until the com-
mittee shall report the House would be without
rules.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. So much the better.
We shall then be governed by the common parlia-
mentary law, which is preferable.
Mr. TRUMAN SMITH apprehended that that
would not answer the purpose; and, if lie mistook
not, the ordinary rules of the House must be
adopted, at least temporarily, to enable them to
consummate the organization of the House. Until
rules were adopted they could have no Sergeant-
at-Arms, as no authority for that appointment was
found in the old parliamentary law. And, if he
mistook not, there was no rule in the nature of
the previous question in the parliamentary law.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. So much the better.
Mr. TRUMAN SMITH, (in continuation.)
The difficulties ir. which they would be involved
would be interminable; to avoid which, he would
move to amend the resolution by striking out all
after the word " resolved," and inserting, in sub-
stance, " Provided, That the ordinaay rules and
orders of this House in force at the end of last
session shall be the rules and orders of this House
until the third Monday of December, 1847, with
the exception (and he made it at the request of
some gentlemen around him) of the 33d, or one-
hour rule—[several voices, " Oh, strike it out"] —
and that a committee be appointed to take the en-
tire subject into consideration.
Mr. BARRINGER said he held in his hand a
resolution which, with the permission of the gen-
tleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Smith,] he would
read, and submit as an amendment to the resolu-
tion of the gentleman frorr? Pennsylvania, [Mr. C.
J. Ingersoll,] believing that it would accomplish
the object contemplated by the gentleman from
.Connecticut. It was as follows:
Resolved, That the rules of the House of Representatives,
as tliey existed at the close of the last session of Congress,
he for the present adopted as the rules of this House, and
that a committee be appointed to revise and leport to tins
House such alterations and amendments tiieiem as may be
deemed advisable.
Mr. TRUMAN SMITH replied, that if a reso-
lution were now adopted in that general form, the
rules would become binding on the House for the
entire session; and hence, instead of the words
"for the present," in his amendment, he had pre-
ferred the words " until the third Monday of De-
cember, 1847." He, however, adopted the amend-
ment of the gentleman from North Carolina, with
a modification.
The Clerk, at the request of several gentlemen,
again read the resolution as amended, as follows:
Resohej, That the rules of the House of Representatives,
as they existed at tlie close of the last session of CoMirr.jss,
be, until the third Monday of Decfmb^r, 1847, adopted
the rule* of this House, except the thiify-thiid ml'1; and
that a committee be appointed to revise the rule*, and report
to this House such alterations and amendments as may be
deemed advisable.
Mr. TRUMAN SMITH further urged the ne-
cessity of limiting the term of operation of these
rules. If they adopted them indefinitely, it-would
be impossible to pass through this House any
modification of them, and in many respects he de-
sired to see them modified. The one-hour rule
should be modified; and there were others that
equally required modification, which he would not
now allude to only in general terms, simply men-
tioning: the object he had in view, and that was so
to amend the rules and orders of this House as to
enable the Speaker to maintain order, and make
the proceedings of this body what they should be,
as oiderly and dig-nified in every respect as was the.
Senate or any deliberative body or assemblage in
the Union. He had consulted several friends on
the best mod^e of accomplishing this, but he would
not now dwell on this point. He would simply
literate hig conviction of the necessity to limit the
operation of the rules to the third Monday ia.De- .
cember.
Mr. LEVIN moved that the House do now ad-
journ.
Mr. HOWELL COBB hoped the gentleman
would withdraw that motion, for the House had
not yet adopted a resolution to inform the Senate
that this House was organized, and ready to enter
upon business.
By general consent, Mr. HUNT submitted the
following resolution; which was adopted :
Resolved, That a committee be appointed on the part of
this Hou^e, to join such committee a-< may be appointed oa
tho part of the Senate, to wait on the PieMdent of the
United State* and inform him that a quorum of the House
is assembled, arid that Congress is ready to receive any
communication he may be pleased to make.
Mr. Hunt and Mr. Cobb of Georgia, were ap-
pointed said committee.
The question recurred on agreeing to Mr. Tru-
man Smith's substitute for the resolution of Mr.
C. J. Ingersoll—
When Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL accepted the
same as a modification of his own resolution.
After some suggestions, the resolution, as modi-
fied, was agreed to.
Mr. LEVIN moved that, when this House ad-
journ, it will adjourn to meet again to-morrow,
(Tuesday,) at twelve o'clock. Agreed to.
Mr. LEVIN then moved that the House do
now adjourn. Disagreed to.
Mr. LEVIN moved the following resolution:
Resolved, That Benjamin B. French be, and he is here-
by, appointed Clerk of this House lor the Thirtieth Con-
gress.
Pending the question on the above resolution—
The House, at ten minutes before four o'clock,
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 7, 1847.
The following Senators appeared in their seats
to-day, viz:
Messrs. Baldwin and Niles, of Connecticut;
Calhoun, of South Carolina; Colquitt, of Geor-
gia; and Pearce, of Maryland.
Mr. BUTLER presented the credentials of the
Hon. John C.- Calhoun, reelected a Senator from
South Carolina for six years from 4th March last.
Mr. IWLES presented the credentials of the
Hon. Roger S. Baldwin, appointed by the Gov-
ernor a Senator from Connecticut, to fill the vacan-
cy occasioned by the death of the Hon. Jabez W.
Huntington.
The credentials having been read, the Senators
were severally qualified and took their seats.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Benjamin B. French, Esq., Clerk,
informing the Senate that a quorum of the House
had assembled; that Robert C. Winthrop, one of
the Representatives from the State of Massachu-
setts, had been chosen Speaker: and that the House
was now ready to proceed to business.
Also, that the House had passed a resolution for
the appointment of a joint committee to wait on
the President of the United States, and inform him
that a quorum of the House, had assembled, and
that the House was ready to receive any commu-
nication he might be pleased to make; and that Mr.
Hun't, of New York, and Mr. Cobb, of Georgia,
had been appointed the committee on their part.
Mr. SEVIER moved that the latter message be
taken up; which was agreed to.
Mr. S. remarked that the resolution of the
House (inadvertently, no doubt) provided only
for informing the President that the House was
ready to receive his message, instead of both
Houses, and he therefore moved to lay it upon
the table; which was agreed to.
Mr. SEVIER then submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That a committee be appointed, jointly with
the committee appointed by the Hou^e of Representatives,
to wait on the President of the United States, and inform
him that quorums of the two Houses have assembled, and.
that Congress is ready tQ, receive any communication he
may be pleased to make.
The PRESIDING OFFICER appointed Messrs.
Sevier, Mangum, and Fairfield, said rommittee.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to;
