6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Bee. 7,
States of the provinces of New Mcxico and the
Californias, and the privilege of the right of way
across the isthmus of Tehuantepec. The bounda-
ry of the Rio Grande, and the cession to the Uni-
ted States of New Mexico and Upper California,
constituted an ultimatum which our commissioner
was, under no circumstances, to yield.
That it might be manifest not only to Mexico,
but to ail other nations, that the united States
were not disposed to take advantage of a feeble
Power, by insisting upon wresting from her all the
other provinces, including many of her principal
towns and cities, which we had conquered and
held in our military occupation, but were willing
to conclude a treaty in a spirit of liberality, our
commissioner was authorized to stipulate for the
restoration to Mexico of all our other conquests.
As the territory to be acquiied by the boundary
proposed might be estimated to be of gieater value
than a fair equivalent for our just demands, our
commissioner was authorized to stipulate for the
payment of such additional pecuniary considera-
tion as was deemed reasonable.
The terms of a treaty proposed by the Mexican
commissioners were wholly inadmissible. They
negotiated as if Mexico were the victorious, and
not the vanquished party. They must have known
that their ultimatum could never be accepted. It
required the United States to dismember Texas,
by surrendering to Mexico that part of the terri-
tory of that State lying between the Nueces and
the Rio Grande, included within her limits by her
laws when she was an independent Republic, and
when she was annexed to the United States and
admitted by Congress as one of the States of our
Union. It contained no provision for the payment
by Mexico of the just claims of our citizens. It
required indemnity to Mexican citizens for injuries
they may have sustained by our troops in the pro-
secution of the war. It demanded the right for
Mexico to levy and collect the Mexican taiifi'of
duties on goods imported into her ports v/hij# in
our military occupation during the war, and the
owners of which had paid to officers of the United
States the military contributions which had been
levied upon them; and it offered to cpde to the Uni-
ted States, for a pecuniary consideration, that part
of Upper California lying north of latitude thirty-
seven degrees. Such were the unreasonable terms
proposed by the Mexican commissioners.
The cession to the United States by Mexico, of
the provinces of New Mexico and the Californias,
as proposed by the commissioner of the United
States, it was believed, would be more in accord-
ance with the convenience and interests of both
nations, than any other cession of territory which
it was probable Mexico could be induced to
make.
It is manifest to all who have observed the actual
condition of the Mexican Government, for some
years past, and at present, that if these provinces
should be retained by her, she could not long con-
tinue to hold und govern them. Mexico is too fee-
ble a Power to govern these piovinces, lying as
they do ata distance of more than a thousand miles
from her capital, and, if attempted to be retained
by her, they would constitute but for a short time,
even nominally, a part of her dominions.
This would be especially the case with Upper
California. The sagacity of powerful European
nations has long since directed their attention to the
commercial importance of that province, and there
can be littleldoubt that the moment the United States
shall relinquish their present occupation of it, and
their claim to it as indemnity, an effort would be
made by some foreign Power to possess it, either
by conquest or by purchase. If no foreign Gov-
ernment should acquire it in either of these modes,
an independent revolutionary government would
probably be established by the inhabitants, and
such foreigners as may remain in or remove to the
country, as soon as it shall be known that the Uni-
ted States have abandoned it. Such a Government
would be too feeble long to maintain its separate
independent existence, and would finally become
annexed to, or be a dependent colony of, some
more powerful State.
Should any foreign Government attempt to pos-
sess it as a colony, or otherwise to incorporate it ;
with itself, the principle avowed by PresidentMon- |
roe m 1824, and reaffirmed in my first annual mes- !
eage, that no foreign Power shall, with our con- j
sent, be permitted to plant or establish any new ■
colony or dominion on any part of the North Ame- I
rican continent, must be maintained. In maintain-
ing this principle, and in resisting its invasion by
any foreign Potfer, we might be involved in other
wars more expensive and more difficult than that
in which we are now engaged.
The provinces of New Mexico and the Califor-
nias are contiguous to the territories of the United
States," and if brought under thego\ernm£nt of our
laws, their resources—mineral, agricultural, manu-
facturing, and commercial—would soon be de-
veloped.
Upper California is bounded on the north by
our Oregon possessions; and if held by the Uni-
ted States, would soon be settled by a hardy, en-
terprising, and intelligent portion of our popula-
tion. The bay of San Francisco-, and other har-
bors along the Califorman coast, would afford
shelter for our navy, for our numerous whale
ships, and other merchant vessels employed.in the
Pacific ocean, and would in a short period become
the marts of an extensive and profitable commerce
with China, and other countries of the East.
These advantages, in which the whole com-
mercial world would participate, would at once be
secured to the United States by the cession of this
territory; while it is certain that as long as it re-
mains a part of the Mexican dominions, they can
be enjoyed neither by Mexico herself nor by any
other nation.
New Mexico is a frontier province, and has
never been of any considerable value to Mexico.
From its locality, it is naturally connected with
our western settlements. The territorial limits of
the State of Texas, too, as defined by her. laws,
before her admission into our,Union, embrace all
that portion of New Mexicojying east of the Rio
Grande, while Mexico still claims to hold this ter-
ritory as a part of her dominions. The adjust-
mentof this question of boundary is important.
There is another consideration which induced
the belief that the Mexican Government might
even desire to place this province under the pro-
tection of the Government of the United States.
Numeious bands of fierce and warlike savages
wander over it, and upon its borders. Mcxico
has been, and must continue to be, too feeble to
restrain them from committing depredations, rob-
beries, and murders, not only upon the inhabitants
of New Mcxico itself, but upon those of the other
northern States of Mexico. It would be a blessing
to all these northern States to have their citizens
protected against them by the power of the United
States. At this moment, many Mexicans, prin-
cipally females and children, aie in captivity among
them. If New Mexico were held and governed
by the United States, we could effectually prevent
these tribes from committing such outrages, and
compel them to release these captives, and restore
them to their families and friends.
In proposing to acquire New Mexico and the
Californias, it was known that but an inconsider-
able portion of the Mexican people would be trans-
ferred with them, the country embraced within
these provinces being chiefly an uninhabited re-
gion.
These were the leading considerations which
induced me to authorize the terms of peace which
were proposed to Mexico. They were rejected ;
and, negotiations being at an end, hostilities were
renewed. An assault was made by our gallant
army upon the strongly-fortified places near the
gates of the city of Mexico, and upon the city
itself; and after several days of severe conflict,
the Mexican forces, vastly superior in number to
our own, were driven from the city, and it was oc-
cupied by our troops.
Immediately after infoimation was received of
the unfavorable result of the negotiations, believ-
ing that his continued presence with the army
could be productive of no good, I determined to
recall our commissioner. A despatch to this effect
was transmitted to him on the 6th of October last.
The Mexican Government will be informed of his
recall ; and that, in the existing state of things, I
shall not deem it proper to make any further over-
tures of,peace, but shall be at all times ready to
receive and consider any proposals which may be
made by Mexico.
Since the liberal proposition of the United States
was authorized to be made in April last, large ex-
penditures have been incurred, and the precious
blood of many of our patriotic fellow-citizens has
been shed in the prosecution of the war. This
consideration, and the obstinate perseverance of
Mexi'co in protracting the war, must influence the
terms of peace which it may be deemed proper
hereafter to accept.
Our arms having been everywhere victorious,
having subjected to our military occupation a large
portion of the enemy's country, including his cap-
ital, and negotiations for peace having failed, the
important questions arise, In what manner the
war ought to be prosecuted? and what should be
our future policy? I cannot doubt that we should
secure and render available the conquests which
we have already made ; and that, with this view,
we should hold and occupy, by our naval and mil-
itary forces, all the ports, towns, cities, and prov-
inces now in our,occupation, or which may here-
after fall into our possession ; that we should press
forward our military operations, and levy such
military contributions on the enemy as may, as
far as practicable, defray the future expenses of
the war.
Had the Government of Mexico acceded to the
equitable and liberal terms proposed, that mode of
adjustment would have been preferred. Mexico
having: declined to do this, and failed to offer tfriy
other terms which could be accepted by the United
States, the national honor, no less than the public
interests, requires that the war should be prose-
cuted with increased energy and power until a just
and satisfactory peace can be obtained. In the
meantime, as Mexico refuses all indemnity, we
should adopt measures to indemnify ourselves, by
appropriating permanently a portion of her terri-
tory. Early after the commencement of the war,
New Mexico and the Californias weie taken pos-
session of by our forces. Our military and naval
commanders were ordered to conquer and hold
them, subject to be disposed of by a treaty of
'peace.
These provinpes'are now in our undisputed occu-
pation, and have been so for many months; all re-
sistance on the part of Mexico having ceased within
their limits. 1 am satisfied that they should never
be surrendered to Mexico. Should Congress con-
cur with me in this opinion, and that they should
be retained by the United States as indemnity, I
can pcrceive no good reason why the civil juris-
diction and laws of the United States should not at
once be extended over them. To wait for a treaty
of peace, such as we are willing to make, by which
our relations towards them would not be changed,
cannot be good policy; whilst our own interest,
and that of the people inhabiting them, require
that a stable, responsible, and free government,
under our authority, should, as soon as possible,
be established over them. Should Congress,
therefore, determine to hold these provinces per-
manently, and that they shall hereafter be con-
sidered as constituent parts of our country, the
early establishment of territorial governments over
them will be important for the more perfect pro-
tection of persons and property; and I recommend
that such territorial governments be established.
It will promote peace and tranquillity among the
inhabitants, by allaying all apprehensions that
they may still entertain of being again subjected
to the jurisdiction of Mexico, I jnvite the early
and favorable consideration of Congress to this
important subject.
Besides New Mexico and the Californias, there
arc other Mexican provinces which have been re-
duced to our possession by conquest. These other
Mexican provinces are now governed bv our mil-
itary and naval commanders, under the general
authority which is conferred upon a conqueror by
the laws of war. They should continue to be held
as a means of coercing Mexico to accede to fust
terms of peace. Civil as well as military officers
are required to conduct such a government. Ade-
quate compensation, to be drawn from contribu-
tions levied on the enemy, should be fixed by law
for such officers as may be thus employed. What
further provision may become necessary, and
what final disposition it maybe proper to make
of them, must depend on the future progress of
the war, and the course which Mexico may think
proper hereafter to pursue.
With the views I entertain, I cannot favor the
policy which has been suggested, either to with-
draw our army altogether, or to retire to a desig-
nated line, and simply hold and defend it. To
withdraw our army altogether from the conquests
they have made by deeds of unparalleled bravery,
and at the expense of so much blood and treasure,
in a just war on our part, and one which, by the
