10
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 7,
•Which would be so generally diffused among the
people, that it would be felt oppressively by none,
and be complained of by none* It is believed that
there are not, in the list of imported articles, any
•which are more properly the subject of war duties
than tea and coffee.
It is estimated that three millions of dollars
would be derived annually by a moderate duty
imposed on these articles. t
Should Congress avail itself of this additional
source of revenue, not only would the amount of
the public loan rendered necessary by the war with
Mexico be diminished to that extent, but the pub-
lic credit, and the public confidence in the ability
and determination of the Government to meet all
its engagements promptly, would be more firmly
established, and the reduced amount of the loan
which it may be necessary to negotiate could prob-
ably he obtained at cheaper rates.
Congress is, therefore, called upon to determine
% whether it is wiser to impose the war dudes re-
commended, or, by omitting to do so, increase the
•public debt annually three millions of dollars so
long as loans shall be required to prosecute the
war, and afterwards provide, in some other form,
to pay the semi-annual interest upon it, and ulti-
mately to extinguish the principal. If, in addition
to these duties, Congress should graduate and
reduce the price of such of the public lands as ex-
perience has proved will not command the price
placed upon them by the Government, an addi-
tional annual income to the treasury of between
half a million and a million of dollars, it is estima-
ted, would be derived fiom this source. Should
both measures receive the sanction of Congress,
the annual amount of public debt necessary to be
contractcd during the continuance of the war would
be reduced near four millions of dollars. The du-
ties recommended to be levied on tea and coffee, it
is proposed shall be limited in their duration to the
end of the war, and until the public debt rendered
necessary to be contracted by itshall bedischarged.
The amount of the public debt to be contracted
should be limited to the lowest practicable sum,
and should be extinguished as early after the con-
clusion of the war as the means of the treasury
will permit.
With this view, it is recommended that, as soon
as the war shall be over, all the surplus in the
treasury, not needed for other indispensable ob-
jects, sh.ill constitute a sinking fund, and be ap-
plied to the purchase of the funded debt, and that
authority he conferred by law for that purpose.
The act of the sixth of August, 1846," to establish
a warehousing system," has been in operation
more than a year, and has proved to be an impor-
tant auxiliary to the tarift act of 1846, in aug-
menting the revenue, and extending the commerce
of the country. Whilst it has tended to enlarge
commerce, it has been beneficial to our manufac-
tures, by diminishing forced sales at auction of
foreign goods at low prices, to raise the duties to i
be advanced on them, and by cheeking fluctuations j
in the market. The system, although sanctioned j
by the experience of other countries, was entirely j
new in the United States, and is susceptible of im- 1
provement in some of its provisions. The Secre- j
tary of the Treasury, upon whom was devolved i
large discretionary powers in carrying this meas- j
nre into effect, has collected, and is now collating, j
the practical results of the system in other coun- j
tries, where it has long been established, and will
report at an early period of your session such fur-
ther regulations suggested by the investigation as
may render it still more effective and beneficial.
By the act to u provide for the better organiza-
tion of the treasury, and for the collection, safe-
keeping, and disbursement of the public revenue,"
all banks were discontinued as fiscal agents of the
Government, and the paper currency issued by
them was no longer permitted to be received in
payment of public dues.
The constitutional treasury created by this act
went into operation on the first of January last.
Under the system established by it, the public
moneys have been collected, safely kept, and dis- i!
bursed by the direct agency of officers of the Gov- 1
ernment in gold and silver; and transfers of large
amounts ha\e been made from points of collection
to points of disbursement, without loss to the trea-
sury, or injury or inconvenience to the trade of
the country.
While the fiscal operations of the Government
have been conducted with regularity and ease,
under this system, it has had a salutary effect in
checking and preventing an undue inflation of the
paper currency issued by the banks which exist
under State charters. Requiring, as it does, all
dues to the Government to be paid in ^old and
silver, its effect is to restrain exccssivc issues of
bank paper by the banks disproportioned to the
specie in their vaults, for the reason that they are
at a11 times liable to be called on by the holders of
their notes for their redemption, in order to obtain
specie for the payment of duties and other public
dues. The banks,therefore, must keep their busi-
ness within prudent limits, and be always in a
condition to meet such calls, or run the hazard of
being compelled to suspend specie payments, and
be thereby discredited. The amount of specie im-
ported into the United States during the last fiscal
year was twenty-four million one hundred and
twenty-one thousand two hundred and eighty-nine
dollars; of which there was retained in the country
twenty-two million two hundred and seventy-six
thousand one hundred and seventy dollars. Had
the former financial system prevailed, and the
public moneys been placed on deposite in banks,
neaily the whole of this amount would have gone
into their vault#*, not to be thrown into circulation
by them, but to be withheld from the hands of the
people as a currency, and made the basis of new
and enormous issues of bank paper. A large pro-
portion of the specie imported has been paid into
the treasury for public dues; and after having been,
to a great extent, recoined at the mint, has been
paid out to the public creditors, and gone into cir-
culation as a currency among the people. The
amount of gold and silver com now in circulation
m the' country is larger than at any former period.
The financial system established by the consti-
tutional treasury has been, thus far, eminently suc-
cessful in its operations; and I recommend an ad-
herence to all its essential provisions, and espe-
cially to that vital provision which wholly separates
the Government from all connexion with banks,
and excludes bank paper from all revenue receipts.
In some of its details, not involving its general
principles, the system is defective, and will require
modification. These defects, and such amend-
ments as are deemed important, were set forth in
the last annual report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. These amendments are again recommend-
ed to the early and favorable consideration of Con-
gress.
During the past year, the coinage at the mint
and its branches lias exceeded twenty millions of
dollars. This has consisted chiefly in converting
the coins of foreign countries into American coin.
The largest amount of foreign coin imported has
been received at New York; and if a branch mint
were established at that city, all the foreign coin
received at that port could at once be converted
into our own coin, without the expense, risk and
delay of transporting it to the mint for that pur- ,
pose, and the amount recoined would be much J
larger. I
Experience has proved that foreign coin, and j
especially foreign gold coin, will not'circulate ex- 1
tensively as a currency among the people. The ■
important measure of extending our specie circu- !
lation, both of gold and silver, and of diffusing it j
among the people, can only be effected by convert-
ing such foreign coin into American coin. I repeat
the recommendation contained in my last annual
message for the establishment of a branch of the
mint of the United States at the city of New York.
All the public lands which had been surveyed
and were ready for market have been proclaimed
for sale during the past year. The quantity offer- i
ed and to be offered for sale, under proclamations j
issued since the first of January last, amounts to nine i
million one hundred and thirty-ei^ht thousand five j
hundred and thirty-one acres. The prosperity of H
the western States and Territories in which these fl
lands he will be advanced by their speedy sale. By
withholding them from market, their growth and
increase of population would be retarded, while !
thousands of our enterprising and meritorious
frontier population would be deprived of the op-
portunity of securing freeholds for themselves and
their families. But in addition to the general con-
siderations which rendered the early sale of these 1
lands proper, it was a leading object at this time t
to derive as large a sum as possible from this ;
Source, and thus diminish, by that amount, the
public loan rendered necessary by the existence of N
a foreign war. . j
i It is estimated that not less than ten millions of
! acres of the public land3 will be surveyed and be
! in a condition to be proclaimed for sale during the
| year 1848.
In my last annual message I presented the rea*
sons which, in my judgment, rendered it proper to
graduate and reduce the price of such of the pub-
lic lands as have remained unsold for long periods
after they had been offered for sale at public auc*
tion.
Many millions of acres of public lands lying
within the limits of several of the western States
have been offered in the market, and been subject
to sale at private entry for more than twenty years,
and large quantities for more than thirty years, at
the lowest price prescribed by the existing laws*
and it has been found that they will not command
that price. They must remain unsold and uncul-
tivated for an indefinite period, unless the price
demanded for them by the Government shall be
reduced. No satisfactory reason is perceived why
they should be longer held at rates above their
real value. At the present period, an additional
reason exists for adopting the measure recom-
mended. When the country is engaged in a for-
eign war, and we must necessarily resort to loans,
it would seem to be the dictate of wisdom that we
should avail ourselves of all our resources, and
thus limit the amount of the public indebtedness to
the lowest possible sum.
I recommend that the existing laws on the sub-
ject of preemption rights be amended and modified
so as to operate prospectively, and to embrace all
who may settle upon the public lands and make
improvements upon them before they are surveyed,
as well as afterwards, in all cases where such set-
tlements may be made after the Indian title shall
have been extinguished.
If the right of preemption be thus extended, it
will embrace a large and meritorious class of our
citizens. It will increase the number of small
freeholders upon our borders, who will be enabled
thereby to educate their children and otherwise
improve their condition, while they will he found
at ajl times, as they have ever proved themselves
to be, in the hour of danger- to their country,
among our hardiest and best volunteer soldiers,
ever ready to tender their services in cases of
emergency, and among the last to leave the field as
long as an enemy remains to be encountered. Such
i a policy will also impress these patriotic pioneer
! emigiants with deeper feelings of giatitude for the
| parental care of their Government, when they find
their dearest interests secured to them by the per-
manent laws of the land, and that they are no
longer in danger of losing their homes and bard-
earned improvements by being brought into com-
petition with a more wealthy class of purchasers
at the land sales.
The attention of Congress was invited, at their
last and the preceding session, to the importance
of establishing a Territorial Government over our
possessions in Oregon; and it is to be regretted
that there was no legislation on the subject. Our
citizens who inhabit that distant region of country
are still left without the protection of our laws, or
any regularly organized government. Before the
question of limits and boundaries of the Territory
of Oregon was definitely settled, from the neces-
sity of their condition, the inhabitants had estab-
lished a temporary government of their own. Be-
sides the want of legal authority for continuing
such a government, it is wholly inadequate to pro-
tect them in their rights of person and property, or
to secure to them the enjoyment of the privileges
of other citizens, to which they are entitled under
the Constitution of the United States. They should
have the right of suffrage, be represented in a Ter-
ritorial Legislature, and by a delegate in Congress,
and possess all the rights and privileges which
citizens of other portions of the Territories of the
United States have heretofore enjoyed, or may
now enjoy.
Our judicial system, revenue laws, laws regu-
lating trade and intercourse with the Indian tribes,
and the protection of our laws generally# should
be extended over them.
In addition to the inhabitants in that Territory
who had previously emigrated to it, large numbers
of our citizens have followed them during the pres-
ent year; and it is not doubted that during the
next and subsequent years their numbers'will be
greatly increased.
Congress, at its last session, established post-
