1847..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13
Ordered, That it lie on the table".
Mr. DIX presented the petition of Phoebe Wood
and Sylvia Ann Wood, children of Jethro Wood,
deceased, praying an extension of the patentgranted
to their father for an improvement in the construc-
tion of the plough.
Ordered, That it lie on the table.
Mr. ATHERTON submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved) That on Monday next, at one o'clock, the Sen-
ate will proceed t.o the appointment of standing committees,
in accordance with the rules.
■ Mr. ALL-EN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was. considered by unanimous con-
sent:
Resolved, That additional copies of the documents
accompanying the President's annual message be printed
for the use of the Senate.
Mr. ADLEN: The number is left blank, be-
cause, upon conversing with a number of gentle-
men of this body, I found they were ail agreed as
to the necessity for printing an additional num-
ber, but they disagreed as to the number that was
thought to be adequate. I believe it will be gen-
erally conceded, that there ought to be, of some
of these documents, a very large additional num-
ber printed, and it has been suggested by some of
the intelligent and experienced members of the
Senate that it would be well, probably, to print
a very large number of the report from the War
Department and omit the printing of the others,
because the events of the war in Mexico arc of
the highest degree of importance—as interesting
not only the public feelings .of the country, but
interesting in'a high degree the private feelings of
so many families. I think, sir, that there are cir-
cumstances connected with the whole action of
this Government which make the reports from all
the departments peculiarly interesting this year.
For instance, the same reason which gives extra-
ordinary importance at this time to the report
from the War Department, gives almost equal
importance to the report of the Secretary of the
Wavy; so, too, as regards the report from the
Treasury Department. The operation of the new
system of finance which the country has recently
adopted gives a transcendent importance to that
report, in connexion with the report proceeding
from that department of the Executive Govern-
ment. So, too, of the report from the Post Office
Department. That reportwill disclose the results
which experience has elicited as to the efficacy and
the policy of the new system of postage. The
same reason, too, which gives importance to the
reports of the Secretary of War and the Secretary
of the Navy gives equal importance to the report
from the State Department, as being the political
feature of this war. It is perfectly manifest, there-
fore, that the reports from all the departments,
owing to the peculiar circumstances of the coun-
try and the peculiar developments of the recently
adopted policy of the Government, are of tran-
scendent iuportance to the country. For these
reasons I have left the number blank, in order that
any gentleman may suggest a number with which
it shall be filled, which may meet the general ap-
propriation of the Senate. 1 will vote for the largest
number which may be proposed. I ask the action
of the Senate, at this time, upon the resolution.
Mr. CAMERON. I move to fill the blank with
ten thousand, which will be about two hundred
for each member of the Senate; and I am induced
to do this because by the recent act in regard to
printing, the additional number will add very little
to the cost. After the types have once been set,
veiy little cost attends the printing. Besides, the
message will be published m all the newspapers,
and the public will have an opportunity to read it;
but the documents being so large will not obtain
equal publicity unless distributed by order of the
feenate. .
Mr. NILES. I do not rise to oppose this mo-
tion, sir. I think it is a very important one. If my
honoi able friend from Ohio will move to reconsider
the vote of yesterday, ordering the printing of twen-
ty thousand copies of the message without the docu-
ments, and Jiv e thousand with, making twenty-five
thousand m all, I might be inclined to sustain that
motion. Weare certainly beginning in a pretty lib-
eral spirit ill regard to the printing expenses of this
body. And 1 wish to say a word at this time to my
worthy friend from Pennsylvania, who, somehow
stuck an additional daily paper upon us. Now',
three are more than I can-find time to read; and,
if a very distinguished gentleman, who was a Sen-
ator from Georgia some years ago, had been here
when that motion was made, we should probably
have had a very serious debate before what that
gentleman would have denominated a gross abuse,
and in fact a violation, as he thought, of the Con-
stitution of the United States, \yould have received
the santion of this body. However, that is a
small matter. I admit, with the honorable Senator
from Ohio, that in the present interesting condition
of the public affairs, the documents which are laid
before us, are perhaps of something more than or-
dinary importance; and I would therefore be pre-
pared, sir, to increase the number that we may be
disposed to publish of those documents. But in
regard to the message standing alone, I consider it
altogether idle; for I haidly think I should under-
take the drudgery of sending off the number that
would fall to my share, particularly after the cir-
culation of the newspapers containing it. There-
fore, I see no necessity for increasing the number
of copies of the message by itself. And I think it
better to include all the documents, as it would
be difficult to make a discrimination which would
meet the wishes of every Senator. If the honora-
ble Senator will make the motion that I have sug-
gested, I would prefer it to the one which he has
now made.
Mr. ALLEN. I will say, that as to the form
in which the motion is put, I have no particular
solicitude; but if the reconsideration of the vote
which was passed yesterday, to print 20,000 cop-
ies, should result in a modification so as to^ print
10,000 only, and the motion, as proposed to be
amended by the Senator from Pennsylvania,
should pass, to print no more than 15,000 copies
of the message and 10,000 of the documents, I
should have no objection: but if the object be
barely to diminish the number of copies of the
message, without increasing the number of the
documents, why, then, I shall be inclined to op-
pose it.
Mr. NILES. I think the number proposed is
too large: 15,000 of the message alone, and an ad-
tional 10,000 witft the documents, are too many.
We are advancing pretty rapidly; we are making
too much progress. I am the friend of progress,
but I do not want to get along too fast. 1 propose
the printing of 5,000 copies, which will be ample.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I would inquire how many
5,000 will give to each Senator. Not more, 1 be-
lieve, than about forty-eight cbpies. The reports
from the officers of the army to the Secretary at
War are very much sought for by the public; I
have received numerous applications for'copics of
these documents. Persons having- relations in
Mexico would like to possess these documents in
a suitable form for preservation, instead of the
perishable newspaper. I hope the honorable Sen-
ator will withdraw his amendment, and that the
original motion will be so modified as to reduce
the number of the messages and increase that of
the reports. If the copies of the message ordered
yesterday had been furnished, I should'have been
in favor of using the whole number; but we will
not receive them till to-morrow, probably, and in
the mean time the message will be diffused
throughout the whole country. I do not want to
send oft a single message unaccompanied by the
documents. I am in favor of printing the largest
number which has been suggested, it will not be
too great for the wants of the country.
Mr. MANGUM asked for the reading of the
resolution; and it was accordingly again read bv
the Secretary. ° y
Mr. MANGUM. I'would inquire, what are
the documents accompanying the message? From
what departments are the repot is?
Mr. ALLEN. From all the departments; from
the War, the Navy, the Treasury, and the Post
Office Departments.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I wish for the reports from
the War and Navy Departments.
The question being put on filling the blank with
ten thousand, it was, upon a division, decided in
the affirmative—ayes 32, noes not counted.
The resolution as amended was then adopted.
Agreeably to notice given yesterday, Mr. Han-
negan asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill
for the relief of the heirs of John Paul Jones;
which was read a first and second time by unani-
mous consent, and considered in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. HANNEGAN. It is, I know, a rather
unusual proposition. But I trust the extraordi-
nary circumstances which occurred in relation to
this bill, at the close of last session, will induce
the Senate to suspend the rules and give it a third
reading now. The bill now in Committee of
the Whole; and without detaining the Senate more
than a very few moments, I will simply state that
it is the identical bill which*passed both Houses
(last session without a division; at all events, with-
j out a division in the Senate, for it passed this body
! by a unanimous vote. I believe that the action of
the other House was equally unanimous. It pass-
ed the Senate on the last night of the session. On
the way from the desk of the Secretary to the room
of the Vice President, where the President was
.appending his signature to bills, it was lost in the
lobby, and was not recovered till after the adjourn-
ment of Congress, when of course it could not be
signed by the President. This circumstance would
be remembered by the Senate. I will only add,
that a widow and child need the passage of this
measure; and I trust there is no indelicacy in re-
marking that prompt action on this bill is of essen-
tial importance to them.
No amendment being made, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate.
Ordered, That it be engrossed and read a third
time by unanimous consent.
Resolved, That the bill pass, and that the title
thereof be " An act for the relief of the heirs of
John Paul Jones."
Ordered, That the Secretary request the concur-
rence of the House of Representatives on this bill.
Mr. NILES moved to reconsider the vote of
yesterday ordering 25,000 copies of the message
to be printed. He would then move to print
10,000, as we had now ordered 10,000 of the docu-
ments.
Mr. ALLEN had no objection. They ought
to £0 out together.
The motion to reconsider having been agreed
!i to,
Mr. NILES moved to amend the resolution by
striking out twenty-five and inserting'4ten."
Mr. MANGUM understood that 27,000 were
ordered yesterday. He thought it would be best
to print 10,000, and add them to the documents
now ordered.
Mr. SEVIER. That is the motion.
The amendment was adopted, and th6 resolu-
tion as amended was agreed to.
Mr. DIX gave notice that on to-morrow, or at
some early day, he would ask leave of the Senate
to introduce the following bills:
A bill to establish a branch of the Mint of the
I United States, m the city of New York;
A bill for the relief of Mangle M. duacken-
boss.
Mr. BREESE gave notice that on to-morrow,
or at some early day, he woulcl ask leave of the
Senate to introduce the following bills:
A bill to reduce and graduate the price of the
public lands;
A bill to grant to the State of Illinois the right
of way through the public lands, and for other
purposes;
A bill for the relief of Joseph Wilson;
A bill to authorize persons to whom reserva-
tions have been made under certain Indian trea-
ties, to alienate the same in fee. ^
Mr. DICKINSON gave notice that he would,
on to-morrow, or at some early dav, ask leave of
the Senate to introduce the following bill:
A bill to amend the act in relation to seamen
navigating waters in vessels of the United States,
&c.
Mr. GREENE gave notice that on to-morrow,
or at some early day, he would ask leave of the
Senate to introduce the following bill:
A bill for the relief of Robert Purkis.
Mr. ASHLEY gave notice^that on to-morrow,
or at some early day, he would ask leave of the
Senate to introduce the following bills:
A bill to establish a general preemption sys-
tem;
A bill to divide the judicial district of Arkan-
sas into two judicial districts.
Mr. HUNTER asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the Senate the papers
relating to the claim of the heirs of John B. Gray-
son, deceased.
Mr. BREESE asked and obtained leave to
