1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
"Treasury, transmitting, in compliance with the 22d
section of the act of January 28,1847, a statement
showing the amount of treasury notes issued under
its provisions, the amount of such notes redeemed,
and the manner in which redeemed—none having
been purchased or reissued under said act; which
was read, and ordered to be printed.
[It appears from this communication that the
amount of treasury notes issued under the
authority of the act of 28th of January, 1847,
was $17,573,400
Hedeemed by the issue of half percent.
, stock in lieu of notes surrendered.. 3,854,200
■Received in payment of duties  79,700
Outstanding at date of report  13,629,500]
The VICE PRESID.ENT also laid before the
'Senate a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of the 15th of January last, a report of |
the colonel of the corps of topographical engineers, j
communicating information upon the several sub- !
jects designated therein, as connected with the
commerce of the western lakes and rivers; which ji
was read, and ordered to be printed, together with !|
500 extra copies for the use of the Topographi- '
cal Bureau.
RESOLUTIONS OF THE STATE OF MAINE.
Mr. BRADBURY presented the resolutions of
the Legislature of Maine, in favor of a railroad from
■Lake Michigan to the Pacific coast, upon the plan
of Asa Whitney, Esq., of New York; and request-
ing the Senators and Representatives from that
State in Congress, by their votes and acts, to pro-
mote said object; which were ordered to be print-
ed.
INCREASE IN COMMITTEES.
_ Mr. SEVIER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent
and agreed to :
Rxsolvetl, That durine the present session of Congress/the
Committee on Military Affairs consist of seyen members.
Mr. MANGUM, after stating that a similar in-
crease of members was desirable in the Naval
Committee, submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved. That during the present session of Congress, the
Committee on Naval Affairs consist of seven members.
THE RIVER SABINE.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation
to remove the obstructions to the nmigntion of the river Sa-
bine, and that the lexoiution of the Legislature of Louisiana,
the repoit and papers on file in relation thereto, be refeired
to the said committee.
ELECTION OF OFFICERS. '
Mr. SEVIER offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Senate do now proceed to ballot icr
officers of this body.
The resolution having been agreed to, the Senate !
proceeded to the election of a Secretary. !
On counting the ballots, it appeared that 48 votes 1
had been given; of which Mr. Asbury Dickins re-
ceived 46; Mr. B. B. French 1; and one blank. i
Mr. Dickins was declared duly elected. J
The Senate proceeded to the election of a Ser-;
geant-at-Arms and a Doorkeeper.
On counting the ballots, n appeard that 49 votes !
fead been given, of which Mr. Robert Beale receiv-
ed 37; Mr. Nuttall 6; Mr. Cranston Laurie 1; Mr. ;
C. S. Whitney 2; Mr. J. B. Macy 1; and two i
blanks. I
Mr. Beale was declared duly elected.
The Seriate proceeded to the election of an Assist- ;
ant Doorkeeper. !
On counting the ballots, it appeared that 50 votes !
had been given; of which Mr. Isaac Holland re- 1
ceived 49, and there was one blank. ♦
Mr. Holland was declared duly elected. :
message from the hou%e. i
The following message from the House of Rep- !
resentatives was received by Mr. Campbell, their !
Clerk: ' j
"Mr. President: The House of Representatives !
has passed a joint resolution for the appointment i
ef a joint committeeof three members of each House
to threct and superintend the expenditure of all
' Moneys appropriated for the purchase of books for
tb« library of Congress, and ail such other matters
pertaining to the said library not otherwise pro-
vided for by law, in which I am directed to request
th^ concurrence of the Senate.
"Mr. John Q.cincy Adams, Mr. Preston-, and
Mr. Mcrphy, have been appointed the said com-
mittee on the part of the House.
"The House of Representatives hasalso passed a
joint resolution that two Chaplains to Congress, of
different denominations, be elected, one by each
House, to officiate during the present session, and
that they shall interchange weekly; in which lam
directed to request the concurrence of the Senate."
ELECTION OF CHAPLAIN.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, the Senate proceed-
ed to consider the resolution from the House of
Representatives for the election of two Chaplains of
different denominations, one by each House, to
officiate during the present session, who shall inter-
change weekly.
J The question being upon agreeing to said reso-
j lution, it was concurred in.
I Mr. ATCHISON moved to proceed to the elec-
i tion of Chaplain.
I Mr. WESTCOTT asked of the Chair whether
| it would be proper to proceed to the election until
| the concurrence of the Senate in the joint resolution
i had been communicated to the House. He had
I no objection to proceed to the ballot now, if, in the
■ opinion of the Chair, there was no impropriety in it.
| The CHAIR did not see any impropriety in an
j immediate election.
The motion of Mr. Atchison was then agreed
to; and the Senate proceeded to ballot for Chaplain.
On counting the ballots, it appeared that 46 votes
had been given; of which the Rev. Henry Slieer
received 31; Rev. Mi. Guriey 7; Rev. David Smith
7; Rev. Mr. Matthews 1.
The Rev. Mr. Sheer was declared duly elected
Chaplain oil the part of the Senate.
STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEVIER moved to proceed to the election
of the standing committees; which was agreed to.
Mr. MANGUM observed that the chairmen of
the committees having been informally agreed
upon, it would be useless to go through" with the
tedious process of balloting for them. He there- ,
fore moved that so much of the 34th rule as requires
their appointment by ballot be dispensed with;
which was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. MANGUM, the following
chairmen of the several standing committees were
appointed:-
On Foreign Relations Mr. Sevier.
On Finance Mr. Atherton.
On Commerce Mr. Dix.
On Agriculture Mr. Sturgeon.
On Militia y Affairs Mr. Cass7.
0,1 Naval .Affairs Mr. Fairfield.
On Militia Mr. Rusk.
On Public Lands.- Mr. Kreese.
On Private Land Claims Mr. Yulce.
On Indian Affairs Mr. Atchison.
On Claims Mr. Mason.
On Revolutionary Claims Mr. Bright.
On Ike Judiciary Mi. Ashley.
On the Post Office andPostRoads. Mr. Niles.
On Roads and Canals Mr. Hannegan.
On Pensions Mr. Johnson, La.
On the District of Columbia.. .Mr. Cameron.
On Patentsandtlie Patent Office.Mr. Westcott.
On Retrenchment   Mr. Turney.
On Territories Mr. Douglas.
On Public Buildings Mr. Hunter.
To Audit and Control Contm- \ «. .. , ,
gent Expenses of Senate.. ) eica.
On Printing Mr. Bradbury.
On Engrossed Bills Mr. Downs.
On the Library (joint) Mr. Pearce.
On Enrolltd Bids Mr. Rusk.
On motion by Mr. MANGUA1, who suggested
that the construction of the committees would not
be finally agreed on before to-morrow, it was
Resolved, That the election of the leiriaininji members of
the several standing committees be postponed until to-mor-
row, at twelve o'clock.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 13, 1847.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
The Standing Cofnmittees, provided for by the
R.ules, the appointment of which was ordered on
Thursday last by resolution, were, upon the read-
ing of the Journal of this morning, announced, as
follows :
Committee of Elections.—Messrs. Richard VvT.
Thompson, Joseph Mullin, Lucien B. Chase,
Nathaniel Boydcn, Timothy Jenkins, John Van
Dyke, and J. Dixon Roman.
Of TJ'atjs and Means.—Messrs. Samuel F. Vin-
ton, Robert Toombs, James J. McKay, Chafrles
Hudson, Georse S. Houston. Charles S. More-
head, James Pollock, Samuel G. Hubbard, and
Henry Nicoll.
Of Claims.—Messrs. John A. Rockwell, John
Crowell, John R. J. Daniel, William Nelson, Da-
vid Wilrnot, George G. Dunn, Thomas W. Li~
gon, Thomas S. Flournry, and James H. Thomas.
On Comtmrcc.—Messrs. Washington Hunt,
Joseph Grinnell, Richard F. Simpson, Moses
Hampton, Bannon G. Thibodeaux, John Went-
worth, Dudley S. Gregory, Archibald Atkinson,
and Kingsley S. Bingham.
On Public Lands.—Mpssrs. Jacob Coliamer,
Alexander H. Stephens, John A. McClernand,
GarneU Duncan, Richard Brodhead, Harvey Put-
nam, John Jamieson, Alexander Evans, and Wil-
> liamson R. W. Cobb.
j On the Post Office and Post Roads.—Messrs.
j William L. Goggin,_ Joseph M. Root, Charles
I Bruwn, Daniel B. St. John, John S. Phelps, Elisha
I Embree, George W. Jones, Abraham Lincoln,
| and David S. Kaufman.
| For the District of Columbia.—Messrs. John G.
j Chapman. Frederick A. Tallmadge, James Mc-
Dowell, Washington Barrow, Orlando B. Ficklin,
I Wllliam Henry, Alexander D. Sims, Thomas O.
i Edwards, and Benjamin B. Thuiston.
j On the Judiciary.—Messrs. Joseph R. Ingersoll,
: George Ashmun, John Pettit, Nathan K. Hall,
| John H. Lumpkin, James Dixon, Richard French,
John L. Taylor, and Richard K. Meade.
On Revolutionary Claims.—Messrs. Daniel P.
King, Chester Butler, Franklin W. Bowdon,
Robert L. Rose, Alfred Iverson, David Outlaw,
Jonathan D. Morris, William A. Newell, and
Ephraim K. Smart.
On Public Expenditures.—Messrs. Thomas L.
Clingman, John Strohm, Henry Bedinger, Arte-
mas Hale, Willard P. Hall, John W. Jones, Emile
La Sere, Franklin Clark, and Harmon S. Conger.
On Private Land Claims.—Messrs John Gayle,
Jasper E. Brady, James B. Bowlin, William W.
Wick, David Rumsey, jun., John H". Harmanson,
Patrick W. Tompkins, Richard S. Catiby, and
Andrew Johnson.
On SJanvfachn-es.—Messrs. Andrew Stewart,
Amos Abbott, Joseph A. Woodward, John W.
Houston, Joseph E. Edsall, E'iakim Sherrill, Wil-
liam G. Brown, John W. Crisfield, and James
H. Johnson.
On Agriculture.—Messrs. Hugh White, Augus-
tine H. Shepperd, William Sawyer, John G. Pal-
frey, Sampson W. Harris, William Rockhill,
Hiram Belcher, William Thompson, and John
[. Shngerland.
On Indian Affairs.—Messrs. Meredith P. Gentry,
Daniel M. Barringer, Jacob Thompson, Abraham
R. Mcllvaine, Charles W. Cathcart, Joshua R.
Giddmgs, Lucius B. Peek, Aylett Buckner, and
Robert W. Johnson.
On Military Affairs.^—Messrs. John M. Botts,
Armistead Burt, .Tames Wilson, Hugh A. Haral-
son, John Dickey, Linn Boyd, Dudley Marvin,
William T. Haskell, and David Fisher.
On the Militia.—Messrs. John B. Thompson,
James A. Black, John Blanchard, Robert M.
; McL-uie, John M. Holley, Charles H. Peaslee,
j Richard L. T. Beale, Vv infield S. Featherston, and
Rudolphus Dickinson.
I On .y'ccal Affairs.—Messrs. Thomas Butler
f King, Isaac E. Holmes, Robert C. Schenck, Hugh
. White, Thomas H. Bayly, Lewis C. Levin,
j Frederick P. Stanton, E. Carrineton Cabell, and
Amos Tuck.
I Oil Foreign Affairs.-—Messrs. Truman Smith,
1 Henry W. Hilhard. Charles J. Ingersoll, George
' P. Marsh, R. Barnwell Rhett, John S. Pendleton,
! William Duer, Robert McClelland, and Daniel
t Duncan.
On the Territories.—Messrs. Caleb B. Smith,
Robert B. Cranston, Howell Cobb, Julius Rock-
well, James Thompson, Daniel Gott, Isaac E.
Morse, Nathan Evans, and Timothy Pillsbury.
On Revolutionary Pensions.—Messrs. William
