1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
petitions.
• Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented (he
memorial of Mary L. Keen, widow and adminis-
tratrix of Elisha L. Keen, deceased, praying the
repayment of money advanced by her late hus-
band for the uae of the Government; which was
referred to 'lie Committee of Claims.
Mr. J. also presented the memorial of Ann B.
Cox, widow and executrix of Nathaniel Cox, de-
ceasedv late navy agent at New Orleans, praying
the payment of a balance standing to the credit of
her late husband on the books of the treasury;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr, BREESE presented the memorial of Ade-
laide Snyder and Harriet Personeau, heirs of Jean
P. Perry, deceased, praying the confirmation of
their claims to certain lands in Illinois; which was
referred to the Committee on Private Land CUims.
Mr. DIX,submitted additional documents rela-
ting to the claim of Hugh W. Dobbin; which, with '
his petition on the files of the Senate, were referred I
to the Committee on Pensions. j
Mr. D. presented the petition of Sarah Crandall, !
widow of James Coon, a soldier in the last war \
with Great Britain, praying a pension; which was j
referred to the Commitiee on Pensions.
Mr. D. presented the petition of James Womsby, ;
a soldier of the revolutionaiy war, piaying a pen-
sion^ which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. D. submitted additional documents relating
to the memorial of Frances 0. Dorr and Andrew
C. Dorr; which, with the petition and papers on
the table, were referred to tiie Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented the petition of
"William Nation and Rachel Davis, heirs of Chris-
topher Nation, deceased, a soldier in the last war
with Gieat Britain, praying to be allowed bounty
lands; which was refcrted to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. STURGEON presented the memorial of
Eveline Porter, widow of Commodore David Por-
ter, deceased, praying to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of Lemuel B.
Nicholls, praying compensation for services in as-
sisting in the emigration of the Creek Indians in
182? and 1828, and for a horse lost while on that
duty; which was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. PEARCE presented the petition of Thomas
P. MeBlair, a purser in the navy, praying that
certain payments made by him to officers holding
acting appointments in the navy may be allowed
in the settlement of his accounts; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. UNDERWOOD submitted additional docu-
ments relating to the claim of John Biuce; which,
with his petition on the files of the Senate, were
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
annexation of territory.
Mr. DICKINSON submitted the following res-
olutions for consideration; which were read, and
ordered to bo printed:
Resolurd, That true policy requirestheGovernmoiitof the ,
United States to stren^lhcn its political and commercial re- i i
lations upon this continent by the annexation ot such con-
tiguous territoiy as may conduce to that end, and can be
justly obtained ; and that neither ui Mich acquisition nor in
the territorial organization thereof can any condition? be
constitutionally imposed, or institutions be provided for or
established, inconsistent with the right of the people thereof
tO lurm a snvHrmtfn Srnto \inth thn   .
the bureau-* of tlse Nnvy Department, ami {be Assistant Post- ■ ate was composed, he h^d taken no part in the
nias-teis General, be entitled to seats on the floor of the Sen- ■' i '  • « •> -  .... . ...  
ate.
The consideration of the resolution being asked
for at this time, objection was made, and it was
laid over one day under the rule.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Committee <jf
Claims were authorized to employ a clerk.
standing committees.
caucus by which these nominations were made.
For these reasons he threw -himself on the indul-
gence of the Senate, and hoped to be excused.
Mr. WESTCOTT moved that the Senator from
New Hampshire be excused.
Mr. BADGER desired to say one word on the
subject. He could not conceive any sufficient rea-
son why the Senator from New Hampshire should
Mr. SEVIER moved that the Senate now pro- j, 1)e excused from taking his share of the duties
i ceed to the election of the standing committees. Ac- ;■ which were imposed on all the membeis of this
! cording to the arrangement of the last session, three > body. He is certainly fully capable of taking a
members on each committee had been selected on
his side of the Senate. The list had then been
handed to the Senators on the other side, and they
had filled it up. The Naval and Military Com-
mittees, which had been increased by order of the
Senate, would stand five to two. He moved that
part, and a distinguished part, in the labors of the
committees. His taients and qualifications emi-
nently fitted him for the task. The Senator had
alluded to his political position. That could not
be -in any degree affected by his position on the
committees, as the duties of those on which he had
the list be read, and voted on without losing time j, keen placed wereof a nature involving no political
in balloting. ! ' A '' " 1 1 r
The motion was agreed to, and the Secretary
read the following list, which was concurred in.
The tallowing is a list of the committees in full,
as they now stand:
On Foreign Relations.—Mr. Sevier, chairman;
Messrs. Benton, Webster, Hannegan, Mangum.
On Finance.—Mr. Atherton, chairman; Messrs.
' Dickinson, Clayton, Hunter, Phelps.
i On Commerce.—Mr.^Dix, chairman ; Messrs.
i Brecse, Johnson of Maryland, Cameron, Davis
ofMcibsach u setts.
On Manufactures.—Mr. Dickinson, chairman;
Messrs. Ashley, Upham, Butler, Clarke.
On Agriculture.—Mr. Sturgeon, chairman ;
Messrs. Turney, Spruance, Atherton, Corwin.
On ^Military Affairs—Mr. Cass, chairman ;
Messrs. Benton, Crittenden, Davis of Mississippi,
Dix, Badger, Husk.
On the jVilitia.—Mr. Rusk, chairman; Messrs.
Atchison,Greene, FairfiHd, Undeiwood.
On JSaval Affairs.—Mr. Fan field, chairman ;
■ Messrs. Yulee, Miller, Bright, Johnson of Mary-
; land, Cameron, Badger.
On Public Lands.—'Mr. Breese, chairman; Messrs.
( Ashley, Corwin, Felch, Underwood.
On Private Land Claims.—Mr. Yulcc, chairman;
Messrs. Foote, Johnson of Louisiana, Downs,
Berrien.
, On Indian Affairs.—Mr. Atchison, chairman;
: Messrs. Sevier, Phelps, Downs, Bell.
; On Claims.—Mr. Mason, chairman; Messrs.
i "Westcott, Underwood, Bradbury, Baldwin,
i On Revolutionary Claims.-—Mr. Bright, chair-
1 man; Messrs. Bradbury, Upham, Rusk, Johnson
of Louisiana.
; On the Judiciary.—Mr. Ashley. chairman ,
Messrs. Butler, Kemen, Westcott, Dayton.
On the Pa^t Office and Post Roads.—Mr. Niles,
chairman; Messrs. Sturgeon, Peavce, Rusk, Cor-
win.
On Roads and Canals.—Mr. Hannegan, chair-
man; Messrs. Foote, Clarke, Sturgeon, Spruance.
On Pensions.—Mr. Johnson of Louisiana, chair-
man; Messrs. Felch, Phelps, Davis, of Mississippi,
Baldwin.
On the District of Columbia.—Mr Cameron,
chairman; Messis. Hunter, Miller, Foote, Greene.
On Patents and the Patent Office.—Mi. Westcott,
chaiuman; Messrs. Turricy, Davis of Massachu-
setts, Dickinson, Dayton.
On Retrenchment.—Mr. Turney, chairman ;
Messrs. Douglas, Mangum, Niles, Clark.
On Terntories.—Mr. Douglas,chairman; Messrs
matters. As the Senator was fully capable of
' taking his share of the duties, he ought not to be
1 permitted to evade a burden common to all.
j Mr. WESTCOTT suggested that the Senator
! from North Carolina had lost si^ht of the ground
of a personal nature which the Senator from New
Hampshire had urged as a reason for being cx-
i cused.
Mr. BADGER replied, that he also could assign
; personal inconvenience as a reason why he should
be excused. He was as unwilling to bo confined
■ to the duties of the committees as any one; but
when he came here, he did not expect to be ex-
empted from labor. From the gentleman's ap-
pearance, he had sufficient physical ability, and
his mental capacity was well known.
The question was then taken on excusing the
! Senator, and was cariied in the adirmative—ayes
: 17, noes 16.
joseph wilson.
Asrecably to notice, Mr. BREESE asked and
obtained leave to bring in a bill for the relief of
Josepli Wilson; which was read the first and
second times by unanimous consent, and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Agreeably to notice, Mr, BREESE asked and
obtained leave to bring in a bill to reduce and grad-
uate the price of public lands; which was read the
first and second times by unanimous consent, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
sureties of swaktavoxjt.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. DTX asked and ob-
tained leave to bung in a bill to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to make an arrrangement
or compromise with Mangle M. Gluackenboss
and-his coobligors, or any of them, for claims on
bonds given by them as sureties to the United
States; which was read the first and second times
by unanimous consent, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciaiy.
collection districts, etc.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. DIX asked and ob-
f' tained leave to bring in a bill concerning certain
.! collection districts, and for other purposes; which
i! was read the first and second times by unanimous
consent, and referred to the Committee on Com-
| merce.
ji branch mint at new york.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. DIX asked and ob-
tained leave to bring in a bill to establish a branch
to formafre<;, sovereign State, with the powers knd puv ! !: n,q fay ton • i of the mint of the United States in the city of New
legos of the original member^ of the Confederacy. ' «UUt!, Way IS of Massachusetts. , v_i L, ,u * j ♦ : 
Resolved, That, m organizing a Territorial Government for
territory belonging to the United States, the principles of
^in*L°VKrl\ment UP°" oar federative system rests
rHiS?,??-8' tr e *P>nt and meaning of the
hi 1 •" be,observe<!, and the Confederacy strensthen-
therefn to^tlil?i 1"e®t,ons concerning the domestic policy
therein to the Leguslatuios chosen bv the people thereof. '
the river sabine.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution, submitted yesterday by Mr. Johnson
of Louisiana; which was agreed to:
Resohei, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct
ed to inquire into the expediency of 9.akin« an  ,!? .w
tion to remove the obstruction! to fv o?S
nver Sabine; and that the resolution of the Wbtetn J of
Louisiana, therepoit, and papers on file in rellm™twl
be referred to the said committee. lnre'<"ion thereto,
Mr. NILES submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That the Auditors of the Treasury, the chiefs of
On Public Buildings.—Mr. Hunter, chairman;
: Messrs. Yulee, Spruance.
To Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate.—Mr. Feleh, chairman; Messis. Niles,
Pearce.
On Printing.—Mi. Bradbury, chairman; Messrs. 1
; Cameron, Greene.
On Engrossed Bills.—-Mr. Downs, chairman;
: Messrs. Mason, Baldwin.
: On the Library.—Mr. Pearce, chairman; Messrs.
, Davis of Mississippi, Mason.
: On Enrolled Bills.—Mr. Rusk, chairman; Mr. :
: Upham.
Mr. HALS asked to be excused from serving
j on the committees on which he had been named.    
! He hoped he would be indulged, for two reasons— ' twelfth section of that act, however, enables them
| one was personal to himself, and the other because, , to become citizens only after declaring their inten-
j although the journals of the country had identified ! tions, without being at any time during five years
him w-ith one of the two parties of which the Sen- 1; out of the territory of the CJnited States. It has
York; which was lead the first and second times
by unanimous consent, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Fmancc.
REGULATION OF SEAMEJf.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. DICKINSON asked
and obtained leave to bring in a bill to amend the
act entitled "An act for the regulation of seamen
on board the public and private vessels of the Uni-
ted States/' passed the 3d of March, 1833; which
was read the first and second times, by unanimous
consent, and referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. DICKINSON. Under this somewhat far-
fetched title we have the act under which foreign-
ers become citizens of the United States. The
