1647.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25
GAS LIGHTS.
The SPEAKER announced the business first
in order to be the resolution introduced by Mr.
Tries, several days since, to appoint a select com-
mittee to inquire if the health of the members
did not require the gas apparatus removed from
the House.
Mr. FRIES rose and said, since he offered his
resolution for the removal of the gas apparatus, he
hgd ascertained that the effluvia which had been
found so offensive had arisen from the opening of
the drain. This explanation was due as an act of
justice to the gentleman who had put up the gas
apparatus, and, as the gas might be found to an-
swer a very valuable purpose, he asked permission
to withdraw his resolution.
Leave was given, and the resolution was with-
drawn accordingly.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing papers:
A communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting the report from the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, showing the
operations in that branch of the public service du-
ring the last year. Referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting, in compliance with the 22d
section of the act of July 28, 1846, a statement
showing the amount of treasury notes issued un-
der its provisions, the amount redeemed, and the
manner in which redeemed. Laid' oil the table,
and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Secretary' of the
Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to the resolution
of the House of Representatives of December 3,
1791, a report of the receipts and expenditures of
the Government for the year ending June 30,1846.
Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
A letter from the Third Auditor of the Treas-
ury, transmitting a report upon the case of Tho-
mas H. Noble, m obedience to a resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 1st of March last.
Referred to the Committee of Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
A letter from the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives, transmitting a report of the expendi-
ture of the contingent fund, from the 1st day of
December, 1846, to the 1st day of December, 1847;
the amounts paid for stationery furnished the post
office of the House of Representatives and the
Clerk for the use of the Clerk's office during the
same period; and the balance of money on hand on
the 7th day of December, 1847.
A letter from the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives, transmitting his report of the purchase
of stationery necessary for the use of the House of
Representatives during the present session. Laid
oil the table, and ordered to be printed.
HEIRS OF JOHN PAUL JONES.
A bill from the Senate for the relief of the heirs
of John Paul Jones was taken up, and read twice
by its title.
Mr. POLLOCK hoped that this bill would be al-
lowed to pass through all its stages. The history of
it was, that, at the last session, it passed by a large
majonty ot this House, and by the Senate almost
unanimously, with a trifling amendment, in which
this House concurred. It was regularly engrossed
and enrolled; but, on being carried to the Presi-
dent s room, it was accidentally dropped, and in
that way failed to receive his signature and to be-
come a law. Immediately on meeting for the pres-
ent session, the Senate again took up this bill and
passed it almost unanimously; and, as its merits
were clear, there was, he supposed, no gentleman
there who would not now give it his hearty sup-
port. These heirs have been before Congiess foi-
st quarter of a century, and justice required that
they should now be gratified by the passage of this
bill. He hoped, therefore, that the House would
do what justice required—put this bill on its pas-
sage. He moved a suspension of the rules for
that purpose.
Mr. BOWL IN said, in the passage of this bill
through the House at the last session he opposed
it, because he believed it to' be wrong; but he
should notnow be mad enough to undertake to fio-ht
against it after the two Houses had declared tfcTeir
opinion respecting it. It should not, however, be
forgotten, that one feature was found in it at the
last session, which was amended on the motion of
Mr. Daniel,and by that ainendmenp$900,000 was
saved to the country. On examining the writing,
an error was discovered, one of the greatest errors
that was ever attempted by the legislation of this
country. It was proposed by the bill that the
heirs of Paul Jones should not only rece'ive the
proportion due to him as the commander in that
expedition, but that they should be theJegatees of
all the American officers and seamen engaged with
him. [A voice; It is not in this bill.] He did not
know whether it was or not; and therefore he
desired that it should go to a committee'for exami-
nation. The bill came to this House in that con-
dition last year. It involved as large an amount
as ip ,200,000, of which }p900,000 was stripped from
it by one amendment, lie found that, contraiy to
every principle of justice and of right, people from
Scotland, of whom we knew nothing, were made
the legatees of American seamen and American
officers who served with Paul Jones. This Gov-
ernment was the residuary legatee of these officers
and seamen on the failure of others to appear; and
what provision this bill contained on this point he
did not know, and, not knowing, he asked that it
might be referred and printed. He had no inten-
tion again to contest the passage of this bill, after
the decision of the two Houses upon it, but he' did
desire to see that it was passed in no other shape
than that in which it was when, at the close of the
last session, it was designed for the President's
signature. When he was satisfied of that fact, he
should cease further to struggle against it.
Mr. POLLOCK had merely to say that this bill j
was in the precise form in which it passed the j
House at the last session. i
[A voice: Let it be examined; it won't hurt it.] ;
ftlr. BARRIJN'GER voted for this bill at the last :
session, and should do so now; but there was j
great force in the remarks of the gentleman from ,
Missouri, [Mr. Bowlin,] and hence he concurred i
in the propriety of the reference.
After some conversation, in which Mr. BROD-
HEAD, Mr. T. B. KING, Mr. ROCKWELL
of Connecticut, and others participated, the bill
was referred to the Committee of Claims, and was
ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, it was
cfrdered that the petition and papers of Charles G.
Ridgely, a captain in the Navy of the United
States, now on the files of the House, praying re-
imbursement of certain expenditures, be with-
drawn and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
INTERNAL COMMERCE.
Mr. VINTON moved the following resolution,
in pursuance of previous notice:
Resohed, That the Committee on Coinmeico blmll here-
after be called '• The Committee on Commerce among the
States,"and shall have chaige of all questions touching the j
regulation of trade among the several States ot the Union, i
Tijere .-hull also be added to the standing committees ot the |
House a committee, to he composed of nine members, i
*&lneh shall be called " The Committee on Commeiee with 1
Foreign Nations." It shall have chaige of all questions I
concerning the regulation of the trade ot the United States !
with foreign nations. ■
Mr. JOHN W. HOUSTON moved to amend :
the resolution by adding the following proviso: j
Provided, That it shall be the duty and power of the Com- j
mittee on Commerce among the Slates to take into eonsid- <
eratioit all such petitions and matters and things touching !
the appropriauon of the public money for the improvement '
j of the navigation of rivers, takes, halbois, tiays, and inlets, :
; both upon the seaboard and in the intei ior, and not of the ;
i said Committee on Foreign Commerce.
| Mr. HOUSTON, in a word of explanation of j
| his amendment, was understood to say, that, in his ■
! judgment, the eifect of the resolution of the gentle- j
; man from Ohio would be to separate the improve- j
| rnents on the seacoast from those on the lakes and \
j rivers, giving jurisdiction over the former to the :
i Committee on Foreign Commerce, and over the |
I latter to the committee on the commerce among
I the States. Such a division, he thought, would :
lead to great confusion and difficulty. The system j
of improvements had always been regarded one |
and entire. The object of his amendment was j
merely to preserve its unity. Should it prevail, }
he would vote for the resolution; otherwise, he |
should feel constrained to vote against it. j
Mr. VINTON supposed, if acommittee on com- !
merce ".among the several States" were created, !
that it would take charge of all the subjects refer- !
red to by the gentleman from Delaware. The i
committees proposed to be raised were committees '
on the foreign trade of the country and the home
trade, pursuing that view which was adopted in
the Constitution itself. The Constitution gave to
Congress the power over the trade with foreign
nations" and " among the several States." Now,
the trade " among the States" was as well the trade
between North Carolina and New York along the
seaboard as between Illinois and New York by the
lakes. The one was as much trade between the
States as the other. The committee proposed to
be raised was, in the language of the Constitution,
a committee which should have charge of the trade
"aipong the several States." It would have full
power over that trade to the extent it was confer-
red by thatclauseof the Constitution, whether that
power was greater or less; and this House could
give them no more. If he supposed it was neces-
sary to adopt the amendment of the gentleman from
Delaware, he certainly should not object to it; but
he understood that it did not add to the proposition
already made, but might be regarded as qualifying
and restricting it.
The resolution and amendment were again read
at the request of several gentlemen.
And, pending the question,
On motion, the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred under the rule:
By Mr. PUTNAM. The petition of Amzy Judd, praj in£
for a grant of bounty land. Also, the petition of Anna
Giffin, the widow of a revolutionary soldiei, for a pension.
Also, that the petition of Anna Giffin, with the accompany-
ing documents, be taken from the files of the House of the
last Congress, and refeired to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions.
By Mr. COCKE: The petition of George Hix. of Moiuoe
comity, Tcnnt   seo, praying compensation for depredations
committed by Lieut. Fowler and company, in the service
of the United States, in the Cherokee nation.
By Mr. GRINNELL: The petition of EU^ha H. Holmes,
with tiie documents connected therevv.th, for the renewal
of his patent. AI*o,the petition of Joseph C. Delano, and
other shipmasters and merchants of New Bedford, Massa-
chusetts, for a beacon-hght on Palmer's Inland, in the har-
bor at that port. Also, the memorial of E. Savvm ami
others, of Fairhaven, Massachusetts, praying that the claim
of Alborn Allen for a balance due him fur a revenue boat
built by him, under a contract with the collector of the port
of Nantucket, be paid. And Mr. G. moved that the petition
of said Alborn Alien, and the documents connected there-
with, be taken from the files, and, with the memorial afore-
said, be referred to the Committee of Claims.
By Mr, ROCKWELL, of Connecticut: That the petition
and accompanying papers of H. D. Johnson, he ta ft en" from
the files of the House and referred to the Comrnittfe on Navfsl
Affairs. Also, that the petition and accompanying papers of
the legal representatives of  Kennedy be takentiom the
files of the House and referred to the Committee of Chums.
Al-o, that the petition and aceompan> in? papers of Jacob
Gideon, and of Caroline Sanders, evecutux of William G.
Sanders, be taken from the files and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims. Alsio, the petition and accompanying
papers of the heirs of John Cox, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
15) Mr. HALL, of New York : The petition of Thomas
Jenne, praying for bounty land. Also, the petition of Orange
H. Dibble, of Buffalo, New York, playing for the payment
of the balance of ins claim on a contract for building a
bridge across the Potomac at Washington. Al-o, the pe-
tition of Sarah Corbin, praying for a pension a< the widow
of a revolutionary soldier. Also, the petition of Sylvia
Pond, praying th%t her pens-ion as widow of a levoJutionary
soldier may be continued for life. Also, the petition of
Eunice Goodelh praying for the continuance of her pension
as the widow of a revolutionary soldier. Also, t\\ o petitions
of masters and owners of vessels and other persons con-
cerned in the navigation of the great lakes, praying for the
estaolishment of a marine hospital at Buffalo. Also, the
memorial of William Keddin and others, in relation to the
collection and disbursement of hospital money on the great
lakes. Also, the petition oflra Baldwin, be taken fiomthe
files and referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
AI=o, the petition and papers of Peter Covilie taken from
the files and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. R. McCLELLAND: The petiiion of John 11. Wil-
liams, of Detroit, Michigan, for damages. Also, the petition
of the administratiix of Conrad Tenejck, deceased, late of
Michigan.
By Mr. KING, of Massachusetts: Several petitions of
Joseph Wilson, Mary Brown, Harriet Brown, Captain Tho-
mas Morris, Tarlton Woodson, and Theodore Middletou.
By Mr. HAMPTON: Two petitions fiom citizens of Al-
leghany count'/, Pennsylvania, asking for a daily mail-route
front the city of Pittsburg down the Ohio river by steam-
boats to some convenient and suitable point, thence west
through New Lisbon, Canton, Massillon, and Wooster, t?>
Mansfield. Also, the petition of John Gilbert, of Alleghany
county, Pennsylvania, asking for an increase of his pension.^
By Mr. WHITE: The petitions of Stephen A. Corey, of
Saratoga county; of Samuel D: Sabine, of Saratoga coun-
ty; of George Newton, of Fulton county; of Hugh Riddle,
of Schenectady of Henry R. Wendell, of Schenectady,
New York. And the petition of Rulin Van Brunt, pre-
sented in December, 1844.
By Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL : The.petition of J. Randolph
Clay for compensation as charge d'affaires. Also, the pe-
tition of Henry Simpson, surviving administrator ofGeoige
Simpson, deceased, for a commission for services in obtain-
