28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 15,
ens they raise? Those were the orders issued by
Mr. Webster, carrying out the principle of the
Chicago convention, of the omnipotence of this
Government in taking the last census. And what
was the result? A portion of the people of the
South—of Virginia, South Carolina, and other
States—deemed it aoutrage, and treated the mar-
shal with contempt, telling him " Get you down
about your own business." They held that the
Constitution authorized, in taking the census, to
ascertain the number of citizens and of persons on
whom the three-fifths representation is based, and
that there was no authority forgoing down into
these domestic matters, which belong to the States.
And this view was espoused, and ably, m an elo-
quent article by a distinguished Whig—the late
Mr. Pleasants, of Richmond—who told the peo-
ple to take no notice of the marshals. 1 repeat,
that, in my judgment, the Constitution gives to
the General Government no such power—all the
power is over foreign commerce among the States;
that which goes out of one State and enters into
another.
Well, now, as to the other object of the gentle-
man. That is developed in the amendment made
by the gentleman from Delaware. It is the power
of this Government. The gentleman is not a mere
philosopher—a mere caterer for statistics. His
object is to extend the power of this Government;
to add a new clause to the Constitution, whereby
the General Government may exercise control over
the commerce within the States as well as without
—absolutely within the States themselves.
This system of harbor improvements by the
General Government, that has sprung up so lately,
is, in fact, the most pertinacious, and, if I may so
speak, the most impinging of interests. The rivers
have been very well content hitherto with clearing
out a few snags, but the harbors arc very pertina-
cious. I will not now go into a very extended
argumenton the subject of internal improvements,
but 1 shall endeavor to show that this harbor in-
terest is in itself unauthorized by the Constitution;
or rather, that it is authoiized by the Constitution,
hut not in the mode in which gentlemen who have
hitherto advocated the interest have endeavored
to establish. As I have before said, the funda-
mental principle of the Constitution is, that what-
ever the States are competent to do, they shall
peifoim; and whatever they cannot do is devolved
upon the General Government by express specifi-
cation. Now, I ask any gentleman, are the States
incompetent to improve theirown harbors? Will
any man say they are? Every one knows there is
not a State in this Union so poor, so mean, as to
be incapable of improving its own harbors. Why,
then, should the General Government undertake,
by assumption of power not delegated to it, to do
what the States can do for themselves?
But, to come to another principle, which is even
nearer to the point. When the Constitution has
laid down a mode by which an object can be at-
tained, it is exclusive of any other mode. Now,
the Constitution has laid down a mode by which
this object can be attained. In the origin of tins
Government, the good people of the United States
were not indifferent to internal improvements,
especially to the improvement of harbors. The
truth is, that is the only species of improvements
.which was then thought of. Nobody then thought
of making a wagon road under the authority of the
General Government. That is a claim of power
which sprung up at a later day, and which is now
put an end to. The great object, then, was the
improvement of harbors. Now, is there no mode
provided for this? On this point we have both
doctrine and example in the origin of this Govern-
ment. We have many instances in which the
States have applied to this Government for power
to lay duties on tonnage. In J792 or 1793, a peti-
tion came to Congress from the inhabitants of
Kennebeck, then in the State of Massachusetts,
for leave to lay duties on tonnage, with a view to
reimburse them for moneys expended in building
the piers in Kennebeck river. Congress autho-
rized them to lay those duties. Many other cases
have occurred. And in 1808, Baltimore, in the
State of Maryland, and Savannah, in the State of
Georgia, came simultaneously and prayed Con-
gress to authorize them to lay duties on tonnage,
with a view to the improvement of their harbors.
Congiess passed a law to authorize these States to
lay duties, and they were laid; and I have now
before me a report by Mr. Crawford, in 1822, of
the whole amount raised by these duties in the
city of Baltimore and the city of Savannah—in
Savannah from 1811 to 1821, and in Baltimore
from 1812 to 1821. And ever since have these
States, as 1 understand, been authorized by this
Government to lay these duties, with a view to
keep their harbors in order. Now, these are only
isolated cases, and if I had time, 1 should like to
have brought forward others, in which this Gov-
ernment has authorized the States to lay tonnage
duties. 1 know another case in the city of Charles-
ton. Charleston lays tonnage duties, not with a
view to erect and keep in repair harbors, but to
support her marine hospital. These duties are
now laid there for that object. Sir, the Constitu-
tion does not limit the States to the ojpjects for
which they may lay tonnage duties. They can
do so for any purpose, provided the General Gov-
ernment gives them leave: and from the origin of
this Government they have so applied in various
cases, and there is not an instance, I believe, in
which they have been refused.
Then, I say, here is a mode provided by the
Constitution, in which the harbors of a State may
be made and improved; and I maintain that this
fact is conclusive that you cannot make and im-
prove them in any other way. If you can, you
give this Government unlimited power. The grant
of a power is exclusive of other power; the desig-
nation of one mode is the exclusion of all other
modes, if this Government be one of limited, ex-
press grants of power. And in this is seen the
wisdom and justice of the Constitution. The Con-
stitution, in all its provisions, is the greatest ex-
emplification of justice to be found on the lecords
of nations. Is not this provision right? What
right have the people upon Lake Michigan to come
to me, down m South Carolina, and ask that I
should contribute to put their harbors in order? Is
it not the dictate of the most common justice that
those whose navigation is to be protected by an
improvement should contribute and pay for that
improvement? And what sort of interest, on the
other hand, have the people of Indiana or Ken-
tucky with the harbor in Charleston? Why
should we call upon them to improve a harbor
which they never saw, or of which they know
nothing? It is precisely the principle of the Post
Office Department, which lays so moderate a duty
upon letters, that those who receive the benefit of
the department sustain it. And this is a provi-
sion of the Constitution eminently just, eminently
right.
And now I ask, then, of this House, why shall
we extend the power of this Government o\er this
interest? 1 ask my Democratic friends, who pro-
fess to act upon the principle of construction to re-
gard the rights of the States, why they will go
with the consolidationists ? Why they will seek
to accomplish an object unconstitutionally by the
General Government when the States themselves
have the power of doingit? Or do they suppose,
when they want, they can add a power to this
General Government, and that will be the end of
it? Encroachment never stops; one encroachment
leads to another; and there is but one way in
which you can resist these successive encroach-
ments on the States—that is, one by one. If any
statesman supposes he can for his own interest in-
terpolate one encroachment into the Constitution,
and that there will be the end of it, he is acting
with a gross ignorance of human nature. All ex-
perience proves the contrary.
Mr. Speaker, I ask gentlemen who represent
sovereign and independent States here, if they are
willing to come and humble themselves to suppli-
cate from Congress as a favor what they can them-
selves accomplish as a light? I do not"know how
they feel; for my part I have very seldom come to
ask for South Carolina any favor; I confess I
always felt humiliated at the thought. Whether
I esteem my native State more highly than other
gentlemen, or whatever may be the fact, the idea
of accepting favor from the General Government
is most humiliating. I ask the Representatives of
the proud State of New York, comprising within
itself three miHions of inhabitants, when you have
the ability of taxing the commerce which enters
your harbors—not your own commerce exclusive-
ly, but the commerce of other States—will you
consent to come here as mendicants and beggars?
Although my State is small, she has too much
pride for that; and if other States will thus humble
themselves, she will demonstrate that she has too
much of the spirit of manly independence to stoop
so low.
Mr. C. B. SMITH did not understand that it
j was proposed to exercise any power not conferred
• by the Constitution, as the gentleman from South
i Carolina [Mr. Rhett] seemed to apprehend. This
| was no proposal to extend the power of this Gov-
| ernment. Did that gentleman deny the power to
| appropriate money for internal improvements t
. Why, the power'had been exeicised from the
| very organization of this Government to this day.
! There had never been a Congress convened under
j the Constitution which had not made appropri-
j attons for that purpose. Thegentleman from South
1 Carolina [Mi. Riiett] was alarmed by the intro-
j duction of this resolution; but he, (Mr. S.,) for
! one, avowed himself to be a friend to this measure;
| he wished to see a committee'appointed specially
j for the promotion and fostering of the great inter-
| ests to which the resolution referred, which this
j Government was bound to protect by means of
| internal improvements. He knew there was a
; modern distinction drawn between the Atlantic and
j the internal waters; but where, he would ask, was
j the authority found for such a distinction? Before
i they made appropriations, were they to enter into
j a chemical analysis of the wateis to find the amount
j of salt with which they were impregnated5 Were
! they to establish the position that this Government
! could promote no internal improvements unless
they were on the seaboard, and the waters were
impregnated with salt' Such a distinction was
futile, absurd, and ridiculous. It was one that
never was contemplated by the framers of the Con-
stitution, and it was one which he trusted this Con-
gress would dispose of in an emphatic manner.
Mr. RHETT was understood to ask if the gen-
tleman from Indiana intended to represent that he
drew a distinction between fresh and salt water.
Mr. C. B. SMITH had undeistood the gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Rhett] to go be-
yond his associates; he had understood that gen-
tleman to go against all appropriations for internal
improvements. Now, he would ask that gentle-
man if light-houses were not under the power of
the Government? Were not millions spent for
buoys, breakwaters, and other protection and
facilities for foreign commerce? Though the geu-
tleman from South Carolina might see fit to deny
that power, he would find, he (Mr. S.) presumed,
but very few on this floor that would sanction and
] accede to that opinion. That power was settled
cieaiiyand conclusively—so conclusively that it
( could not be regarded as a subject of doubt and
! controversy; and the question now was, if they had
| not the right to make appropriations for internal
j improvements in our inland waters? They knew
I that the commerce on those waters was extensive
• and valuable; they knew that the welfare of the
| country was as intimately identified with this in-
j ternal as with our foreign commerce. And must
! these vast interests be neglected? Must they of
i the Mississippi valley see the destruction of their
| property on the gieat lakes? Must they see the
I lives of their fellow-citizens saciixiccd for want of
1 appropriations for the improvement of their wa-
• ters? Must they, amidst all these sacrifices and
' losses, when they asked Congress to make appro-
| priations to remove obstructions, be told that their
| waters were fresh waters, and therefore no appro-
i priations could be made? It must be within the
; knowledge of"every gentleman that appropriations
have been made for internal improvements ever
! since the organization of this Government,
i It was, however, equally well known, thatduring
the last four years, during which time he had had
; a seat on this floor, Congress had made liberal
, appropriations for such improvements, but that
! they had been withheld by the technical veto of the
President. Such appropriations were made by the
votes of both Whigs and Democrats, in a Congu.'ss
in which the Democrats had a majority; but such
votes, and the interests and the petitions of the
people, were treated with scorn and contempt. He
; could bear testimony to the immense sacrifices of
I property whkh the West had been compelled to
sustain, and to the immense loss of valuable lives,
• in consequence of the squeamishness of our Presi-
f dent, because he regards the distinction drawn
: between saltwater and fresh water improvements.
1 He (Mr. S.) undertook to assert that the power of
; this Government over impiovcmcnts can only find a
: limitation in thediscretion of Congress. Gentlemen
I might seek to find it elsewhere, but elsewhere it
