184#.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
81
^selves be enriched by the large expenditures which
•they were promised by the advocates of the sys-
tem should be made from the Federal treasury in
their neighborhood. Whole sections of the coun-
try were thus sought to be influenced, and the
-system was fast becoming one not only of profuse
-Wid wasteful expenditure, but a patent political
■engine.
If the power to improve a harbor be admitted,
it is not easy to perceive how the power to deepen
njvery inlet on the ocean or the lakes, and make
-harbors where there are none, can be-denied. If
the power to clear out or deepen the channel of
, rivers near their mouths be admitted, it is not easy
to perceive how the power to improve them to
their fountain head, and make them navigable to
their sources, can be denied. Where shall the
exercise of the power, if it be assumed, stop ? Has
Congress the power, when an inlet is deep enough
-to admit a schooner, to deepen it still more so, that
it will admit ships of heavy burden? and has it
not the power, when an inlet will admit a boat, to
make it deep enough to admit a schooner? May
it improve rivers deep enough already to float ships
and steamboats ? and has it no power to improve
those which are navigable only for flat-boats and
barges? May the General Government exercise
power and jurisdiction over the soil of a State con-
sisting of rocks and sand-bars in the beds of its
rivers? and may it not excavate a canal around its
-waterfalls or across ifs lands for precisely the same
object?
Giving to the subject the most serious and can-
4tdconsideration of which my mind is capable, I
cannot perceive any intermediate grounds. The
power to improve harbors and rivers for purposes
©^-navigation, by deepening or clearing out, by
dams and sluices, by locking or canallmg, must
be admitted without any other limitation than the
discretion of Congress, or it must be denied alto-
gether. If it be admitted, how broad and how
•susceptible of enormous abuses is tMfe power thus
vested in the General Government! There is not
an inlet of the ocean or the lakes, not a river,
creek, or streamlet within the States, which is not
brought for this purpose within the power and ju-
risdiction of the General Government.
Speculation, disguised under the cloak of pub-
lic good, will call on Congress to deepen shallow
inlets, that it may build up new cities on their
scores, or to make streams navigable which Na-
ture has closed by bars and rapids, that it may
sell at a profit its lands upon their banks. To en-
rich neighborhoods by spending within it the
moneys of the nation will be the aim and boast of
those who prize their local interests above the
good of the nation, and millions upon millions
will be abstracted by tariffs and taxes from the
earnings of the whole people to foster speculation
and subserve the objects of private ambition.
Such a system could not be administered with
• .any approach to equality among the several States
and sections of the Union. There is no equality
.among them jn the objects of expenditure, and, if
the funds were distributed according to the merits
of those objects, some would be enriched at the
expense of their neighbors. But a greater practi-
cal evil would be found in the art and industry by
which appropriations would be sought and ob-
tained. The most artful and industrious would.
foe the most successful; the true interests of the
country would be lost sight of in an annual scram-
ble for the contents of the treasury; and the mem-
ber of Congress who could procure the largest ap-
propriations to be expended in his district would
claim the reward .of victory from his enriched
constituents. The necessary consequence would
be, sectional discontents and heartburnings, in-
creased taxation, and a national debt, never to be
■extinguished.
In view of these portentous consequences, I can-
not bu.t think that this course of legislation should
he arrested, eyen were there nothing to forbid it in
the fundamental laws of our Union. This conclu-
sion is fortified -by the fact, that the Constitution
itself indicates a process by which harbors and riv-
ers within the States may be improved—a process
not susceptible of the abuses necessarily to flow
from the assumption of the power to improve them
, by the Gojperal Government; just in its-operation,
and actually practised upon, withoutcomplaint or
- interruption, during more than thirty years from
the organization of the present Government. -
The Constitution provides that " no State shall,
without the consent of Congress, lay any duty of
tonnage." With the " consent" of Congress, such
duties may be levied, collected, and expended by
the States. We are -not left in the dark as to
the objects of this reservation of power to the
States. The subject was fully considered by the
convention that framed the Constitution. It ap-
pears, in Mr. Madison's report of the proceedings
of that body, that one object of the reservation was,
that the States should not be. restrained from lay-
ing duties of tonnage for the purpose of clearing
harbors. Other objects were named in the debates,
and among them the support of seamen. Mr.
Madison, treating on this subject in the Federalist,
declares that—
« The restraint on the power of the States over imports
and exports is enforced by ail the arguments which prove
the necessity of submitting the regulation of tratle to the
Federal Councils. It is needie'ss, therefore, to remark fur-
ther on this head, than that tiie manner in which the re- '
straint is qualified seems well calculated at orice to secure
to the States a reasonable discretion in providing for the
convenieney of theiriniports arid exports, and to the United
States a reasonable check again&t the abuse of this discre-
tion."
The States may lay tonnage duties for clearing
harbors, improving rivers, or for other purposes;
butare restrained from abusing the power, because,
before such duties can take effect, the " consent"
of Congress must be obtained. Here is a safe
provision for the improvement of harbors and
rivers in the reserved powers of the States, and in
the aid they may derive from duties of tonnage
levied with the consent of Congress. Its safe-
guards'are, that both the State Legislatures and
Congress have to concur in the act of raising the
funds; that they are, in every instance, to be levied
upon the commerce of those ports which are to
profit by the proposed improvement; that no ques-
tion of conflicting power or jurisdiction is involved;
that the expenditure being in the hands of those
who are to pay the money and be immediately
benefited, will be more carefully managed and
more productive of good than if the funds were
drawn from the national treasury and disbursed
by the officers of the General Government; that
such a system will carry with it no enlargement of
Federal power and patronage, and leave the States
to be the sole judges of their own wants and in-
terests, with only a conservative negative in Con-
gress upon any abuse of the power which the
States may attempt.
Under this wise system, the improvement of
harbors and rivers was commenced, or rather con-
tinued, from the organization of the Government
j under the present Constitution. Many acts were
| passed by the several Suites levying duties of ton-
; nage, and many were passed by Congress giving
[ their consent to those acts. Such acis have been
passed by Massachusetts, Rhode island, Pennsyl-
! vania, Maryland, Virginia, Worth Carolina, South
' Carolina, and Georgia, and have been sanctioned
by the consent of Congress. Without enumera-
ting them all, it may be instructive to refer to some
of them, as illustrative of the mode of improving
harbors and rivers in the early periods of our Gov-
ernment, as to the constitutionality-of which there
can be no doubt. <■
In January, 1790, the State of Rhode Island
passed a law levying a tonnage duty on vessels
arriving in the port of Providence, " for the pur-
pose of clearing and deepening the channel of
Providence river, and making the same more navi-
gable."
On the 2d of February, 1798, the State of Massa-
chusetts passed a law levying a tonnage duty on
all vessels, whether employed in the foreign or
coasting trade, which might enter into the Kenne-
bunk river, for the improvement of the same, by
" rendering the passage in and out of said river
less difficult and dangerous."
i On the 1st of April, 1805, the State of Pennsyl-
vania passed a law levying a tonnage duty on ves-
sels, " to remove the obstructions to the navigation
of the river Delaware, below the city of Philadel-
phia. "
On the 23d of January, 1804, the State of Vir-
ginia passed a law levying a tonnage duty on
vessels, " for improving the navigation of James
river."
On the 22d of February, 1826, the State of Vir-
ninia passed a law levying a tonnage duty on-ves-
sels, for " improving the navigation of Jt&nes river,
from Warwick to Rockett's Landing."
On the 8th of December, 1824,.the State of Vir-
ginia passed a' law levying a tonnage duty on ves-
sels, for " improving the navigation of Appomatox
river, from Pocahontas bridge to Broadway."
In November, 1821, the State ofNortli Carolina
passed a law levying a tonnage duty on vessels,
" for the purpose of opening an inlet at the lower
end of Albemarle Sound, near a place called Nag's
Head, and improving the navigation of said Sound,
with its branches;" and in November, 1828, an
amendatory law was passed.
On the 21st^of December, 1804, the Stateof South
Carolina passed a law levying a tonnage duty, for
the purpose of " building a marine hospital in the
vicinity of Charleston;" and on the 17th of Decem-
! be'r, 1816, another law was passed by the Legisla-
1 ture of that State for the "maintenance of a marine
j hospital."
I On the 10th of February, 1787, the Stateof Geor-
j gia passed a law levying a tonnoge duty on all ves-
sels entering into the port of Savannah, for the
purpose of "clearing'' the Savannah river of
"wrecks and other obstructions" to the navigation.
On the 12th of December, 1804, the State of
Georgia passed a law levying a tonnage duty on
vessels, "to be applied to the payment of the fees
of the harbor-master and health officer of the ports
of Savannah and St. Mary's."
In April, 1783, the State of Maryland passed a
law laying a tonnage duty on vessels, for the im-
provement of the "basin" and "harbor"of Balti-
more and the "river Patapsco."
On the 26th of December, 1791, the State of
Maryland passed a law levying a tonnage duty on
vessels, for the improvement of the "harbor and
port of Baltimore."
On the 28th of December, 1793, the State of
Maryland passed a Jaw authorizing the appoint-
ment of a health officer for the port of Baltimore,
and laying a tonnage duty.on vessels to defray the
expenses.
Congress have passed many acts giving its " con-
i sent" to these and other State lasvs, the first of
which is dated in 1790, and the last in 1843. By the
latter act, the " consent" of Congress was given to
the law of the Legislature of the State of Maryland,
laying a tonnage duty on vessels for the improve-
ment of the harbor of Baltimore, and continuing it
in force until the-lst day of June, 1850. I trans-
mit herewith copies of such of the acts of the fce-
gislatures of the States on the subject, and also the
; acts of Congress giving its " consent" thereto, as
I have been collated.
I That the power was constitutionally and right-
| fully exercised in these cases does not admit of a
■ doubt.
; The injustice and inequality resulting from con-
; ceding the power to both Governments, is illustra-
; ted by several of the acts enumerated. Take that
for the improvement of the harbor of Baltimore.
, That improvement is paid for exclusively by a
j tax on the commerce of that city; but if an appro-
| priation be made from the national treasury for
[ the improvement of the harbor of Boston, it must
! be paid in part out of taxes levied on the commerce
! of Baltimore. The result is, that the commerce of
| Baltimore pays the full cost of the harbor improve-
S ment designed for its own benefit, and, in addition,
| contributes to the cost of all other harbor and river
j improvements in the Union. The facts need but
j be stated to prove the inequality and injustice
, which cannot but flow from the practice embodied
l in this bill. Either the subject should be left as it
| was during the first third of a century, or the pra<v
; tice of levying tonnage duties by the States should
| be abandoned altogether, and all harbor and river
j improvements made under the authority of the
1 United States, and by means of direct appropri-
ations. In view not only of the constitutional
difficulty, but as a question of policy, I am clearly
of opinion that the whole subject should be left to
the States, aided by such tonnage duties on ves-
j| sels navigating their waters as their respective Le-
1 gislatures may think proper to propose, and Con-
gress see fit to sanction. This " consent"of Con-
gress would never be refused in any case where
the duty proposed to be levied by the State was
reasonable, and where the object of improvement
was one of importance. The funds required for
the improvement of harbors and rivers may be
raised in this mode, as was done in'the earlier pe-
riods of the Government, and thus avoid a resort
to a strained ponstruction of the Constitution, not
warranted" by its lettei;. If direct appropriations
be made of the money in the Federal treasury for
sach purposes,- tfta "expenditures will be unequal
