THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1847.
New Series No. 3.
and navigation, and the facilitating communcations
through the United States." It was referred to a
committee, and that appears to have been the last
of it. On a subsequent occasion, a proposition was
made to confer on Congress the power to " pro-
vide for the cutting of canals when deemed neces-
sary," which was rejected by the strong majority
of eight States to three. Among the reasons'given
for the rejection of this proposition, it was urged
that " the expense in such cases will fall on the
United States, and the benefits accrue to the places
where the canals may be cut.''
During the consideration of this proposition, a
motion was made to enlarge the proposed power
for cutting canals" into a power " to grant cliar-
' ters of incorporation, when the interest of the Uni-
4 ted States might require, and the legislative provi-
•sions of the individual States maybe-incompetent;"
arjd the reason assigned by Mr. Madision for the
proposed enlargement of the power was, that it
would "secure an easy communication between
' the States which the free intercourse now to be
' opened seemed to call for. The political obsfa-
' cles being removed, a removal of the natural ones,
' as far as possible, ought to follow."
The original proposition and ail the amendments
.were rejected, after deliberatediscussion, not on the
ground, as so much of that discussion as has been
preserved indicates, that no direct grant was neces-
sary, but because it was deemed inexpedient to
grant it at all. When it is considered that some
of the members of the Convention, who afterwards
participated in the organization and administration
of the Government, advocated and practised upon
a very liberal construction of-the Constitution,
grasping at many high powers as implied in its va-
rious provisions, not one of them, it is believed, at
that day claimed the powei;to make roads and ca-
nals, or improve rivers and harbors, or appropri-
ate money for that purpose. Among our early
statesmen of the strict construction class, the opin-
ion was universal, when the subject was first
broached, that Congress did not possess the power,
although some of them thought it desirable.
President Jefferson, in his message to Congress
in 1806, recommended an amendment of the Con-
stitution, with a view to apply an anticipated sur-
plus in the treasury " to the great purposes of
* the public education, roads, rivers, canals, and j
' such other objects of public improvements as it j
' may be thought proper to add to the constitution- !
* al enumeration of the Federal powers;" and he j
adds: " I suppose an amendment to the Oonstitu- I
' tion, by consent of the States, necessary, because j
' tlieobjectsnowrecommendedarenotamongthose !
'enumerated in the Constitution, and to which it i
'permits the public moneys to be applied." in
1825, he repeated, in his published letters, the
opinion that no such power has been conferred
upon Congress.
President Madison, in a message to tire'House
of Representatives of the 3d of March, 1817, as-
signing his objections to a bill entitled " An act to
set apart and pledge certain funds for internal im-
provements," declares, that" the power to regulate
'' commerce among the several States cannot include
' a power to construct roads and canals, and to im-
' prove the navigation of water-courses, in order to
* facilitate, promote, and secure such commerce,
' without a iatitude of construction departing from
' the ordinary import of the terms, strengthened by
* the known inconveniences which doubtless led
1 to'the grant of this remedial power to Congress."
President Monroe, in a message to the House
of Representatives of the 4th of May, 1822, con-
taining his objections to a bill entitled '' An act for
the preservation and repair of the Cumberland
road, declares:
_ <• Commerce between independent powers or communi-
ties is universally reflated by duties and imposts. It was
so regulated by the States before the adoption of this Con-
stitution, equally ill respect to each other and to foreisn
Power-. The goods and vessels employed in the trade aie
the only subjects ot regulation. It can aet on none other.
A power, then, to impose such duties and imposts in regard
U> foreign nations, and to pi event any on the trade between
the States, was the only power granted.
" If we recur to the causes which produced the adoption
of this Constitution, we shall find that injuries remitting
I from the regulation of trade by the States respectively, and
; the advantages anticipated from the transfer of the power
I to Congress, were among those which had the most weight,
•j Instead of acting as a nation in tegard to foreign Powers, the
! States, individually, had commenced a system of restraint
{ on each other,--whereby the in tercets of foreign Powers were
} p *>motedattheirexpense. If one State imposed hi/zh duties
{ on the goods or vessel* of a foreign Power to countervail the
j regulations of such Power, the nextadjoining States imposed
; lighter duties to invite those article* into their poits, that
| they might be transferred thence irtfo the other States, se-
i curing the duties to themselves. This contracted policy in
| some of the States was soon counteracted hy"others. Re-
[ str'aints were immediately laid on such commerce hv the.
i suffering States; and thus had gfmvn up a state of alFairs
i disorderly and unnatural, the tendency of which was to de-
{ stroy the Union itself, and with it all hope of realizing those
j blessings which we had anticipated from me glorious ievo-
' lution which had been so recently achieved. From this de-
I plorable dilemma, or rather certain ruin, we were happily
| rescued by the adoption of the Constitution.
"Among the first and rno-t important effects'of this great
; revolution was the complete abolition of this pernicious
" policy. The States weie brought together by the Constitu-
tion, as to commerce,into one community, equally in regard i
to foreign nations ami each other. 7'be regulations that were '
adopted regarded us in both respects ai one people. The
duties and imposts that were laid on the vessels and mer-
chandise gf foreign nations were all uniform throughout the
United States, and in the intercourse between the States
themselves no duties of any kind were imposed other than
between different ports and counties within the same State.
"This view is'supported by a series of measures all of a
marked character, preceding the adoption of the Constitu-
tion. As early as the year 1781, Congress recommended it
to the States to ve«t m the United States a power to levy a
duty of five per cent, on ali goods imported Horn foreign
countries into the United States for the term of fifteen years.
In 1783, this lecommendation, with alterations as to the
kind ot duties, and an extension of this term to twemv-five
i years, was repented and more earnestly urged. In 1781, it
| was recommended to the States to authorize Congress to
j prohibit, under certain modifications, the importation of
goods from foreign Powers into the United States for fifteen
years. In 1785, the consideration of the subject was re-
Mimed, and a proposition presented in a new form, with an
address to the States, explaining fully the principles on
which a grant of the power to regulate trade was deemed
indispensable. In I78n, a meeting took place at Annapolis
of delegates from several of the States on this subject, and
on their report the Convention was formed at Philadelphia
the ensuing year, from all the States, to whose deliberations
we are indebted for the present Constitution.
" In none of these measures was the subject of internal
improvement mentioned oi even glanced at. Those of 1784,
5, 6, and 7, leading step by step to the adoption of the Con-
stitution, had in view only the obtaining of a power to en-
able Congress to regulate trade with foreign Powers. It is
manifest that the regulation oftrade with the seveial States
was altogether a secondary object, suggested by stnd adopt-
ed in connection with the. other. If the power necessary to
; this system of improvement is included under either branch
of this grant. J should suppose that it wa« the first rather
than the second. The pretension to it, however, under that
branch, has never been set up. In support of the claim
under the second, no reason has been assigned which ap-
pears to have the least weight.'5
Such is a brief history of the origin, progress,
and consequences of a system which for more
than thirty years after the adoption of the Con-
stitution was unknown. The greatest embarrass-
ment upon the subject consists in the departure
which has taken place from the early construction
of the Constitution, and the precedents which are
found in the legislation of Congress in later years.
President Jackson, in his veto of the Wabash
river bill, declares, that " to inherent embarrass-
ments have been added others, from the course of
our legislation concerning it." In his vetoes on
the Maysville road bill, the Rockville road bill,
the Wabash river bill, and other bills of like char-
acter, he reversed the precedents which existed
prior to that time on the subject of internal im-
provements. When our experience, observation,
and reflection have convinced us that a legislative
precedent is either unwise or unconstitutional, it
should not be followed.
No express grant of this power is found in the
Constitution. Its advocates have differed among
themselves as to the source from which it is de-
rived as an incident. In the progress of the dis-
cussions upon this subject, the power to regulate
commerce seems now'to be chiefly relied upon,
especially in reference to the improvement of har-
bors and rivers.
In relation to the regulation of pommerce, the
language of the grant in the Constitution is, "Con-
gress shall have power to regulate commerce with
foreign nations and among the several States, and
with the Indian tribes." That to " regulate com-
merce," does not mean to make a road or dig- a*fca-
i nal, or clear out a river, ov deepen a harbor, would
i seem to be obvious to the common understanding.
I To " regulate" admits or affirms the preSxistenoe
! of the thing to be regulated. In this case it pre-
j supposes the existence of commerce, and of course
] the means by which and the,channels through
; which commerce is carried on. It confers no crc-
■ ative power; it only assumes control over that
i which may have been brought into existence
j through other agencies, such as State legislation,
| and the industry and enterprise of individuals. If
i the definition of the word " regulate" is to include
j the provision of means to carry on commerce, then
! have Congress not only power to deepen harbors,
j clear out rivers, dig canals, and make roads, but
also to build ships, railroad cars, and other vehi-
cles, all of which are necessary to commerce.
There is rto middle ground. If the power to regu-
late can be legitimately construed intp a power to
create or facilitate, then not only the bays and
harbors, but the roads and canals, and all the means
of transporting merchandise among the several
States, are put at the disposition of Congress.'
This power to regulate commerce was construed
and exercised immediately after the adoption of
the Constitution, and has been ^exercised to the
present day, by prescribing general rules by which
commerce should be conducted. With foreign na-
tions it has been regulated by treaties, defining the
rights of citizens and subjects, as well as by acts
of Congress imposing duties and restrictions, em-
bracing vessels, seamen, cargoes, and passengers.
It has been regulated among the States by acts of
Congress relating to the coasting trade, and the
vessels employed therein, and for the better secu-
rity of passengers in vessels propelled by steam,
and'by the removal of all restrictions upon inter-
nal trade. It. has been regulated with the Indian
tribes by our intercourse laws, prescribing the
manner in which it shall be carried on. Thus each
branch of this grant of power was exercised soon
after the adoption of the Constitution, and has con-
tinued to be exercised to the present day. If a
more extended construction be-adopted, it is im-
possible for the human mind to fix on a limit to the
exercise of the power other than the will and dis-
cretion of Congress. It sweeps into the vortex of
national power and jurisdiction not only harbors
and inlets, rivers and little streams, but canals,
turnpikes, and railroads—every spccics of im-
provement which can facilitate or create trade and
intercourse " with foreign nations, among the sev-
eral States, and with the Indian tribes."
Should any great object of improvement exist
in our widely-extended country, which cannot be
effected by means of tonnage duties, levied by the
States, with the concurrence of Congress, it is
safer and wiser to apply to the States, in the mode
prescribed by the Constitution, for an amendment
of that instrument, whereby the powers of the
General Government may be enlarged, with such
limitations and restrictions as experience has
shown to be proper, than to assume and exercise
a power which has not been granted, or which
may be regarded as doubtful in the opinion of a
large portion of our constituents. This course has
been recommended successively by Presidents
Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, and Jackson, and I
fully concur with them in opinion. If an enlarge-
ment of power should be deemed proper, it will
unquestionably be granted by the States; if other-
wise, it will be withheld; and, in either case, their
decision should be final. In the meantime, I deem
it proper to add, that the investigation of this sub-
ject has impressed me more strongly than ever
with the solemn conviction that the usefulnessand
permanency of this Government, and the happi-
ness of the millions over whom it spreads its pro-
tection, will be best promoted by carefully ab-
staining from the exercise of all powers not clearly
granted by the Constitution.
JAMES K. POLK.
Washington, December 15, 1847.
Before the Clerk had progressed far in the read-
ing of the message—
Mr. CLINGMAN rose and said, he would
move that the reading be dispensed with.
