84
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
Dec. 15,
[Cries of "No, no," from the opposite side of i
the House.] ' , t
It was not a veto message, (said Mr. C.;) it
wasnothing which the House could act upon. ;
[A voice: It is something that will act upon the
House, I reckon.]
The House not manifesting a disposition to dis-
pense with the reading—
The motion was waived, and the Clerk continued
and completed the reading.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved that the message
and accompanying documents be referred, to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. VINTON hoped that-, instead of taking the
direction proposed by the gentleman from Illinois,
this message would be referred to a select commit-
tee, and that the printing of it would be postponed
until the sclect committee should have had time to
make a report upon this important document, so
that the message and the reply to it might go out
to the country together. In making this sugges-
tion, it was his intention to move that a select com-
mittee should be raised, with the request that he
himself should not be placed upon it. <•
Mr. WENT WORTH would state, in relation
to the motion of the gentleman, that the Committee
on Commerce would probably make an adverse
report, and then both documents would be printed
together. The Committee on Commerce had now
nothing before them, and might as well occupy
themselves upon that as anything else.
Mr. VINTON resumed the floor, and proceeded
to say that he was folly aware that the Committee
on Commerce, if they had time to do so, would do
ample justice to the in^portant subjcct discussed in
this message. He had proposed a select commit-
tee, believing that, from the very elaborate discus-
sion given to the subject by the President of the
United States, it would require more time than the
Committee on Commerce could bestow upon it.
And he agreed with the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Wentworth,] that the message and the an-
swer should go out together.
. But he had risen chiefly for the purpose of ma-
king a remark upon one fact which he had heard
stated in that message, among the very few things
which he could understand; for, although he had
listened with all the attention he was able to bestow
upon it, yet he had been able to hear but a very
smail part.
The message undertakes (said Mr. V.) to prove,
that if the internal improvements of the country
had not been arrested by a former Executive of
the United States, the prosecution of.it would have
involved this country m an enormous debt of some
two hundred millions of dollars or more. Now,
that is not the first time that that assertion has been
made by the Executive of the Uaited States. I
have no doubt that the Piesident of the United
States, in making that communication to Congress,
and through Congress to the people of the United
States, believed that what is there stated is accu-
rate and true. But the President of the United
States, as i undertake to say, labors under a griev-
ous error, m point of fact, w hen he says that
the recommendation of appropriations to the
amount of two hundred millions was made by the
party which was then m power for a series of years.
At the very time when the message was commu-
nicated to Congress, which is alluded to in the
present message of the President of the United
States, I served on the Committee on Internal Im-
provements. I know, sir, what was its policy,
what it* purposes: and Uhave at least a general
recollection of what it did report and recommend;
and now 3 undertake to say, that at no time did it
ever enter into the intention of the Committee on
Internal Improvements, or of the House of Repre-
sentatives, or of thafportion of the House of Rep-
lesentatives, or of the Congress of the United
States who were the supporters of the system of
internal improvements, that it was to involve tins
country in the riist dullai of debt. I undertake to
say that there never was a bill reported here that
would have rendered it necessary to borrow a dol-
lar of money to carry it into effect. j
For yeaiv, sir, while this system of internal im- i
provements was under discussion m this House, !
and appropriations were annually made towards it, 1
it was the duty of the Committee on Internal Im- i
provements, either by addressing a letter to the :
Secretary of the Treasury or in some other mode, '
to ascertain what would be the residuum remain- !
xng in the treasury at the end of the year, after
meeting all the appropriations that were required ;
by the Government; and the bills that were re- >r
ported, that is, the appropriations that were pro- |
posed to be made at every session while that sys- :■
tern had the favor of this House, the appropria- ;
tions that were recommended to be made" were -
always limited within what was ascertained would
be the residuum remaining in the treasury after |
meeting the other expenses of the Government, m
And it never was the intention of the friends of .j
internal improvement, it was no part of their de- ;!
sire, there was no advocate on this floor of a sys-
tem of internal improvements which should 4>e
sustained by borrowing money and involving the ;j
nation m debt. At that time, at the time the act
! of 1824 was passed, to which the President alludes,/
j in the prqpent message, the country owed a debt, ,
; if I recollect right, of something near one hundred
| millions of dollars—a small residuum of the debt I
I of the war of the Revolution and the last war with j
| Great Britain. It was passed at a time, said the ;
! gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Rhett,]
j this morning, when we were all Federalists and
; Democrats. If I may characterize that Congress, I
j it was parsed at a time when we were all Ameri- .
i cans. There was no party in this House; but this j
| body was then composed, it then contained within :
| it a weight of character, and talent, and ^cperience, ;
, far greater—without intending any disrespect to 1
; those that may be here now—far greater than I !
| have ever seen m this House from th£t day to
this. ,
;| The eighteenth Congress, that passed the inter- I
j! nal improvement bill, contained in this body many
!j men who have been great lights in the Union from >
,j that day to this. -Most of thera engaged in the I
^ debate on that bill; it was one of the most elabo-
!. rate debates I ever heard upon this floor; it was j
freedom all party bias. Men formed their opin-
|i ions with reference to their views of the Constitu- :
!; tior. of the United States, after the most impartial ,
I and deliberate investigation of the powers confer* ,
j red by it; and it is for that reason that I always \
respectcd that law as one of those that were enti- j
;j tied to be Considered of vastly greater importance
and authority than a bill passed in high party j
II times, in high party excitement, and with leference i
to some party end. It is an authority with me
ij that no pprry measure can have in this House.
'! Well, sir, it became a law. It directed that sur- ■
1 veys and'leconnoissances should be made of the I
1 United States; of those portions of the country, of
those lines of communication that should facilitate
| commerce anions the States m a national point of
I view, and the transportation of the mail of the ■
; United States, and that should promote the national
il defences of the country. CJnder that law, sir, a j
!j corps of engineers was employed by Mr. Monroe, 1
|| the then President of the United States, at the
j| head of which was an engineer of the highest emi- 1
j1 nence, General Bernard. His reconnoissances and
!■ surveys that were made, were made as much or
i more with reference to the military defences of the 1
country than to its internal improvements. This :
examination was made for the purpose of obtain-
| mg for this Government that topographical infor- i
. mation which would be necessary, not merely in
' a military point of view, but to facilitate the trade <
I among the States, as well as the transportation of :
j the mail of the country. It was made, for the '
j most part, not under any special direction of Con-
• gress. Occasionally Congress passed a resolution
. directing a survey to be made; the President of!
| the United States diiected such to be made as he l'
, thought proper; and I believe in some instances '
, these surveys and examinations were made at the i
| request and instance of individual members of this 1
j body. But it was never understood by the friends '
j of internal improvement, when they were making i
j these surveys, which were always accompanied •
[ by estimates, that they pledged the country to <
j anything. They were mere pioneers, sent forward I
1 into the country for the purpose of ascertaining !'
whether the military defences of the country, '!
whether its internal trade, required that internal
improvements should be made.
Now, at that time the Government of the United
States owed a debt of one hundred million dollars, ,
In addition to paying the interest on that debt it 'f
had made a great appropriation for the purpose of 1
liquidating the principal. By the fundingact,which ,
was then passed, ten millions of dollars were set
aside annually for the purpose of liquidating the 1
debt of the United States, which was to be applied i,
before the other expenditures were met. Now,
while that debt was in the process of being paid-
while the Government of the United States were
discharging ten millions of the public debt annu-
ally—it was at that time, and during that process,
that these appropriations were made; and made9
as I have already said, with reference to the resi-
duum that should remain in the Treasury of the
United States after meeting the appropriations made
by law. Now, I well remember that while this
process was going forward, it was the prevailing
opinion in this House that, whenever the public
debt of the country should be paid, the sinking
fund of ten million dollars, which would then be
disengaged, would necessarily be appropriated to
some other object. It was supposed that the great
interests of the country—that its industry would
not be at so great a charge as that this ten million
dollars annually raised for that purpose should at
once be closed up. it is true, the friends of inter-
nal improvement looked forvvard to the period
when that debt should be discharged as to the era
when something valuable should be accomplished.
It was supposed that the revenue of the country
would remain the same, and it was supposed that
this ten millions of dollars would be spent in in-
creasing the civil and military and naval defences
of the country, unless it were appli^i to this great
system of internal impro"* ements. T^hat it would
| be spent somewhere was veiy evident; and it was
a question among the friends of internal improve-
t ments whether, when that debt was paid, the sink-
' ing fund should be paid out to the people of this
; country for the labor and materials necessary for
j these great public works, or whether there should
i be in the place of it an enormous increase m the
1 ordinary expenditures of the Government.
i Now, it so happened that, just at the moment
j when this national debt was paid off, the Execu-
i tive of the United States thought proper—at the
1 very instant when the nation had greater ability
than it had ever had before—the Executive of the
; United States thought pioper to lay his hand upon
that branch of appropriations, and to arrest it.
, And, sir, what followed, when that veto, which
; is alluded to in the present message of the Presi-
; dent of the United States, was sent to the House?
, It was at a time when this Government was in
the receipt of a large surplus revenue. The result
. of omitting to make any disposition of this sink-
ing fund was, in the first place, largely to swell
the expenditures and extravagance of the Govern-
ment itself. That was the first result. The next
consequence was, that, in the course of two or
: three years, an accumulation of about forty mil-
• lions of surplus was found to be in the treasury
! of the United States, locked up—forty millions of
| dollars, which went to bring about a state of ex-
i citement in this country, of speculation, of finan-
1 cial deiangement, that finally terminated in a con-
vulsion which shook not merely the Government
, of this country, but all its industrial interests, to
, their very centre. Now, suppose, instead of the
accumulation of this forty million of dollars in the
treasury of the United States—which was loaned
! out liberally all over the country, going to inflate
and expand its currency, and swell its business—
suppose that ten millions of dollars had been an-
nually appropriated to the improvement of your
rivers and harbors; that it had been paid out over
this country to the 44 toiling millions,'" (to use the
language of the President,) for their labor and
the materials that would have been necessary for
these great public works: what would have been
the consequence? It would have lelieved your
treasury from this penalty; it would not—as has
been argued by the President of the United States
—it would not have involved this country in a
debt; it would have saved the country from the
convulsion that followed. Sir, that would have
been the effect of peimittuig that system, which
was then wisely established, to have taken its
course. But, sir, instead of that—instead of these
moneys being appropriated m that mode, spread-
ing their benefits over the country, enlarging the
commerce of the country, building up your de-
fences—instead of that, we all know where it
went to, and what was the consequence.
Now in reference to that declaration of the Presi-
dent of the United States, that by the veto of the then
President of the United States, and the arresting
the then contemplated system of internal improve-
ments, the country was s;aved from being involved
in such a debt as he has estimated—a declaration
