THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. lo,
this message; and it was nothing more nor less
than a denial by the Executive of the right of this
Government over internal improvements, not only
on the Jakes, but on the seaboard. It denied the
power of this Government on that subject in all its
parts. This was a new view of this* subject. It
had been reserved to I he present President to make
the °-rand discovery that every President who has
preceded him has violated the Constitution. Why,
the present Executive himself has violated the
Constitution, if the views expressed in this mes-
snge are well founded, for he has himself sanc-
tioned appropriations which he now denounces as
unconstitutional. This was an attempt on the
States, and they had the express power to employ
" all the means that were necessary and proper to |!
carry into effect the foregoing powers.'* They ;;
had not only constitutional authority to regulate
.commerce am oner the States, but thtey have power
to defend the country in war, and to transport the !l
mails; and they had the express power to employ all r
the means that were necessary and proper to carry ;
into effect these powers. And were not roads and \
canals necessary to regulate commerce among the 1
States, defend the country, and transport the mails ? I
And who but Congress could judge of the fitness '
and propriety of these means to be employed in J
carrying into effect these great and express pmv
part of the President to break down  nd-destroy ] ers? Congress, as the gentleman from Indiana
one of the most important and valuable powers
conferred by the Constitution on Congress—the
[Mr. C. B. Smith] had said, could alone judge.
When they carried out an express power, they
power of improvement, the power to improve the !j were to use the means that were necessary. And t1 1
internal condition of our common country. This f ' ~ "   i,'~ ~ ^ r™~- —1- 1—*
most valuable and beneficial power was now to be 1
stricken down by the Executive arm; this great .
and salutary power was to be destroyed. And
what then would be the condition'of the great in- 1
terior of the country? He asked gentlemen who !
represent the interior of the country and the great i
West, the country of the rivers, and lakes, and '
inland seas, how were returns of the public mo-
where was the limitation? The only limitation
was this: that the means employed shall be ^neces-
sary and proper" to the end to be accomplished.
Who shall prescribe to Congress where to build a
fort? For this Government, it is conceded, has the
right to build forts and fortifications. And why?
It was not express, but incidental only to the war
making power. Who, then, shall dictate to Con-
gress where to build forts, construct fortifications,
ney, which was taken from all alike, to be made j place buoys, ercct light-houses,or construct harbors
to the districts from whicVfit comes, if this power ~
is to be destroyed ? The great West might pour j
out its money like-its rivers to the Atlantic, but |j them.
or roads? Who but Congress can jud^e of the
place where it was necessary and proper to place
em.
He apprehended there was no power more clear
and undoubted than the great power of national
defence and national improvement, and it was the
last power that he would consent to surrender.
But the President said in this message that the
States, and not the Federal Government, would
provide for -these improvements. And must this
Government, which is charged with the power to
regulate internal commerce, transport the mail,
and defend the country in time of war, be depend-
ant on the States for the means of executing their
great powers? The Constitution never contem-
plated such an absurdity.
Suppose a road would be more " necessary and
proper" to the defence of the country than a fort,
would the Government have the power then to
make a road5 Most unquestionably; for Congress
was the judge of the fitness of the means without
limitation. The Government >eould exercise that
power even to the constiuction of a railroad to
Oregon, or from north to south. A good system
of railroads, in his judgment, would be much more
available for the national defence than any system
of fortifications that could be devised, and useful
alike in peace or war.
If we had had our present railroads from the
North to this place during the last war, this Capf-
tol and the President's House would never have
been sacked and burnt by a foreign enemy. If,
as now, we could have "transported forces from
Boston, New York, Philadelphia, and Baltimore,
this dis^racp would never have occurred.
His view of the power of Congress over this
whole subject was this : each of the express pow-
ers carries with it its own appropriate means of
execution; without this, this Government could
never have been put in motion. Congress was
, expressly invested with the essential power of em-
this money thus expended than prostituted to the j ploying all the means necessary for cairying into
... *'**"D 1-"' 1 1-:— fuli effect the great substantive power conferred
upon it. The constitutional provision, then, which
gives to Congress power to regulate commerce
j between the States carries with it the power to im-
prove m ers and harbors. Every express power
carries its incidental powers with it: so the power
to transport the mails carries with it the power to
make mail roads, and do all other things which
are necessary and proper to secure the transmis-
sion of the mail. The military power carried
with it the power to make military roads, as well
as supply cannon and fortifications, if equally
necessary and proper for the national defence.
destroy this power and they would destroy the '
means which alone could carry it back again and
diffuse it, like the fertilizing showers, aver the
whole country. Our navy, with Us ship-yards,
were on the seaboard; our forts and fortifications
and light-houses are all on the seaboard; and all
other sources of expenditure by this Government
were now in Mexico and other foreign lands; and,
according to this message, the interior of the coun-
try was to be severed from the benefits of all na-
tional disbursements, now and forever. He wished
gentlemen from the West to tell him how any part
of the money collected by this Government can be
expended in the interior, if the power of internal
improvement is not possessed by this Govern-
ment.
Had not this power been exercised from the
foundation of the Government to the present hour,
and where was the debt or the danger? Gentle-
men might as well tell him that there was danger
in making appropriations to build fortifications
because this power might be abused. The same
objection might be made to appropriations for the
army and the navy, for they too might be abused
and debts might be contracted. There was no
power possessed by this Government that might
not be abused by bad men; the remedy for this is
in the hands of the people. Debt was the objec-
tion raised by the President to create alarm and
deter us from making internal improvements; but
there was no difficulty about contracting debts for
other objects. Was not the President now involv-
ing the country in debt by the prosecution of his
war upon Mexico? And how much more valu-
able and important would be the disbuiscment of
the millions and tens of millions which this war
will require in the improvement of our internal
condition? For his own part he would rather see
prosecution of a war which the President had him-
self made, without consulting "Congress—the war-
making power. The President not only assumes
all powers of peace and war, but, in the message
just read, he arrogates the right to prescribe to us
our limits—"Thus far shalt thou go, and no fai-
ther." But where was the danger of debts, con-
solidation, and disunion, refeired to so often in
this message? This terrible power had been ex-
ercised from the foundation of this Government'
A power which he affirmed was as clear and un-
questionable as any other exercised by this Gov-
ernment.
tie would ask the gentleman from South Caro- i! The power of internal improvement was not, there-
lina, [Mr. Rhett,] who denied the possession of j fore, derived from one, but from several grants of
this power, where he got the power to build forts
and fortifications, and to cast cannon, and provide
munitions of war, in the Constitution? Nowhere.
But they exercised this power, because it was an
' incident to the power to raise armies. The power
to make intern \! improvements was not an express,
"hut an incidental power. Congress has the express
right conferred by the Constitution to regulate
power in the,Constitution; it was the power to
employ the means that were necessary to accom-
plish the great ends of Government. If gentlemen
would look at the decisions of the Supreme Court,
they would find this doctrine clearly laid down by
! Chief Justice Marshall on several occasions.
! He well remembered the fact which had been
0 alluded to by the gentleman from Ohio. The
commerce with foreign nations and between the !i board of internal improvement, under the act of
1824, was organized by Mr. Calhoun, then Secre-
tary of War. This board was employed several
years in making a national map, with estimates
amounting, as the President said, to more than a
hundred millions of dollars, for the use of Con-
gress, and which Congress was to take up and
carry out, selecting the most important first, from
time to time, when surplus means were on hand.
But nobody ever dreamed of incurring a debt of
one hundred millions of dollars, as was stated in
the President's message, just read-, Nor had thi«*
power ever been abused, nor could it ever be
abused; for, before any object could be entered
upon, it must receive cite approval of a majority
of the members of this House, and also of the
Senate; arid no object that was not national in its
character could ever receive this high sanction,
n this was the great security against the abuse of
this power; ancl hence he contended the danger
apprehended by the President was visionary and
groundless. Such were briefly his views of the
power of this Government over this whole subject.
He would again say that he hoped the motion of
the gentleman from Illinois would be withdrawn,
that this matter might go to a select committee, to
report on the question whether the powers over
internal improvements, comprehending our rivers
and our harbors, on the lakes and on the seaboard,
were alike to be stricken down by the Executive
arm; whether these great and salutary powers,
exercised from the foundation of the Government,
by every Congress and every President, were now
to be blotted out forever by the Presidential veto;
or whether they were to be retained, to confer, a.-*
they had conferred,countless benefits and blessings
i on our common country.
j Mr. SIMS obtained the floor.
; .Mr. BARRINGEIi appealed to him to yield to
1 a motion to adjourn,as the hour was getting late,
j [Cries of uNo, no; lot us ^settle this question
• before we adjourn !"]
| Mr. SIMS declined to yield, and proceeded to say
; it was not his purpose at this time to trouble the
: House with an argument on the constitutional
! powers of Congress over internal improvements.
; The message of the President "(he said) was of
1 a peculiar character. It arose under a peculiar
i grant of power to the President under the Consti-
I tulion, which made him, if not a part, a quasi part
of the legislative power of this country. The ad-
1 jomnment of Congress at the last session prevented
him from returning the bill with his objections;
and he had now sent in his objections at the earliest
• practicable moment. Under'this state of the case,
i while they could not vote upon the bill, Mr. S.
i considered that it would be pursuing the spirit of
! the Constitution to spread the objections of the
\ President upon the Journal, and the House could
: afterwards determine what action it would take
on the subject. He moved, therefore, to amend
the proposition of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Went worth,] so as to provide also that
. this message be spread upon the Journal.
| The SPEAKER remarked that this motion was
, not necessary, as the message of course would go
on the Journal.
I Mr. SIMS then withdrew the motion.
Mr. SCHENCK. said, he did not know that
he understood distinctly what was said by the
Chair to the gentleman from South Carolina. [Mr.
Sims,] and he would inquire, therefore, whether
, this message was to be considered in the character
of a veto message, which was to be spread upon
. the Journal, and to require the subsequent action
of the Hon&e ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands from
the Clerk there are various precedents in which
similar messages have always been spread upon
the Journal.
Mr. SCFIENCK. I question whether the pre-
, cedents are to be followed, and whether there is
not some mistake about the precedents.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to the
gentleman from Ohio, that all messages from the
President of the United States are spread upon the
Journal.
Mr. SCHENCK. So they are; but they do not
. go there to require the subsequent action of the
! House.
Mr. SCHENCK then proceeded to address the
House at some length. He said: The paper which
has just been presented from the President is of a
character so anomalous, that it is not to be won-
; dered at, Mr. Speaker, that we should have some
