38
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 15,
There is the proposed canal around the falls at the j
Sault Ste. Marie. As the settlements on Lake
Superior increase, and the great mineral wealth of
that region is more and more made available, there
is no improvement so short and easy of construc-
tion as a ship canal at that point, which would
so immensely affeet the interests of a large section
of this Union. It is not only New York, Penn-
sylvania, Ohio, Michigan, and the country gen-
erally near the lower lakes, that is to be benefited
by such a work, but through them all the com-
merce of the East, the West, and the whole coun-
try. -All will be deeply interested in clearing-from
obstruction and keeping open any such great ave-
nue of trade and travel. And yet that contem-
plated work lies all within the State of Michigan,
and would be termed local, and not within the
purview of national legislation arfd appropriation.
And there, also, is the canal around the falls of the
Ohio. It lies only in Kentucky, cutting no divi-
ding line of States. But the whole Mississippi
valley is deeply interested in that work; and the
Mississippi valley is the granary of th  Union.
Every barrel .of flour or of pork, every pound of
tobacco or of hemp, and all the rich productions
which float down the Ohio from upper Kentucky
and Indiana, from Ohio, Virginia, and Pennsylva-
nia, pay tribute to that canal. The tariff of tolls
imposed there is laid upon every package of all the
vast amount of merchandise ascending to the up-
per country, upon all the sugar, cotton, and other
staples of the South. Is not the people of the
whole wide country, as well as every farmer and
trader in the interior States, interested m having
that channel of cotfimerce made a' free national
thoroughfare? Then the navigable waters of the
Maumee river and bay,in Northwestern Ohio, they
say, mustnot be improved, because lying altogether
within the limits of my State. Yet, if the lin^s of
the States into which the Northwestern Territory
was divided had been run east and west, instead
of north and south, as they are*, or if the border
difficulty between Ohio and Michigan had been
settled otherwise than it was, improvements there
would, have been perfectly constitutional. And
yet, in one case as in the other, the same popula-
tion, the same country, the same interests would
be affected and benefited by the improvement.
Why, Mr. Speaker, in one sense every work of
internal improvement may be said to be local.
There is no disputing the truism, that every river,
every canal, eveiy road, every harbor and bay,
must be somewhere. Eut these things mast be
considered in their connections, and in relation to
the extent of country and population to be affected
by them. That is the true test; and, if considered
in that light, they are national in their character.
I know of no more judicious and wholesome use
of the treasure of the nation than to foster, en-
courage, and provide for them. Of this nationality
of a work, or an appropriation, Congress must at
last be the judge. It is the same sort of discretion
which they must exercise in every other instance
of the use of power conferred upon the legisla-
tive department; and I am sure there is nothing to
bo justly called latitudinarian or dangerous in the
opinion, as applied to this or any kindred sub-
ject. .
Sir, I have no wish, strongly as I favor this sys-
tem of internal improvements, to see appropria-
tions made for any but what I deem to be works
of really national importance and interest. Nei-
ther do I desire to see the interests of the East
and the West or the South separated, or treated
as if antagonistic to each other. On the contrary,
I deprecate any such feelings.
What I have said of rivers and harbors, applies
equally to roads and canals—if only they be
shown to he works proper''for national consider-
ation and undertaking. I am not one of those
other modern constructionists who believe that the
Constitution is not amphibious. It has life and
energy to promote the prosperity of the country
on land as well as on water—on the great table
• lands of the interior, as well as along the seacoast,
the shores of lakes, or the channels of rivers.
I would contract no debt for these woiks. My
colleague [Mr. Vinton"] has, with his usual abil-
ity, triumphantly answered that portion of the
message in which the President charges that if the
system of improvements had been pursued, as
conducted under former Administrations, the coun-
try would now have been involved m a debt of
two hundred millions. It was most clearly proved
that there has never been a party favoring inter- peditlon: perhaps he has heard of, and hunts for
nal improvements, who were willing to borrow | those Dead Sea irutts, which we are told look fair
money for conducting them. Nor is the position j; to the eye, but turn to ashes on the hp, like many
Siaken by the reply of the gentleman from Vir- I! of the iruits of the modern Democracy which he
trinia fMr. Bayly."! He instances the course of i| professes.
the several States/and says that the^ borrowed !; All the powera needed for works of ""prove-
money, expended it in improvements, and became i; ment, says the President are with the States, and
overwhelmed in debt, and in,some cases were j by them only should be exercised, if at aII, how-
ht to repudiation. Let me, in passing, here j j ever national the object. And,, as .. und;erstand lie
brought to repudiation. . .
remark, as I do most proudly, that that charge j
can never attach to my own State. Although Ohio j
has, been among the foremost in great works of j
interna] improvement, and has contracted debt for i
that purpose, she has paid the interest always on j
her bonds with entire punctuality and untarnished
argument, he seeks to prove the efficiency as well
as the propriety of this State system, as opposed
to the exercise of any power by Congress, by
pointing to the examples of "Virginia and South
Carolina and other States*whose legislation for
such purposes he cites. Sir, I wish to say nothing
n 11 iC JJUIJti Llcll 11 y allU U JI ttii iiioin/u , J.VII « — • — - - , . «
honor, and provides also a sinking fund tc| dis- ;j disparaging of any State, old or. new; to :™ke  o
.i  i- -n(| her a invidious comparisons, but it will suipnse, 1
of tax- !; know, the people of the "V
ation which may be.necessary to keep up 1
charee, as it shall be due, the principal; and her ,, invidious comparisons, uut ii win '
people are ready to submit to any burden of tax- know, the people of the West if we are to undei-
ntinn which niav be necessary to keep up her fair i'stand that the President means to enforce his view
of the better plan and system of improvement by
the example of Virginia, for instance. God bless
fame. But the gentleman from Virginia says that
because the States so involved themselves, the ^ . .
Geneial Government must have done the same; ;j the Old Dominion .     
and by that proposition he would sustain the of the best history of our common country and I
President's assertion. That is, j/the United States |; wish her all prosperity; but we can hardly be per-
She is identified with much
suaded to take her, with her abstractions upon
these great questions, and her practical working
under them, as our guide. There is not a State in
theUnion more blessed by Heaven with abundance
had borrowed money and gone in debt, why then
they would have been in debt.
But the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
RhettI is alarmed at the suggestion that a com- . . .
mittee of this House—or a home department, if li of natural resources for prosperity; but ve cannot
one should be establislmU-nught engage m the j, regard her as all instance of the best development
i collection of statistics with a view to these internal !: of those resources m her institutions and public
i improvements. And what if thatshould be done ? |! works. Perhaps it may be that we are too utih-
i It is but collecting information upon which to le- " tarian in my part of the country. Born m the
! eislate understanding^. There is no cause to fear West, and educated with the habits of thou ht
1 that inoumtion which he apprehends. There j| which prevail there, it may be that I regard too
■ needs no'domiciliary visits to learn the resources of |j highly a spirit of progressive energy, stimulating
i a country, its productions, its wants, the elements <; to the development and improvement of all^e
! of its trade and prosperity. If the power to regu- j capacities of our country pjiople^andjeanmg
i late commerce among the States is in Congress—
and it cannot be denied, for there it stands record-
ed and granted in terms in the Constitution—then
all the power to coiSeet the necessary information
for acting wisely in the exercise of such power
follows as a necessary incident. It is so in other
things. At this very time, ana for two or thiee
years past, the President has under appointment,
and in the employ of Government, at least two par-
ties— one under the direction, I remember, of Dr.
Dale Owen—making a topographical survey of the
lands in the far West—in that new proposed Terri-
tory of Minesota, and the great wilderness south
of Lake Superior. Why are they there, and how
engaged? They are ascertaining the hefghts of
mountains, the qualities of soil, seeking for beds of
ore, and studying the geological formation, as well
as the external features of that wild and distant
part of the public domain. We have had through
the Executive, and are still to have, reports of their
proceedings. I make no objection to it. Cut
whence came such power in the Executive* or in
any department of this Government, as would au- ,
! thorize expeditions of this kind ? We have power
1 to legislate, and the President has power to act, in
reference to the proper management afid disposi-
tion of the public lands. In order to legislate
wisely and judiciously, and to manage these lands
| properly, it is required to have information in re-
: gard to'them, their situation, character, and qualityi
■ The procuring by such means this information is ,
I incident to action on the main subject. But these i
; are "statistics" of which the gentleman from South j" Government so to use its conquests as to extinguish the na-
Carolina has such dread. Why, sir,-it would 1 j n? Mown. ht t An to mmI iteif °t thp be-
seem as if that gentleman could see in each one of j
. these innocent surveyors and scientific gentlemen, !■
S as he trudges through the swamps out there, or |;
| climbs the hill sides, with his barometer swung at '■
s his back, an armed enemy of our country; and !'
i when one of them, in his geological researches, goes r
; pecking with his little hammer among the rocks
; and stones to see whether he finds gneiss, or sand- i1
; stone, or lime, he frightens a strict constructionist 'i
1 as if he were battering away at the foundations of '
' our constitutional liberty! ]■
i I understand, Mr. Speaker, too, that this Presi-
: dent, so squeamish about constitutional power., |
! has sent a party of naval officers to survey, explore,
and bring home a report of the character and pecu- i (
, liarities of the shores and waters of the Dead Sea !
Well, it may be all right; but where gets he power ;
to the most liberal construction of the powers'of
the General Government. The Virginian may be
wiser who prefers to sit down and indulge rather
in speculation upon and opposition to the exercise
of what he conceives to be doubtful powers* His
political emblem, perhaps, should be Memory,
looking back upon the past, and thus, with eye
averted from her path, running a hazard of blun-
dering as she advances. I confess that I prefer,
for my State,, tfeat more cheerful goddess Hope, ,
who gazes eageily into the future, and cares little
for the past, except as it may afford firm ground
from which to leap again and more vigorously for-
ward .
PROPOSITION CONCERNING MEXICO.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, asked the
unanimous consent of the House to present and
have printed certain resolutions which he intends
to offer.
Objections were made, but the resolutions were
rejad as follows:
Whereas this Confederacy was formed for the establish-
ing a peifeet union, and piomoting the geneial welfare, it
becomes tffbse who ate intrusted with regulating the Gov-
ernment so to direct its movements a?; to perfcct that union
and advance that welfare.
And whereas the prosperity, felicity, safely, perhaps na-
tional existence, is involved in tile invasive war we are now
pro£-eeutmg against our eistei Republic of Mexico, this im-
portant consideration should lead us to the adoption of such
measures as may result in doing justice to Mexico, a fid pro-
moting the lasting welfare of the United States. There-
fore—
'Be it resolved, That it U inexpedient for the United States
overnment so to use its conquests as to extinguish the na-
tional existence of Mexico, but oo to avail ifcelf of thp vic-
tories it has achieved, as to establish bv treaty stipulations
a lasting peace with Mexico, upon the basis of an entire
fiee trade between tlf#twoKepublics, such as exist between
the seveial States of tltid Union.
Resolved, That we agree to recede all the territory we
have taken fioin Mexico beyond the Rio Grande, upon the
condition that our uitizeiii* have fiee higtess and egrcsa into
New Mexico and Upper California ; the privilege of hold-
ing land and exercising their religion, and of cairying on
trade as fully as any of the Mexican citizens of tho e prov-
inces.
Resolved, That a fin ther condition be the right of entry ana
departure of our shipping, both jhational and dome^tjc, into
and from the Mexican ports as unreal icted as in the ports
ofthe United States, with all the lights of breaking bulk,
taking in and discharging, purchasing and selling of cargoes,
as in oui own ports.
Revolved, further, That we stipulate for a right of con-
structing a railroad from the United States to the harbor
of San Diego, and to an> town in New Mexico or Califor-
nia.
Resolved, That itisrxpedinit to keep possession of the
   J o ,  °. 1 nvtvii eii) x iidi 11X7 1 .vp un m i"    - 
for that? He cannot find warrant, it seems, for i Cattle of San Juan deUlua a&" a hostage to the fulfilmentot
surveying one of our own magnificent,lakes. If the .stipulation above recited.
it be not altogether Quixotic, it would seem that The objections were insisted upon, and, the mo-
he must have some other object than the purposes : tion of Mr. Schenck prevailing,
of commerce or navigation in view in such an ex- : The House adjourned.
