40
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 16,
debating this message in the dark. Perhaps he
had heard as much of this message as others, and
perhaps from that Source, and information obtain-
ed from others, he had as good -an understanding
of it as any other gentleman; and, if he understood
the arguments and conclusions of this message, it
was now for the first time that the Executive gave
to Congress a total denial of the power—of the
power of either House, or of the two Houses com-
bined, or of the General Government in all its
branches—to make any improvements whereby
the commerce of the country should be protected
from the billows and breakers, and transported in
safety. He understood the position assumed by
the President was, that such power did not exist
in the General Government, Once he had under-
stood the President of these United States to be in
favor of improving salt-water harbors on the At-
lantic and our great rivers, and erecting light-houses
for the guidance of mariners and the protection of
our commerce. That power, however, was now
denied by this message, as he understood, not only
in the interior, but on the seaboard also. Such he
understood to be the conclusions of this message;
such were its objects and allegations. He (Mr. P.)
was not in favor of a wild and extravagant system
of improvements. He who would attempt such a
system would act rashly and imprudently; but to
deny the right to make any improvements was to
deny a right which was inalienable. Her yester-
day heard a well-known shrill voice argue on this
subject, and it seemed to him that there was no
distinction drawn between power and prudence—
between a right and the ability to exercise that
right. He desired here to draw that distinction,
and, in commenting on this message, he should
use no embittered language towards the President
of the United States. He wished to exercise an
unrestricted reason, and the right to reason with
equal freedom he readily yielded to others.
He did not understand the President of the Uni-
ted States to admit that any clause of the Constitu-
tion gave them this power. The President took
the ground in utter defiance of "such power, and
denied iis existence at all. He sent in his veto a
year ago, based on the principle of public policy—
the want of money—all the resources of this Gov-
ernment being required for the proper and prudent
management of the war with Mexico; and, if the
President had now assigned that as a reason for
not giving his assent to this bill, he (Mr. P.) would
have listened to him with deference. But when
the President told them that they had not the pow-
er to clear out "an inlet or improve a harbor, he
begged leave to say that he differed from the Pres-
ident.
He did not agree with gentlemen who had taken
part in this debate who had asserted the right, un-
der the clause conferring power to regulate com-
merce, to make artificial channels of communica-
tion. They had the power to regulate commerce
with foreign nations and between the States; and
th<£gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. RhettJ
yesterday took the ground that this power did not
confer the authority to regulate commerce, unless
it passed from one State to another. That gentle-
man said that every vessel on these rivers and the
Atlantic, of twenty tons burden, must be registered. ;
Now take an illustration. If a \essel of a hundred !
tons sailed from Louisville to Maysville, in Ken- 1
tucky, not touching Ohio at all, that need not be '
registered, according to the act of Congress. So, if*,
they passed from Cleveland to Sandusky, must !
not the vessel be registered ? No; it was not com- !
merce with foieign nations, nor between the several j
States, and this Government wo a not intrusted '
with it at all. Now, he should not insist that, by !
virtue of the clause giving power to regulate com-
merce, they had authority to improve all the har- !
bors and rivers and inlets of the country; but the '
question was, whether, by any and all of the clauses
of the Constitution, they had authority to improve
a harbor, river, lake, or inlet, for any purpose what-
ever. Becau.se one clau.se of the Constitution does
not authorize ir, it did not follow that another did
not. Had they, then, the power? It was not a
question of expediency, but of power. He was an '
advocate of prudence now, and prudence forever;
but wnat uas tiicjr powei : He believed it was /
good constitutional doctrine, fhat, whenever a sub-
ject was given in charge, alt necessary measures to '
carry it out weie rightful and proper. What was ;
necessary now, he admitted, might not be neces-
sary ten or twenty years hence. But the point to ''
which he wished to address himself was, that t| wastobedone? This was a plain and familiar illus-
where power existed in the Constitution over any ji tration, but it was one which cleaily showed that,
subject, there existed also all the necessary power, I1 if the positions now assumed were correct, in time
as an incident, to carry it out. Under what author- j] of war our cities on the seaboard might be beaten
ity had this Government erected the marble palace ;! down into ruins, because this Government pos-
yonder for the-General Post Office? .Under the sessed not the constitutional power to cut a log out
power to establish post offices and post roads. It of a nn d. And so it would be with everything else,
was necessary to have a place in which to transact \\ It was granted that they had power to make guns
the business of the Post Office Department. And j! of various descriptions; and had they not power to
again, if no power existed to employ a mail carrier, ,  transport them to such sections of the country as
because there was no specific grant of such power, \\ might require them? Must they lie where they
the authority would exist to establish post offices ;! were made ? They had certainly no constitutional
and post roads; but there would be no power to || authority to remove them, according to these mod-
carry out the business of the Post Office Depart- !■ ern constructions of that instrument, if they could
ment.
But, further, by what authority was the palace
or chateau erected in which the President lives?
By what power was the spacious temple in which
they were now assembled,built? There was no spe-
cific grant of power for "either. It was an incident
to the power tcf establish a Government. But it
appeared that this power was denied for fear of
extravagance. Expenditures must be kept within
reasonable bounds. Our predecessors erected this
stately mansion for the meetings of Congress; but,
according to the doctrine now maintained, it ought
not to have been erected. What but extrava-
gance brought those marble pillars here, and the
other marble decorations about this spacious Hall ?
Coarser material would have answered the same
purpose. Now, was it really true that they had no
power to make a building at all, lest they should
be extravagant and, involve themselves m debt?
But, in the fullness of time, when our popula-
tion shall have increased, the resources of this
country shall have been developed, and we shall
have become the greatest, the happiest, and the
wealthiest country on earth, who shall say that
this Government may not erect a temple of
gold ?
The power, he maintained, was indisputable.
Now, how were these remarks applicable to the
subject before them ? They were designed to show
that when a power was given, the means to exer-
cise that power were necessarily incidental to it.
Here, in the Constitution, in a few words, it was
said, Congress should have power to declare war;
but there was no power given to make peace.
I have nothing done by incidental power. They
. could not transport arms and enlisted men from
1 New York to Pittsburg, in Pennsylvania, and
j thence to New Orleans, by the Ohio and Missis-
j sippi rivers, for th$r<?was nothing about that in the
i Constitution. Frequently men and arms were ship-
| ped from Pittsburg down the Ohio; and suppose a
i vessel 80 employed gets " snagged," ora tree had
j fallen into the river and obstructed its passage,
I where was the constitutional power to remove the
obstruction ? Suppose this transportation and this
obstruction should occur during our war with Mex-
ico; in an emergency,, was the Government to wait
until some State authoiity should clear the course
for the passage of the vessel and our troops, that
they might meet the well-organized arms of Mexi-
co? Such a position was ridiculous, and yet live
leasonings of the message come precisely to that.
Gentlemen might say that, in an emergency, the
Government might exercise this power; but where,
he would ask them, was the grant of power? If
! this power was possessed in one-case, it was pos-
i sessed in all. This was'the inevitable consequence
i of the reasoning of those whose arguments and
! conclusions he was reviewing.
| But if this power to remove impediments exist
j at all, when shall they be removed ? Is it a ques-
| tion of time? Shall it be done when the Govern-
• ment starts its vessel, or a week before, a year, or
i twenty years? The Father of his Country had
i left them the advice "in time of peace to prepare
i for war;" and if these things could be done as an
: incident of the war power, could they not be done
when war was not upon us, in the exercise of their
Power was given to raise and maintain armies; IJ judgment, which taught them to be always ready
but where is the authority to clothe them? Was
it not necessarily indicated ? If it were not so,
how could they arm the soldiers they had the
for war? If not, by what power could they erect
barracks in time of peace? If they could' erect
barracks, could they not make roads passable,
power to raise? Must they continue to use the ;| over which their troops might pass?
old guns which were borne in the revolutionary j!
war? By what power could this Government
purchase Paixhan guns for the public servicer |
There was no such specific grant of power in the i
Constitution. How, then, could it be done by the ;
general power to raise and maintain armies? 1
Where was the power invested? Again, how'
Why might not they determine this question for
themselves? In case of a war with Great Britain,
should we not be attacked on the northeast coast,
on the St. Lawrence, and on the lakes? On that
thinly-settled and ill-protected frontier, it must be
evident to all sagacious statesmen, that the attack
must come; anij could they not now make con-
for the transportation of munitions of war?
they not now bujId batteries? Or must they
portion of the Constitution autho- !> wait until the attack leally came?
rizeri it? There is no such specific grant of power. , He understood that bills had been signed by the
But all these things were necessary appliances to >| President making appropriations for the erection
enable this Government to carry out the powers ■: and maintenance of light-houses. But under what
which it undoubtedly possessed, for they were '! authority does the President sanction appropria-
specifically given. If this modern doctrine were ;j tions for light-houses, which are to aid commerce?
correct, he would ask by wnat power given by the !j If one thing could be done to aid commerce, could
could they build large and magnificent fortifica- * tracts for t
tions? How maintain large ship-yards and build could thej
docks? What portion of the Constitution autho- !> wait until
Constitution they were enabled to move their army
from place to place ? It was by virtue of the gen-
eral war power. The war power of this Govern-
ment was unlimited. But again—another illus-
tration. This Government had large manufactures
of arms and munitions of war at Harper's Ferry
and other places; but by what power did they
transport them to the different sections of the
Union? Could they employ carts and railroads
for their transportation to the places where the
soldiers stood ready to receive them, and anxious,
with them, to defend their country? Yes, the
war power clothed them with all necessary author-
ity to use all the means requisite to accomplish the ...        
end. But there is no power, says the President, ■ the Senate announces the melancholy fact, that
by the Constitution to the General Gov- j since the adjournment of that body la?
not another thing be done too? If light-houses and
bcacons could be erected to guide commercial ves-
sels into particular channels, could not obstruc-
tions be removed from those channels to which
the vessels were directed?
Before Mr. P. had concluded—
OBITUARY.
A message was received from the Senate, noti-
fying the House of the death of Mri Senator
Speight. v
When Mr. JACOB THOMPSON rose and
said:
Mr. SrEAKEii: The message just received from
)ody last spring,
another of its members has fallen asleep to wake
no more. The Hon. Jesse Speight, late a Sen-
given .
ern ment to clear out rivers and harbors, or remove
a lo£ from a road; that this must be done fey ...      , 
the individual States. Well, suppose, then, in ; ator from the State of Mississippi, is no longer
the transmission of munitions of war through !, numbered with the living. Death has been moving
' amidst our ranks, and has thrown his sable man-
; tie over one of the most distinguished of the coun-
i try. Elevated station, personal virtues, the affec-
tion of family and friends, the confidence of con-
one of. those States which was eternally op
posing the war, it should be found that a road
was blocked up by logs—the State refusing to re-
move the obstructions, and the General Govern
point to ment without constitutional power to do it—what ;t stituents, and the active and zealous discharge of
