42
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 18,
Mr. P. read a further extract:
« In short if any one, then he himself might claim the
honor of having brought about all the great measures of
reform which the Government had recently adopted—from
the great financial measures which had been adopted, and
the improvements in ttie commercial interests of the nation,
to the annexation of Texas and the glorious display of their
arms upon the battle-fields of Mexico."
Now, surely he need not consume the time of
the House to repeat that the man who wrote this
knew it to be a falsehood. He did not understand
me so. He could not have understood me so.
No man, young or old, near me or remote from
me, could have understood me to say any such
thing. It is a miserable attempt of that paper to
traduce, vilify, and misrepresent a man who can- i! distinguished worttiii
not in everything agree with its " venerable" i! which has assembled
trash ?
Sir, had I time, and the indulgence of the House
would permit, I should like to read and comment
upon an article in this morning's Union, under the
editorial head; but I have not time. [Cries of
" Go on; go on."]
Oh, no, (said Mr. P.) However, I will say that,
after going on at some length in this article to
discuss the subject of the message, Mr. Ritchie
says, thoroughly as he understands the subject
himself, (beginning as far back as the Virginia
his moderation, wisdom, and great experience in
public affairs, are so much needed, the whole
country must deplore the sad event.
General Dromgoole commenced his political
life at an early age. But a few years elapsed after
he became eligible to a seat in the Legislature of
Virginia, before he was called upon by his native
county to represent it in that body. Since then,
with but two short intervals, he has continued in
the public service. The reputation he acquired as
a member of the House of Relegates, soon at-
tracted the attention of his district, and at the early
age of thirty-three, he was chosen to deliberate
with Madison, Monroe, and Marshall, and other
distinguished worthies, in the only Convention
in Virginia since the adop-
tion of her first constitution.
He was afterwards sent to the Senate of that
State, over which body he presided for many years
with distinguished ability, until 1835, when he
was elected to the Congress of the United States,
Here his great powers of mind have been felt
and acknowledged, and their influence may be
traced through the records of this body.
From the commencement of his political career,
he continued steadily to ascend the path to dis- j
tinction, inspiring his friends and constituents !
Mr. Polk understands it far better than he 1
terly as are his abilities, and extensive as is his
knowledge, that the President surpasses him!
Well, (said Mr. P.,) that may be a wonder to
him, but it is not to me. He (Mr. Ritchie) then
goes on with a long string; about the unconstitu-
tionality of pulling out a slick or a stone, or a snag
from the way where our army is being marched,
or where we are transporting munitions of war;
but, finally, at the tail of the article, he surrenders
the question, and begs members of Congress to do
what he (Mr. P.) said yesterday he was willing
to do. He had said he was unwilling now to vote
a dollar for such a purpose; that he was unwilling
to go on at this time, when we were involved in
war, and needed all the money we could raise, and
more, to carry it on, to vote large appropriations
even for such works of internal improvement
as he believed this Government clearly had the
power to make. He was willing to forego appro-
priations for works of this character now; but he
would not be stultified from any such source, and
told he had no right to vote for them; that this
Government had no right to make them. It did
seem that Mr. Ritchie, and perhaps those whom
he eulogizes—that the President, and many who
agreed with him, were incapable of discriminating
between power and policy, between the existence
of a power and the propriety of exercising it at
this time; and they seemed to insist that if we have
the power to do this thing, we must from neces-
sity go on now and do it, and involve the .country
in all manner of expenditure and rum. Mr. P.
thought it was not so difficult a matter to under-
stand the distinction between a power and the ex-
ercise of that power. It might not be politic or
proper to exercise it now, but he would not con-
sent that a document from the Executive should
be placed on the records of the House which would
cut them off forever from sustaining works o'f in-
ternal improvement of any kind, by denying to the
Government any power over them, without enter-
ing his protest against it. Now, how Mr. Ritchie
would report him again he did not know or care;
it was too contemptible to be noticed.
THE SOUTHERN MAIL ROUTE.
Mr. BOTTS, by general consent, introduced a
authorizing the Postmaster Gen-
resolutions of 1798, I suppose,) [a laugh,] that ! with the firm assurance that wherever he had
■ • - ■ ■ * ■ , fixed the goal of his aspirations, there his political
i life would terminate.
It would be hypocrisy in me, and at the sanie
j time useless here, to affect to- believe that Mr.
j Dromgoole was without his blemishes; but it is
l easy for those who knew him as his constituents :
! did, to forget them. Had he faults, they belonged i
to the weakness of human flesh; few ever reached
that soul, where honor, humanity, and truth,
dwelt together and worshipped. The companions
of his youth will never forgel„how ardent and sin-
cere were his attachments, and how his presence ;
would always brighten up their hearts, and wake j
up emotions of young sympathy and affection. I
The friends of his maturer years think in sadness !
of his warm and generous nature, his wise coun- j
sels, and steady friendship. His mind was more j
solid than brilliant, and its productions more fitted :
for use than (Jrnament. The influence which he j
exercised over the feelings and opinions of others, I
especially his constituents, was one of his most :
remarkable attributes. He seldom spoke in public i
from impulse; hence he was always courteous to
adversaries, and seldom indulged in abuse of them,
but was sometimes only humorously sarcastic.
The confidence of his constituents gave to his
opinions the force of oracles, and against them the j
arguments of adversaries were hurled in vain. I
| have seen him in many warm political contests,
I and never knew him to lose the equilibrium of his
temper and his perfect self-possession. His cool-
! ness, and real and unaffected confidence in his own
I power and superiority, would often workii is adver-
j sary into a rage, who would expend his energies in
I fits of desperation, and fall at last, apparently by the
I blows of his powerful antagonist, but in fact over-
| come by his own vehemence and extravagance. I
i have sometimes been opposed in these contests to
i this extraordinary man. These occasions never
i failed to give rise to reflections on the wonderful
i influence by which, apparently without much
■ effort on his part, he controlled the action of
J others. Circumstances conspired, in the com-
| mencement of his public life, to give the subject
of my remarks a favorable position among his
fellow-men. His father, a native of Ireland, was
one of the earliest settlers in his district. His
joint resolution authorizing the Postmaster Gen- | was the voluntary duty to publish from his pulpit
erai to renew his engagement with the Richmond ; hls ™,s eon«egat.on8 the Deck,-at,on of
and other railroadsf which was read a first and j American Independence. As a minister of the
second time, and referred to the Committee on the ^osPe1' ,e h.a* e(lu?'s ln the P.owe™ °f,a
oti-nno- nnfnmmtP ppf* find tAHr Aninvpr friths
down, a twilight rests over the district, by which
we may trace on the tablet of every heart the
character of Edward Dromgoole. The virtues
of the father stood as a guarantee for the promises
of the son, until his own great abilities changed
doubt into assurance, and finally obtained from his
country judgment for the attributes of a pure pa-
triot and an able statesman.
I have alluded to the great weight of his opinions
with his constituents. The present political posi-
tion of the country had filled their minds, as it has
the minds of all, with the most fearfu^apprehen-
sions about the future fate of this great Con fed eracy.
Prom him they expected to learn what might be
the probable result of that extraordinary issue be-
tween the North and the South, about to be tried
at the bar of this House. I have heard his reply-
to questions that would be asked him about this
controversy—a reply that should sink deep in
the hearts of politicians. It was, that he never
doubted there still remained sense and virtue
enough in the body of the people to adhere to the
compact of their fathers and preserve this Union,
The love of this Union was a passion with this
distinguished man, and his faith in the continuance
and prosperity of this Confederacy was such as no
danger or crisis could shake.
* The diminished majority by which he waselect-
ed-to the present Congress would seem, to those
at a distance, to indicate that he had lost ground
with his party. No fears were ever entertained of
his election, and it was well understood in his dis-
trict that numbers of his friends withheld their
votes with the kind intention of merely trying the •
chastening effect of a small vote and seeming indif-
ference. But few ever doubted that he was the
decided favorite of his district; and had every po-
litical friend of his been impressed with the belief
that his vote was necessary, I hazard nothing in
saying he would have been returned by a majfflRty
of eight hundred votes.
Mr. Speaker, I am sure no one is disposed to
regret the little time I have occupied in endeavor-
ing to give a short and imperfect sketch of the life
and character of this justly distinguished man. In
a few days more, sir, judging from the signs of
the times, this House will be torn by every pas-
sion that can conspire to destroy the wisdom of its
deliberations and contribute to a country's ruin. _ '
It may have a salutary effect, and mitigate in
some measure the ferocity of the war, to pause
awhile and bend for a short space over the grave
of one who, a few months ago, was himself ac-
tively engaged in the political conflicts which even
then threatened the peace of the country. That
voice which was then so often .heard above the
storm, and never unheeded, is now hushed in
death. So must the passions which now disturb
the bosoms of his survivors fret their brief hour,
and finally subside in the silence of the grave.
What I have said, Mr. Speaker, about this
gifted man was no less due to his own high char-
acter and extraordinary qualities, to this House,
of which he was so long a distinguished m.ember,
than to the deep affection and abiding confidence
of Ins constituents, who believe that his country,
like themselves, with a single tear will wash away
the remembrance of his faults, while with proud
and lofty emotions she may Contemplate in his
character that " noblest work of God, an honest
Post Office and Post Roads.
OBITUARY,
Mr. MEADE, of "Virginia, rose and said:
Mr. Speaker: In obedience to an honored cus
torn, I rise to bring to the notice of this House an
event which has already been announced to the
public—I allude to the death of the Hon. George
C. Dromgoole, of Virginia, a late member of this
House. He died on the 27th day of April last,
at his residence in the county of Brunswick, a few
days after he had received intelligence of his re-
election to Congress. His loss would have been
sensibly felt at any period of his public life; but
at this time, when, amidst the violence of party,
strong native intellect; and few ever enjoyed to the
same extent the love and affection of his people,
who placed in him that implicit confidence which
nothing but an irreproachable-life can inspire. For
jnore than fifty years he labored to raise his fellow-
men to the same elevated platform on which he
stood himself. He lived to an advanced age, ex-
hibiting to the«close of his life the rare Instance of
one who united in himself every human excel-
lence. A few years only have elapsed since he
left trs. The sun of his evening life long lingered
on the horizon, and often would the traveller turn
an anxious look to the west, to see how much
longer would the mellow rays of that unspotted
light fall upon his path. And since it has gone
man.
Mr. M. concluded by moving the following
resolutions:
Resolved, That this House deeply regrets tlie death oftlie
Hon. Georoe C. Dromgoole, a late member of the House
from the State of Virginia.
Resolved, That the members and officers of this House
will testify their respect tor the memory of the deceased by
wearing the usual badge of mourning for thirty days.
Resolved, That these resolutions be communicated to the
nearest relatives of the deceased.
Ri-i.olve<J, That, as a ftirther mark of re&pect, this House
do now adjourn.
The resolutions were unanimously adopted, and
the House adjourned. *
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, December 18, 1847.
Mr. HUNT, by unanimous consent, presented
a preamble and resolution of the Legislature of the
State of New York, in favor of the construction of
a railroad from Lake Michigan to the Pacific Ocean,
in the Territory of Oregon, on the plan proposed
by Mr. Asa Whitney. Referred to the Commit-
tee on Roads and Canals, and ordered to be printed.
