M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 18,
substitute proposed by tiie committee, preferring ;! others with some attention—the speeches of gen-
the original proposition of the Committee on !l tlemen who were considered statesmen—and he
Rules. He differed with gentlemen who said that
discussions on any question had no effect on the
House. He did not think so; and he thought they
had the ordinary effect which discussions have in
deliberative bodies. He knew his own views had
been often modified by the expression of the views
of other gentlemen on this floor; but if it was true,
as gentlemen had said, that a great mass of speech-
es made there were to go abroad, he did not know
•why they should listen to what -was not designed
to affect them there, but to operate on people a
thousand miles off. Gentlemen could effect the
same purpose by writing out their speeches and*
sending them home without consuming the time
of the House with their delivery. There were,
however, cases in which it was essential that a
longer time than one hour should be allowed. For
instance, the chairman of the Committee on Ways
and Means, when he brought in the appropriation
bills, should not be so restricted. JNTo man in one
hour could explain the provisions of those bills. The
same remark would apply to other gentlemen on the
introduction of important bills, though the excep-
tions to the rule should be rare, for those speeches
were the best which were confined to the limit of
one hour. If, however, the substitute were adopted
as proposed, gentlemen would have as much trou-
ble to fill up one hour and a MHf as many of them
had now to occupy one hour, for-they would be
bent on occupying all the time allotted to them, cer-
tainly not to the edification of the House. There 1
were very few gentlemen who understood the ques-
tion on which they spoke that could not present
their views in one hour.
Mr. MORSE desired to express his opinion on
the subject before the House, and that was, that
from the experience which he had had in two
Congresses, he was satisfied that the hour rule
was the best on the statute book. He was in favor
of the amendmentof the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Pollock,] for reasons which had been
urged against it. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. C. B. Smith] had told them, that if the one-
hour rule were retained, gentlemen would feel
themselves under some obligation to fill up the
entire hour with debate. Well, and did not that
gentleman see, that if they made an hour and a
half the standard, they would immediately have
fifty per cent, more useless discussion by gentle-
men who talk for Buncombe? If gentlemen of
reputation think they cannot talk less than an hour
and a half, every other gentleman who rises would
feel under the necessity of consuming the same
time, for fear his constituents might think he was
not able to make so long a speech as the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations or Ways
and Means. In his judgment, it was better that
fifty gentlemen should express their opinions one
hour each, than that their ablest men in this body,
or at the other end of the Capitol, should consume
all the time. The difference of views was often as
great as the difference of physiognomy. Each
gentleman took a different view, and each one, as
the representative of seventy thousand freemen,
should be at liberty to express his views. What
was this body? It was nothing but a great forum,
-where national questions were'discussed, the sub-
sequent decision being made by the people of the
United States. The effect of this had been exhib-
ited in a memorable instance. A year or two ago
they saw that the opinion of the people on the
Oregon question was decidedly in favor of 54 40;
but the subject became the matter of discussion
here; the minds of able men were engaged in its
examination; and the result was, that public opin-
ion was reversed; 49 was agreed to—the people
approving of that line as a settlement of that im-
portant controversy. But did-the House suppose
that if gentlemen had been allowed to occupy three
or four hours, and p,erhaps days, that half as much
matter as was sent forth would have gone before
the people? Certainly not.
But there was another point of view in which
this matter should be looked at. The character of
.American eloquence had been deeply injured by j
the loose way of speaking which had prevailed I
there. • [
He desired, as a statesman, to see it corrected. |
Gentlemen had argued that it was impossible to
acquit themselves properly m one hour. Now he
had sever found it necessary to speak more than
one -hour; he had also watched the speeches of
; had scarcely ever heard any for which one hour j
i would not; have been sufficient, if all had been
1 omitted which ought not to have been delivered. j
He had listened also to the debates in the French j
Chambers, and the British House of Lords and |
Commons—he had heard the speeches of Sir Rob-
ert Peel, Lord Stanley, the Earl Grey, and other
distinguished statesmen, on very important sub-
jects, and there, in the legislature of a nation hav-
ing its armies and territories in every part of the
globe, in the course of two years, he rarely ever
heard a speech exceed forty or fifty minutes. But
here every subject on every occasion must be dis-
cussed at immoderate length, and a morbid taste
was generated throughout the land. If, then, he
repeated, the standard were fixed at one hour and
a half, they -would have speeches an hovtr and a
half long, being one half hour longer than for the
last Tew years. But if it were unlimited, the result
would be that some few gentlemen who stood high
as leaders and distinguished men, would consume
two or three days, and his word for it, every gen-
tleman who desired to stand well before his con-
stituents, would imitate the example, for that
would be considered as the standard of worth in
Congress.
He did not desire to trespass upon the time of
the House. He had never occupied more than
one hour at a time for the four years he had been
in Congress, and he would repeat, that an hour
would be sufficient if gentlemen could be called to
order when they went beyond the subject-matter
under discussion. He was therefore' opposed to
this proposition to add half an hour to the one hour.
He was opposed to it because it had ajl the disad-
vantages and none of the advantages of the hour
rule. The strongest argument in favor of the one-
hour rule was found in the fact that both political
parties of the country, at different times when in
the majority they came to carry out the measures
which they had been elected to accomplish, had
found it necessary to adopt it and stand by it. It
was almost impossible for the great parties to agree
to and unite on any one subject, how trifling or
great soever it might be,-but here one had been
found on which they had united, for they had
found it absolutely necessary to place some limit
debate. A small minority, if there were no
limit, could occupy much of the time of the House;
but he desired by his vote to carry out the prin-
ciple which had tieen established; and he should
even prefer a limit of forty minutes to one hour.
Mr. WICK said that debate in this Hall had
three objects. The first, and what might appear
the most important,, had reference to its operation
on the House. The second, and what might per-
haps by some be styled not so legitimate an object
of debate, had reference to its effect on the public
a't large, or, as they there said, on the country.
And lastly, it had reference to their personal
rights, and the personal self-estimate of the indi-
vidual members of the House themselves. He
wished to say a few words on each of these points.
Debate had sometimes a slight effect on the
opinions of this House. It sometimes brought
members, lie supposed, to pause and reflect—it
stopped their career of thought and purpose; but
to suppose that it convinced men that they were
wrong, as to radical principles, was to suppose
what had no existence whatever. The sole effect
which debate had on individual members of the
House was that which he had already mentioned—
it stopped the career of thought, it set them right
about facts, and might to some extent influence
their hastily formed reflections; and therefore, as
to the effect of debate, it was not so important as
I might be imagined. But the members of this
[ House were the representatives of a great republi-
'■ can people, who were taking an inteiest in all that
passes here, where political schemes, thoughts,
imaginings, ideas, were in a manner brought forth
and thrown onsthe country for consideration,
i This had grown into a usage of the people, be-
J cause they imagined their representatives were
| wiser than they. In the administration of public
| affairs, the idea would seem to be improper that
! any appeal should be made to the people at home;
j but it was otherwise. The people look here for
I ideas, arguments, matters on which the mind may
j operate, and by which to settle the judgment on
| public concerns.
i And, sir, as I think, and have said in substance,
that an hour is sufficient for any gentleman to
throw out suggestions calculated in their character
to bring minds here to pause, to bring them to re-
flect upon conclusions which they may have
hastily adopted, so also I think the hour rule, or
something like it, is important in reference to the
effect of debate upon the country at large; and I
will give a reason why. There are many; I will
content myself with one. I will not suppose that
there is any member of this House who imagines
that he is emphatically one of the " old salts" ap-
pertaining to this Hall; that wisdom will die with
him; and that we, the others, who confessedly be-
j long to the "small fry," ought to subscribe for
their speeches, and send them out to the people,
giving them the endorsement of our names and our
| franks. I will not suppose this; it would be in-
[ decorous. But I will say this, for the considera-
| tion of all: that while we are attempting to oper-
ate upon public opinion, it is a fact that the people
will read a speech made by their own immediate
S Representative with more readiness, more favor
| and satisfaction, than they will the speech of a
; much greater man whom they know nothing
1 about. So far, then, as the object is'to operate on
J public opinion by debates in this House, that ob~
I ject can be much better effected by giving to as
i many as possible opportunity to address the House
on any given subject.
j But I said also that this subject has reference to
| the pro-privm, the individual and personal interest
I of members themselves. And it is; and if he be a _
! new member who wishes an opportunity to disbur-
| den his mind of the reflections of many months,
| and throw them into a tangible-form for his con-
stituents to read, I will advise him thus early that,
if he does not vote the hour rule, he will find him-
self in a most glorious mistake. Old members,
who have long been here, and whom all the wcrld
admit to be capable of making the best imagiiffeble
speeches, are best known to the Speaker, and he
will give them a kind of preference; and, therefore,
if those of us less known, less famous for abilities,
want to take part in the debates of this body, we
must vote for the hour mle, and may be we will
have half a chance. I advise gentlemen, then, m
reference to their proprium, that they had better
provide for the evil day. At the last Congress I
sat here for twenty-nine days, every day some five,
six, seven, or eight times jumping from,my seat
and calling "Mr. Chairman !" at the top of my
voice. On the twenty-ninth day, at four and a
half o'clock, post meridian, I at last got the floor.
Everything had been said; nothing had been left of
argument; and so I had to make some fun; and,
when it went home in the shape of fun, some of my
constituents I believe, thought I had been induced
to trifle with too grave a subject.
Lest it might seem that the hour rule would le-
gitimately bear upon him, (although it never had—
the Speaker's hammer had never fallen upon him—
he had always found lime to say all he wanted to,
and close before the hour did). Mr. W. said he
would now yield the floor'.
Mr. HOLMES said he did not rise to make an
hour speech upon the hour rule, in this dense at-
mosphere. He rose with a far different purpose.
He w^s in hope that they might enjoy an hour's
pure atmosphere on the first pure day God had
given us for some time. He therefoie moved that
the House adjourn.
[Cries of "Oh no, oh no;" "Yes, yes."]
The question being taken, the House, by a small
majority, refused to adjourp.
Mr. THOMPSON, «f Pennsylvania, (very in-
distinctly heard,) was understood to say, he was
free to confess that the report of the committee did
not come up to his expectations. He expressed
his dislike at the proposition to lengshen the period
limited for debate. Give three hours'limitation,
'! and it was no trouble for gentlemen to occupy it.
II Let him ask how many people listened to discus-
;! sions heie. Why, this Hall was a great business
Si room, a place to write letters to their constituents,
11 to draw bills of exchange, to settle accounts, and
11 to do business. He proposed that these desks be
: all removed. Give them a row of seats, where each
! gentleman should respectfully sit with his hat in
!i his hand, and m place of writing and doing all sorts
ij of business, they would do nothing in the world
jj but listen; and that was the very thing which they
; wanted. It had been said that the British Parlia-
I; ment controls itself, and keeps order through a
!! system of this kind. There is a table seated in
