1B47.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47
the centre, at which the member speaking stands;
rows of seats are placed around for the members.
They listen to the speaker whNe he interests them;
the very moment his interest ceases, the confusion
of the hall stops him at once. • Would it not be so
here? They jnust listen; they'could not write;
they must deliberate. If some facilities for writing
were needed, a row of writing-desks might be
placed around on the outside next the bar. Mr.
T. urged this mode .as the most feasible one by
which' the House could preserve order, regulate its
debate, and expedite its business.
Is it not rather a ridiculous thing (said he) that
reason should be measured'by minutes and sec-
onds—its convincing qualities should depend on
its length ? -Why, sir, the member addressing the
House under this rule is always in an unpleasant
dilemma. He meditates what he intends saying;
tor accomplish it he urges with all speed and under
steam pressure so as to he heard; the iron hand of
the'clock moves steadily on, and its iron heart
beats regardless of many an imploring look to
delay but for a moment. "But it heeds him not;
and when about to utter something that would
convince the judgment and astonish the world,
down comes the Speaker's hammer in its midst,
and the contemplated light is forever extinguished
—lost to the world. I have seriously reflected on
this subject; I could not consent to abolish the
hour rule without removing these desks. As a
matter of economy it is a great reform; and I tell
the gentleman from North Carolina, who is always
in the Hall of economical reform, remove the desks
and you shorten the session two months and save
twenty thousand dollars of public money. But I
will not trespass further, having stated my views
thus briefly.
Mr. T. gave notice that he would move, at the
proper time, the amendments indicated by him, if
not reported by the committee. ■>
Mr. GOGGIN was understood, in a word, to
say that the hour rule had worked most admira-
bly; and, with a view to move to adopt it and the
rules as they had before stood, he moved that the
whole report of the Committee on the Rules be
laid.on the tabic.
Mr. HOUSTON, 6f Alabama, inquired of the
Speaker if the question could be _divided ? He
"Was willing to vote to lay the first proposition on
the table, but wished some of them to be adopted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would inquire of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. C. J. In-
GERSotL] who reported this, whether the report
was intended to be considered as a whole or in
part?
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. Oh, in part, surely.
The SPEAKER. Then the question is on lay-
ing the first proposition on the table.
Mr. GOGGIN. That is not my motion; my
motion is to lay the whole subject on the table.
The SPEAKER. "The whole subject is not
now under consideration. The report having been
made in separate parts, the motion only acts on
the first. ""
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. I wish to ask a ques-
tion of the Chair. I wish the Speaker to infornj
the House whether, if you lay this first proposi-
tion on the table without passing upon it, the hour
rule is not repealed ?
The SPEAKER, The hour rule is not in ex-
istence now; of course it cannot be repealed.
Mr. GOGGfN adhered to his motion.
^Th'e SPEAKER announced the question to be
on the motion of the gentleman from Virginia to
lay the first proposition on the table.
lyir. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, said that,
after this question was decided, he would move
that the House adjourn, with $ view to offer on
Monday the proposition which he had indicated.
The question was then taken on Mr. Goggin's
motion to lay on the table, and decided in the neg-
ative.
So the motion was lost.
The question recurring on Mr. Pollock 's amend-
ment to the amendment of the committee,
Mr. BRODH BAD demanded the previous ques-
tion.
_ Mr. COBB. On what will "the previous ques-
tion, if sustained, operate? *
The SPEAKER. On the first proposition only.
The Chair has already decided that all motions
operate only upon the first proposition.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I wish to inquire if tb§
previous question, if sustained, would not bring
the House first to a vote on the amendment of my
honorable colleague, (Mr. Pollock.)
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
The'demand for ,the previous question was sec-
onded, and the main question ordered; which main
question was on the amendment moved by Mr.
r0LL0CK, viz: Strike out from the amendment re-
ported by the committee the words * and a half,"
so as to prevent any member from occupying more
than one hour in debate.
This amendment being agreed to, the question
then recurred on the amendment reported by the
committee, as thus amended, viz:
" No member shall occupy more than one hour in debate
on any question in the House, or in Committee; buta mem-
ber reporting the measure under consideration from a com-
mittee may open and cJose the debates provided, that where
debate )$ closed by order of the House, any member shall be
allowed in committee five minutes to explain any amend-
ment he may offer.''
v And this amendment, as amended, was agreed
%
The question then recurred on adopting the
amendment as one of the rules of the House.
The question was decided by tellers; ayes 118,
noes not counted.
So the amendment was made the thirty-third
rule of the House.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said he was instructed
by the committee to move that the substitute first
reported for the hour rule be struck out. Agreed to.
The second amendment was read as follows:
"2. After any biH, resolution, or other matter is entered
on the calendar, any member may register his name with the
Clerk as intending to debate the same; and when such bilj,
resolution, or other matter is under consideration, the
.Speaker or Chairman shall call on each member to speak,
m an order to be settled by lot, under the direction of the
Speaker; provided that tjie member who reported the same
from any committee of the House may, at his option, open
and close the debate."
The question was put, and the amendment dis-
agreed to.
The third amendment was read as follows:
" 3. Members may address the House or Committer from
the Clerk's desk, or from a place near the Speaker's chair."
The amendment was agreed to.
The fourth amendment was read as follows:
"4. The Speaker shall not enterfain a motion to suspend
the rules of the House, at any time, except on Monday of
e very week, and except during the last ten days of the ses-
sion ; provided nothing herein contained shall be construed
to alter so much of the 133d rule as provides as tollows:
{The House may, at any timg, by a vote of a majority of the "
'members'present, suspend the rulesand orders for the pur-
' pose of going into Committee of the Whole House on the
'state of the Union; and, also, for providing for the dis-
< charge of the committee from the further consideration of
1 any bill referred to it, after acting, without debate, on all
'amendments pending, and that may be offered.'"
Mr. "WOODWARD moved to amend the above
so as to make the rule read—
"Except during the last ten days of the session, the
Speaker shall not entertain a motion to suspend the rules of
the House at aii^ time except on Monday of every week;
provided," &e.
Mr. Woodward's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, suggested some
other modification in this proposed amendment to
the rules reported by the committee.'
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL replied that it was
merely a copy of one of the rules of the House.
Mr. STUART not persisting in his modifica-
tion—
The fourth rule as amended was adopted.
The fifth rule was then read as follows:
" 5. Whenever the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, or the Committee of the Whole House find*?
itself without a quorum, the chairman shall caus^the roll of
the House to be called, and thereupon the committee «.hall
rise, and the chaiiman shall report the names of the absent-
ees to the House, which shall be entered oifthe Jourhal."
It was agreed to.
The sixth proposed rule was read as follows:
" 6. In Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
all business shall be considered and concluded in the order
of reference" to them by the House, except general appro-
priation bills, arid, in time of war, bills for raising money or
men, and bills concerning a tieaty of peace, which may be
preferred at the discretion of the committee."
Mr. COLLAMER moved to amend the rule by ;
adding between the word u Union" and the words 1
" all business," after the first line, the words "and ;
the Committee of the Whole House," so as to ■
make it apply to the Committee of the Whole on 1
the Union ana the Committee of the Whole House.
Whereupon some conversation took place be- !
tween Messrs. COLLAMER, ROCKWELL of
Connecticut, SIMS., BARRINGER, C. J. IN- :
GERSOLL, and STANTON, as to the precise
form in which this rule should be placed, and as to
its consistency with others.
Mr. BARR.INGER warmly urged the adoption
of the rule prohibiting1 motions for suspension of
the rules except Mondays and tfye last ten days of
the session; and also the rule providing that the
calendar shall be called and bills taken up in their
order in committee. ThfTformer would save niucli
time. He had seen for week after week and month .
after month the whole morning hour, and perhaps
two or three hours each day, consumed in making
motions to suspend the rules, a motion which had
become so common as to be considered almost a
test vote. The latteralsowouldexpedite business
and prevent great consumption of time by motions
to take up bills out of their order. <
Mr. Collamer's amendment was agreed to, and
then the amendment reported by the committee
was agreed to, as thus amended.
NBW RULES ADOPTED.
The following are the new rules, as above sev-
erally adopted:
No member shall occupy more than one hour in debate
on any question in the House or in committee; but a mem-
ber reporting the measure under consideration from a com-
mittee may open and close the debate ; provided, that where
debate is closed by order of the House, any member shall
be allowed in committee five minutes to explain any amend-
ment he may offer.
Members may address the House or committee from the
Cleik's desk, or fiom a place near the Speaker's chair.
Except during the last ten days of the session, the Speaker
shall not entertain a motion to suspend the rules of the
House, at any time, except on Monday of every week; pro-
vided nothing herein contained shall he construed to alter
so much of the 133d rule as provides as follows: "The
House may, at any time, by a vote of a majority of the
members present, suspend the rules and orders for the pur-
pose of going into the Committee of the Whole House on
the state of the Union ; and, also, for providing for ihe dis-
charge of the committee from the further con«ideraiion of
any bill referred to it, after acting, without debate, on all
amendments pending, and that may he offeicd."
Whenever the Committee of the Whole on the slate of
the Union, or the Committee of the Whole House, finds it-
self without a quorum, the chairman shall cause the roll of
the House to be callcd, and thereupon the committee shall
rise, aud The chairman shall report the names of the absent-
ees to the House, which shall be entered on the Journal.
In Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and the Committee of the Whole House, all business shall
be considered and concluded in the order of reference to
them bythe House, except general appropriation bills, and,
in time of war, bills for raising money or men, and bills
concerning a tieatdfef peace, which may be preferred at
the discretion of tfi^c'ommittee.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
The seventh proposed rule was then read as fol-
lows:
<c7. In addition-to the other standing committees of the
House, there shall be one called the Smithsonian Commit-
tee, whose duly it shall be to superintend the affairs of the
Smithsonian Institution."
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL expressed a desire to
postpone the consideration of this rule to a future
day.
Mr. HILLIARD said he desired to occupy
about ten minutes of the time of the House on
this subject at this time. He thought this was the
precise occasion on which a few words should be
said.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL had no objection; but
as the other rules had been disposed of, he wished
to defer this for the present.
Mr. HILLIARD undertook to move the post-
ponement to a day certain, and then proceeded as
follows:
Mr. Speaker: It so happens, that I am the only
member of the Board of Regents of the Smith-
sonian Institution now entitled to a seat on this
floor. It is important to secure the good will of
the country in hehalf of an enterprise so elevated
$—one might say, so sublime.
There exists some misconception in regard to
the Institution, and idle rumors are afloat which
may affect it injuriously. Scientific establishments
are not to go out and court popularity, but they
must not be indifferent to public sentiment. Be-
fore entering upon the stormy and engrossing de-
bates m which we shall presently be engaged, I
desire, by a simple statement of facts, to give the
House a view of the history, condition,and plans
t)f an institution which so strongly appeals to us
for protection.
Mr. Smithson's bequest was a noble one. He
gave his whole property to found at the city of
Washington " an establishment for the increase
and diffusion of knowledge among men." Amer-
ica was selected as the fieild for so wide and benefit
