48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 18.
cent a design. Young, vigorous, rapidly increas-
ing in numbers, this country afforded the best
ground upon which to rest an establishment which
was designed to enlighten mankind.
Entering into the spirit of this bequest, Congress
passed an act making the most liberal provision
foe carrying it into practical effect. The whole
sum, with its accumulated interest, was turned
over to the establishment created by the act, com-
posed of the President and Vice President of the
United States, the Secretary of State, the-Secretary
of the Treasury, the Secretary of War, the Secre-
tary of the Navy, the Postmaster General, the
Attorney General, the Chief Justice, and the Com-
missioner of the Patent Office of the United States,
and the Mayor of the city of Washington, during
the time for which they shall hold their respective
offices, and such other persons as they may elect
honorary .members. The sum amounted to five
hundred and fifteen thousand one hundred and
sixty-nine dollars, and a further sum of two hun-
dred and forty-two thousand one hundred and
twenty-nine dollars, being the accumulated inter-
est upon that sum since it came into possession of
the Government. The principal sum was forever
to remain untouched, the interest was appropria-
ted to the erection of the building and incidental
expenses. The building to be erected was to meet
the provisions of the act, which required it to con-
tain suitable rooms or halls for the reception and
arrangement, upon a liberal scale} of objects of nat-
ural history, including a geological and mineralogi-
cal cabinet; also, a chemical laboratory, a library,
a gallery of art, and the necessary lecture rooms.
Another section provides that, in proportion as
suitable arrangements can be made for their recep-
tion, all objects of art, and of foreign and curious
research, and all objects of natural history, plants,
and geological and rmneralogical specimens, be-
longing or hereafter to belong to the United States,
which may be in the city of Washington, shall be
delivered to the care of the institution, and so class-
ed and arranged as best to facilitate the examina-
tion and study of them in the building to be erect-
ed. This at once empties the great Hall of the
Patent Office, three hundred and fifty feet long, of
• its contents. It must be at once seen that the
Smithsonian building ought, if it is to accommo-
date these great and vaiious objects, to be of ample
dimensions. This building, to^was to be erect-
ed without delay. The sue was to be selected
u forthwith<$ and so soon" as that was done, the
Board was to proceed with the erection of the
building.
ThefBoard of Regents faithfully studied the will
of Mr. Smithson, and the law creating the estab-
lishment. ,
Two things were to be accomplished. First, to
increase knowledge by original research; and then,
second, to diffuse it by suitable and efficient agen-
cies; or, in the language of the venerable and dis-
tinguished gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Adams,] " to spread knowledge throughout the
world.5'
The task devolved by Congress on the Regents
was no light one. They were called on to organ-
ize and set on foot this establishment, so beneficent
in its conception, so comprehensive in its design.
The act of Congress prescribed certain parts of the
plan, and left the other parts to be devised by the
Board of Regents. That- part of the plan which
was embraced in the act of Congress had almost
exclusive reference to the diffusion of knowledge.
The means which provide for the increase have
been supplied by the Regents.
We have been charged with being wildly ex-
travagant—-laying out large sums in purchasing
old books. A story has been circulated that we
paid $2,500 for an old and rare copy of the Bible.
Now, sir, no man loves the Bible more than I do,
but i could not have consented to an expenditure
of that sort. I dare say no one member of the
Board ever dreamed of such an expenditure.
Again, some have charged us with being too
utilitarian, confiningoui operations to an improve-
ment of the physical condition of mankind.* We
have certainly endeavored, in our plan of organ-
isation , to provide for the entire wants of mankind,
and to meet the spirit of the age. We have
brought into our service a gentleman who stands
in the front rank of the science of the country—I '
meaff Professor Henry, formerly of Princeton.
His name is well known in Europe, and is asso-
ciated with that of Farraday, and Arago, and i
Quatalet. I have before me the plan of organiza-
tion adopted for the operations of the institution,
to which I desire to call the attention of the House,
but which, (as Mark Antony said on a much.more
important occasion, about the will of Caesar,) par-
don me, I do not intend to read. I wish every
gentleman injhe House would read it, for it would
receive on all sides a warm and generous sup-
port.
I desire to submit a few remarks in regard to our
building. We were authorized by Congress to
expend $240,000<in its erection; but, in view of
the wide field"t>f knowledge to be cultivated, the
Regents resolved to save a part of this sum and add
it to the principal. Keeping In view the great in-
terests to be provided for. it was resolved to erect
a building of proportions sufficiently ample to meet
the requirements of the act of Congress, and of a
style which should not offend the eye. This has
been effected, a contract has been entered into, and
a plan of expenditure agreed upon, which, white
the building is gradually constructed, will carry
out the plan to full completion, and at the end of
five years from the time of its commencement. So
far from having expended the sum appropriated by
Congress for the purpose, we shall have, after
erecting the structure, providing for its warming
and ventilation, and the enclosure of the grounds,
$140,000 to return to the principal sum. In the
mean while we are carrying on the operations of
the institution, stimulating original researches,
publishing contributions to science, and gradually
increasing our library. At the same time we pay
our debts as we go on This is, of course, accom-
plished byusing'the interest on the $240,000 for
the building and the annually accruing interest on
the principal fund for meeting the regular expenses
of the institution.
The Transactions of the present year are highly
interesting, and will soon be published in a volume
which will compare well with similar publications
in Europe.
With the building* so far it has gone, all paid
jj for and every debt discharged, we shall have at
the end of the year $10,000 more than we received
from Congress.
Is there any necessity for a standing committee
of this House? How is the Board of Regents
composed? The act of Congress declares that it
shall be constituted of the Vice President of the
United States, the Chief Justice of the United
States, the Mayor of the city of Washington,
three members of the Senate, three members of
the House of Representatives, together with six
other peisons not members of Congress. Each
House of Congress, it will be perceived, has three
members of the Board of Regents; and it is re-
quired by law that the Board shall submit to Con-
gress at each session a report of the operations,
expenditures, and condition of the institution.
At the last session, I presented a full report
;j according to law, which I now have before me; it
jj was printed and circulated. Another report is
H'about to be presented, embracing the report of the
'] building committee, a paper containing some three
i: hundred pages, full of useful information, which
i > f should be happy to see printed. Is it then neces-
\\ sary to appoint a committee? Is it proper? Is it
, becoming? A committee of this House appointed
j! " to superintend the affairs of the Smithsonian
Institution !" This committee will bring under its
I supervision the Vice President of the United States,
the Chief Justice, three Senators, thiee Repre-
sentatives, and six citizens at large, selected because
of their character and attainments. May I most
( respectfully ask, who will superintend the affairs
: of that committee of five? Where is the necessity
II for thus complicating the machinery of an iosti-
ji tution which ought to be left to enjoy the repose
i; which science loves?
i, I hope, sir, that this institution, so important to
i, this countiy and to mankind, will not be launched
i, on the ever-heaving sea of politics. If that should
1 happen, we should soon lose sight of land; storms
'| and shipwreck would await us, and the hopes
/ which crowned our noble enterprise in its com-
J- mencement would perish with us.
• | I thank the House for the attention with which
, they have heard these remarks; it evinces the in-
terest which they feel m an institution which claims
i their protection.
Mr. H. concluded by moving to lay the pro-
posed rule on the table.
Mr. A. JOHNSON said he thought he under-
stood the agreement between the gentleman from
Alabama and the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
be, that this subject should be postponed to a day
certain.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. My suggestion was,
that the consideration of the subject be postponed
to any given day, which the gentleman from Ala-
i bama might name.
j Mr. HILLIARD. I have no choice at all, sir.
j Mr. INGERSOLL indicating his wish that the
; gentleman from Alabama should name the day,
1 Mr. HILL1ARD said he would move, if agree-
able to the House, that it be postponed to this day
' twelve months.
Mr. A. JOHNSON addressed the Chair, and
inquired if thai motion was not debatable ?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL suggested to Mr. Bil-
liard that his understanding was that it should
be postponed to some day not distant, when the
House could reach and dispose of it.
Mr. HILLIARD said he would withdraw the
motion, as he preferred the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania should make his own motion.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from Penn-
i sylvania had not the floor to make the motion.
| The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. A. Johnson]
! had taken the floor.
Mr. HILLIARD then remarking that he had
been reminded that his pledge was to move a post-
ment to a day within a reasonable period, said he
would modify his motion so as to name the 3d day
I of January next.
j The SPEAKER said the motion could not be
altered without the consent of the gentjeman from
[►Tennessee, who had the floor.
Mr. HILLIARD appealed to thegentleman from
Tennessee to permit the modification to be made.
Mr. JOHNSON had no objection, provided it
did not deprive him of the floor.
The motion was accordingly modified by Mr.
Hilliard so as to postpone to the 3d day of Jan-
uary.
Mr. JOHNSON resumed the floor.
Mr. VINTON asked the gentleman to give way
to permit certain communications on the Speaker's
! desk to be presented, referred, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. JOHNSON yielded accordingly; and
The SPEAKER laid before (lie House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
;! transmitting the report of the Superintendent of
' the Coast Survey, showing the progress of that
! ! work during the last year. Laid on the table, and
jj ordered to be printed.
jj Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL moved that an extra
II number of two hundred and fifty copies be printed;
;l which motion was laid over under the rule.
i( On motion of Mr, VINTON, the estimates of
J additional appropriations required for the service
■ of the fiscal year ending 30th June, 3848, and for
, the fiscal year ending June 30, 1849, were referred
\ to the Committee of Ways and Means.
!i Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON then proceeded in
] his remarks. He said the gentleman who had
j just closed his remarks had seen no propriety or
necessity for the appointment of this committee.
! He seemed to think it would be humiliating and
!■ detracting somewhat from the dignity of these in-
dividuals—who were called " Regents," he be-
j' lieved, in the act establishing the Smithsonian
j. Institution—to have their pioceedings come under
i, the supervision of a committee of this House.
|: Now, his (Mr. J.'s) conceptions about dignity and
ji position in this country were perhaps different from
• those of thegentleman from Alabama. According
; to his notions of government, this body occupied
; the highest and most elevated position. In this
i Democratic Government it was held that the people
| are sovereign, the source of all power: this body
! stands next to the people, next to the sovereignty,
and, instead of detracting from their dignity, he
! thought it was assigning them their true position.
He knew there were some who were really fasci-
, nated by that word " Regent," and the fondness
| for such things was increasing ira our country.
He thought the gentleman from Alabama had
, demonstrated clearly to this House, in his opposi-
i tion to the creation of this committee, the necessity
; of its creation. If all was done well, everything
: regularly transacted, if the money was judiciously
; expended, in the name of common reason would it
i' injure or affect their proceedings to be supervised
