THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR St,RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
THURSBAY, DECEMBER 23,1847.
New Series No. 4.
!>y & committee appointed by this body ? AVhy,
tlje very disposition to shrink from the supervision
of a committee appointed by the popular branch of
the Government ought to carry conviction to the
minds of this Houge nf the necessity of its'crea-
tion.
He was no prophet, but when the bill was be-
fore this House for the establishment of this Smith-
sonian Institution, he had predicted—what had
already become matter of fact—that this institution
would be an incubus upon' tKe treasury, that it
would be a perpetual source of expenditure. The
clause in Mr. Smithson.'s will "for the increase
and* diffusion of knowledge among men" read well,
it.was true. And the gentleman from Alabama
undertook also to prove how great financiers the
Board- of Regents were, and said, after all the
improvements are done, they would have over
$100,000 left. And how was this done? Why,
they had taken $242,000, supposed to be the inter-
est which had accumulated on this fund, and put
that upon interest—having bought treasury notes,
he supposed, on which they were drawing interest;
and by this means they had saved an immense
sum. Did not every member know, who had paid
any attention to the discussion of this subject when
the bill passed placing $500,000 at the discretion
ofthe Board of Regents, that not a dollar of it was
there? They first placed a certain amount in the
, treasury that did not exist there, and then calcula-
ted interest on this fictitious amount, and" then
interest on the interest; which is the way in which'
they are to carry on their extensive works.
Mr. HILLIARD. Is the gentleman charging,
that upon the Board or this House?
Mr. JOHNSON. Charging what?
Mr. HILLIARD. "Why, that a fictitious sum
was placed in the treasury, <fcc.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was going on to prove the
position that this institution would be an incubus
upon the treasury,
Mr. HILLIARD. Butdoesthegentleman charge
the potting this fictitious sum in the treasury, &c.,
on the Board or on Congress ? I wish him. to an-
swer, ob that point.
Mr. JOHNSON. On Congress. The bill of
last session placed $500,000 in the treasury which
was not there in reality. It is true the Govern-
ment received it; but they acted as a faithful trus-
tee, and loaned it out, ana not a cent has ever been
returned. In this state of the case, Mr. .1. denied
that the Government was justly bound to refund
the money, and that very few of their constituen-
cies would sanction it. It would have been much
better if she had never consented to act as trustee
of it; for, notwithstanding their flourishing with
<<Regents,"&c., and talking of such a sum as in the
treasury, it was not there, and the expenses of this
institution ckme out of the treasury, which was
already heavily taxed and burdened with debt to
carry on the war.' He insisted, now that they had
Commenced operations, that reports of their pro-
ceedings should be regularly laid before a commit-
tee of this House, who would thus have supervision
over them, and be a check upon them. Such a
restraint was needed in all Government establish-
ment, and there was no reason in this case why
this institution should be excepted.
Mr. J. having concluded—
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said, that until the
House should adopt the rules of the last session
as amended by the action of to-day, they would
be without any rules, and he therefore moved the
following resolution:
Resolved,.That the rules of the House at the last Con-
Wit)1 the modifications of them this day
adopted, be henceforth the rules and regulations of this
House during this session of Congress.
Before the question was put on the above reso-
lution—
Mr. HENLEY said he desired to move a reso-
lution to amend the rules so as to provide for the
appointment of a joint committee on printing.
The SPEAKER said the resolution of Mr. Hen-
let was unnecessary, as one of the joint rules of
the two Houses of Congress provided for the ap-
pointment of the joint committee on printing.
Mr. HENLEY said he would then move that
the Speaker appoint said committee on the part of
the House.,.c..
Mr. C. Js* Ingersoll's resolution was then
agreed to.
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred :
By Mr. LA SERE: The petition of A. Bandouin and A. D.
Robert, of the city of New Orleans, praying for remuneration
for Joss of a flathoat loaded with ice, caused by a collision
with the steamer Col. Harney, a vessel belonging to the Uni-
ted States. Also, the memorial of John Crosbv, of New
Orleans, administrator of his brother, the late Purser Andrew
D. Crosby, and on behalf of the children of the deceased,
praying that a pension may he granted them tor five years.
Also, the memorial of Ann B. Cox, of New Orleans, asking
payment of an admitted balance due to the late Nathaniel
Cox, formerly Navy Agent at New Orleans. Also, the peti-
tion of Frederick Durave, praying to be confirmed in the
purchase of a tract of land. Also, the petition of FMary L.
Keen, of New Orleans, asking the repayment of a sum of
money disbursed by her late husband from his private money
whilst attached to the recruiting station at New Yoi k. Also,
the petition of A. G. Farragut, of the city of New Orleans,
a Lieutenant in the Navy of the United State", praying that
he may be promoted to the rank ofCaptain, &c.
By Mr. ROSE: Thej>etition of Anne W. Angus, praying
to be placed on the pension roll. Also, the petition of Moses
Van Campen for the payment of certain revolutionary
claims.
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of Thomas Scott, late
register of the land office at Chilicothe, Ohio, praying for
compensation for extra services in discharging the duties of
hH office: heretofore presented. Also, the petition of Sam-
uel Reed, of Pike county, Ohio, praying compensation for
land purchased by him of the United^States, the title of
which has not been maintained : heretofore presented.
By Mr. ABBOTT: The memorial of John Porter and 127
others, citizens of Newbury and Newburyport, Massachu-
setts, earnestly praying Congress and the Executive to take,
as soon as possible, tne necessary steps, by the use of all
just and honorable means, for securing an immediate and
permanent peace with Mexico. «
By Mr. DUNN . The memorial ofKucian Q,. Hoggatt and
others, citizens ofthe countiesofLawrence andMonroe,in
the State of Indiana, asking the establishment of a mail
route from Salem, in the county of Washington, to Blooin-
ington, in Monroe county, by way of Leesviliej in Lawrence
county, in said State, and for other purposes. Also, the me-
morial of Thomas B. Graham, of Daviess county, Indiana,
asking compensation for aftathoat and cargo lost, by being
struck and sunk hythe Government steam frigate Alleghany
on the Mississippi river, near Memphis. "'
By Mr. ST- JOHN: The petition of Jesse Young, of Hec-
tor, Tompkins county, New STork, a wounded soldier, prav-
, ing for an increase of pension. Also, that the petition ofthe
heirs of Benjamin Montague be taken horn the files of the
House and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Clai ms.
By Mr. HUNT: The petition of Lewis Benedict, asking
the passage of a law authorizing him to locate a section of
land.
Mr. LUMPKIN withdrew from the files of the Clerk's of-
fice the petition and papers of Samuel W. Bell, a Cherokee
Indian, and they were referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
By Mr. PENDLETON: The memorial of Thomas ap C.
Jones, praying to be restored to the list of navy pensioners for
partial disabilities by wounds received in battle. Also, the
petition of John Mason, of Virginia, asking paymentfor cer-
tain cannon manufactured by him for the naval service.
BvMr. GREGORY: The petition of Phebe Brown, widow
of William Brown, deceased, a soldier in the war of the
Revolution, for a pension.
By Mr. HALL, of New York: Thepetition of James Sloan
and others, for an appropriation for the harbor at Buffalo,
New York. Also, the petition of Ephraim P. Gilbert, of
Erie county, New York, praying for the settlement and pay-
ment of his claims against the Government.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of sundry citizens
of Illinois and Indiana, for the confirmation of the titles of
certain Indian reservations to the purchasers thereof.
By Mr. COLLAMER: Thepetition of Thomas Raymond,
for a pension. Also, the petition of Polly Aldnck, for a pen-
sion. Also, the petition of Silas Waterman, for a pension.
Also, the petition of 72 ladies, for the abolition of slavery in
the District of Columbia.
Mr. WICK withdrew from rhe files the petition of James
McAvoy and the accompanying papers, and refiled the same,
to be referred to the Committee oi Claims.
By Mr. MULLIN: The papers of John B. Goodenough
were taken from the files and referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims. Also, presented the petition of John
O. Dickey. Also, the petition of Giles London.
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition of Pierre Choteau, jr.
and others, legal representatives of Julian Dubuque, de-
ceased, were withdrawn from the files of the Clerk's office
and referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Also, the petition of George R. Smith, of Missouri, taken
from the files of the Clerk's office and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. Also, the peti-
tion of WHKam B. Edwards, praying for a pension, taken
from the files of thc-Cierk's'office and referred to the Com-
t mittee on Invalid Pensions. Also, the memorial of Henry
I M. Shreve, praying compensation for the use "of the steam
| snag-boat patented by him. t
j By Mr. GREEN: The petition ofthe Inhabitants of town-
ship No. 59, range No. 12, of Shelby county, Missouri, praying
j the grant of a section of land in heu of the 16th section.
By Mr. MoILVAINE: The memorial of the a Kennet
> Monthly Meeting ofthe religious Society of Friends,"'in
j Chester county, Pennsylvania, praying that Congress may
! use all rightful and constitutional means to'abolish slavery
j in the District of Columbia, and prevent the traffic in slaves
i between the States, and the accession of territory without
| the entire exclusion of slavery from the soil.
t By Mr. HALE: The petitions of Joseph Holmes for bounty
| for the schooners Industry and Mary Bee.
; By Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut: Memorials from sundry
I citizens of the United States, praung for indemnity on ac-
J count of spoliations committed bv the French anterior to
! 1800.
By Mr. SMITH, of Illinois: The papers in the case of
Petei Shaffer were withdrawn from the files and referred to
the Committee on Claims. Also, the memorial of Edward
Keatirfg, Mayor of the city of Alton, in the State of Illinois,
praying Congress to grant to the citv certain unsurveyed
lands lying within the incorporated limits of said city, and
being between the south line of the Government survey and
the Mississippi river. Also, the papers in the case of John
XV, Hockett were withdrawn and referred to the same
committee.
By Mr. HAMPTON : The petition and papers of John
Moore White, of New Jersey, were withdrawn from the
files of the House, and referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims. Also, the petitions and papers of John
J. Adams, of New Jersey, were withdrawn from the files of
the House and referred to the Committee on Patents.
By Mr. BUTLEK : The petition of John Pettihope, with
accompanyingdocumcnts, in beholfof himself and the other
heirs of Daniel Pettibone, prajingcompensation for the con-
struction and use of the " PatentUarefying Air Stove," now
in use in tfie Capitol, and for the use of said patent in the
public buildings ofthe Government.
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky: The memorial of P.
J. Slaughter, asking for pay and bounty land for services in
: the army. Also, the memorial of Benjamin R. Harden, of
the same kind.
By Mr. PILLSBURY: The petition of Bryan Callaghan,
praying compensation for good-s destroyed by the United
States troops under Col. J-'arney
By Mr. ABBOTT: The petition of Moses Noyes, with the
accompanying papers, were taken from the files ofthe House
and icferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. CABELI*: The petition of citizens of Hillsborough
county, in the State of Florida, for a mail route from Millers-
ville to Fort Brook, and from Fort Brook to Key West. Also,
the petition of Nathan P. Bennis, a citizen of Leon county,
in the State of Florida, fora grant ofland fO|khe purpose of
experimenting in the manufacture of turpentine.
By Mr. PUTNAM: The petition of J. W.Nye, for an ex-
amination of his account and payment of money due him
under a contract with the Houscof Representatives.
Bv Mr. McCLELLAND* The petition of Mrs. Elvira F.
Smith (widow ofthe late M.\jor IJeniy Smith, of Monroe,
Michigan.1) for a pension.
Bv Mr. NICOLL: The memorial of Benj. J. Cahoone.
By Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut: The petition and
papers of the heirs of Bernard Todd, deceased, to he taken
fiom the files of*the last Hou«e of Representatives and refer-
red to the Committee of Claims.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 20, 1847.
The Hon. Daniei. Webster, of the State of
Massachusetts, appeared in the Senate to-day.
A message in writing from the President of the
United States, was received by the hands of J.
Knox Walker, Esq., his Private Secretary.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report from the Solicitor of the Treasury, in
the case of John Pickett and others, owners ofthe.
brig Albert, made in pursuance of the directions of
the act of 3d March, 1847; which was read.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
the proceedings of a meeting of citizens in Phila-
delphia, approving the act of the Government in
allowing the emigrant Mormons to rest on certain
unoccupied lanete; which were laid upon the table.
PETITIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
the petition of Charles S. Jackson, an officer of
Customs in the port of Philadelphia, praying to be
allowed certain items rejected by the accounting
officer in the settlement of his accounts; which was
referred tolhe Committee on Finance.
Mr. FELCH presented the petitioner Elvira F.
Smith, widow of Henry Smith, deceased, an offi-
cer in the army, who died of disease contracted in
the service, praying to be allowed a" pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
-Mr, SEVIER presented the memorial ofthe sur-
