1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
53
THE CONQUEST OF MEXICO.
Mr. CALHOUN. I hope that the resolutions
which I offered the other day may now be taken
up, in order to fix a day for their consideration.
The resolutions were then taken up and read,
as follows:
Resolved, That to cornier Mexico and to hold it, either as
a province or to inc-orpoiate it in the Union, would be incon-
sistent with the avowed object for which the war has been
prosecuted; a departure from the settled policy or the Gov-
ernment; in conflict with its character and gemus; and in
tile end subversive of our free and popular institutions.
Resolved, That no line of policy in the further prosecution
of the war should be adopted which may lead to conse-
quences so disastrous.
Mr. CALHOUN. I shall be regulated in fixing
the day by the wishes of the Senate. I have no
particular desire in regard to a very early consid-
eration of the resolutions. All I wish is, that
there should be no unnecessary delay. If it be
agreeable to the Senate, I propose that they be
taken up on the first Tuesday in January next—
two weeks from to-morrow.
Mr. ALLEN. I understand that the Senator
from South Carolina has made a motion, and I
suppose I am in order in rising to make a remark.
I do not know that I have any particular objection
to that (notion; but as this is a matter of very grave
importance, and comes from a source which entitles
it to great consideration, and is on the face of the
resolution, as I conceive, a little ambiguous, I ask
the indulgence of the Senate, and the Senator from
South Carolina, whilst ^request him to explain the*1
resolution, so far as to tell us whether it means to
cXclude the idea of any territorial indemnity from
Mexico, oran incorporation into the body of the pub-
lic domain first, and then as States into this Union,
of any territory wh ich we may acquireat the conclu-
sion of this war? Or, whether its only application
is to the idea of annihilating the sovereignty of
Mexico, and incorporating the whole mass of "ter-
ritory into this Union? I ask whether it is to be
understood in the one or the other of these senses?
That is the matter, sir, which I am desirous of
knowing before I vote in anywise in reference to
it.
Mr. CALHOUN. I will answer the Senator
from Ohio with a great deal of pleasure. It is not
my intention to involve any question in reference
to territorial indemnity, or any other subject apart
from that which is presented in the resolution it-
self. I believe the pressing question at this mo-
ment is, whether'we shall conquer Mexico, and
hold her as a subjected province, or incorporate
her into our Union. That, of course, would in-
volve the nationality of Mexico; and it was to that
point that my resolution referred. I think, sir, it
is a question which ought to be first decided, be-
cause, Mr. President, if I am any judge at all of
the operation of existing causes, the certain ten-
dency of all that we are now doing is to the anni-
hilation of the nationality of Mexico; and that we
shall thus find ourselves, unless the greatest cau-
tion is exercised, at the end of another campaign,
or at some future time, with eight or nine millions
of Mexicans, without a government, on our hands,
not knowing what to do with them, and forced to
one or other of the alternatives which I have pre-
sented. This is a question which I consider as
exceeding in importance all others at this time.
After that is decided, we may then consider what
course, in accordance with that decision, it may
be wise to pursue. I, for one, wish to guide my
own course, and I offered the resolution for the
double purpose of bringing it before this body and
before the country, and putting myself in reference
to this Mexican question where I wish to stand.
Mr. DICKINSON. I believe my resolutions
nave precedence on the calendar, and were passed
over informally. Are they included in the motion
now before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They are not
embraced in it.
Mr. CALHOUN. I perceive that one of the
morning papers supposes that my resolutions were
introduced with reference to those offered by the
Senator from New York. Not at all. My reso-
lutions were written several days before his were
introduced. The Senator may fix any day he
pleases for the consideration of his resolutions
either before or after the day fixed upon for the
consideration of mine.
Mr. ALLEN, The subject of the Mexican war
is one capable of being expanded very largely in
the minds of men; and from the importance with
which it seems to be put forth at this early period
of the session, it is more than likely that it will
embrace a large portion of the session in its discus-
sion, giving rise to a very large dive^ity of senti-
ment m the members of this body. It may, there-
fore, be a matter well worthy of the consideration
of the Senate whether a subject, comprehending so
many remote consequences as are suggested by
the Senator from South Carolina, and a subject
which, at all events, is, in the judgment of every
man, of very great importance, should not be con-
sidered with that deliberation which the Senate
always bestows on grave national questions; and,
therefore, whether it should not, in the first place,
pass through one of the committees organized by
this body for the due consideration of propositions
before they are submitted to the final adjudication
of the bodyitself. Several resolutions have already
been presented, and who shall guaranty the Senate
that a dozen others of a similar character may not be
submitted to the Senate ? Who shall say where this
subject shall end, when it becomes divided up and
adjusted to the different capacities and judgments
of this body? This fs but the beginning of the
session, and we have two sets of resolutions. Be-
fore the day arrives for the action of the Senate
upon this'particular matter, we may have a dozen
other resolutions; and I submit it to the better
judgment of the body, whether it is not the proper
course, under these circumstances, to refer the
whole of these resolutions, in the first place, to the
Committee on Foreign Relations. If it be m order,
I shall make that motion.
Mr. CALHOUN. I do trust that the course
suggested by the Senator shall not he pursued.
What is the object of the reference? Reference is
made to committees for the purpose of consider-
ing and perfecting details; but here there are no
details to settle. In fact, it is a simple proposition.
The Senate have only to determine whether it is
intended or desired that the whole of Mexico shall
be conquered—her nationality destroyed—and that
we shall be placed in a position iu which we shall
be compelled either to hold her as a subjected prov-
ince, or incorporate her into our Union. We have
carried this business of reference far beyond the
parliamentary rules, and have encroached, in my
opinion, in no small degree on the rights of indi-
vidual Senators here. As to the number of reso-
lutions that may be offered, I have no reason to
believe that there will be many. Only two have
been introduced, and they upon entirely different
subjects. One I understand refers to the slave
question—mainly, at least—and the other to a
question entirely aside from that. Sir, I do not
believe that there will be a long discussion." Unless
T am very greatly deceived, there will be no great
division—at least there is not at present a great
division in the country on this point, and I "trust
there will not be in this body. The end against
which I wish to guard, is one which heretofore
has not been contemplated. I do not know that
such an end is now contemplated.' 1 trust that it
is not intended. But we may find ourselves in a
position not intended, and from which we cannot
extricate ourselves. My object in introducing the
resolutions, is to guard against such a result. I
trust they will*have that effect, and that the Sen-
ator will not agree to refer them to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. ALLEN. I certainly did not desire to
deprive any Senator of any of his just rights in !
this body, nor of any opportunity for the exercise !
of those rights; but I believe it would be difficult '
to find, on reference to the Journal, an instance of ;
any one question being introduced in the form of
a resolution, of such grave importance as this,
which was not referred to one of the committees i
of this body. It would be very difficult to find !
an exception to the general rule—very difficult. '
This is a question affecting our foreign relations— j
clearly and emphatically so. It is not so merely j
in its meaning and effect, but it is so on the face j
of the resolution, and in so many words. Well, :
sir, it will not limit the range of discussion to send j
it-in the first place to the committee. It will J
abridge the rights of no man—neither of the mover I
of the resolution, nor of any other gentleman on
this floor. The only effect it will have, will be
that which, by the standing rules of this body, is
designed—the effect of subjecting the proposition
to full scrutiny; first, the scrutiny of the commit-
tee, whose especial business it is made by the Sen-
ate to examine it; and, secondly, the scrutiny of
the Senate itself, revising the judgment of its com-
mittee. It is only a precaution taken to guard
against precipitate and hasty conclusions, ft is a
sort of second trial which is granted in favor of
all questions whose magnitude entitles them to
that consideration—that second review of the hu-
man understanding. It is upon that ground, sir,
that the rules by which all our business is first
submitted to committees are predicated. If we
were at the erTd of the session, or near the end,
when a reference of this subject to a committee
would be to entomb it for the balance of the ses-
sion, then the, objection coming from the Senator
from South Carolina would be an available one,
because he would have a right to obtain the adju-
dication of the Senate upon his resolution. But
we are at the commencement of the session—we
are on this side of the holidays—we are in antici-
pation of our "usual custom in the transaction of
the heavier part of the public business, which is
not taken up till after the holidays. There is,
therefore, abundance of time. Sir, this resolution
is no trifling affair. It presents a grave question,
and in answer to the inquiry which I addressed to
the Senator from South Carolina, he seems to
consider—if I rightly interpreted his explana-
tion—that there is no difference between territorial
indemnity and the conquest and retention of the
whole of Mexico; that the consequence?, though
not immediate, would be in their result precisely
the same. That is the reading of the explanation
as I understand it. Well, sir, what can be a
graver question than that? Can the human imagi-
nation draw up for review a question graver, more
solemn, more calculated to affect and agitate the
public heart of this great country than such a
(j question as this? presented, too, at a time when our
ji armies are occupying the territories of that nation.
;j I am one who does not believe that to take territo-
jl rial indemnity is to take the whole of Mexico. I
ji am one who does not believe that these two ques-
; ; tions are the same, either in point of fact or of re-
: mote effect. The Senator from South Carolina,
i, who has more reason to be satisfied with his own
judgment than I have to be satisfied with mine,
thinks differently. Well, sir, his thoughts are en-
titled to consideration. They are matured thoughts.
They will receive the consideration of this coun-
try. They will have their effect upon the public
mind of a large portion of this people; and it is for
that reason that I desire all his thoughts should
assume a shape not to be mistaken. When I am
told that to obtain from Mexico territorial indem-
nity to any extent, is equivalent, in its remote con-
sequences, to an utter annihilation ofthe sovereign-
ty of Mexico and the incorporation of its entire
mass of territory within this Union, with its ten
millions of population, 1 desire time to inquire
whether, why and wherefore, these propositions
are the same—whether these remote and compre-
hensive effects are to follow from all acquisition of
a portion of Mcxico, as an indemnity to this Gov-
ernment, for the wrongs which it has sustained at
the hands of Mexico. I desire that the committee
to whom this subject should be referred, should
have an opportunity of investigating that question,
and ascertaining whether these two propositions
are identical or not; because it is very manifest
that the identity of these two propositions will
make a very material difference in the estimation
which the American people shall put upon them.
I do not think that they are identical, sir, by any
means. The subject, then, being one of such obvi-
ous and acknowledged importance—so much time
being before us—so few inconveniences being at all
likely to result from the reference to a committee—
! I cannot, sir, for my life, discover any grave rea-
son why the reference should not take place. But
i I shaljl not only acquiesce, as I am bound to do, in
! the judgment of the Senate; but I shall acquiesce
| in that judgment, whatever it may be, without the
least feeling of disappointment. And I assure the
j Senator from South Carolina that it is in no spirit
j of cavilling—from no disposition to disagree with
t him unnecessarily, or to get up discussion, that I
! make this suggestion. I act simply upon the same
i principle upon which the Senate itself acted when
: it established those rules under which its business
j is submitted to the various committees.
; Mr. CALHOUN. I rise principally to correct
; an error into which the Senator from Ohio has
I fallen, doubtless from having misunderstood my
j remarks. I by no means said that I considered the
I annihilation ofthe nationality of Mexico and the
