54
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 20,
acquisition of a portion of her territory as identi-
cal; on the contrary, I said expressly "that I did
not understand the resolution as involving the ques-
tion of territory at all. I agree with him that we
may take a part—very large parts of Mexico with-
out touching her nationality. My object is very
different; and to satisfy the Senator 1 will tell him
that I have changed not a single opinion, which I
have ever expressed, in relation to this Mexican
war. I hope that this will .satisfyhim.
Now, sir, if I understand the drift of the Sen-
ator's remarks, and of his motion, it is this—that
he wishes these resolutions of mine to go to the
Committee on Foreign Relations in order that they
may make a report upon them before I myself
have an opportunity of being heard upon them.
I ask, is that fair? I introduced a general subject
heie, and the Senator proposes to take it out of my
hands before I am heard—sending- it to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, where it is to be dis-
cussed and reported on in advance of my own
explanation of it. Is there any precedent to be
found in this or any other parliamentary body for
a procedure of that kind? As he believes, there
is no instance of such resolutions being introduced
and not referred to a committee before discussion.
I do not know an instance in which any such ref-
erence has been made. I myself at the last session
introduced important resolutions on the subject of
slavery. They were discussed here and every-
where.
Mr. ALLEN, (in his seat.) There is no com-
mittee of the Senate on slavery.
Mr. CALHOUN. You have a Committee on
Territories, and that involved a territorial ques-
tion. You may raise a special committee. There
is no difference in that view between a special and
regular committee. The whole drift of his motion
—on which I shall say no more—is to take my
own resolutions out of my own hand, so that the
committee may make the first speech on them, to
which I will be called upon to reply, instead of
explaining my own resolutions. I submit whether
that be fair.
Mr. SEVIER. I hope rny friend from Ohio
wiii withdraw his motion. I will only say, as one
member of the Committee on Foreign Relations,
that I have made up no opinion with regard to
the resolutions of the honorable Senator from
South Carolina.
Mr. ALLEN. Certainly. I have no disposition
to force, even if I had the power, sucli a motion,
if the committee are averse to the reference; and
therefore, at the request of the honorable chair-
man of the committee, I beg to withdraw the mo-
tion I have made.
Allow me, sir, however, to take this occasion
to remark, that I am gratified with the explanation
which the Senator from South Carolina has made,
and in relation to which he conceives that I was
mistaken in supposing that he meant that the
taking any territorial indemnity was identical with
the annihilation of Mexico. I did certainly un-
derstand him to say that that was to be the ulte-
rior consequence; and it was the? identity of con-
sequences that he had reference to, and not the
identity of the particular measures at the moment.
It was my purpose to negative the idea that the
same consequences would flow, however remotely;
that is to say, that the taking of territorial indem-
nity involved an ulterior necessity of annihilating
Mexico 'altogether. But, if that be not the view
of the Senator, I am glad to hear it. Because I
presumed, on the first form of the proposition,
there would be few opinions antagonistic to his;
and I hope, upon the second—that is, as to territo-
rial indemnity—1 shall find the Senator aiding
those who go for indemnifying the country for its
osses in the way of lands.
The resolutions were then postponed until Tues-
day, the 4th "day of January next, and made the
special order of that day.
ANNEXATION OP TERRITORY.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolutions heretofore submitted by Mr. Dickinson:
Resolved, That tiue policy requires the Government of
the Cmted State1! to strengthen its political and commercial
relations upon this continent by t'ne annexation ot such con-
tiguous tcrntrery as mar conduce to that end, and can be
justly obtained : .md tnat neither in such acquisition nor in
the territonul organization thereof can anv conditions be
constitutionally imposed or institutions be'provided for or
established inconsistent with the light of the people thereof
to form a free sovereign ^tate, with the powers and privi-
leges of the original member ot tiie Confederacy.
Resolved, That in organizing a Territorial Government for i
territory belonging to the United States, the principles of ■
self government upon which our federative system rests will |
be best promoted, the true spirit and meaning of the Consti- '
tution be observed, and the Contederacy strengthened, by i
leaving all questions concerning the domestic policy therein j
to the Legislatures chosen by the people thereof. i
Mr. DICKINSON then rose and moved that !
the resolutions offered by him be made the special i
order for two weeks from to-day at one o'clock, j
Mr. BERRIEN. I beg to ask the Senator from !
New York, if it is his purpose to anticipate a dis- i
cussion on the resolutions of the Senator from j
South Carolina? . j
Mr. DICKINSON. I do not fully hear the j
Senator. i
Mr. BERRIEN. Is it the purpose of the Sen- i
ator from_Ne\v York, in the motion just submitted, ;;
to anticipate the discussion on the resolutions of
the Senator from South Carolina?
Mr. DICKINSON. I do not know how the
discussiou of the resolutions offered by the honor-
able Senatorfrom South Carolina can be anticipated
in the consideration of what he himself considered
an independent proposition.
Mr. SEVIER. I hope, Mr. President, that be-
fore we get into this sea of discussion we may dis-
pose of some public measures which now press
upon our consideration. I would suggest, that as
the resolutions offered by the Senators from South
Carolina and New York are antagonistical to a
very great extent, they may, with piopriety, be con-
sidered together. I hope, therefore, that the Sen-
ator from New York will allow his to be consider-
ed with the others. In the mean time I hope that
we may be able to dispose of the bill for recruiting
the ranks of the army, and also of the measures
necessary to provide the means of feeding and
clothing the soldiers engaged in fighting the battles
of their country in Mexico.
Mr. DICKINSON begged to insist on his mo-
tion.
Mr. CALHOUN hoped that the Senator would
fix an earlier day for the consideration of these res-
olutions than that fixed for those which he [Mr.
C.] had offered.
Mr. DICKINSON was desirous only of an op-
portunity of explaining his resolutions before the
entrance of any other subject, which, by giving rise i
to discussion, might prevent him from doing so.
Mr. CALHOUN suggested that the Senator
could have the opportunity which he sought on
the morning of the day after that fixed for the con-
sideration of his [Mr. C.'s] resolutions.
Mr. DICKINSON. I am not so sure of that;
and I prefer that my resolutions retain the priority,
to which they are entitled in the order in which
they wore offered. I may net trespass long on the
attention of the Senate in addressing it on the reso-
lutions, but what little I have to say I desire to
offer before discussion arises on other subjects.
Mr. CALHOUN. I must make a remark here.
The Senate has already fixed a day for the con-
sideration of my resolutions; and the Senator
now proposes the day immediately preceding for :
the consideration of his—thus anticipating mine.
That his resolutions shall pass without discussion
is impossftle. There will be, as I take it, great di-
versity of opinion on the subject, at least as the
resolutions now stand. They may lead to a long
discussion. Now I do not think that it would be
treating my resolutions fairly, if, after having fixed
a day for their consideration, the day immediately
preceding should be set apart for the consideration
of others which must give rise to discussion, in
consequence of which mine may be cut off. If the
Senator wishes to be heard, he can be heard on any
intermediate day, or on the morning immediately
after the day set apart for the consideration of my
resolutions.
Mr. DICKINSON. I do not intend to super-
sede the Senator in any other sense than I indicate.
I was without the bar when I learned that the Sen-
ator's resolutions were under consideration, and I
inquired whether the motion made by the honorable
Senator included the resolutions which I had the
honor to submit. The reply was that they had
been passed over informally and were not embra-
ced in the motion of the Senator. It was then re-
marked by the Senator that the propositions were
independent, and that mine could be set down for
an eailier or later day. I therefore, in accordance
with his suggestion, moved an earlier day, which 1
was, I think, treating his resolutions with fairness
and courtesy; whilst, according to his own rule, :
mine were treated rather unfairly, for I postponed
their consideration till after the holidays, in order
to meet the convenience of the Senate. I am willing
that they should be set down for an earlier day;
but the holidays are approaching, and I desire an
opportunity to explain the resolutions before I shall
be superseded by any other discussion. I do not
know that any other Senators wish to speak on the
resolutions. If they do, the further consideration
of the resolutions can be postponed till the others
shall have been discussed. -I am quite willing to
consent to such an arrangement. I desire only, aa
I have said, an opportunity to state my views iri
explanation of the resolutions before the question
is embarrassed and superseded by other questions
supposed in the public mind to have a similar
bearing.
At the suggestion of the Senator himself, I
moved that the consideration of my resolutions
should be fixed for a certain day, and under that
impression I voted for making them the order for
Monday, not imagining of course that I was to be
foreclosed and superseded.
Mr. CASS. The suggestion of the Senator
from Arkansas is entitled to have consideration.
We are all aware that the President has submitted
to Congress the necessity of additional military
forces, and the Military Committee has had no op-
portunity to examine the subject, but will soon
meet and take it up. I hope whatever time may-
be fixed for the consideration of these resolutions,
it may be distinctly understood that they are not
to stand in the way of ptiblic business of a more
j pressing nature, demanding the immediate atten-
tion of Congress. I do trust that it may be dis-
! tinctly understood before an order is made on this
j subject, that it will not be superseded by any other
! matters.
I must be allowed to say with regard to the re-
solutions of .the honorable gentleman from South
Carolina, with the greatest deference to his opin-
ions, that I myself do not see their practical import-
ance. I am perfectly willing to hear the views of
the Senator. I know that they will be intelligent,
striking, and that they will go to the public with
the great weight of his character; but I must say
that there is no man in this nation in favor of the
extinction of the nationality of Mexico. The
Executive has indicated his views, and they are
totally inconsistent with the extinction of the na-
tionality of Mexico.
With respect to the resolutions I have nothing
lo say. But I must remark, that I do think that it
is exceedingly unwise, at this stage of the prose-
cution of the war, in either branch of Congress to
say what we will do, or what we will not do. We
may be driven from Mexico to-morrow—it is not
a very likely event—but how would we look in
the eyes of the world in that case, after having
declared that we did not mean to seize the whole
of Mexico!
If the resolution be intended as a vehicle of the
opinions of the Senator from South Carolina, I
shall hear him with a great deal of pleasure; and
his views will, I doubt not, have great weight in the
country; but I shall oppose any vote on the sub-
ject; as that would be, in my judgment, unnecessary
and impolitic.
Mr. CALHOUN. I should be very glad in-
deed to think with the honorable gentleman from
Michigan, that there is no person in the country
who thinks of the extinction of the nationality of
Mexico. Why, you can hardly read a newspaper
without finding it filled with speculation upon this
subject. The proceedings that took place in Ohio,
at a dinner given to one of the volunteer officers of
the army returned from Mexico, show conclusively
that the impression entertained by the persons
present, was, that our troops would never leave
Mexico until they had conquered the whole coun-
try. This was the sentiment advanced by the
officer, and it was applauded by the assembly, and
endorsed by the official paper of that State.
But this is not the point. The question is not
now whether such a thing is contemplated. I at-
tribute no such motive to any one. 1 look at the
progress of events. I look at what is proposed
and the end of it—those consequences which I pro-
pose to avert by this resolution. Sir, let any man
look at the progress of this war—let him consider
how we got into it, not expecting to get into it at
all, for certainly the Executive officers expressed,
in the strongest manner, their conviction that there
was not the slightest hazard of war at the time
