56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 20,
Mr. DICKINSON. Anxious as I am to obtain
a discussion upon the resolutions which I have
offered, I am not sufficiently anxious to desire that
discussion to the exclusion of any important busi-
ness. I believe, however, they are not altogether
abstractions; and I believe I can call my honorable _
friend from Connecticut to witness they are not.
I believe my honorable friend is one of the most
practical members of this t*>dy, and that he never
discusses abstractions; yet the honorable Senator,
in presenting resolutions from the Legislature of
Connecticut, so far departed from his usual prac-
tical course as to address the Senate at some length.
I do not complain of this, for 1 acknowledge that
the remarks of the Senator were entirely agreeable
to my mind; and the honorable Senator has also
favored the Senate with extended remarks upon
the question now pending. If the resolutions had
been abstractions, he certainly would not have
discussed them. I believe, sir, that if some of
these questions were settled, a greater gofld would
be accomplished than if we were to pass all the
bills which can be brought before this body. I
will add, sir, that in conversing with the honorable
Senator from South Carolina, an arrangement,
which is entirely satisfactory, lias been agreed
upon, and, therefore, I withdraw my motion to
make the resolutions which I have offered the order
of the day.
ROUTE TO CALIFORNIA.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution, submitted on Thursday last by Mr.
Pear.ce, and it was agreed to:
Resolved, That one thousand additional copies of the notes
of a military reconnois'sance from Fort Leavenworth to San
Diego, by Lieutenaut William H. Emory, and of Colonel
Cook's report, be panted for the use of the Senate, and that
the Secretary of the Senate be directed to cause to be en-
graved or htliogiaphed an equal number of the map accom-
panying I.ientenant Emory report and such of tile botanical,
geological, and other illustrations as the Committee on the
Contingent Expenses ot the Senate may approve and di-
rect.
THE LATE GEORGE C. DROMGOOLE.,
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives by Mr. Campbell, their
Clerk:
"Mr. President: I am directed to notify the
Senate of the death of the Hon. George C.
Dromgoole, late a member of the House of Rep-
resentatives, from the State of Virginia."
The resolutions adopted by the House of Rep-
resentatives on the occasion having been read—
Mr. MASON rose, and addressed the Senate as
follows:
I discharge a melancholy duty, Mr. President,
in asking the Senate to extend the customary evi-
dences of respect to the memory of the very dis-
tinguished gentleman whose death has just been
announced to us.
George Coke Dromgoole, a Representative
elected from the State of Virginia to the present
Congress, died at his residence in the county of
Brunswick, in that State, on the 27 th day of April,
in the present year.
He had just closed the fifth term of his service
in the House of Representatives* and been re-
elected by a constituency amidst whom he was
born, when the irrevocable mandate was issued
which now numbers him with the dead.
Nature had formed him for a statesman of the
highest order, and, soon distinguished by popular
favor, his inclinations and habits of mind at once-
directed him to the paths of public life. A clear
head and sound heart assured alike unshaken loy-
alty to his country and inviolable faith to his
friends.
When just entering upon manhood, he was
chosen a delegate to the General Assembly of Vir-
ginia, and, with an inteival of but two years, du-
ring which he declined a reelection, from that time
forth continued a Representative of the people
until his career was closed in death.
In 1829 he was chosen a member of the Conven-
tion called to revise the Constitution of the State—
a body selected with great care by the people of
Virginia, composed of our wisest statesmen, and
numbering amongst its members men who adorned
and left their impress upon the age in which they
lived
From the House of Delegates he was transferred
to the Virginia Senate, and whilst presiding officer
of that body, in the year 1835, was elected to the
House of Representatives of the United States.
It was my fortune to ue associated with him in
the public councils, both of our honored State and |
of this Confederacy, and to witness from their early
development in youth to the maturity of riper years jj
that solidity of mind and strong and clear discern- '■
ment which so rarely accompanies the quick wit
and ready thought that distinguished the career of
this gifted man.
With ardent temperament and decided opinions,
General Dromgoole always stood allied with par-
ty; but he made no enemies—ever more ready, in
the stern conflicts of party, to disarm than to wound,
or with ready and playful remark to turn aside
acerbity.
In social life he enjoyed and deserved the strong-
est attachment of his friends; perhaps never more
signally shown than in the incidents connected
with the election which but a few days preceded
his death, when his constituents, by a diminished
vote, evinced, that although they could chasten,
they would not dismiss their Representative.
Of his infirmities, sir, it may become him to
speak, who himself has none; let their memory be
buried in the tomb, where now reposes all that
was mortal of the statesman^ the patriot, and the
friend.
1 move, sir, the following resolutions :
Resolved, unanimously, That the Senate has heard with
deep sensibility of the death of the Honorable George
Coke Dromgoole, a representative elect from the State of
Virginia, which has been communicated by the House of
Representatives.
Resolved, That in testimony of tlieir respect for the mem-
ory of the deceased, the Senators will wear the usual badge
1 of mourning for thirty days.
Resolved, As a further mark of respect, that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The resolutions having been unanimously adopt-
ed, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 20, 1847.
The Journal of Saturday having been read—
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL rose to a question of
the accuracy of the Journal. He submitted to the
Speaker (for he had not been able to hear distinct-
ly the reading of the Journal) whether it did not
omit to state that that portion of the report of the
Committee on Rules which was journalized as
having been rejected, was recommended by the
committee to be rejected? He believed there was
no notice taken in the Journal of the recommenda-
tion of the committee.
The SPEAKER remarked that there was no
written report made to that effect; that the rule first
reported remained as a rule for the consideration of
the House—the question being on its adoption.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania stated, it was
true, that the committee recommended it should
be rejected. The Chair believed such verbal re-
commendations had not formerly "been the subject
of notice on the Journal.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. It is not stated on
the Journal that 1 moved its rejection.
The SPEAKER. The Journal will be amended
so as to state the fact.
Here the conversation dropped, and the Journal,
as thus amended, was approved.
The SPEAKER stated that, with the leave of
the House, he would call for petitions in the order
of the States, for reports from committees, and for
resolutions in the order of the Suites, in the order
prescribed by the rules of the House. If the
House would submit to this, it would promote its
convenience and the expedition of business.
The suggestion being acquiesced in, by the gen-
eral consent of the House—
The SPEAKER proceeded to call for—
PETITIONS.
Mr. J. d. ADAMS presented a petition pray-
ing for peace, and asked its reference to a select
committee.
Mr. BOYD moved its reference to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. GIDDINGS demanded the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL rose and (in reference
to the prayer of the petition for peace) desired to
ask, peace with whom? It does not say.
Mr. J. CI. ADAMS moved that the petition be
read, as it was very short.
This motion being agreed to, the petition was
read.
Mr. BOYD modified his motion, and moved the
reference to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL begged leave simply
to state, that d,uring Ihe last session of Congress,
as every gentleman now here who was then a
member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
would well recollect, a vast number of similar pe-
titions were referred to that committee.
The SPEAKER reminded gentlemen that "de-
bate was not in order. -If debate arose upon a
petition, it must of necessity go over under the
rules.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Boyd to refer to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and decided in the negative without a
division.
Mr. BRODHEAD and Mr. SMITH, of Con-
necticut, simultaneously moved to refer it to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
And the question being taken on this motion, it
was agreed to: Ayes 120, noes not counted.
Mr." JOHN Gt. ADAMS also presented a pe-
tition of Photius Kavasales, fjraying Congress to
pass a law authorizing the petitioner to change his
name, and moved its reference to a select com-
mittee.
Debate arising on the reference of said petition,
it was laid over under the rule.
Also, the petition of John Mitchell, of the State
of Maine, praying a pension for a wound received
on board the United States ship Alabama while
engaged in firing a salute in May last m honor of
the victories achieved by Generals Scott and Tay-
lor. Referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
Also, the petition of John P. Andrews, of Sa-
lem, Massachusetts, praying for an amicable ter-
mination of the war with Mexico. Referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Other petitions were also presented—
From the State of Massachusetts: By Messrs.
HALE and PALFREY.
From Rhode Island: By Mr. CRANSTON.
From Connecticut: By Mr. ROCKWELL.
From New York: By Messrs. HUNT, HALL,
HOLMES, GOTT, and MACLAY.
From Pennsylvania: By Messrs. POLLOCK,
HAMPTON, and STEWART.
From Maryland: By Mr. EVANS.
From Virginia: By Mr. BOCOCK.
From North Carolina: By Mr. BARRINGER.
From Georgia: By Mr. KING.
From Kentucky: By Messrs. FRENCH and
BOYD.
From Tennessee : By Mr. GENTRY.
From Ohio: By Messrs. VINTON, CROW-
ELL, and DICKINSON.
From Mississippi: By Mr. THOMPSON.
From Illinois: By Messrs. SMITH, LIN-
COLN, and FICKLIN.
From Alabama: By Messrs. HOUSTON, HIL-
LIARD, and GAYLE.
From Missouri: By Messrs. JAMIESON and
PHELPS. '
From Arkansas: By Mr. JOHNSON.
STATE RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. CRANSTON presented certain resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of Rhode Island,
in favor of the plan of* Asa Whitney for a rail-
road from Lake Michigan to the Pacific; which
resolutions were laid upon the table and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. PHELPS presented certain resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of Missouri, asking
Congress to create a new Territory west of the
State of Missouri.
Also, asking a grant of land to aid in improving
the navigation of the Osage river; which resolu-
tions were appropriately referred and ordered to
be printed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Phineas Capen, administrator of John Cox, de-
ceased.
Also, a bill for the relief of Robert Roberts;
which bills were read a first and second time and
committed.
Also, an adverse report on the case of John R.
Williams. Laid on the table.
Mr. DANIEL P. KING, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for the
relief of Mary Brown, widow of Jacob Brown, a
revolutionary pensioner. Read a first and second
time and committed.
