1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
57
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS.
- Mr. B ROD HEAD, notice having been given,
obtained leave to introduce a bill relative to post-
age on newspapers. Read a first and second time
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. HENLEY, notice having Ijpen given, ob-
tained leave and introduced a joint resolution to
amend an act entitled " An act to establish certain
post routes and for other purposes," approved
Match 3, 1847. Read a first and second time and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON, having obtained
leave, introduced a bill for the relief of Russell
(joss. Read a first and second time and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
NOTICES OP BILLS.
Notices of motions for leave to introduce bills
were given, as follows:
By Mr. PEASLEE: Of a bill for the settlement
of the claims of New Hampshire against the Uni-
ted States, and also of a bill to change the place of
holding courts in New Hampshire.
By Mr. N. K. HALL: Of a bill concerning costs
in civil suits and proceedings in the name of the
United States.
By Mr. E. B. HOLMES: Of a bill to erect for-
tifications and establish a military depot at or near
the mouth of Genesee river, on Lake Ontario, in
the State of New York.
By Mr. CR0Z1ER: Of a bill making an appro-
priation of the public lands for the benefit of the
deaf, dumb, and blind.
, By Mr. RHETT: Of a bill authorizing the sev-
eral States in the Union to lay tonnage duties on
all vessels or steamboats entering their ports or
harbors, for the purpose of improving the naviga-
tion of the said States.
By Mr. GOGGlN: Of a bill making further ap-
propriations of land to satisfy Virginia military
land warrants for services during the revolutionary
war, and for other purposes connected with such
services.
By Mr. DUER: Of a bill to repeal so much of
chapters 33 and 63 of the act of the last session of
Congress as increase the franking privileges of
members of Congress, and forbid the transmission
of newspapers free of postage to a distance not ex-
ceeding thirty miles from the office of publication.
By Mr. TALLMADGE: Of a bill for the es-
tablishment of a branch of the mint of the United
States in the city of New York.
Also, a bill for the rescue and protection of per-
sons and property which may be shipwrecked on
the Atlantic coast.
By Mr. TH1B0DEAUX: Of a bill relating to
the collection district of New Orleans and for other
purposes.
By Mr. LINCOLN: Of a bill to amend an act
entitled " An act to raise for a limited time an ad-
ditional military force and for other purposes,"
approved February 11, 1847.
By Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL : Of a bill to
make appropriations of certain proceeds of public
lands in aid of education, and also of a bill to re-
vise the consular system of the United States.
By Mr. R. SMITH : Of a bill making an appro-
priation for the improvement of the Mississippi
river; of a bill making provision for the widows and
orphans of officers and soldiers killed in the present
war with Mcxico, or who have died in the service;
of a bill to provide for completing the Cumberland
road in the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and
Missouri; and also of a bill granting lands to aid
in the construction of certain railroads in the State
of Illinois.
By Mr. CATHCART : Of a bill to reduce the
minimum price of the lands acquired of the Miami
Indians; and of a bill to provide for the prosecu-
tion of the work upon the harbor at Michigan City,
in Indiana.
By Mr. JOHN W. HOUSTON : Of a joint
resolution of the thanks of Congress to Major
General Zachary Taylor, the officers 'and men
under his command, for gallant conduct at the bat-
tle of Buena Vista; which were read, by common
consent, for the information of the House:
Resolved by the Senate and. House of Representatives of the
United Stafes oj America in Congress assembled, That the
thanks of Congress are due, and they are hereby tendered,
to Major Genera! Zachary Taylor, and through him to the
officers and soldiers of the regular army and of tlie volun-
teers under his command, for their indomitable valor, skill,
and good conduct, conspicuously displayed on the 23d and
23d days of February last, in the battle of Buena Vista, in
defeating a numerous Mexican army, consisting of foui tunes
their number, and composed of chosen troops under their
favorite commander, General Santa Anna, and thereby ob-
taining a victory over the enemy which, for its signal and
brilliant character, is unsurpassed in the military annals of
the world.
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to cause to be struck a gold medal, with devices
emblematical of this splendid achievement, and presented
to Major General Taylor, as a testimony of the. high sense
entertained by Congress of his judicious and distinguished
conduct on that memorable occasion.
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to cause the foregoing resolutions to be communi-
cated to Major General Taylor in such manner as he may
deem best calculated to effect the objects thereof.
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion of Mr. JOHN Q.. ADAMS,
Resolved, That the same number of pages be employed for
the use of this House that we re employed previous to the
twenty-seventh Congress—viz: twelve.
Mr. GRINNELL moved the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That The Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire whether the President lias authorized the
fitting out a vessel to convey officers of the United States
army, navy, or other persons to the Mediterranean, for the
purpose of exploring and surveying the Dead Sea; and
whether the Constitution and laws of the United States give
the President authority so to do; and, further, whether the
Constitution gives to Congress the power to pass laws autho-
rizing the exploration, surveying, and improving the harbors
and nvers of the United States.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL inquired why this res-
olution was directed to the Judiciary Committee?
Mr. GRINNELL said he thought that the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary was the proper committee
to inquire into the subject.
The resolution giving rise to debate, was laid
over, under the rule.
On rfiotion of Mr. TRUMAN SMITH,
Resolved, That a select committe of five be appointed,
whose duty it shall be to inquire into and ascertain the aver-
age value of the foreign silver coins in circulation in the
United States which usually pass for one-eighth and one-
sixteenth of a dollar; and that they consider whatmeasures
should be adopted to substitute for such coins the dimes and
half-dime* of the United States, with liberty to repoitby bill
or otherwise, as they see fit.
Mr. TRUMAN SMITH moved the following
resolution :
Resolved, That~the memorials and petitions from citizens
of the United States who suffered by the spoliations of the
French prior to tiie 30th of September, 1800, now on the files
of the Clerk of this House, be taken therefrom and referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. WICK said it was his desire to debate this
resolution.
It was therefore laid over, under the rule.
On motion of Mr. NICOLL,
Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads to inquire into the expediency of abol-
ishing the present postnge on transient newspapers, and of
substituting in its place the same postage as is now charged
on newspapers regularly mailed by publishers thereof.
Mr. MURPHY asked leave to introduce the
following joint resolutions:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring herein,) That Congress
regards the enlightened policy of tho sovereign Pontiff of
Rome, in extending to his people toleration of political opin-
ion, a liberal pres?', and constitutional euarantees, and in re-
moving religious disabilities, as demanding its admiration,
inasmuch as such measures are founded upon principles
cherished by the people of the United Slates as the true basis
of popular liberty, and because they area voluntary and
peaceful tribute of power to right, unstained by blood, un-
bought by human suffering, and equally worthy of a high re-
ligious functionary and a wise temporal sovereign.
Resolved^ (the Senate concurring herein,) That, in viej^ of
these interesting events, a country to which the people of the
United States are indebted not nnly for many of the arts
which adorn life, but for many of the political institutions
which they enjoy, it is expedient that diplomatic relations
be opened by this Government with the Papal States, and
that Congress concurs with the President in his late message
in regard thereto.
He-solved, (the Senate concurring herein,) That the Presi-
dent be requested to transmit a copy of these resolutions to
Pope Pius IX.
The SPEAKER stated that the rules of the
House required a member to give at least one day's
notice of a motion for leave to introduce a bill or
joint resolution; and that it was not in order at this
time to introduce hills or joint resolutions.
Mr. MURPHY moved to suspend the rules to
enable him to introduce said joint resolutions.
Disagreed to.
On motion of Mr. HUNT,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of establishing a system of com-
rnrcial reciprocity between the United States and the
province of Canada, with a view to the admission of the pro-
ducts of either country into the ports of the other on a foot-
ing of equality.
On motion of Mr. CONGER,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of granting a
pension to Ruth Hornheck, formerly widow of Win. Scutt,
for the services of said Scutt as a soldiei of the Revolution \
and that said committee be authorised for this purpose to
withdraw from the files in the Pension Office all the papers
of said Ruth relating to said application*
On motion of Mr. SLINGERLAND,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of making an appropria-
tion to remove the-obstruction to the navigation of tb"e Hud-
son river, in the State of New York.
On motion of Mr. S. LAWRENCE,
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Pensions send to
this House the papers of John Mauley, on file in his office,
in aid of his application for a pension; and that such pa-
pers be referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions.
On motion of Mr. GOTT,
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of granting a pen-
sion to L. B. Canfield, for injuries received while in the
service of the United Stales, and a captain m the 23d regi-
ment of infantry, 111 the war with Great Britain in 1813; and
that said committee be authorized, for this purpose, to with-
draw from the files in the Pension Office all the papeis of
the said Canfield relating to said application.
On motion of Mr. McILVAINE,
Resolved, That the Committeeon the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending the post office laws, as to provide for the free
transit of newspapers through the mail within the county
in which they are published.
On motion of Mr. POLLOCK,
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of providing by
law for the allowance of reasonable compensation to the
clerks of the Dislhct Courts of the States, for the labor per-
formed by them in making out the returns exhibiting the
opetiiuons of the Jate bankrupt law ot the United Slates,
called for by a circular of the Seeietary of State, in execu-
tion of a resolution of the House of Representatives of the
^8th Congress.
On motion of Mr. POLLOCIv,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Pott.
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of giving
to the postmaster at Northumberland, Pennsylvania, a fixed
salary in lieu of the compensation at present received—the
said office being a distributing office, and the per centage
under the existing law being inadequate to the labor per-
formed.
On motion of Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL,
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs be in-
structed to inquire and report to this House on the expe-
diency of abolishing the present missions by Charges des
Affaires to Sardinia and Naples, and substitutingtherefor, to-
gether with the mission lately recommended by the President
to the Papal States, a full mission, by Minister Plenipoten-
tiary or Ambassador, to Italy, with Secretaries of Legation
to reside at Rome, Turin, ana Naples.
On motion of Mr. ANDREW STEWART,
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency ofgranting a pension
to Andrew Flanagan, an officer m the army during the late
war with Great Britain.
On motion of Mr. ALEXANDER EVANS,
Resolved, 7'hat the Clerk cause the usual number of cor-
rect copies of the Rules and Orders of this House as amended,
together with the Constitution of the United States and the
Joint Rules and Orders of the two Houses, to be printed lor
the use of the House, and that he shall prepare correct in-
dices thereto to be printed therewith.
Mr. McLANE moved the following resolution,
which was read and laid over under the rule;
Resolved, That the Secretary of War furnish this House
with the report and map ofFirst Lieut. Emory, of the Corps
of Topographical Engineers, of the route of the army upder
Genera! Kearny from the Missouri to the Pacific, with such
parte of the report of Lieut. Colonel Cook as are necessary to
illustrate his deviation from the route of General Kearny; and
also the report and map of Lieutenant Abert, of the Corps of
Topographical Engineers, of his examination ofthe province
of New Mexico; and also copies of any further reports in
relation to the operations of the army in Mexico which have
been received at the same department after the date of the
annual report of the Secretary of War.
On motion of Mr. McLANE,
Resolved, That the accompanying copy of a memorial,
addressed to the Postmaster OJeneral by certain merchants
and traders of the city of Baltimore, be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, with instructions
to inquire into the expediency of so amending the existing
Jaws for the transportation of the mails as will allow the
Postmaster General to contract for extra mail service as the
interest of the commercial community may require.
On motion of Mr. LIGON,
Resolved, That the papers relating respectively to the
claims of Samuel T. Anderson, Levi Collins, John Knight,
and John Knott, now on file in this House, or with the Com-
missioner of Pensions, be withdrawn therefrom, and refer-
red to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. GOGGIN moved the following resolution,
which was read and laid over under the rule:
Resolved, That the President of the United Stales be re-
quested to communicate to $is H-ouse any' instructions
