*58
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 20,
which may have been given to any of the officers of the
array or navv of the United States, or other persons, in re-
gard to the return of President General Antonio Lopez de
Santa Anna, or any other Mexican, to the Republic of Mex-
ico, prior or subsequent to the order of the President or Sec-
retary of War, issued in January, 1646, for the march of the*
army from the Nueces river aeross the " stupendous deserts"
which intervene to the Rio Grande; that the date of all such
instructions, orders, and correspondence, be set forth, to-
gether with the instructions an£ orders issued to Mr. Slidell
at any time, prior or subsequent to his departure for Mexico
a3 Minister Plenipotentiary of the United States to that Re-
public. * '
On motion of Mr. BEDINGER,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquiie into the expediency of manufacturing an
additional number of arms at the national armories of Har-
per's Ferry and Springfield.
On motion of Mr. BOCOCK,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of provi-
ding by law that deputy postmasters, instead of the compen-
sation now allowed them, shall receive the rate of commis-
sion specified in the act passed on the 1st day of March,
1847, entitled "An act to amend the act entitled'An act to re-
duce the rates of postage,' 35 &c.; said commissions, however,
to be computed on the quarterly receipts of their offices in-
• stead of on the annual receipts, as in said act provided.
2. Resolved, That the *aid committee inquire into the ex-
pediency of further providing that the Postmaster General
be authorized, in his next settlement with the deputy post-
masters, to carry back his compensation on the bat-is of the
foregoing resolution, to the l^t day of March, 1847, and allow
to said deputy postmasters any balance which may appear
in their favor "on such computation.
' Mr. BOCOCK submitted the following resolution,
which was read and laid over under the rule:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be requested to
communicate to this House what inconvenience, if any,
would result from carrying hack his settl*ment, asahove in-
dicated, to the 1st day of Match, L847; what amount would
thereby be taken from the department; and any other facts
in his knowledge tending to show the propriety or impropri-
ety of such an enactment.
On motion of Mr. BARRINGER,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads inquire into the expediency of increasing the commis-
sions and emoluments of the postmasters of the small class
of offices in the United Statcb.
Mr. ISAAC E. HOLMES moved the following
resolution, which was read and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means:
Resolved, That the moneys deposited with the several States
and Territories, as a loan from the tieasuiy of the surplus
revenue, b? now called for by the Government of the United
States before resort b'e bad to another loan.
Mr. T. B. KING moved the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That it shall be the duty of the Speaker, as soon
as practicable after the pasr-age of thi-  resolution, to cause
the desks to be removed from this Hall, the seats to remain
as they are until some better anangement can be made, which
is confided to him; and that a large table be placed in front
of the Clerk's desk for the use of the members.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved the previous
question.
Mr. McLANE moved to lay the resolution on
the table; which was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. GARNETT DUNCAN,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military AlTans be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency and propriety of ex-
tending the benefit of the piovisions of the 9th section of the
act of the 11th of Februaiy, 1847, entitled '-An act to raise,
for a limited time, an additional military force," &c., to such
officers as may have been commissioned upon promotion
from the ranks whilst in Mexico, during their term of service;
and also, whether substitutes who may have taken the places
of their principals, and served out their terms, should not
also have the benefit of said section extended to them; and
that said committee leport by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. CROZIER,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affaus be, and
it is hereby, instructed to inquire into the expediency of
pa> ing volunteers for horses that may have been lost by them
during the Mexican war, on account of then being thrown
overboard during stonris for the safety of vessels, and for
such as may have died for want of reasonable and proper
vessels and means of transportation, and for such other cases
ab thuy may think proper and right, not provided (or by ex-
isting laws; and that said committee have leave to repoit
by bill or otherwise.
Mr. COCKE moved the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War report to this House
the number of regulars enlisted and volunteers received
into the sscrvice of the United States since the commence-
ment of hostilities between the United States and Mexico;
what number of the same have been killed in battle, or died
from wounds received m battle; what number have died
fiom disease, and what number have been discharged as
unfit for sei vice m consequence of disability produced by
disease. Tiiat lie also report the strength of each regiment
when mustered into service, and their strength according
to the latent returns j and the State where raised, and the
amount of the regular army at the time of the commence-
ment of the war.
Mr. STANTON moved the following resolu-
tion; which was read and laid over, under the
rule:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to this House any correspondence which may lmve
recently taken place with the British Government relative
to the adoption of principles of reciprocity in the tfade and
shipping of the two countries; provided such communica-
tion shall not, in his judgment, conflict with the public
interest.
Mr. GENTRY moved the following resolution;
which was read and laid over, under the rule:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to communicate to this House the instructions
given to John Shdell as Minister Plenipotentiary arid Am-
bassador Extraordinary to the Government of Mcxico.
On motion of Mr. GEO. W. JONES,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to report a bill reviving and extending the pro-
visions of certain acts granting pensions to the widows of
revolutionary soldiers, approved July 7, 1838, March 3,
1843, and June 17,1844, the last of which will expire on the
4th of March, 1848.
On motion of Mr. CUMMINS,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency and pro-
priety of repealingso much of the thirteenth section of the
act of the 3d day of March, 1847, entitled An act to estab-
lish certain post routes and for other purposes," as prohib-
its editors and publishers of newspapers from sending their
papers to subscribers by the mail, free of charge oi postage,
to the distance of thirty miles from the place of publication;
and that said committee report to this House upon the sub-
ject at its earliest convenience.
On motion of Mr. VINTON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire if any further laws are necessary for the protection
of persons and passengers on board of vessels and boats
navigated by steam m the waters of the United States.
On- motion of Mr. DICKINSON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of appropriating a sum
of money out of the treasury, not otherwise appropriated,
sufficient to pay for all advances made for the subsistence
and transpoitation of volunteers, before they were mustered
into the service of the United States, since the 3d day of
March, 1847, and of the besi mode to settle, adjust, and pay
them off.
Mr. SCHENCK moved the following resolution,
which was read and laid over under the rule:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House, at a? early a day as
practicable, copies of all orders and communications sent
by him, or from any department of this Government, to any
officer of the United States, or other person claiming to act
under the authority of the United States, within or for the
Tei ritory of New Mexico, together with all reph es, reports,
or communications from any officer or officers, civil or mil-
itary, or claiming to be such under the authority of the Uni-
ted States, to the President, or to any department of this
Government, such oiders, communications, implies, and
reports, having relation to the establishment and mainte-
nance of civil or terutonal jurisdiction at Santa F6, or in
the Terntoiy of Now Mexico, on either side of the Rio
Grande, since the 22d day of September, 1846 ; and also,
that the President be requested toinform this House whether
any appointmentof officers has been made, or anyelections
held tor a delegate to Congress, members of a General As-
sembly or Territorial Legislature, or other local officers, un-
der the organic law or constitution and the code of laws
which were ordained and established by Brigadier General
S. W. Kearny for the Territory of New Mexico, at Santa
F^, on the said 22d day of September, 3 846; and also, [
whether any trials have taken place, and any or other pun- !
ishment been inflicted upon persons at Taos or elsewhere, J
in said Terntory of New Mexico, on the charge or for the '
crime of tieason, or for any other civil crime or imsdemea- I
nor; whether such trials and executions were had or inflict- I
ed under civil or military law; and how the court or courts j
were constituted which entertained jutisdiction or rendered I
judgment in any such case ; and also, that the President in- |
form this House whether the appointment of a Governor, i
Secretary of the Territory, Marshal, United States District !
Attorney, Treasurer, and Judges of the Supreme Court, in I
New Mexico, made by General Kearny, on the 22d day of ;
September, 1846, and claimed bv hnn m the order of said
appointments as a being duly authorized by the President of
the United States of America," was in fact authorized by
him, or has been since approved,sanctioned, or recognized;
and whether he has authorized, recognized, sanctioned, or
approved any subsequent appointment to civil office in said
Territory of New Mexico; and also, that the President in-
form this House whether compensation or salaries for official
services have been paid or allowed to such officers in the
Territory of New Mexico ; and, if so, out of what fund or
appropiiation of money, and by what authority of law.
On motion of Mr. HARMANSON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be, and is
hereby, instructed to inquire into the expediency of extend-
ing the port of New Orleans to the upper limits of the city
of Lafayette.
On motion of Mr. L,A SERE,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct-
ed to inquire into and report upon augmenting the number
of inspectors of th§ customs for the po'rt of New Orleans.
On motion of Mr. WICK,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency and necessity of
legislation to secure bounty lands to volunteers mustered
into the service during the present war with Mexico, as
non-commissioned officers, musicians, or privates, notwith-
standing their subsequent promotion to company or regi-
ment officers.
Mr. PETTIT moved the following- resolution:
Resolved, That, if in the judgment of Congress, it be neces-
sary to improve the navigation of a river to expedite and
render secure the movements of our army, and save from
delay and loss #ur arms and munitions of war, then Con-
gress has the power to improve such river.
Resolved, That if it be neccssary for the preservation of
the lives of our seamen, repairs, safety, or maintenance of
our vessel* of war, to improve a harbor or inlet, either on
our Atlantic or Lake coa&t, Congress has the power to make
such improvement.
Mr. PETTIT moved the previous question.
Mr. SIMS moved to lay the resolutions on the
'table; on which motion the yeas and nays w§re
ordered.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL called for a division of
the question, so as to take separate votes on lay-
ing each resolution on the table.
Mr. PETTIT said, as both resolutions were
alike, it was not in order to separate them.
The SPEAKER decided that the resolutions
were distinct and separate propositions, and that,
under the express rule of the House, any member
might call for a division of them. He thought it
was not too late for such a call, and that, the reso-
lutions being divided, the motion to lay on the
table would apply to them separately.
Mr. COLLAMER inquired if he understood the
Speaker to say that the motion to lay on the table
was divisible?
The SPEAKER replied to the gentleman from
Vermont: That the question of order is not whether
the motion to lay on the table is divisible, but
whether the original proposition of the gentleman
from Indiana is divisible." If the original resolu-
tions are susceptible of division, as the Chair can-
not doubt, and if a division of them is demanded
under the express rule of the House, then the mo-
tion to lay on the table, and all other motions in
; regard to them, would seem to apply separately to
' the resolutions as thus divided.
Mr. SIMS appealed from the decision of the
Chair.
The vote having been taken in the affirmative on
the appeal— *
Mr. BOYD rose and said, this was a question of
some importance; he therefore called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Boyd and
Pollock were appointed.
Mr. HUDSON rose and said the question was
not understood where he sat.
The SPEAKER again explained that the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Pettit] offered two reso-
lutions, which were divisible, if division were
called for. The gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Sims] moved ?o lay the resolutions on the
table. The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. C.
J. Ingersoll] called for a division of the question,
and the Chair, under what he conceived to be a fair
construction of the rulet thought the question was
still susceptible of a division, so that the vote would
first be taken on laying the first resolution on the
table, and afterwards on the second. The question,
therefore, was, Shall the decision of the Chair stand,
as the judgment of the House?
The question was put, and decided by tellers:
Ayes 63, noes 87. So the decision of the Chair
was not sustained.
The SPEAKER stated that the proposition of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. C. J. In-
gersoll] to have the question divided was not in
order under the decision of the House, and that the
question now was on laying both these resolutions
on the table; on which the yeas and nays had been
ordered.
The question on laying the resolutions on the
table was then put, and decided by yeas and nays,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayly, Beale, Bedinger, Black, Bocock,
Bowdon, Boyd, Brodhead, William G. Brown, Charles
Brown. Buit, Chase, Clapp, Franklin Clnrk, Howell Cobb,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Collins. Eckert, Pcatheraton,
Fickhn, FIoumov,Goggin, Green, Hammons. Harinnn-on,
Hill, George S. Houston, fngf, Charles J. ingersoll, Jack-
son, James If. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George VV.
Jonc*, Kaufman, Kennon, La S6re, Ltgon, Lord, Lumpkin,
Maclay,McCiernand, McDowell, McKay. McLane, Mann,
Meade, Miller, Morse, Murphy, Nicoll, Peaslee, Pillsbury,
Rhett, Hobinsson, SimjNin, Sims, Smart. Thomas, Jacob
Thompson, Thurston, Turner, Venable, Williams, Wiley,
and Woodward—70.
NAYS— Me:?sis. Abbott, John Uuincy Adams, Green
Adamrf, Afhmun, Barrmger, Barrow, Belcher, Bingham,
Birdsall, Blanchard, Bolts, Brady, Butler, Canby, Catheart,
: Chapman, Beverly L. Clark, Chngman, Collamer, Conger,
i Cranston, CroweJl, Crozier, Dickey, Dickinson, Dixon,
} Donnell, Duel, Daniel Duncan, Garnett Duncan, Dunn, Ed-
