1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
wards, Embree, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Farrelly,
Fisher, Freedley, Fries, Fiench, Fulton, Gayle,Gentry, Gid-
dmgs, Gott, Gregory, Grinnett, Hale, Wiliard P. Hull, Nathan
K." HalJ, James G. Hampton, Moses Hampton, Henley,
Hilhard, Ehas B. Holmes, John W. Houston, Hubbard. Hud-
son, Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jamieson, Jenkins,
Andrew Johnson, John W. Jones, Kellogg,Thomas B.King,
Daniel P. King, William T. Lawrence, Sidney Lawrence,
. Lincoln, McClelland, Mcllvajne, Marsh, Marvin, Morehead,
Morris, Mullin, Nelson, Nes, Newali, Outlaw, Palfrey, Peck,
Petric, Pettit, Phelps, Pollock, Preston, Putnam, Reynolds,
Richey, Rockhill, John A. Rockwell, Julius Rockwell, Ro-
man, Root, Ramsey, St. John, Sawyer, Schenck, Shepperd,
Slinjreiland, Robert Smith, Truman Smith, Stanton, Stark-
weather, Stephens, Andrew Stewart, Charles E. Stuart,
Strohm, Sylvester, Taylor, Tompkins, James Thompson,
- Richard W. Thompson, John B. Thompson, William
Thompson, Toombs, Tuck, Van Dyke, Vinton, Warten,
Wentworth, White, and Wilmot—124.
A motion to adjourn was here made and dis-
agreed to.
The question was then put, ."Is there a second
to the previous question?" and the House refu-
. sing to second the previous question—
Mr. HOWELL COBB stated his intention to
debate the resolutions, and they were laid over un-
der the rule.
' Ori motion of Mr. R. W. THOMPSON,
P"Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of paying to the
heirs and devices of Col. Francis Vigo, late of Indiana, de-
ceased, the sum of money, with interest, advanced by him
to General Roger Clark, while engaged in the prosecution of
the Illinois campaign; and that the papers on the files of this
House in relation thereto be referred to said committee.
On motion of Mr. DUNN,
. Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of increasing the
monthly and clothing pay of all non-counnia&ioned officers
and privates in the army of the United States, whether be-
longing to the regular or volunteer service, arid of making
.such additional allowance as may be just and reasonable to
all such officers and soldiers as aforesaid as have served out
the full time of their enlistment, or may have been honor-
ably discharged from the service during the present war with
Mexico; and that they report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON offered the following
resolution, which was read and laid over under
the rule:
Raolved, That the Secretin y of State be requested to com-
municate to this House all the information in his depart-
ment touching and relating to the suppression of the slave
trade, since the ratification of the treaty of Washington in
the year 3842.
Mr. RICHARDSON offered the following res-
olutions:
• 'Resolved, That the existing war with Mexico was just and
necessary on our part, and has been prosecuted with ,the
sole "purpose of vindicating oUr national rights andmoiior,
"and of securing an honorable peace. " 15
Resolved, That the rejection of our repeated overtures of
peace leaves thin Government no alternative but the most
vigorous prosecution of the war, in such manner, consistent
with the law of nations, as will make the enemy feel all its
Calamities and burdens, and until .Mexico shall agree to a
just and honorable peaco, piovtding satisfactory indemnity
in money or territory for past injuries, including the expenses
of the war.
Resolved, That the amount of indemnity must necessarily
depend upon the obstinacy of the enemy and the duration of
the war.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BOTTS moved that the resolutions lie on
the table.
A motion was here made that the House do now
adjourn, and decided in the negative, by yeas and
nays: Yeas 58, nays 132.
Mr. SCHENCK moved a call of the House, on
•which motion the yeas and nays were ordered.
A motion was here again made that the House
adjourn, and decided by yeas and nays in the
negative: Yeas 96, nays 98.' So the House again
-refused to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were then called on ordering
-a call of the House; and there were—yeas 107,
nays 84. So the House decided there should be
a call.
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 21,1847.
Mr. DIX, presented the memorial of David
Whelpeley, praying compensation for his services
in the expedition under General Pike to the sour-
ces of the Mississippi in 1805 and 1806; which was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. D. also presented the memorial of Amos
Holton, formerly a quartermaster in the army,
praying that the accounting officers may be direct-
ed to audit and settle his accounts; which vyas re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented the memorial of
Charles L. Dell, praying compensation for military
services performed by him in"the Seminole war;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. W. also presented the memorial of Francis
Martin; an officer of the Revenue service, pray-
ing compensation for services rendered by him in
the capacity of a lieutenant in the navy in the
Seminole'war; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BREESE presented two memorials of citi-
zens of the State of Illinois, praying that the right
of preemption may be allowed to the Illinois Cen-
tral Railroad Company to the lands over which
it is proposed to construct their road; which were
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented the
memorial of Lavinia Taylor, widow of a deceased
soldier, praying a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PELCH presented the petition of Charles
Bradbury, praying indemnity for French spolia-
tions, prior to 1800; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. DAYTON presented the memorial of Ann
J. Hassler, widow of Charles A. Hassler, de-
ceased, late a surgeon in the navy, praying to be
allowed a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of Thomas
N. Welch, administrator of Churchill Gibbs, de-
ceased, an officer in the revolutionary army,
praying to be allowed commutation pay; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
On motion by Mr. DIX, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Aaron Leggett, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
On motion by Mr. WESTCOTT, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Alexander Watson, on the
files of the Senate, be refei red to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. WESTCOTT, it was
Ordered, That the resolutions of the Legislature of Flor-
ida, on the files of the Senate, relating to indemnification
foi .losses by Indian depredations in the Seminole war, be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, ofMd., it was
Ordered, That the petiUon of John Devlin, on the files of
the Senate, be referred to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Md., it was
Ordered, That the petition of John McColgan,on the files
of the Senate; be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. CORWIN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the heirs of William A.
Slacum, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foieign Relations.
On motion by Mr. BUTLER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Milledge Galpbiti, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
On-motion by Mr. FAIRFIELD, it was
Ordered, That the petition of William T. Savward, and
others, owners of the brig Canton, on the files of the Senate,
be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Md., it was
Ordered, That James Foster, and the heirs of John H.
Stone, deceased, have leave to withdraw their petitions and
papers.
On motion by Mr. MASON," it was
Ordered, That the heirs of John and Henry Banks have
leave to withdraw their memorial and papers.
Mr. BRADBURY, Mr. BREESE, and Mr.
BRIGHT, gave notice that on to-morrow, or at
some early day, they would ask leave to introduce
certain bills which they named.
On motion by Mr. MANGUM, it iyas,
Ordered, That the Vice President be authoiized and re-
quested to appoint a superintendent of the Senate's ante-
chamber.
_ Mr. DAYTON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire whether any legislation be necessary to
carry into effect the treaty between this country and France,
of the 9th November, 1843, for the surrender of criminals
who are fugitives from justice, and the 10th article of the
treaty with Great Britain, of August 9,1842, upon the same
subject; and til at said committee report a bill to carry the
provisions of said treaties into elfect, if the same shall ap-
pear to be necessary.
_ Mr. BREESE submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to in-
. form the Senate if Fort Armstrong, on Rock Island, m the
State of Illinois, is now occupied by a fmlitary regiment;
1 and, if not, how long the same has been abandoned, In
whose charge the same is, and-on what terms; and also,
that he-communicate bis opinion-if the interests of the Gov-
ernment require that said site should, be reserved from
for military purposes.
Mr. ASHLEY submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered by.unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on, the- Judiciary, be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of extending ttye
provisions of the act entitled " An act to regulate-the exer-
cise of the appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of
the United States in certain cases,and for other purposes;"
approved February 22,1847, to all cases which have arisen
before the Territorial courts of Iowa, or which may here-
after aiise in the State of Iowa.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. MANGUM asked and
obtained leave to bring in a bill to direct the Sec-
retary of the Navy to purchase the patent-right of
the conical ventilator; which was read the first
and second times, by unanimous consent, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. DIX asked and ob-
tained leave to bring in a billl to repeal the act of
2d March, 1837, entitled " An act concerning pi-
lots;" which was read the first and second times,
by unanimous consent, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. DIX asked and ob-
tained leave to bring in a bill concerning testimo-
ny; which was read the first and second times, by
unanimous consent, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. ASHLEY asked and
obtained leave to bring in a bill to divide the dis-
trict of Arkansas into two judicial districts; which
was read the first and second times, by unanimous
consent, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. FOOTE asked and
obtained leave to bring in a bill for the relief of
Susan E. Gordon; which was read the first and
second times, by unanimous consent, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BALDWIN, from the Committee of
Claims, reported 'la bill authorizing the payment
of a sum of money to Robert Purkis; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Ordered, That the report be printed.
This bill having had a second reading, the Sen-
ate proceeded to its consideration as in committee
of the whole, when, on motion by Mr. GREENE,
it was
Ordered, That it lie upon the^able.
Mr. CASS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Mary Mac-
Rea, widow of Lieut. Col. William MacRea, late
of the United States Army, deceased; which was
read and passed to the second^reading.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the admin-
istratix of Elisha L. Keen; which was read and
passed to a second reading.
Ordered, That the report accompapying the bill
be printed.
Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, io whom was referred the bill for the relief
of Joseph Wilson, reported it without amendment.
Ordered, That the report accompanying: the bill
be printed.
Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported the bill for the relief of Walter R.
Johnson; which was read and passed to a second
reading.
Ordered, That the report accompanying the bill
be printed.
On motion by Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered. That the Committee of Claims be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the peti-
tion of Caleb Green; and that it be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 21, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, rose and inquired
if his name was recorded on the Journal as he
found it in the Union on a vote which was taken
yesterday. After the resolutions on the subject of
the Mexican war were introduced yesterday by the
gentleman from Illinois [Miv Richardson] there
were two motions "made'to' adjourn. He was re-
