60
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 21,
corded in the Union as having voted on one of
those motions in the affirmative. He had voted on
each in the negative.
The SPEAICER stated that the gentleman was
recorded on the Journal as having voted in the
negative on both motions.
The Journal was then approved.
The SPEAKER announced the first order to be
the calling of the States for petitions.
Mr. PETTIT rose to a question of order, and
wished to know if the business first in order this
morning was not that pending at the adjournment
last evening, viz: the call of the States for resolu-
tions.
The SPEAKER stated that the — rule of the
House prescribed that during the first thirty days
of the session the call of the States for petitions
was first in order.
Mr. PETTIT. We adjourned yesterday upon
a call of the House; and will not the business in
which we were then engaged be the first in order
this morning ?
The SPEAKER replied that it had been uni-
formly decided that an adjournment suspends all
proceedings in a call of the House. And the Chair
would state, as he had stated yesterday, that the
first business under the rule was the call upon all
the States for petitions, then the call of all the
committees for reports, and then the call of all the
States for resolutions.
The£JRAiR then commenced the call of the
States for petitions, commencing with the Territo-
ry of Wisconsin, and going backwards.
Petitions were presented— *
From Florida: By Mr. CABELL.
From Missouri: By Messrs. JAMIESON and
HALL.
From Texas: By Mr. KAUFMAN.
From Tennessee: By Mr. J. H. THOMAS.
Froip Ohio: By Messrs. SAWYER, FARAN,
and GIDD1NGS.
Mr. GIDDINGS presented the memorial of
certain citizens of the District jof Columbia, repre-
senting—
" Tiiat the slave trade is now carried on in the Distiict of
Columbia to a large extent. Your petitioners, therefore,
respectfully ask that all laws authorizing or sanctioning such
trade withm said Distiiec may be repealed.
William Flaherty, Columbus McLeod,
{< William .Blanchard, Wm. Greer,
"George Savage, John T. Whi taker,
"J. C. Greci, Jaines Handley,
{(B. Milburn, Martin Bneli,
"C. S. Eowler, J. F. Callan,
« T. M.TWilburn, H. Taylor,
" Charles C. Moore, Thomas P Vial,
"Joseph Scholfield, Thomas Fitnam."
Mr. G. moved to refer this memorial to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, with instructions to inquire
into the constitutionality of all laws by which slaves
are held as property m the District of Columbia.
Mr. J. R. IIsGERSOLL said he rose to a point
of order. He said his point of order was, that it
was a mere abstract pioposition which was pro-
posed to be referred to the Judiciary Committee,
and that no action could result from the reference
of the petition.
Mr. CLINGMAN inquired if a motion to lay
the petition on the table had been made.
After some conversation, the question was put
on laying the petition on the table, and the vote
stood: Yeas 97, nays 97, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barnnger, Barrow, Bayly, Beale, Bed-
inger, Birdsall, Black, ttouock, Botts, Bowdon, Boyd,
Boydon, Bxodhead, William G. Brown, Charles Brown,
Buckner, Burt, Cabell, Chapman, Chase, CJapp, Franklin
Clark, Beverly L. Clark, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Cocke, Collins, Ciozier, Daniel, Dickinson, Ponnell,
Ale\andej: Evans, Featherston, Fickhn, Flournoy, French,
Fulton, Gayle, Gentry, Goggin, Green, Willaid P. Hail,
Hammons, Harmanson, Harris, Hill, I. E. Holmes, George
S. Houaon, Inge, Jamieson, Andrew Johnson, James H.
Johnson, Robeit W. Johnson, George W. Jones, John W.
Jones, Kaufman, Kennon, T B. King, La Sdre, [Ligon.j
Lumpkin, McClenuuid, McDowell-, McKay, MoLane,
Meadp, duller, Moise, Murphy, Nes, Outlaw, Pettit, Peyton,
Phelps, Pilisbury, Preston, Rhett, Richardson, Richey, Rob-
inson, Roman, Sawyer, Sheppeid, Simpson, Sims, Robert
Smith, Stanton, Stephens, Thibodeanx, Thomas Tompkins,
Jacob Thompson, Toombs, Venable, Wick, Williams, Wiley,
and Woodward—97.
NAYS—Me^r&. Abbott, John Qnincy Adams, Green Ad-
ams Boicher, Blanchard, Brady, Butler, Canby, Chngman,
Collainer, Conger, Cranston, Crowell, Cummins, Dickey,
Dixon, Duer, Daniel Duncan, Dunn, Eckert, Edwards, Em-
bree, Nathan Ev an&,Faran, Farrelly, Fisher. Freediey, Fries,
Giddings, Gott, Gregory, Giinnoll, Hale, 'Nathan K Hall,
Jamed G. Hampton, Moses Hampton, Henley, Elias B.
Holmes, John W. Houston, Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt.Charles
J. Ingeruo!!, Joseph R. Injjer-oll, Jrvin, Jenkins, Kellogg,
Daniel P, King, Wjlliam T. Lawrence, Sidney Lawrence,
Lincoln, Loid, McClelland, Mcf J vame, Maim, Marsh, Mar-
vin, Morris, Mullin, Nelson, Newell, Nicoll, Palfrey, Peas-
lee, Peck, Pollock, Putnam, Reynolds, Rockhitl, Julius
Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root, Ruin&ey, St. John,
Scheticfc,Sherrill,sSlingerland,Smart,1Truman Smith, Statk-
weather, Andrew Stewait, Charles E. Stuart, Strohm,
Strong, Sylvester, TaJlmadge, Taylor, James Thompson,
Richard W. Thompson, William Thompson, Thurston,
Tuck, Turner, Van Dyke, Warren, Wentworth, and White
—97.
The SPEAKER said the Chair had uniformly
voted on the floor to give a respectful consideration
to all petitions when presented in proper teims;
he, therefore, now voted in the negative.
The motion to lay on the table was therefore
rejected.
Mr. JOHN G. CHAPMAN said, as the memo-
rial had reference to the District of Columbia, he
therefore moved its reference to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr..HOWELL COBB stating his desire to de-
bate the memorial, it was laid over under the rule.
- The call of the States for petitions was then con-
tinued, and petitions were further presented—
From Ohio: By Mr. R. DICKINSON.
From Louisiana: By Mr. HARMANSON.
From Alabama: By Mr. GAYLE.
Mr. BOTTS asked the consent of the House to
offer a resolution; but—
Mr. PHELPS objecting, the resolution was not
received.
The call of the States for petitions was then con-
tinued, and they were presented—
From Georgia: By Mr. T. B. KING.
• From Virginia: By Mr. FLOURNOY.
From Maryland: By Mr. ROMAN.
From New York: By Messrs. LORD, KEL-
LOGG, S. LAWRENCE, TALLMADGE, N.
K. HALL, and E. B. HOLMES.
From Connecticut: By Mr. JOHN A. ROCK-
WELL.
From Massachusetts: By Messrs. PALFREY
and JOHN a. ADAMS.
From New "Hampshire: By Messrs. J. H.
JOHNSON and TUCK.
From Maine: By Mr. BELCHER.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr, THIBODEAUX, notice having been given,
obtained leave and introduced a bill relating to the
collection district of New Orleans. Read a first
and second time, and referred.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH, notice iiaving been
given, obtained leave and introduced a bill to pro-
vide for the completion of the Cumberland road in
the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri.
Read a fust and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Notices of motions for leave to introduce bills
were given as follows:
By Mr. R. W. JOHNSON: Of a bill to settle
the boundaries of the land districts which border
upon the boundary line between Arkansas and
Missouri.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: Of a bill to grant the
right of way and of preemption to all railroads
which may be constructed over the public lands.
Also, of a bill for an additional district of the
United States courts in the State of Illinois.
Also, a bill to establish a marine hospital at
Chicago.
Also, a bill for the improvement of certain har-
bors and rivers.
By Mr. FICKLXN: Of a bill granting lands to '
aid in the construction of the Central Railroad, the i
Terre Haute and St. Louis Railroad, and the
Northern (Sross Railroad, in the State of Illinois.
- Also, of a bill relative to the Cumberland Road,
in Illinois.
By M if ROBERT SMITH: Of a bill to amend !
an act entitled "An act to appropriate the proceeds :
of the sales of the public lands, and to grant pre- 1
-emption rights." j
Also, of a bill to establish a mail route from Bel- 1
videre, in the State of Illinois, to Shullsburg, in
Wisconsin Territory.
Also, of a bill for a mail route from Elizabeth,
in the State of Illinois, to Freeport and Rock Run,
in the same State.
Also, of a bill for a mail route from Freeport, in
the State of Illinois, to Monroe and Madison, in
the Territory of Wisconsin.
By Mr. McCLERNAND: Of a bill to establish
a national armory at Fort Massac, in the State of
Illinois.
By Mr. FARAN: Of a bill to amend the act
entitled " An act extending the jurisdiction of the
district courts to certain places upon the lakes and
navigable waters connecting the same," approved
the 26th February, 1845.
Ry Mr. LA SERE: Of a bill for the relief of
William De Buys, late postmaster at New Or-
By Mr. BOWDON: Of an act to increase the
sale and promote the settlement of the public lands
in the State of Alabama.
By Mr. W. R.JW. COBB: Of a bill to reduce
and graduate the price of the public lands to set-
tlers and cultivators.
Also, of a bill to authorize soldiers to locate
their land warrants in forty-acre tracts.
_ By Mr. MURPHY: Of a bill to establish the
city of Brooklyn as a port of entry.
By Mr. HAMMONS: Of a bill to extend the
provisions of the act of June 7,1832, entitled "An
act supplementary to the act for the relief of cer-
tain surviving officers and soldiers of the Revolu-
tion, " to every officer and soldier who served as
specified in said act for the period of three months.
Mr. ADAMS asked the consent of the House
to introduce the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to by the House:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State report to this House
the state of the claims of Aaron Legget on the Government
of Mexico, decided under the convention of the 11th April,
1839, and such action as may have been had, and th<  papers
relating thereto m the Department of State, «inee the report
upon them of the Committee of Foreign Affairs in August,
1842, referring them for further consideration to the Execu-
tive branch of the Government.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. VINTON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making an appropria-
tion to supply in part a deficiency in the appro-
priations fur subsistence in kind of the army and
volunteers during the year ending the 30th of June,
1848. Read a first and second time, and commit-
ted to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
In making this report Mr. VINTON said he
would state that it was important that the bill be
acted on immediately. He proposed after the bill
was referred, to move that the House resolve itself
into a Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union for the purpose of considering this bill. He
held in his hand a communication from the War
Department, which he would send to the Clerk's
table, and asked that it might be referred with the
bill.
The SPEAKER stated, that under the strict ap-
plication of the rule it was not in order to act upon
any bill which involves appropriations the same
day in which it was introduced. It could only be
done by general consent.
[A voice: "Suspend the rules."]
The SPEAKER stated further that no motion
could be made to suspend the rules, except on
Monday, unless it were during the last ten days of
the session.
Mr. COLLAMER. Is there not an exception
in the rule in favor of the appropriation bills?
The SPEAKER. There is an exception in favor
of appropriation bills which enables the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union to take
up appropriation bills out of the order of their ref-
erence to the committee; which order is required
by the rule to be observed with reference to other
bills. But there is no rule which admits of a sus-
! pension for a purpose like this.
I Mr. VINTON asked that the communication
j from the War Department be read; and after the
i House had heard it he would ask the general con-
|| sent to go into committee to consider the bill.
ij Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. If the gentleman
;i will allow the other committees to report, which
II will take half an hour, probably there will be no
jl objection.
| The question was then taken and the communi-
. cation was referred.
| Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL, from the Com-
j mitteeof Claims, to which was referred the Senate
j bill for the relief of John Paul Jones, reported the
| bill back to the House with an amendment, accom-
j panied by a report.
j The bill and ieport were referred to the Com-
! mittce of the Whole House, and the report ordeied
j to be printed.
; Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, from the Committee
i on the Judiciary, to which was referred the memo-
