1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61
rial of the Kennet Monthly Meeting of the Society
of Friends of Chester county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for the abolition of slavery in the District of
Columbia, reported that the committee asked to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
memorial, and that it lie on the table.
Also, from the same committee, to which had
been referred a bill Supplementary to an actentitled
"Ad act to regulate the exercise of the appellate
jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the United
States in certain cases and for other purposes, "re-
ported the same with an amendment.
Mr. I. said the bill would involve no discussion,
aild asked that the House would act on it imme-
diately,
On some remark from the. Speaker, not heard
by the reporter, Mr. I. did not pressv his desire
for immediate action.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, reported a bill directing the
mode of settling the claims of Charles (r. Ridgely.
Read a first and second time, and committed, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. VINTON rose and said that, instead of
moving to go into Committee cf the Whole on the
state of the Union to-day on the bill which he had
a few minutes ago reported, he would move that
the letter from the Secretary of War, with th$ ac-
companying letter of the Commissary General of
Subsistence, be printed, (they would probably be
printed and laid on their tables to-morrow morn-
ing,) with a view to move to go into Committee of
the Whole to-morrow.
The question being taken, the printing was or-
dered.
Mr. T. B. KING asked leave to offer a resolu-
tion.
Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON called for the
orders of the day.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
The SPEAKER then announced that at the ad-
journment of the House yesterday the pending
question was the motion of Mr. Botts to lay the
"resolution moved by Mr. Richardson on the
table.
Mr. BOTTS withdrew the motion to lay the
resolution on the table, in order, he said, that the
■House might take a direct vote on the resolution.
Mr. STEPHENS inquired of the Chair if it
was in order to have an amendment read, which
he should offer in case the demand for the previous
question was not seconded ?
The SPEAKER replied that he believed it had
been the practice of the House to allow proposi-
tions which it was intended to offer to be read,
although it was not strictly in order. It had been
allowed by the courtesy of the House.
T.he House acquiescing in this suggestion, and
no objection being made to the reading—
Mr. STEPHENS sent up to the Clerk's table
the proposition which he repeated he intended to
offer as an amendment, in case the previous ques-
tion were not sustained.
It was read, as follows:
Whereas it is no less desirable that the interests and honor
of our country should be cordially sustained and defended
bo long as the present war with Mexico continues to exist,
than that the conflict should not be unnecessarily prolonged,
but should be terminated as soon as an honorable peace can
be obtained ; and whereas it is believed that a diversity of
opinion prevails to a considerable extent as to the ultimate
aims and objects for which the war should be prosecuted;
and it being proper that this matter should be settled by the
clear expression of the legislative will, solemnly proclaimed
to the world:
Be U therefore resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United States in Congress assembled, That
the present war with Mexico should not be waged or pros- ;
eeuted " with a view to conquest," either by the subjugation j
of dismemberment of that Republic.
Be it further resolved by the authority aforesaid, That it is
the desire of the United States that hostilities should be ter-
minated upon terms honorable to both parties, embracing a
mutual settlement of the questions growing out of the " pro-
per and rightful" boundary of Texas, and a full recognition i
and proper provision on her part to be made for all the just 1
claims of our citizens against that country—the whole to be
adjusted by negotiation, to be instituted and effected accord-
ing to the constitutional forms of each Government respec-
tively.
Mr. BOTTS rose and said he had a substitute
for the resolutions of the gentleman from Illinois,
' which he should propose when in order, and he
now asked that it be read.
Mr. PETTIT rose to a question of order, and
inquired of the Speaker if it was in order to read
these various propositions after the previous ques-
tion had been demanded.
The SPEAKER replied, that if the gentleman
from Indiana insisted on his objection, the paper
could not be read* They had generally been al-
lowed to be read as a matter of courtesy on the part
of the House.
Mr. PEXTIT not persisting in his objection—
The proposition of Mr. Botts was read, as fol-
lows:
1. Resolved, That among the highest duties that can de-
volve upon the Representatives of the People is the preser-
vation of the national integrity, a strict observance of the
limitations <jf the Constitution, and a firm resistance to Ex-
ecutive encroachment.
2. Resolved, That any war which lifts for its object the ac-
quisition of territory by conquest, brings into question the
national character, is in violation of the Constitution of the
United States, in conflict with the geilius and spirit of our
institutions, and dangerous to the perpetuity of the Union.
3. Resolved;, That the war in which we are now engaged
was not brought on by the act of Mexico. "
4. Resolved, That the war with Mexico was brought On
by the unauthorized <u:t ofthe PieMdentot the United btates,
in ordering the army undei theeommand of General Taylor
into territory then in possession of the Mexican Republic.
5. Resolved, That we have no right to claim indemnity
for the expen&es of a war brought on by the ill-advised and
unprovoked act of our own public functionaries.
6. Resolved, That the honor of this nation does not con-
sist in exacting territory from Mexico, tu which we have no
claim, and yielding to Great Britain territory the title to
which was asserted to be " clear and unquestionableand
that to evade the strong and pursue the weak does not pre-
sent the honor, courage, or greatness of our people in their
true light.
7. Resolved, That to exact indemnity from Mexico would
devolve upon us the necessity of making a similar demand
in all future wars?, which would involve us in interminable
conflict, or of surrendering a principle now insisted on as
indispensable to the preservation of our national honor.
8. Resolved;, That no new territory can be annexed to the
United States by virtue of the war, without involving the
agitation ofdomestic difficulties, begetting sectional animos-
ities, and weakening the ties that connect us together.
9. Resolved, That if the conquest of teiritorv be not the
object of the war, we can perceive no good reason for con-
tinuing our troops in the heart of the enemy's country, by
which their lives are unnecessarily exposed, and our re-
sources uselessly expended.
10. Resolved, That a oonquenng nation has nothing to
appiehend from an exhibition of magnanimity and generos-
ity to a defeated roc ; and that a victorious army may retire
from the pursuit of carnage and slaughter without incurring
the imputation of retreating from the scattered and discom-
lited lorces of the enemy.
11. Resolved, That the most efficient, if not the only
means of restoring a speedy and honorable peace would
be, under proper prehmunartj arrangements, to withdraw our
troops, already covered with glory and surfeited with suc-
cess, to the true and legitimate boundary of Texas at the
time of its annexation to the United States.
12. Resolved, That our institutions, founded on the rights
of man, repudiate the doctrine that ''might makes right,"
as the freebooter's plea and the pirate's law; and, so long
as we offer an asylum to the oppressed, and recognize
" life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness " among the in-
alienable rights of man, we cannot insist upon the dismem-
berment of an empire as the price of peace.
13. Resolved, Tiiat if, upon the restoration of peace, the
necessities of our commerce shall require a harbor in any
pat t of the Mexican teintory in California, we are able, and
should be willing, to pay therefor, as would become a great
and an honest people.
14. Resolved, That if it shall be determined by the people,
through their Representatives, that this war shall be turther
prosecuted in MexiGo, it then becomes the duty of all par-
ties to protect our national tiag and brave army, by furnish-
ing all needful supplies of men and money to carry it on
with vigor and effect.
Mr. RHETT rose, and inquired of the Chair
if the previous question had been moved on the
pending proposition of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Richardson] ?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. RHETT. Then no observations are in
order? w -
The SPEAKER. No observations are in order.
Mr. RHETT. I will only say, I hope the pre-
vious question will be voted down, in order that
we may have a fair vote upon these various prop-
ositions.
The SPEAKER announced the pending quesr
tion to be on seconding the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, said he believed
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson]
had demanded the previous question. Was it not
now competent for him to withdraw, to receive an
amendment, and then to renew it ? Or might not
both these propositions be offered as amendments,
and then the previous question be renewed ?
The SPEAKER replied, that there might be
offered an amendment to an amendment, so that
all these three propositions might be voted on.
Mr. McLANE wished to know, in case the de-
mand for the previous question was, seconded by
the House, whether it would then be competent to
consider amendments ?
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
Mr. WENTWORTH inquired whether it
would be in the power of his colleague, in case he
withdrew his demand for the previous question, to
let in these two propositions and then renew it, so
Athat the House might vote upon them?
The SPEAKER'S reply, if any, was not heard.
Mr. BOTTS said he hoped it would be the
pleasure of the House to vote down the previous
question," and then to refer all these propositions to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and make them the special order for some
day not far distant.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, gave notice of a
proposition which he should submit when in order,
and asked for its reading.
The SPEAKER. If there is no olljcction, the
proposition of the gentleman from Indiana will be
read.
No objection being made—
The Clerk commenced the reading of Mr.
Thompson's resolutions; and before he had con-
cluded—
Mr. C. BROWN rose and inquired if this was
a new proposition ? [Cries of "Yes, yes!"] Then
he objected to these propositions.
The SPEAKER said, the reading having been
commenced by general consent, the objection came
too late.
[Cries of "Read, read!"]
The Clerk accordingly continued and concluded
the reading of the resolutions, which are as fol-
lows:
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States oj America in Congress assembled, That,
m the opinion of Congress, the President of the United
States should forthwith caine to he eommuniratPd to the
Government of Mexico, that peace may be immediately
established between the twocountnes upon the following
teims, to wit:
First. That the boundary line between the United States
and Mexico shall be as follows, to wit: beginning at the
Gulf of Mexico, near the mouth of the Rio Nueces, and
running thence northwest, with the course of said Bio
Nueces, so as to include all the Texan settlements south
and west of said river, made piior to the annexation of
Texas to the United States; thence up the said Rio Nueces
until it reaches the line which separated the Province of
Texas, before her independence, from the Provinces of
New Mexico, Coahuila, and Tamaulipas; and thence along
said line, to the Rio Roxo or Red River.
Second. That the Government of the United States, dis-
avowing the intention of acquiring or holding the same by
conquest, will purchase from Mexico, with the consent of
the Government of Mexico, the territory embraced within
the following boundary, to wit: beginning at a point on the
Gulf of Mexico as near as may be to the centre of the great
desert or praiiie which lies between the waters of the Rio
Grande and the Rio Nueces; thence,^following the course
of the centre of the said desert or prairie, northwest, to the
range of mountains which divide the waters of the Rio
Grande from those that run eastward to the Gulf of Mexico,
and pursuing said range of mountains until it strikes the line
of north latitude 36® 30'; thence, by that paiallel of latitude,
west, to the Pacific ocean, so a? to include within the Uni-
ted States the bay and city of Monteiey, in Upper Califor-
nia.
Third. That, in consideiation ofthe cession of the teni-
tory embraced within the foregoing boundary, the Govern-
ment of the United States shall pay to the Government
of Mexico such sum of money as may be agreed upon by
and between commissioners to be appointed upon the part
of each Government: Provided, That there shall be de-
ducted out of the sum so agieed on whatever amount may
have been due by Mexico to the United States before the
commencement of the war, if the sum so agreed on shall
exceed the amount so found to he due to the United States.
Fourth. That the Government of the United States shall
ask from the Government of Mexico no indemnity whatso-
ever for the expenses ofthe war.
Fifth. That, so soon as a treaty of peace shall have been
made and ratified by and between the two Governments, the
army of the United States shall be withdrawn from every
portion of the territory of Mexico now or at that time in its
possession.
Sicrth. That the Government of the United States will
guaranty to the Government of Mexico that all persons, now
citizens of Mexico, who possess property within the territory
thus proposed to be ceded to the United States, shall con-
tinue to hold and enjoy the same under the laws and insti-
tutions ofthe United States.
Mr. TOOMBS asked the indulgence ofthe House
to permit him to have read a resolution on this*
same subject, which he had prepared. He said it
would occupy very little ofthe time ofthe House,
as it was very short.
The Clerk read it, as follows:
Resolved, That neither the honor nor the' interest of this
Republic demands the dismemberment of Mexico, or the
annexation of any portion of her territory to the United
States as an indispensable condition to the restoration of
peace.
Mr. VANDYKE said he too had some resolu-
tions which he desired to have read.
The Clerk then read them as follows:
Resolved, That, in the opinion of this House, the order of*
this Government that General QPaylor with his army should
