62
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 22,
take position on the bank of the Rio Grande, which resulted
in the blockade of that river and The pointing of the guns of
the United States upon a Mexican town on the other side,
was unnecessary and unwise, was an act of aggression in
itself, and the immediate cause of conflict between the two
nations. „ , .
Resolved, That the invasion of the territories of Mexico
south and west of the Bin Grande, either by sea or by land,
and the storming and capturing of her towns and the slay-
ing of her people within such territories, were acts of injus-
tice cruelty, and wrong; and that the requiring of Mexico,
at the peril'of her national existence, to enter into treaty
stipulations with us, while her country is surrounded by our
navy, her capital and chief towns in our possession, her
countiy subjugated and her people crushed aitd prostrate
beneath our power, and with our resistless cannon frowning
upon her, and our conquering sword gleaming above her,
is unreasonable and unfair towards Mexico, as one of the
contracting parties, and unmagnanimous and unchristian in
us.
Revived, That the present war with Mexico should not
be prosecuted any further for any purpose whatever; that
the whole of our forces in the Mexican country should be
withdrawn as speedily a* possible, and placed on territory
winch belongs to this country; and that the Administration
be furnished with all the men and money necessary to pro-
tect our troop* now in Mexico, and to accomplish such
withdrawal in' the most practicable way, without harm or
danger.
Resolved, That, after the withdrawal of our troops as afore-
said, east of the Rio Grande, the President of the United
States be requested to send a commissioner or commission-
ers to Mexico, to settle the question of boundary between
this country and Mexico, together with such other ques-
tions as may properly come before them.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON thought it possible, by-
8ome sort of arrangement—by the unanimous con-
sent of the House—that they could have all these
propositions voted upon and disposed of at once.
For one, he was now ready to vote upon them, and
he supposed that every member on his side of the
House was ready also. [Cries of u Order!"] He
desired to see the previous question applied to all
these propositions, and the House vote upon each
in its order.
[Ciies of " Order!"]
Mr. G. J. INGERSOLL inquired if his friend
[Mr. Richardson] had withdrawn the previous
question? [Cries of " No, no !"] He hoped he
would not.
The SPEAKER interposed, and reminded the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that debate was not
ill Older. The question was, " Is there a second
to the demand for the previous question ?"
Mr. STEPHENS called for tellers.
Mr. HILLIARD inquired what the previous
question would operate upon, and whether, if there
was no second, these propositions would not go
over if any gentleman desired to debate them.
The SPEAKER replied that there was but one
proposition before the House, and, if there was no
second, it would go over il' any gentleman desired
to debate it.
Tellers were then ordered, and Messrs. Thibo-
deaux and Peck were appointed; and having taken
the vote, they announced 90 in the affirmative, and
102 in the negative. So there was no second.
Mr. STEPHENS then said that he proposed to
debate this resolution.
The SPEAKER. Then it will go over, of
course.
Mr. BOTTS said, if it were m order, he would
move that all these several propositions be printed,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and made the order of the day
for the 3d of January.
[A voice. The special order.]
Mr. STEPHENS inquired if the notice he had
given to debate these propositions would not, as a
matter of course, carry them over.
The SPEAKER required gentlemen to take
their seats, that the House might proceed with its
business.
[The members were standing over the whole
surface of the floor, intently listening to the differ-
ent propositions.]
The SPEAKER then announced that the gen-
tleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] proposed to
debate the only resolution before the House, the
others- having been read for information, and there-
fore were not in the possession of the House.
Mr. BOTTS supposed he could move to make
them the special order of the day for the 3d Janu-
ary, by general consent.
Objections were made.
Mr. SCHENCK rose to a question of order.
He understood the original resolution was offered
yesterday, and if objection had then been made, it
must have gone over; but the same rule did not
now apply, and now the House might proceed to
me debate.
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order,
and called on the State of Illinois for resolutions.
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. WENTWORTH submitted a resolution,
and on it he asked for the previous question.
The Clerk read the resolution as follows:
Resolved, That the General Government has the power to
construct such harbors and improve such rivers as are
" necessary and proper" for the protection of our navy
and our commerce, and alsd for the defences of our coun-
try.
Mr. VENABLE moved to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. "WENTWORTH called for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
Mr. VENABLE withdrew his motion.
A brief conversation ensued between Mr.
GAYLE, the SPEAKER, Mr. G. S. HOUSTON,
and Mr. WENTWORTH, on a point of order.
Mr. ROOT then called for tellers on seconding
the demand for the previous question, and they
were ordered.
Messrs. Root and McClelland were appointed
tellers, and they reported 104 in the affirmative.
There was therefore a second.
The SPEAKER stated the next question to be,
" Shall the main question be now put?"
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, before he voted, de-
sired the mover of the resolution to give him some
information respecting a term used in it, as he was
somewhat at a loss to know its precise meaning.
What did the gentleman mean by the term "Gov-
ernment?55
The main question was ordered.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the resolution; and they
were ordered.
Mr. CUMMINS asked for a division of the
question, so that the vote should be taken sepa-
rately on the portions referring to military and
commercial purposes.
The SPEAKER said the call for a division came
too late.
The main question was then put: " Will the
House agree to the said resolution ?" and the yeas
and nays were as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Abbott, John Quiacy Adams, Green Ad-
ams, Ashmun, Barringer, Barrow, Belcher, Bingham,Bnd-
sall, Rlanehard, Botts, Boydon, Brady, Buokner, Butler,
Cabell, Can by, Chapman, Clapp, Franklin Clark, Clmgman,
Cocke, Collamcr, Collins, Congei, Cranston, Cioweli, Cro-
zicr, Dickey, Dickinson, Dixon, Donneil, Duer, jDanielDun-
can, Gainttt Duncan, Dunn, Eckert, Edvvaids, Embree,
Alexander fivans, Nathan Evans, Fan elly, Filler, Freedley,
French, Fulton, Gayle, Genti), Giddiuus, Gogyin, Gott,
Giecn, Gregory, Grinnell, Hale, Willard P. Hull, Nathan iC.
Hall; Jame- G. Hampton, Moses Hampton, Henley, Heniv,
Hiliiard, Elias B. Holmes, John W. Houston, Hubbard, Hud-
son, Hunt, Joseph R. IngersolJ, Irvui, Jatmeson, Jenkins,
Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, John W. Jones, Kel-
logg, Thomas B. King, Daniel P. King, William T. Law-
rence, Sidney Lawrence, Lincoln, McClelland, McJlvaine,
Marsh, Marvin, Morehead, Mullin, Nelson, Nes, Newall,
Outlaw, Palfrey, Peck, Petrie; Peyton, Pillsbuiy, PoHock,
Preston, Putnam, Reynolds, Richey, Rockhiil, Julius Rock-
well, John A. Rockwell, Roman, Root, Ramsey, St, John,
Schenck, Shepperd, Sherrill, Slingerland, Smati, Truman
Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Stephens, Andtuw Stewart,
CnailesE. Smart, Strohm, Strong, Sylvester, TaJlinadge,
Thibodoaux, Taylor, Tompkins, Junie* Thompson, Richard
W. Thompson, William Thompson, Thurston, Tuck, Tut-
ner, Vandyke, Vinton, Warren, Wentworth, White, Wil-
liams, and Wiley—138.
NAYS—Bayly, Beale, Bedtnger, Black, Bocock,
Bowdon, Boyd, Biodhead, William G. Biown, Burt, Bev-
erly L. Clark,.Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Dan-
iel, Featheiston, Ficklin, Flournoy, Fries, Ilamfhons, Har-.
manson, Hams, Hill, Isaac E. Holmes, George S. Houston,
Inge, Charles J. Ingeisoll, George W. Jone , Kaufman, lien-
non, La Sere, Ligon, Lord, Lumpkin, Maclay, McC'ler-
nand, McDowell, McKay, McLane, Mann, Meade, Miller,
Morse, Nicoll, Pea-dee, Phelps, Rhett, Robinson, Sawyer,
Simpson, Sims, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Venable, and
Woodward—54.
So the resolution was agreed to. And then—
Mr. VINTON gave notice that he would call
up the appropriation bill reported by him-to-day,
early to-morrow.
The House then adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred ;
By Mr. GOTT: The petition of citizens of Dewitt, Onon-
daga county, New York, praying for an immediate termina-
tion of the war with Mexico; and that this Government
commence negotiations with foreign Governments as soon
as practicable for securing treaty stipulations that shall bind
the contracting parties to settle all future international dilix-
enlfir f- by peaceful mbitralion.
Bv Mr. GOGGIN: The petition of William Saunders and
William R. Porter, sureties of William Estis, a paymaster in
the late war with Great Britain. Also, the petition of 
Shiflett, of Virginia, praying to be plaecd on the invalid pen-
sion roll.
By Mr. PENDLETON: The memorial of George Taylor,
praying indemnity for losses incurred by French spoliations
prior to 1800. Also, thf memorial of Cassius F. Lee, trustee
of Hodgson, on the same subject. Also, the memorial of
Mary D. Adam, attorney of Dunlap's heirs, on the same sub-
ject.
By Mr. BELCHER: The petition of Louisa Dascomband
111 others, of the county of Franklin, in Maine. Also, the
petition of Andrew Mitchell and 11 others; of Louisa S. F.
Jenkins and 67 others; and of Benjamin Abbott and 145
others, of said county, all praying lor a peace with Mexico.
Also, the petition of*Frederick V. Stewart and 105 others,
for a mail route from Farmington to Kuigsfield, Franklin
county, Maine.
By Mr CROWELL: The petition of Amos Armstrong, a
citizen of Summit county, Ohio, praying for a pension.
By Mr. FARRELLiT: The petition of citizen1? of Mercer
county, for repeal of the law requiring postage on news-
papers circulating withm thirty miles of the place of publi-
cation.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of citizens of
McLane county, Illinois, for a donation of land and the right
of way for a railroad connecting the upper and lower Mis-
sissippi with Chicago, Also, the petition from citizens of
Iroquois and Will counties for a reform in the present land
system.
By Mr. CRANSTON : The memorial of Philip Allen and
othcis, asking payment for depredations on their prupeity
committed bv the French Government prior to 1800.
By Mr. VINTON: The petition of Solomon Sturges and
others, citizens of Muskiuguui county, Ohio, praying tliat
measures may be taken for the restoration of peace with
Mexico.
By Mr. CABELL: The petition of Moses E. Levy. Also,
the petition of the heirs of Captain Henry Pawling for com-
mutation.
By Mr. CHARLES BROWN: The memorial of Catharine
Able, widow of a revolutionary soldier.
By Mi. HUNT: The petition of Calvin Bishop and others,
for an appropriation for Buffalo harbor.
By Mr. NES: A petition numerously signed by citizens
of Adams countv, Pennsylvania, praying that the provision
in .the act of Congress of 3d March, 1847, requiring three
cents postage to be paid on newspapers, &c., may be re-
pealed.
By Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL: The memorial of S. xMorris,
Waler & Co., asking for a remission of duties. Also, the
memorial of Satterlce Clark, asking for an appropriation for
the payment of a balance due to him as paymaster, and ex-
tra allowance, &c., being the amount of a verdict against
the United States.
By Mr. LA SERE: The petition of James W. Breedlove,
late collector of the customs for the district of Mississippi,
praying to be refunded the amount of counterfeit com re-
ceived by the cash clerk of the eustorn-house at New Orlean3
during his term of office.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 22, 1847.
Mr. GREENE presented the petition of Eliza-
beth Hamilton, widow of Alexander Hamilton,
deceased, praying the patronage of the Govern-
ment in the publication of the writings of her late
husband; which was referred to the Committee on
the Library.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the memorial of
Henry M. Shreve, praying compensation for the
use by the Government of a snag-boat, of which
he is the inventor and patentee, and the purchase
of his patent-right by the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HALE presented the 'memorial of the
Yearly Meeting of Anti-Slavery Friends of In-
diana, praying for the adoption of measures for
the immediate termination of the war with Mexico,
and for the immediate termination of slavery.
On presenting this petition, Mr. HALE said :
I suppose, Mr. President, as this petition prays
for the exertion of all the powers of Government,
so far as they extend, in relation to this subject,
it includes within its purview slavery within the
District of Columbia; and I am informed that the
practice has obtained in the Senate, when petitions
of this character are presented, to raise the ques-
tion of reception, and that such a motion is laid
upon the table, and there the matter drops. As
this course does not accord with my own convic-
tion of duty, I must urge a different disposition
of this petition; and I hope that, if exception be
taken, it will be taken without this side-blow of a
motion to lay on the table.
With this view, if the question of reception be
raised, I ask that it may be taken by yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those in favor
of taking the question by yeas and nays will rise.
Mr. HALE. Was the motion made to lay the
motion upon the table ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is to be put as a matter of course.
Mr. HALE. I was not aware of the existence
of such a rule; but that being the case, I would
like to say a single word on the main question, as
the motion to lay on the table is not debatable.
