1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
63
Mr.. BERRIEN said he trusted that the estab-
lished usage of the Senate would not be departed
from on this occasion. When a petition of this
sort is presented, the question of reception is raised
by a motion to lay a petition on tlje table. He
■would now raise that question, by moving to lay
the motion upon the table.
Mr. HALE. Upon that question I ask the yeas
an.dnays.
. Mr. MASON. What is the petition ?
The Secretary read the heading of the memo-
rial,
Mr. J OHNSON, of Maryland, inquired whether
it would be in order to move a postponement of
the question of reception till to-morrow?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
to lay on the table has precedence.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, then said that
his only object was that the Senate might be full
before the question was taken..
Mr. CALHOUN. What is the question ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is to lay the
motion to receive the petition on the table.
Mr. CALHOUN. What is the subject-matter
of the petition ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The abolition
of slavery in the District of Columbia.
Mr. HALE. If it tie in order, I will state the
subject-matter of the petition. The petition comes
from the Yearly Meeting of Friends at Newport,
Wayne county, Indiana, praying the termination
of the war in Mexico; and also praying that all
the -powers vested in Congress upon the subject
shall be exerted for the termination of slavery.
t Mr. JBUTLER. That does not say anything
about slavery in the District of Columbia.
Mr. HALE. I remarked that that was included
in the powers which the memorialists called on
Congress to exert.
The question was then taken on the call for the
yeas and nays. A sufficient number of members
rising, the yeas and nays were ordered, and were
taken, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bad-
ger, Bell, Berrien, Bradbury, Breese, Bright, Butler, Cal-
houn, Cass, Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson, Dix, JDowns,
Fprfield, Feleli, Foote, Hunter, Johnson of Maryland, John-
son of Louisiana, Mangum, Mason, Niles, Rusk, Sevier,
Spruance, Sturgeon, Turney, Westcott, and Yulee— 33.
iVAY'S—Messrs. Baldwin, Clarke, Corwin, Greene, Hale,
Miller, Phelps, Underwood, and Upham—9.
So the motion to receive the petition was laid
upon the table.
Mr. HALE: presented the memorial of David
T. Burr and sixty-nine others, citizens of Pennsyl-
vania, praying for such an alteration of the Con-
stitution and laws as shall abolish slavery through-
out the Union.
Mr. HALE said : I do not understand that there
is a standing rule or order of the Senate that raises
the question whether this petition shall be. receiv-
ed, or the motion to receive it laid on the table.
I ask whether the motion to receive the petition is
debatable? Am I correct, sir, in supposing it is
debatable ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is debatable.
Mr. HALE. So understanding it, sir, I wish
to say a single word in vindication of the course
which I deem it my duty to take on this occasion.
It is with no desire to produce angry feelings, or
excited discussion, but it is in discharge of my
duty, under deep and the earnest convictions of
my understanding, that I attempt to discharge
that duty. What is the refusal of the Senate to
receive these petitions ? It is saying that there are
some subjects on which the people shall not ap-
proach this tribunal.
'In this day, speculation is adventurous. We
venture to inquire into all the secrets of the mate-
rial and the spiritual world. The researches of
geological science have penetrated the bowels of
the earth, and have there found the materials by
which it is essayed to prove that
" He who made the world, and its age reveal'd
To Moses, was mistaken.'1
Nay, inquiry goes with adventurous flight tj the
very throne of Eternity, and undertakes to scan
the laws by which He who sits thereon governs
His own actions and the world he has created.
And, sir, if speculation is thus adventurous, have
we, in the United States of America, an institution
which exalts itself above God—defying examina-
tion, or inquiry, or petition even ? Most emphati-
cally, sir, do I conceive that at the present day the
people of the United States have a peculiar, fight
*.
to come and ask of this body a respectful hearing
of their petitions, and a respectful hearing on this
very subject. Sir, it is no mere abstraction. It is
an element of political power in the formation of
our Constitution; it is an element on which the
Constitution of the other House is regulated; and
it is an element in the political discussion and action
of the present day, which is involving the nation in
a foreign and aggressive war, at an expense of forty
or fifty millions of, dollars annually. And if the
people of the United States are to be thus taxed, for
a war growing immediately and directly out of an
institution of this character, are they to be told that
-they shall not come and respectfully present their
petitions upon this subject?
"• I have thus discharged my duty to those who
sent me here; without any expectation of influ-
encing the action of this body, without any desire
to excite angry feeling or discussion. I ask that
the petition may be received.
Mr. BERRIEN. The practice which has been
adopted by the Senate has been the result of calm
and deliberate consideration. It has protected us
from those exciting discussions which, in another
branch of the National Legislature, have too often
occurred. I do notapprehend thatanything which
has fallen from the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire, who presents this petition, is calcu-
lated to change the well-settled conviction of the
Senate on this subject. I, therefore, sir, the ques-
tion of recaption being before the Senate, move to
lay that qufstion on the table.'
The motion to receive the petition was then laid
upon the table.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented the
petition of D. A. Watterston, praying compensa-
tion for services as clerk in the office of the Sur-
veyor General of Louisiana; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Bands.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of Wil-
liam B. Slaughter, late Secretary of the Territory
of Wisconsin, praying the repayment of money
expended by him in the public service; which was
referred to the Committee on Territories.
On motion by Mr. YULEE, it was
Ordered, That Joseph H. Waring have leave to
withdraw his petition and papers^
On motion by Mr. GREENE, it was
Ordered,,That the petition and papers of Elizabeth
.Hamilton, on the files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on the Library.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER,, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Joseph M. Shep-
pard, administrator of Richard Harris, deceased,
and John Scott, administrator of Nimrod Farrow,
deceased, on the files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee of .Claims.
On motion by Mr. MILLER, it was
Ordered, That the memorials and petitions
against the repeal of the pilot act, on the files of
the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland,
it was
Ordered, That the petition of William W. Hall,
on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. CASS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Thomas C. Shel-
don, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. DICKINSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John Lorimer-
Graham, oil the files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. DIX, it was
Ordered, That the memorials and petitions on
the files of the Senate, in favor of the repeal of
the pilot act, be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, gave notice that
on to-morrow he should ask leave of the Senate to
introduce a bill continuing the pensions of certain
widows.
Mr. WESTCOTT submitted the following res-
olution, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office be instructed to inquire whether any modification of
the present laws relating to Patents and the Patent Office be
expedient.
Mr. CASS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill to raise,, for a limited time,,
an additional military force"; which was read, and
passed to a second reading. . . .
Mr. CASS.gave notice tta.at he will call this bill
up on the first onportunity, after it shall have been
printed.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee otj. Commerce,
to whom was referred the bill concerning certain
collection districts, and for other, purpss^s^.report-
ed it without amendment.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on tfie Ju-
diciary, reported a bill supplementary to the act
entitled "An act to regulate the exercise of the
appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme Court, in
certain cases, and for other purposes;" on which
he asked for speedy action of the Senate, as the
bill was applicable to cases now pending before
the Supreme Court of the United States. It was-
intended to remedy a defect in existing laws on the
subject.
The bill having had its first reading, was then
read a second time, by unanimous consent, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole; and no
amendment being made, it was reported to the
Senate.
Ordered, That it be engrossed, and read a third
time.
The said bill was read a third time by unani-
mous consent.
Resolved, That this bill pass, and that the title
thereof be as aforesaid.
Ordered, That the Secretary request the concur-
rence of the House of Representatives therein.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted yesterday by Mr.
Breese, and it was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to inform
the Senate if Fort Armstrong, on Rock Island, m the State
of Illinois, is now occupied by amihtaiy regiment; and if
not, how long the same has been abandoned, in whose,
charge the same is, and on what terms; and, also, that lie
commumcate his opinion it the interests of the Government
require that said site should be reserved from sale, for mili-
tary purposes.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business,
and after a short time spent therein, the doors were
opened, and
The Senate- adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 22, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday having been read,
Mr. LIGON, rose to a correction of the Journal.
He found that upon the motion of the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. G. W. Jones] to lay on the
table the memorial presented by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Giddtngs] for the repeal of the
laws authorizing slavery in the District of Colum-
bia, his (Mr. L.'s) name was not recorded. He
had voted " aye.''
[Aoie.—The vote on this question stood yester-
day, yeas 97, nays 97—a tie. The Speaker voted
in the negative, making the vote stand yeas 97,
nays 98. So the motion was lost.]
The SPEAKER stated that under repeated pre-
cedents in similar cases, the gentleman had a right
to have his name recorded. That vote would
change the decision of the House, as the Chair
understood.
Mr. SIMS. I understand not. The vote of the
Speaker added, would leave the result precisely the
same. It would then be a tie-vote, and would not
change the result. m
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will announce the
vote as it would be with 'the name of the gentle-
man from Maryland recorded in the affirmative.
The Clerk. Yeas 98, nays 97.
The SPEAKER. The 12th rule of the House
provides that—
Ci In other cases (t. e. than of election by the House) he
(the Speaker) shall not vote, unless the House be equally
divided, or unless his vote, if given to the minority, would
make the division equal; and in case of such equal divis-
ion, the question should be lost."
The vote of the Speaker would, therefore, make
the division equal, and the motion to lay on the
table would be lost. The Chair votes in the nega-
tive.
Mr. KAUFMAN inquired if, by the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Ligon] changing his vote,
the motion to lay on the table was not carried?
And if the vote would not stand yeas 98, nays 96 ? m
The SPEAKER replied that the gentleman from
