64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 22.
Maryland did not change his vote. The gentle-
man voted m the affirmative, but his name was not
yesterday recorded at all.
Here the conversation dropped, and the Journal
as amended was approved.
Me. PHELPS rose and asked leave to give no-
tice of a motion for leave to introduce a certain
bili.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, under the rule
of the House, was going to call upon the States
for petitions, upon the committees for reports, and
then upon the States for resolutions, and when
resolutions were being called for, notices of bills
will be in order.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, inquired if the
Chair had not given this construction to the rule
of the House under which they were acting with-
out its being brought particularly to his attention ?
Mr. H. was understood to say, if they were
obliged to wait every morning for the call of the
Slates for petitions, and then of the committees
for reports, they would never get entirely through
the call of the States for resolutions.
The SPEAKER. The rule of the House is ex-
press, as the gentleman will see, if he will allow
the Chair to read it:
"23. As soon as the Journal is read, the Speaker shall
rail for petitions from the members of each State and dele-
gates from each Territojy," &c.
"25. The petitions having been presented and disposed
of, reports from committees shall be called for and disposed
of,"&.c. *  - * * a Resolutions shall then be called for
in the same order, and disposed of by the same rules which
apply to petitions," &c.
The order, that the Chair " shall call for peti-
tions" is peremptory, as the gentleman will per-
ceive, and it has always been the practice of the
House. Petitions are therefore in order.
COMMITTEE ON PRINTING.
Mr. HENLEY wanted to ask the Chair a ques-
tion which -related somewhat to the organization
of the House. A committee was authorized, by
the second section of the joint resolution providing
for the letting out to contract the printing of both
Houses of Congress, to be appointed upon that
subject. He believed that committee had not been
appointed ?
The SPEAKER. No, sir.
Mr. HENLEY. I will then offer a resolution
providing for it.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be re-
ceived by the general consent of the House.
Consent being given, the resolution was receiv-
ed; and the question being on its adoption—
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
the joint resolution uses the word " chosen," and
therefore he had some doubt whether he was au-
thorized to appoint the committee. The gentleman
from Indiana offers a resolution to authorize the
Chair to appoint a Committee on Printing. The
question is on agreeing to the resolution, which is
as follows:
Resolved, That the Speaker be authorized to appoint a
Committee on Public Printing, accoidmg to the provisions
of !he joint resolution entitled " A joint resolution directing
the manner of proeuiing the printing for the two Houses of
Congiess," approved August 3,1846.
Mr. HUNT wished to make an inquiry in ref-
erence to the order of business. After petitions,
reports and resolutions were received, was it not
then in order to take up the business on the Speak-
er's table?
The SPEAKER repeated the order of business
prescribed by the rule, viz: the call for petitions,
for reports, and for resolutions. By the 27th rule
it was provided that " after one hour shall have
1 been devoted to reports from committees and res-
' olutions, [not to the presentation of petitions,] it
< shall be in order, pending the consideration or
' discussion thereof, to entertain a motion that the
' House do now proceed to dispose of the business
1 on the Speaker's table and to the orders of the
' dav-n It would therefore seem that the morning
hour should commence at the time at which the
call for reports was begun under the 37th rule.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the States
in order for petitions, commencing with the State
of Maine. Petitions were presented—
From Massachusetts: By Messrs. HUDSON,
GRINNELL, and PALFREY.
From New York : By Messrs. NICOLL, JEN-
KINS, MULLIN, TALLMADGE, KELLOGG,
and MACLAY.
% From Maryland: By Mr. CHAPMAN.
Prom Virginia; By Mr. BOTTS.
From South Carolina: By Mr. BURT.
From Kentucky : By Mr. MOREHEAD.
When the State of Ohio was called—
Mr. GIDDINGS moved to consider the memo-
rial presented by him yesterday in relation to the
slave trade in the District of Columbia, which was
laid over for consideration. The motion was dis-
agreed to.
From Louisiana: By Mr. LA SERE.
s From Illinois : By Messrs. TURNER, ROBT.
SMITH, and LINCOLN.
From Missouri: By Mr. PHELPS.
From Michigan: By Mr. STUART.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Notices of motions for leave to introduce bills
were given as follows:
By Mr. HILLIARD: Of a bill to change the
place of holding the United States circuit court
for the middle district of Alabama, and for other
purposes.
By Mr. PHELPS: Of a bill granting land to
the State of Missouri for the improvement of the
navigation of the Osage river.
Also, of a bill to pay''to the State of Missouri
two per cent, upon the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands sold within the State of Missouri, or
which have been reserved for the purpose of con-
structing a road to the State of Missouri.
By Mr. BINGHAM: Of a hill to grant alter-*
nate sections of land .to the State of Michigan for
the completion of the Clinton and Itailamazoo
By Mr. R. W. JOHNSON: Of a bill to create
a new judicial district in the State of Arkansas.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: Of a bill for the
relief of Shadrach Gillet and others.
Also, of a bill to amend an act confirming cer-
tain land claims in the State of Michigan.
Also, of a joint resolution relating to errors and
defective returns in certain surveys, plats, and
field-notes.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, made an adverse report on the
petition of Harriet Brown, widow of General
Brown. Laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. THOMAS, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of the
heirs of John Forsyth, deceased, late of the State
of Georgia. Laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SIMS, from the Committee for the District
of Columbia, reported a bill to authorize attach-
ments on mesne process in the county of Wash-
ington, in the District of Columbia, to provide
more speedy and effectual legal remedies in the
said District, and for other purposes. Read a first
and second time, committed, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. GENTRY, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported, that at a meeting of the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs on yesterday, on motion of
Mr. Gentry, chairman of said committee, Daniel
M. Barringer, of North Carolina, was unani-
mously appointed chairman of said committee.
The report was read, and laid on the table.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
William Culver. Read a first and second time,
committed, and ordered to be printed.
RESOLUTION'S.
Mr. LINCOLN moved the following preamble
and resolutions, which were read and laid over
under the rule:
Whereat! the President of the United States, in his mes-
sage of May 11, 1846, has declared that " the Mexican Gov-
' ernment not only refused to receive him, [the envoy of the
£ United States,] or listen to his propositions, but, after a
' long-continued series of menure«;, have at last invaded our
1 territory and shed the blood of our fellow-citizens on our
( own soil:''
And again, in his message of December 8, 1846, that " we
'had ample cause of war against Mexico long before the
'breaking out of hostilities; but even then we forbore to
1 take redress into our own hands until Mexico herself be-
1 came the aggressor, by invading our soil in hostile array and
i shedding the blood of our citizens
And yet again, m his message of December 7,1847, that
" the Mcxican Government refused even to hear the terms
i of adjustment which tie [our minister of peace] was autho-
rized to propose, and finally, under wholly unjustifiable
< pretexts, involved the two countries in war, by invading
< the territory of the State of Texas, striking the first blow,
* and shedding the blood of our citizens on our own soil
And whereas this House is desirous to obtam a full knowl-
edge of all the facts which go to establish whether the par-
ticular spot on which the blood of our citizens was so shed
was or was not at that time our own soil: Therefore,
Resolved by the Hovse of Representatives, That the Presi-
dent of the "United States be respectfull> requested to inform
this House—
1st. Whether the spot on which the blood of our citizens
was shed, asm his messages declared, was or was not withm
the teiritory of Spam, at least after the treaty of 1819, until
the Mexican revolution.
2d. Whether that spot is or is not within the territory
which was wiested ftom Spain by the revolutionary Gov-
ernment of Mexico.
3d. Whether that spot is or is not within a settlement of
people, which settlement has existed ever since long before
the Texas revolution, and until its inhabitants tied before
the approach of the United States army.
4th. Whether that settlement is oris notisolated from any
and all otiier settlements by the Gulf and the Rio Grande on
the south and west, and by wide uninhabited regions on the
north and east.
5th. Whether the people of that settlement, or a majority
of them, or any of them, have ever submitted themselves to
the government or laws of Texas or of the United States, by
consent or by compulsion, either by accepting office, or vo-
ting at elections, or paying tax, or serving on juries, or having
process served upon ttiem, or in any other way.
6tli. Whether the people of that settlement did or did not
flee from the approach of the .United States army, leaving
unprotected their homes and their growing crops, before the
blood was shed, as in the messages stated; and whether the
first blood, so shed, was or was not shed within the enclo-
sure of one of the people who had thus fled from it. -
7th. Whether our citizens, whose blood was shed, as in
his messaees declared, were or were not, at that time, armed
officers and soldiers, sent into that settlement by the mili-
tary order of the President, through the Secretary of War.
8th. Whether the military force of the United States was
or was not so sent into that settlement after General Taylor
had'more than once intimated to the V\ ar Department that,
in his opinion, no such movement was necessary to the de-
fence or protection of Texas.
By Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON, which was
agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of re-
ducing the maximum of compensation paid to railroads and
steamboats for the transportation of the mail of the United
States.
By Mr. PHELPS :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of es-
tablishing a post-road from Brunswick, by the way of
Compton's Ferry,to Ohihcothe, in the State of Missouri.
By Mr. McCLELLAND, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War he requested to fur
nish this House with a copy of the report from the Bureau
of Topographical Engineers, in reference to the commerce
of the lakes and western rivers, made in conformity with a
resolution of the Senate of the 35th January last.
By Mr. KAUFMAN, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
authorizing, by law, postmasters to receive subscriptions
to newspapers, periodicals &c., and to transmit the same
through the General Post Office to the publishers, and that
said committee have leave to report by bill or otherwise.
By Mr. KAUFMAN, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
reducing the postage on letters to a uniform rate of five cents
on each single letter.
By Mr. JAMIESON, which lies over:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be authorized to
employ a clerk, who shall "receive the same compensation
as the Speaker's messenger.
By Mr. J. S. GREEN, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands he in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of making provision
by general laws for the relinquishment of the sixteenth sec-
tions of land, heretofore granted for the support of common
schools, in all cases when such lands are of an inferior
quality, and for the selection of other public lands for the
same purpose in lieu of the lands thus relinquished.
By Mr. W. P. HALL, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
stiucted to inquire into the expediency of reviving the act
entitled " An act to provide for the payment of horses and
{other property lost or destroyed m the military service of
' the United States," approved January 18,1837, as amended
by an act entitled " An act to amend an act entitled ' An act
(to provide payment for horses and otherproperty lost in the
'militaiv service of the United States,'approved October
114, 1837," and as still further amended by an act entitled
"An act to provide for the payment of horse1* and other
'property lost or destroyed in the mihtarv service of the
< United States,"" approved August 23, 3842, and applving
the provisions of the same to the volunteers who have been
engaged in the military servicc of the United Slates since
the 13th of May, 1846, are now, or shall hereafter be, m
said service; and that said committee be also in.-tiucted to
inquire into the expediency of paying the non-commissioned
officers, musicians, and privates, of such volunteeis, for
parts of rations, when the United States have failed, or shall
hereafter fail, to supply the same; and to report to this
House by bill or otherwise.
SUBSISTENCE FOR THE ARMY.
On motion of Mr. VINTQN, the House resolv-
ed itselfjnto Committee of the Whole on the state
