THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 31,1847.
New Series No. 5.
of the Union, (Mr. J. R. Ingersqll in the chair,)
and proceeded to the consideration of the following
A BILL making an appropriation to supply in part a defi-
ciency in the appropriations for subsistence in kind of the
■ army and volunteers duringthe year ending the 30th June,
-1848. '
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the
sum of one million of dollars be, and the same is hereby, ap-
propriated to supply in parta deficiency in the appropriation}?
for the subsistence in kind of the army and volunteers du-
ring tbe year ending thethirtieth of June,one thousand eight
hundred and forty-eight, to be paid out of any money in the
treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. VINTON called for the reading of the fol-
lowing letter.
Office of Commissary General of Subsistence,
Washington, December 17, J 847.
Sir: I have the honor to report that the appropriations
applicable to 4-'nrmy subsistence " are nearly exhausted.
The whole sum now remaining to the credit of such ap-
propriations does not exceed sixty thousand dollars; and
that sunns absolutely necessary to meet the demands of
the recruiting service.
Recent inforiiMtion from the principal commissaries of
subsistence in Mexico, makes it necessary for me to re-
spectfully ask that the eatly attention of Congress may he
called to my "estimate" of the 9th of November, in which
the deficiency in the former appropriations is stated, as
drafts to tbe amount of five hundred thousand dollars may
fee daily expected to reach the United Stales, and, as above
shown, this, department has no means of paying them.
Most respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEO. GIBSON, C. G. S.
Hon. W. L. MarcYj Secretary of War.
Mr. VINTON desired only to say one word of
explanation in addition to what was stated in these
communications. The estimated deficit of the sub-
sistence department for the present year (the year
terminating the 30th June next) was a fraction
below four millions of dollars. It appeared from
the statement which had just been read from the
Commissary's Department, that they were in daily
expectation of drafts from Mexico to the amount
of five hundred thousand dollars, with only sixty
thousand on hand to cover demands upon them.
They understood that the money had been received
in Mexico upon these drafts. "This bill appropri-
ated a million of dollars. The Commissary Gen-
eral of Subsistence, who was before the Committee
of Ways and Means, stated that they expected
that the next train which would come down from
Mexico would bring; about the same amount of
drafts additional. This bill, therefore, covered not
only those drafts known to be oil the way, but those
supposed soon to be on the way, and those alone.
The committee made this report of appropriations
to meet a part of the estimated deficit—one million
of dollars only, instead of three million nine hun-
dred thousand and odd dollars, the estimated de-
ficit of the year—for the purpose of enabling them
to examine the details of that deficit more carefully
than it was in their power thus far to do. It was
to meet the drafts that were on the way—those on
which the money has been already received, and
those on which it would probably be received in a
short time. As a matter of course, they must be
met, or the credit of the country be dishonored.
He presumed there would be no objections to ma-
king an appropriation thus far to cover the present
and pressing exigency which was set forth in the
communications from the department.
_ Mr. POLLOCK moved that the committee rise,
and report the bill to the House.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. Is it not in order to lay
aside this bill to be reported to the House when
the committee rises, and proceed to other business
before the committee ?
The CHAIRMAN replied in the affirmative.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. Then I suggest to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Pollock] that
tiiis course be pursued.
Mr. POLLOCK said it was necessary that this
bill pass at once, and he therefore adhered to the
motion which he had made. If the House de-
sired, they could go back into committee after this
bill was passed.
Mr. McKAY would suggest to his friend from
Ohio, the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, [Mr. Vinto ,] whether it was not
better to allow this bill to be laid aside and take
5
up the President's message. He understood that
the gentleman [Mr. Vinton] had a series qf reso-
lutions referring the message. It was important
at this stage of the session that some action should
be taken upon it; it was now the 22d day of De-
cember. It was likely that there would be no de-
bate, as be trusted there would be none, upon the
resolutions which would be moved by the gentle-
man from Ohio, and it was important that the
committees proceed at once to their respective du-
ties.
Mr. VINTON" said he had no objection to that
course, and he would send up to the Clerk's table
his resolutions.
The CHAIRMAN said he understood that no
motion was made to rise; therefore, the resolu-
tions would he taken up.
Mr. POLLOCK said he had made such a mo-
tion, and he insisted upon it.
Mr. VAN DYKE inquired if this was the pro-
per time to offer an amendment to this bill? He
understood that the appropriation of this million
of dollars was intended to cover expenditui*es
which were already incurred. If that was so, he
had no objection to make; if it weie not so, he
wished to offer an amendment.
Mr. VINTON (in reply to Mr. Van Dyke)
said he had stated that the Commissary General
informed them that $500,000 had been already
raised in Mexico upon drafts which had been sold
there, and which were on their way here; and
they expected an additional amount of $500,000
of drafts on the same account by the next train
which would come down from Mexico. Of course
the money had been received upon these drafts in
Mexico.
The committee rose, and the chairman reported
the bill to the House without amendment, with
the recommendation that the bill do pass.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and was engrossed, read a third
time, and passed, and sent to the Senate for con-
currence.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the President of the United
"Washington, December 22, 1847.
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
I communicate herewith a report of the Secretary
of the Navy,* containing a statement of the meas-
ures whicli have been taken m the execution of
the act of 3d of March last, relating to the con-
struction of floating dry-docks at Pensacola, Phil-
adelphia, and Kittery. JAMES K. POLIv.
REFERENCE OF THE MESSAGE.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House again
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. .T. R. In&jsrsoll in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of the
Annual Message of the President of the United
States.
Mr. VINTON moved the following resolutions:
First. Resolved, That so much of the annual message of
the President of the United States to the two Houses of Con-
gress at the present session as has reference to the relations
of the United States with foreign nations; to the causes that
brought on the war with Mexico; to the alleged invasion by
Mexico Of the State of Texas ; to thecommericementof hos-
tilities; to the efforts made by the President of the United
States to obtain a peace; to the cession by Mexico to the
United States of a portion of her territory "as an indemnity
for our claims on her; to a release of Mexico from her lia-
bilities to our citizens, and the assumption of their payment
by the United States; together with the recommendation
that the provinces of New Mexico and the California should
be retained by the United States as an indemnity, thatthev
should hereafter be considered constituent parts of our coun-
try, and the civil laws and jurisdiction of the United States
extended over them; and the recommendation that the other
Mexican provinces which have been reduced to our posses-
sion by conquest should continue to be held as a means of
coercing Mexico to terms of peace; and that adequate
compensation should he fixed by law for such officers, both
civil and military, as may be employed to conduct such
Government,—be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Second. That so much of said message a« recommends
that Territorial Governments be established in New Mexico
and the Cahfornias, and the establishment of a Territorial
Government in Oregon, be referred to the Committee on
the Territories.
*For Report, see Appendix, page 40/
Third. That so much of said message as relates to the
state and condition of the army, to its increase and its oper-
ations in Mexico, together with the report of the Secretary
ot War accompanying said message, be referred to the Corn-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Fourth. That so much of said message as relates to tne
establishment of tribunals to try and punish crimes, and ex-
ercise jurisdiction in civil cases over American citizens in
China; and so much as relates to the imposition and collec-
tion of duties on imports into the ports of Mexico by order
of the President of the United States, and the disbursement
of the moneys so collected, be relVircd to the Committee on
the Judiciary, with instructions tosaid committee to inquire
and repoit by what Jaw or authority said duties are impo&ed
and said moneys disbursed.
Fifth. That so much of said message as relates to the
commerce, tonnage, and navigation of the country, and to
the influence which the operation of the sub-trea ury, the
exclusion of the receipt of bank paper in payment of dues
to' the Government, and the tariff act of 30th July, A. D.
1846, have had and will have on the trade and currency of
the country, together with so much of the accompanying
report of the Secretary of the Treasury as relates to these
subjects, be refeired to the Committee on Commerce.
Sixth. That so much of said message as relates to the
subject of manufactures, and to the influence of the tariff
act of the 30th July, 1846, on the manufactures of the coun-
try, together with so much of the accompanying report of
the Secretary of the Treasury as relates to this subject, be
referred to the Committee on Manufactuies.
Seventh. That «o much of said message as relates to the
conditional operations of the navy, together with the accom-
panying icpori of the Secretary oi the Navj, be referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Eighth. That so much of said message as relates to the
revenue; of the public de.bt> to the increase thereof; to the
eieation of a sinking fund; to a duty on tea and coffee;
to the collection, safc-keeping, and disbursement of the
public moneys; to the coinage and the establishment of a
branch mint at the city of Are\v York; to the amendment of
the sub-treasury act; to the estimated expenditures of the
Government; together with so much of tiie accompanying
report of the Secretary of the Treasiuy as relates to the sub-
ject, be referred to the Committee of Way> and Means.
Ninth. That so much of said message as relates to the
public landc; to the graduation and reduction of the price
thereof; to the amendment of the preemption laws; to the
surveying and bringing into market the lands m Oregon,
together with so much of the accompanying report of the
Secretary of the Treasury as relates to these subjects, be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Tenth. That so much of said message as relates to the
Indian tribes, and our intercourse with them, together with
so much of the accompanying report of the Secretary of
War as relates to this subject, be referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Eleventh. That so much of said message as relates to the
condition and operations of the Post Office Department;
to the collections of the British Post Office ; of the discrimi-
nating postages on letters and other mailable matter tians-
poited in American mail steamers, together with theaccom-
|! punyimr report of the Postmaster Geneial, be referred to the
[! Committee on the i'o-^t Other and Post Roads.
Twelfth. That so much of said menage as relates to aari-
{■ culture pud to the relief which is therein alleged it has
i: denved from the burdens of the protective policy under the
operation of the tariff act of 39th July, 1846, and'so much of
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury a* relates to this
subject, be referred to the Committee on Agucultuie.
Thirteenth. That so much of said menage as recommends
that provision be made for the families of those who have
fallen ot died in the service in Mexico, be referied to a
Select Committee.
Fourteenth. That so much of said message as declares that
it may become proper for our Commanding Geneial in the
-field to give encouragement and assuianees of protection to
such friends of peace, in Mexico as will establish a Gov-
ernment there able and willing to conclude a peace with u*
"and secuie to us the indemnity we demand," be referred
to a Select Committee.
Fifteenth. That so much of said message as relates to the
manner in which the war with Mexico ought to be prosecu-
ted and the policy that should be pursued in respect to it, be
referred to a Select Committee.
Mr. CLINGMAN desired to offer an amend-
ment to one of these resolutions, he did not know
which. He moved it be read; and, as he might not
have the opportunity again, he should accompany
it with some remarks of explanation. The amend-
ment is as follows:
Resolved, That so much of the President's message as re-
lates to the acquisition of territory be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, with instructions that, if they
shall think it expedient that territory be acquired, then they
shall state on what terms and conditions said territory should
be received.
Mr. C. .T. INGERSOLL. Does what the gen-
tleman from North Carolina proposes as an amend-
ment attach to the first resolution ?
Mr. CLINGMAN replied that he did not know
to what resolution it would come in as an amend-
ment. He did not know that it was necessary to
offer it now in order to make the remarks he wish-
ed to.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. If the gentleman will
allow me I will send up an amendment.
