66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 22,
Mr. CLINGMAN would not, he said, allow of
any suggestions, as he had a right to the floor.
Mr. C.° went on to say, that, a few days ago,
when some remarks were made as to the black
cloud hanging over the country, he understood
what was meant, and he was now going to discuss
that matter. He hoped that we should have a full
discussion of it, and he did not think that any evil
would result from it. It was known that, upon
one subject, he had taken a different view from
that of many of his friends, and that he had voted
against the rule excluding abolition petitions. That
matter was at an end. We go back (said Mr. C.)
to the original position of the South, when the
thirteen States became united; when, out of abun-
dant caution, they provided that the Government
which they established should be for the common
benefit. Every State of the Union was to have a
fair share in whatever was in prospect or posses-
sion. When the lower Mississippi was acquired,
the South did not say to the Northern and Middle
States, Keep your old rivers of the Potomac, (fee.,
but you cannot complain if we deny you any share
m this river, and the country around it. It had
been contended that the Constitution limited slavery
to the territory originally belonging to the Union.
But twelve of the thirteen original States had
slavery in them, and it was not reasonable to sup-
pose that they would provide for their own exclu-
sion from territoi*y hereafter to be acquired. There
waa no limitation as to slavery in the Constitu-
tion, except the provision that the importation of
slaves should not he prohibited by Congress prior
to the year 1808. This provision, as he was aware,
was tlie result of a compromise, by which the
navigation laws were consented to. The Consti-
tution covered all—bond and free—who we re then
in the Union, and all slaves who might be import-
ed in twenty years afterwards. The idea of limit-
ing slavery to the territory then in the Union did
not enter the heads of the framers of the Consti-
tution. The distribution of slaves into new terri-
tories did not increase the number of slaves.
A distinguished southern statesman [Mr. Cal-
houn] had said that new territory acquired was
held for the benefit of all, and that Congress could
not prevent slaves from going into such territory.
This, he thought, was a superficial view of the
subject. He admitted that the territory was held
in common for all; but it did not follow that it
must be used in common. It might be divided.
The army and the treasury belonged to all in com-
mon, but might be divided. Congress, he con-
tended, had the same power over the Territories
as a local legislature. But it was said that slavery
was unnatural. Slavery was found in all ages and
nations in the world. Some nations had not recog-
nized property in land, but all nations had recog-
nized it in persons. Every nation recognized it in
persons till within five centuries ago. It was pre-
posterous to call the southern institution of slavery
peculiar. It was the northern institutions which
were peculiar. It was evident that Congress had
recognized property in persons. If you established
slavery in all the States and Territories, or ex-
cluded it entirely, it would be a breach of trust.
Our Government ought to divide new territory so
as to accommodate the South* and the North. It
was seen, at an early day, that some of the Slates,
then tolerating slavery, would soon be relieved
from it; and therefore the old Confederation left
the Northwestern Territory free from slavery.
When Missouri came into the Union, a portion of
the territory was also set apart as free territory.
He did not contend that the Government would be
justified in taking territory for the purpose of
strengthening any one portion of the Union. But
if northern territory were obtained, let it be free;
if southern, let it be slave-holding; and if west-
ern, let, it be divided. Able men had contended
that Congress had power to exclude slavery,
on the ground that it was inconsistent with a
republican form of Government; but he could
show that there was no such right. Some of
his northern friends had considered the exten-
sion of slavery as unfair to the North; but he
showed that, m the Convention, Rufus King and
others had admitted that some regard should be
had to the South, in reference to representation,
becausc the South possessed most of the wealth of
the country. But as a practical objection, that of
increase of the political power of the slave States
had uo weight. There were no slaves imported,
and every slave was now lepresented. It wasonly
in this House that slaves were represented; and
that representation could not be increased by the
extension of territory in which slavery is tolerated.
The number of non-slaveholding States, also,
would be multiplied much faster than that of the
slaveholding States.
There is no danger in the existence of mere po-
litical parties in this country: the danger lies in
connecting party politics with abolitionism. We
have always had, and always will have, parties.
Their existence is safest when they exist on the
general conduct of an administration. The ma-
jority and minority} coming in conflict in each
State, enlighten each other. The danger is when
you divide men into classes—when you try, for
instance, to range the poor against the rich. Then
you appeal to men's passions. The most danger-
ous divisions of the people are those which you
make by geographical lines. There is a strong
attachment to country, which this calls up. In
every instance of this kind, the country in which
they occurred has been broken to pieces. General
Washington, foreseeing these things, warned us
against geographical divisions. The framers of
the Constitution apprehended evil from this; but
their fears have hitherto proved themselves un-
founded. If is remarkable, that, for the last fifteen
or twenty years, the candidate for President ob-
taining a majority in the whole CJnion, also
obtained a majority in both sections of the
Union.
Several attempts have been made to get up these
geographical divisions. The Missouri controversy
was got up by northern politicians. The next
that came, he was sorry to say, came from the
South. He was sorry that this made it necessary
for him to refer to politicians now among us; but
justice compelled him.to make the reference. Af-
ter the settlement of the nullification difficulties,
Mr. Calhoun found himself in an uncomfortable
situation. The United States Telegraph became
his organ. Though shorn of its strength, it still
had its influence. It abused southern men as
" collar men;" it abused also northern politicians.
T-Ie quoted from the Richmond Enquirer and the
Pennsylvanian, of the same political party, in con-
demnation of its course. Some went even so far
as to insinuate that the existence of the Union
was intentionally threatened. But that he would
not affirm or deny—he dealt only with facts.
Meetings were held at the North. One was held
in Philadelphia: another in Boston, in which Har-
rison Gray Otis was one of the speakers. The
Telegraph became more rabid in its attacks. Our
friends at the North were cooled; and yet in the
South (out of South Carolina) there were not five
per cent, of the population in favor of the princi-
ples of nullification. They numbered only about
as many as the abolitionists in the North.
In 1836, another attempt was made to get up this
sectional feeling. It was represented that Mr. Van
Buren was opposed to the South, and yet Mr. Van
Buren was elected by both sections. In 1840, the
attempt was again revived. The charge changed
sides, and Mr. Van Buren's opponent was charged
with abolition. Yet Harrison was elected by both
sections of the country. Abolition seemed to kill
whatever it took hold of. Did time permit, it
might be shown that it was not southern influence
that killed Mr. Van Buren in 1844 in the Baltimore
Convention, but the politicians who doubted his
availability killed him.
The leaders of the anti-slavery movement now
say slavery must not be extended—the slave power
must not be increased. Rut all slaves are now
counted and represented. We are told that a south-
ern man casts a vote for himself, and thiee votes
for every five slaves. To this he might, with as
much justice, reply, that a northern man votes once
for himself, and casts five votes for every five of
the free colored population. If the South should
liberate her slaves, they would still be counted in
the population. The charge that it degrades free
labor, is unfounded. If such objectors would carry
out their principles, they must vote to expel the !
black population and the Irish. It is unjust to call I
us slave or man-stealers. Slaves were brought into
this country by northern ship-owners; and the
South might as well ask the money paid by their
ancestors to the ancestors of the northern people
for bringing over the slaves, as the North now to
ask for the- liberation of the slaves.
We now hear again the language of Duff Green
repeated at the North—" The time has come—the
issue must be met;" end those who thus talk,
boast of their bravery in meeting the issue. But
those who are readiest to fling others into peril, are
themselves generally the most craven cowards.
When sectional grounds turn a presiden tial election*
hen the Union is truly at an end.
Mr. C. here noticed the revolution in the bearing
of one State or section upon another, compared
with the state of affairs existing at the time of the
formation of the Constitution, and continued :
Some think the South would be feeble if the Union
were dissolved. No man would regret a dissolu-
tion more than he; and yet the South could stand.
She could increase her territory south, for there
we have a weak neighbor. The North has a pow-
erful neighbor. The South could thus easily be
increased, while the laws of trade and commerce
would also be in her favor. It is useless to taunt
the South with being " traitors" to freedom, while
they can boast of Marshall, Gaston, Henry, Jeffer-
son, Davie, andRutledge—while they can point to
the valor displayed at Baltimore and New Orleans,
or to the more recent glorious deeds in Mexico,
where the troops from Kentucky, Tennessee, and
South Carolina so distinguished themselves. Of
South Carolina, he would say that her people were
generous, liberal, manly, and brave. He knew
General Butler well; and when he fell, he left no
nobler soldier to fight the battles of the country.
But what was to be the result of all this? Rufus
King said the South would never come into the
Confederacy; or, if it did, it would have the liber-
ty at any time to withdraw from it. He (Mr; C.">
was not empowered to speak for the South. Juook
at her history for sixty years. She had tasted of
freedom, and it did not pail upon her taste. She
would uphold the principles of the Constitution as
long as human courage could uphold them. What
the Circassian feels for liberty—what the Athenian
felt at Thermopylce—what the Spartan_ king felt
for his country—this, and more than this, is due
from every American citizen to the Constitution.
But even if the Constitution should be changed,
the South will submit to no degradation; and yet
she will deal with the race intrusted by Providence
to her care better than England does with her Irish
or East India population. Nor would she ever
extinguish them, as New England did the Pcquod
tribe of Indians. She will never sink to the level
of Mexico, much less to that of St. Domingo. The
"progressive democracy" of the North may go on as
Rome did after the days of the Gracchi, or as Prance
did in her revolution. It would be vain to expect that
the stream divided would bear as much as when
united. The separation would be sad. The same
sun and moon would shine upon us, but that identi-
ty of mind and feeling would begone; and the great
constitutional edifice would facie, like the palace of
Aladdin, in the mist of the morning. How could
wc contemplate such a state of things without sor-
row? Could he ever gaze upon the gallant Scott
as a mere Wellington or a Soult, or could the
North look upon Taylor as an alien ? Could any
one separate Hardin from Clay, who fell side by
side at Buena Vista? There was, he hoped, a
strong, good common sense in the country, which
would ever control the action of the Government—
a community of interests which no party feeling
could destroy. We had a common ancestry, his-
tory, and destiny. There were Adams and Jeffer-
son; there were Bunker Hill and Yorktown; there
were Franklin and Washington,—names whose
power was like that of giants around the Consti-
tution; such names and associations as no nation
ever had. If we destroy that Constitution, we
would deserve a situation as low as it might have
otherwise been high.
Mr. C. having concluded, the resolutions of Mr.
Vinton were again read.
Mr. CLINGMAN proposed his amendment;
but, after a word of conversation, withdrew it for
the present.
Mr. G-IDDINGS rose and inquired what was
the question now before the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
whole undivided annual message of the President.
There has been no division of the resolutions at
all, and they are all open to consideration as a sin-
gle resolution.
Mr. GrIDDINGS. Has it not been usual, in
considering the President's message, to consider
the several resolutions separately m the order in
which they stand ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is for the committee to
