•1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
69
We were at the beginning of a war, in which,
by the necessities imposed by free institutions, we
were obliged to employ a mixed force of regulars
and volunteers. To unite these forces under a
common discipline—to fuse their various energies
into one harmonious whole, and to direct them
with full efficiency, has ever been, and will forever
be, among the most serious difficulties of those
placed in the command of armies. In the attain-
ment of this object, there are required not only the
talents to command the muscles of men, in virtue
of commissioned authority, but that address, also,
which moves the hearts of the soldiery because it
springs from the heart of the General.
I would not, sir, willingly, do injustice to the
living, even to do justice to the dead, could that
be possibly necessary. Especially would I not do
injustice to any one of those officers, whose con-
duct and the conduct of whose troops, in this war,
"have taught the world, that neither the genius nor
the courage are wanting, to make this the first na-
tion in it. Nor can 1 think that I do injustice to
any, in uttering the opinion that, perhaps, no one
of them, possessed in a higher degree, than did
General Hamer, that insciutabic power whicji is
expressed by the word—address, and by wh'ch a
single individual is often seen to sway the discord-
ant wills of thousands and to bind the whole, as
by a spell, to his person and his purposes, more
closely than mere official authority can ever bind
men of various tempers, to a common object. It
is for this reason that I esteem his death to have
been a peculiar misfortune to the army and, there-
fore, to the nation.
In reviewing the lives of the eminent men of
our country who have already passed away, no
remark will be found more common than, that
such a one, was a self-made man. There arc now
in this Senate and elsewhere around us men whose
great abilities and public services will entitle them
to be ranked with their illustrious predecessors,
and of almost every one of whom, it will with equal
truth be said, he, too, was a self-made man. .Not
one of them, however, will fall more emphati-
cally within this description, than Thomas L.
Hamer.
Inheriting nothing from his parents, but the
right truly to say they were respected and honor-
able people, he went alone from his native State
of Pennsylvania, when but a boy, and settled in
the county of Clermont, in the State of Ohio.
He began life as the instructor of a country
school, devoting the hours otherwise unemployed,
to study and, especially, to the reading of the law.
In due time he was admitted to that learned pro-
fession and, removing to the adjoining county of
Brown, commenced and continued its practice,
with distinguished success^ He had been at the
bar, however, but a very short time when politi-
cal events began to excite an extraordinary interest
in the public mind. So deep and general did that
interest soon become, and so strong were the pas-
sions which it called up from the repose of the
eight preceding years, that it was scarcely possi-
ble for a young man, such as Mr. Hamer was, of
admitted genius and eloquence, of ail ardent na-
ture, of a blameless character, and of decided
Eolitical sentiments, to resist the importunities of
is fellow-citizens, who sought to make him the
representative of their wishes and opinions. He
was accordingly elected and reelected to the lower
branch of the State Legislature, and by that body,
elected its presiding officer. Prom this post he
retired, intending to resume his place at the bar.
But the same causes which had drawn him from
it before, still acting and with accumulated force,
he again yielded, and was, by the same constitu-
ency, three times elected to the nation's House of
Representatives, from which we have just received
this melancholy message. At the expiration of
his third term, he again voluntarily retired, and
once more resumed the practice of the law. It
was in this situation, with abilities and legal learn-
ing, which, in that region of the State, admitted of
no rivalry, and in the enjoyment of a correspond-
ing practice and emolument, that he heard the call
of Ins country upon her sons to arm. Heobeyed,
and was among the first to set an example, by
himself volunteering as a common soldier. His
friends and constituents followed his lead, and
speedily, an organized body stood ready for the
march.
Mr. Hamer was known personally and well to
the President, with whom he had served in the
House of Representatives, amid Scenes no less try- :
ing to the firmness and fortitude of men, than the
field of battle itself. The President, was therefore,
under no necessity to ask who should be placed in
command of the Ohio brigade. Mr. Hamer was
appointed, and that too, without his solicitation;
and, I believe, without his knowledge of such an
event being in contemplation.
He accepted the commission, proceeded on duty,
and lost his life in its performance; having been
elected in his absence, again to Congress.
When the intelligence of this sad event came to
the. West, the Legislature of Ohio being in session,
immediately adopted appropriate measures to ex-
press, in behalf of the whole people, their high ap-
preciation of his virtues, abilities and services, and
the profound sense felt by all, of the loss sustained
in his death. The State stretched forth her hands
and drew the dead body of her adopted son to her
bosom. There it now reposes, amid the family,
the neighbors, the constituency, who received it
with sighs and with tears, for the same reason
they had always before greeted his return among
them with exultation and joy.
It would be but a commonplace and an insuffi-
cient eulogy upon Mr. Hamer, to say, that in all
the relations he bore to the community, he exhib-
ited the qualities appropriate to those relations.
Society has a' right to expect such a result even
from a man of mere mediocrity. But from one in
the powers of whose mind the discriminating par-
tiality of nature was so manifest as in hi£, society
has a right to demand such an exertion of intellect
and exhibition of virtues as may tend to the ad-
vancement of its lasting welfare, and afford an ex-
ample to the incoming generation. To thisdemand,
the whole life of Mr. Hamer—his private and pub-
lic manners, habits and sympathies; his benevo-
lence, integrity and honor; his intelligence, indus-
try, courage, genius and patriotism—all responded
in a manner to entitle him to demand in his turn,
the lasting gratitude of society. This he enjoyed
when he lived, and when called to pass that bound-
ary which nature has drawn between the living
and the dead, he did so, with the consciousness
that he laid down a life that might be reviewed by
the intelligent and the just, with the approbation
of every mind and of every heart which, like his
own, was sound and strong and pure.
Long will his memory be cherished by the State.
Long will his old constituents of Clermont, of
J§rown, of Adams and Highland, remember their
affectionate friend, their faithful counsellor, their
able representative. And many are the aged fathers
among them who, to stimulate the emulation of
their sons, will recount to them, in the winter's
evenings, the scenes, the event?, the sayings, and
the anecdotes, of his brilliant and blameless life.
Long will the widow and the children remember,
fondly remember, the husband and the parent, in
whose affections they were happy, in whose char-
acter they are honored, and in the imitation of
whose virtues his sons will find the only reward
which can bear any proportion to the magnitude
of their loss. ,
Mr. ALLEN concluded by offering the follow-
ing resolutions:
Resolved, unanimoiu'y, Thatttie Senate has received with
deep sensibility the message from the House of Representa-
tives, announcing the death of Hon. Thomas L. Hamer, a
Representative elect from the State of Ohio.
Resolved, unanimously, That the members of the Senate,
from a sincere desire of showing every mark of respect to
the memory of the deceased, will wear the usual badge of
mourning for thirty days.
Resolved, That as a further mark of respect for the mem-
ory of the deceased, the Senate do now adjourn.
The resolutions having been unanimously adopt-
ed,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 23, 1847.
On motion of Mr. THIBODEAUX, it was re-
solved that when this House adjourns to-day, it
will adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
frbm the Secretary of the Territory of Wisconsin,
transmitting, in pursuance of the third section of
the " Act establishing the Territorial Government
of Wisconsin," approved April 20,1836, copies of
the laws of said Territory, passed in 1847, for the
use of Gongress. Laid on the table.
OBITUARY.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio, rosektnd said :
Mr. Speaker : It becomes my painful duty to
announce to this House the death of another of its
members elect. Yes,.sir, it is but too true that
General Tijomas L. Hamer, Ohio's favorite son,
is dead. He departed this life at-Monterey on the
2d day of December, 1846.
His eulogy has been pronounced by popular
assemblies and by men who are the most eminent,
and his loss has been deplored by all. I cannot
hope to equal, much less improve, upon what has
been said out of this House. And we can now
realize our great bereavement unaided by elo-
quence. It may not, however, be inappropriate
for me to allude to a few incidents in the life of the
deceased, with some of which I am personally
familiar.
General Hamer was born in Pennsylvania, and
came to Clermont county, Ohio, when he was a
young man, (or rather a lad,) without money,
without friends, and with no more than a common
English education.
His first business effort was teaching a common
school; next he became a studentatlaw. He was
admitted to the bar in 1821, and the same year
he settled in Georgetown, Brown county, Ohio,
which he made his permanent residence. He was
a member of the Legislature of Ohio several ses-
sions, and was once elected Speaker of the House
of Representatives.
He was elected to Congress in 1832, and con-
tinued a member for six years. He then declined
a reelection, and devoted himself to business as a
lawyer until 1846. The ability which he display-
ed during this period removed all doubt, if any
before existed, of his capacity to adorn his pro-
fession in its highest departments, either on the
bench or at the bar.
In June, 1846, he was unanimously nominated
by a convention of the party to which he belonged,
as a candidate for a seat in this House; and on the
second Tuesday of October following was elected
without opposition.
When our soil had been invaded by Mexico,
and when the people were called upon to sustain
the rights and honor of the nation by arms, Gen-
eral Hamer was amongst the first who crowded
forward. He volunteered as a private, and as such
entered camp Washington; he was there elected
Major of the first Ohio regiment, and was soon
after appointed a Brigadier General by the Presi-
dent, and this last promotion was, on his part, as
I have been told, unsolicited.
In his brief military career he became a favorite
of the army. His knowledge of men served to
more than supply his want of a military education.
He endeared himself to the private soldiery by
kindness and attention, and his bravery and con-
duct, as well at the battle of Monterey as else-
where, elicited at his decease from his command-
ing General the high encomium that " his place
could not be supplied."
The intellect of General Hamer was clear and
discriminating. He was cautious, energetic, affa-
ble, and his colloquial powers were peculiarly fas-
cinating. The purity of his character in the pri-
vate and domestic relations of life was never ques-
tioned.
General Hamer was unwearied in his efforts to
improve himself, and, though nature had been lib-
eral to him, it is mainly to this course on his part
that we are to look for the reason of his great attain-
ments as a statesman and lawyer.
His friends being aware of this, claimed that his
carecr would be onward, and that, if he had lived,
his final triumph would be the receiving of the
highest honor which men can bestow on man.
Such was Thomas L. Hamer; and though he is
dead, his example may be of use to the living.
Mr. Morris concluded by moving the following
resolutions:
Resolved, That this House lias heard with deep and un-
feigned regiet of the death of General Thomas L. Hamer,
one of its members elect from the seventh Congiessional dis-
trict of Ohio. , .
Resolved, That tills House, desirous to show doejmd pro-
per respect for the memory of the deceased, will wear tne
usual badge of mourning on the left arm for thirty days.
Resolved further, That the Clerk forward to the family of
the deceased a copy of the proceedings hereot.
Resolved furtkJr, That, as an additional mark of respect,
this House do now adjourn.
The resolutions were unanimously adopted,
And the House adjourned.
