1847.
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, said he did not
intend to object to this resolution, if it was neces-
sary to employ an additional force in this bureau.
His purpose was to suggest to the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] that, as he understood,
upqn another bureau in the War Department, viz :
the Second Auditor's, there was as heavy a press
as upon this, and probably a more important one,
he should so modify his resolution as to include
this bureau. He understood that the resolution
was confined to the Commissioner's office.
Mr. JONES was understood to say he had no
objection so to modify his resolution, if it was the
pleasure of the House.
Mr. BRODHEAD suggested to the gentleman
from Tennessee, who moved this resolution, a
modification in regard to the salary of the Com-
missioner of Pensions. Some years since, as he
understood, the salary of this officer was reduced
from the usual salary received by heads of bureaus
to $2,500, he believed. He shauld receive as
much as the other heads of bureaus. It was one
of the most important of them, and passed upon
a larger amount of claims than any other, per-
haps, connected with the departments. He there-
fore suggested to the gentleman the propriety of
referring this subject also to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. JONES replied that this resolution was not
intended to have anything to do with the salary of
the Commissioner of Pensions. There was no
necessity of being in a great hurry about that
matter; if it needed to be increased,. Congress
could act upon it hereafter; but here were an im-
mense number of claims and applications pending
which could not be examined, and they were now
coming in in greater numbers than they could dis-
pose of, with their present force, in any reasonable
time. He hoped, if the House were disposed to
inquire into the sufficiency of the salary of the
Commissioner of Pensions, they would do it an-
other time, and not burden this necessary and
pressing inquiry with matters which could be
postponed.
Mr. BRODHEAD remarked, that he would not
then press his suggestion by way of an amend-
ment.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, moved to amend
thetresolution so as to instruct,also the Judiciary
Cbmmittee to inquire into the propriety and neces-
sity of increasing the force in the Second Auditor's
Office.
The SPEAKER ruled the amendment out of
order; as the resolution, if so amended, would
refer to two different committees.
Some conversation ensued between the SPEAK-
ER and Mr. HOUSTON upon this point.
Mr. CROZIER said, it seemed to him that the
committee to which his colleague proposed to refer
this resolution was a very inappropriate one. Some-
vears ago there were several committees instituted
in this House—Committees on Expenditures in
the several departments—viz., committees " on so
much of the public accounts and expenditures as
relates to the Department of State," and so of the
other departments, one for each department. It
would seem much more appropriate that the gen-
tleman introducing this resolution should refer the
subject to the Committee on the Expenditures of
the War Department. He thought it very prob-
able that all the departments of the Government
would require a greater number of clerks; and as
these committees come in contact'with the depart-
ments, he thought it proper that general resolu-
tions should be referred to each, making inquiries
in reference to the departments with which they
were respectively connected.
Mr. JONES said he could not consent to the
reference of this resolution to the Committee on
Expenditures in the War Department. His ex-
perience in this House had informed him that these
committees upon expenditures ill the departments
did not assemble at all. He believed they had not
assembled once for the last four years, or at least
that they had never made any report, to his recol-
lection, upon any subject. Again, he did not see
the appropriateness of a reference of this nature to
a committee upon expenditures.
There was one modification he would make, if
it would meet the approbation of the House: that
■was, simply to strike out that part of the resolu-
tion directing an inquiry by the committee, and
substitute a provision directly authorizing the Sec-
retary to employ the clerks. The Secretary of
War himself had reported to this House that ad-
ditional clerks were needed in that office. The
Commissioner of Pensions had informed the
House, and individuals personally, when they had
called to attend to the business of their constitu-
ents, that he could not by any possibility despatch
the business now before him in any reasonable
time, without this increase in the service.
Mr. GOGGIN said the whole subject-matter of
this resolution was already, as he understood, re-
ferred to the appropriate committee by an order of
the House; for he believed the resolution had
passed referring to the appropriate committees the
several parts of the President's message; and this
subject was included both in the report of the Sec-
retary of War and in the message of the presi-
dent himself. If the resolution had not already
passed, it would pass, at all events, in a few days;
for it was indispensable, in order that the several
committees might proceed to the discharge of then-
duties. This subject would then be properly re-
ferred. He moved, therefore, to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. JONES hoped the gentleman from Vir-
ginia would withdraw the motion for a moment.
Before a response to this appeal was made by
Mr. GOGGIN—
The question was taken, and decided in the
negative.
So the House - refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. STANTON offered the following as an
amendment to the resolution :
Resolved. hfcthe Smite and House of Represenhttive1; of ike
United States of America in Congress assembled, That the
Secretary of War be authorized to employ such additional
number of clerks as may be necessary to perforin the public
business in any of the bureaus of the Department.
The SPEAKER ruled the amendment out of
order, as being in the form of a bill, requiring le-
gislation and a notice given of one day.
Mr. BARRINGERobjected,then,to the amend-
ment.
Mr. JONES said that his resolution proposed an
inquiry into the necessity of giving the Secretary
of War the power to appoint these clerks tempo-
rarily. He learned from the Commissioner o£
Pensions that he did not wish that any new per-
manent clerkships should be created in his bureau.
He merely wished authority to employ them tem-
porarily until the press of business could be de-
spatched. *
Mr", WHITE said there was a very great in-
crease in the business of the several departments,
as he was informed, and this subject would un-
doubtedly be presented to Congress from some
other quarter. He was informed that there were
now more than forty thousand land warrants in the
office of the Commissioner of Public Lands that
could not be signed as they were wanted, in con-
sequence of the physical inability of the individu-
als employed in that office to perform all the duties
which were there required. The other depart-
ments would require an additional force tempora-
rily. He thought it would be better to refer this
whole subject to a select committee, whenever a
communication upon it was made to this House
from the proper source.
Mr. SCHENCK wished to inquire whether
there was any communication from the executive
departments of the Government representing to
Congress the necessity of this increase of force?
Mr. TOOMBS replied that there was. He
could state to the gentleman that, in the printed
estimates of this session to Congress, Mr. Ed-
wards had asked for ten additional clerks, or rather
for an appropriation to hire them by the day. No
doubt if the subject was referred to the committee
they would make such a report as was' required;
and if this authority was given, Mr. Edwards, who
was one of our most efficient public officers, would
exercise it in such manner as the public interests
required. As to the substitute which the gentle-
man from Tennessee had offered, he was opposed
to that.
Mr. SCHENCK said he had made the inquiry
as to the necessity of this increase, only bccause he
wanted this matter put on a fair basis. They had
been in the habit for the last three or four years of
receiving applications made through the various
committees of this House for various appropria-
tions. For instance, the Committee of Ways and
Means would receive a communication from the
department setting forth the necessity for some ap-
propriation to supply a deficit in the estimates, or
for some other purpose, instead of a plain straight-
forward application to-Congress itself. ' "
Mr. SAWYER, interposing, said the Secretary
of War had made a request for this increase in the
number of clerks in his annual report at the com-
mencement of this session. • •
Mr. SCHENCK said the proper course to be
pursued, when an application was made in a reg-
ular and direct way from one of the departments;
was to make a proper reference of such communi-
cation, or such part of communication, to a com-
mittee of the House. Let that part of the report
of the Secretary of War and of the Commissioner
of Pensions be referred; and then,if there bean
increase in the expenditures of the Government—
if there be an appropriation for deficiencies, for
furnishing supplies, or for additional clerical force
to meet the calls upon any department, it would
seem to be a response by Congress to a request
from the proper quarter, instead of its being ob-
tained in any way by indirection. He was opposed
to the practice of applications being made from
the different departments through the committees
of the House or through individuals, without be-
ing plainly,' openly made to Congress itself, letting
the responsibility of the request and the demand
lie upon those who are supposed to have the best
"knowledge of the necessity for them.
Now, if there was a passage in the report of the
Secretary of War, or in the report of the Commis-
sioner of Pensions, in which application was made
for additional force, would it not be better to refer
either in the resolution to those communications
from the Executive Department, and let them seem
to be the ground or occasion of the committee's
inquiry into the subject, or else to refer these com-
munications themselves? As it now appeared,
here was a distinct substantive resolution offered,
without the resolution itself imbodying the cause
of the reference.
He submitted to the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] whether it would not be better to
make a reference to the Executive communication
in the resolution itself, so as to show why it was
that additional force was proposed to be given, and'
on whose application, letting the responsibility rest
on them who know whether there is a necessity
for it, and whether the resolution should not be
modified accordingly.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, said, the President's
message and the papers forming part of that mes-
sage, had been referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and that com-
mittee had yet to take action upon them; but he
thought it would be improper and unprecedented,
in anticipation of such action, to take up detached
portions of those papers; while to wait until the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had disposed of them before anything were done
in relation to the subject which he had introduced
to the House, would be to cause a very material
delay in the adjustment of the claims of so many
individuals. In Committee of the Whole a debate
might arise which might possibly be protracted
for two or three weeks, or even months, and du-
ring that time no additional assistance could be
obtained, such as he contemplated. He saw, there-
fore, no impropriety in passing this resolution.
The Secretary of War asked for an increase of
clerks, and the Commissioner of Pensions made
a like application; and the committee to which his
resolution would be an instruction, would have all
the documents before it, whereby it would be en-
abled to satisfy the House of the propriety of com-
plying with those applications.
| Mr. SCHENCK suggested the propriety of
' modifying the resolution of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.] He did not object to the
reference, nor to the instructions, but to a prevail-
ing mode of obtaining supplies to meet deficiencies
in the departments. There were appropriations
made for the fiscal year, and these sometimes were
exhausted in four months. The other day they
had an application for a million of dollars to meet
drafts to prevent their being protested; but, instead
of a plain exposition being made to the House or
to Congress of the necessity for such an appropri-
ation, there was a private note sent to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, and that committee
brought the matter before the House by present-
ing a bill making the appropriation. Now, he
objected to this mode' of. doing business. He, for
one, was desiroits to' see a better system introduced.
