72
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 27,
He was of opinion that, when the Executive found
there was a deficiency in meeting the liabilities of
any of the departments, it was proper that an ap-
plication should be made openly to Congress, and
that the legislation of Congress should show on its
face that it was in fact a response to a call of the
Executive, and thus there would be a proper re-
sponsibility;. But it was evidently most improper,
when there was a deficiency of a million of dol-
lars, to ask the Committee of Ways and Means
to supply that deficiency, and meet the drafts
against the Government. It was right and proper
that an application should be made at once to the
House of Representatives through the Speaker,
and in one half hour it could be referred, and thus
take its course to the Committee of Ways and
Means, for the purpose of meeting the exigencies
of the Government. He wished to see this done
directly, instead of accomplishing the same object
by indirection, through a committee. He did not
wish to be understood as charging any one with
improper conduct, but he desired to see a correct
historic register of Congressional proceedings and
proper responsibility taken. He suggested, there-
fore, that this resolution should show that the ap-
plication for additional assistance came from the
Secretary of War and the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, and that the action of the House was in re-
sponse to an application and a statement made to'
it, or to a call from the executive departments.
Whatever may have been the action of the House
heretofore on demands by the Executive, made
through either committees or individual members,
he hoped for the future the call would be direct to
the House, and that the House would recognize
no other calls of such a nature which were not
made on Executive responsibility. *
Mr. ROBERT SMITH rose merely to remark
that he was sorry to see the simple, resolution
introduced by .the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones,] to provide for cases in which so many
gentlemen on that floor were interested, give rise
to so much debate. A great deal had been said as
to the best way of doing that which was contem-
plated by the resolution; but he was of opinion
that the plan of the gentleman from Tennessee
covered the whole case; and it was more especially
to be preferred, as much time would be required
to remedy all the difficulties in the departments of
the Government. To wait for such general action,
would be to do great injustice to those gallant
men who have suffered in defence of their country.
He had no objection to have the general subject
taken up in the manner suggested by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] so that it could
be brought up more fully and more properly; but
it was sufficient for him to know that the present
action of the House was necessary to meet the
demands of the Pension Office. He therefore
hoped the resolution would now be adopted.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON said he had no wish to
delay the action of the House, or consume much
of its time; but, fearing that an impression migh,t
be created by the remarks of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Sciienck,] and that they might go
forth to the country and be received as entitled "to
some weight with the people at home, he desired
now at least to set that matter right. The gentle-
man spoke of a practice having grown up m this
House by which the Executive and the heads of
departments apply through committees for such
appropriations as they may desire. The gentle-
man from Ohio seemed to be opposed to that pro-
ceeding, and desired that a kind of Congressional
history should be kept; he wished the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] and he called upon
the House, so to modify the resolution that it
should be referred, with a statement of the fact
that the Secretary of War, or somebody else,
asked for it. Now, what purpose couid that
answer, except that which the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] hsd set forth ? and was not
the Congressional history just as well kept with-
out if, inasmuch as they received recommenda-
tions from the heads of departments ? Tf Congress
authorized the employment of the clerks called
for by this department, was not the history of
that transaction complete? Why, then, should it
be modified as the gentleman suggested? But
there was something more than this. The gentle-
man, in his remarks, spoke of a practice having
now grown up by which the heads of the execu-
tive departments made their communications to
committees of this House. iMow, he wished to
say, on this point, that his explanation might go
out with the gentleman's insinuation, that the
practice has existed as long as the Government
has existed.
Mr. SCHENCK interposed, and said that he
had made no insinuation. What he had said was,
that a practice prevailed in this House—he knew
not how few nor how many years, for his Con-
gressional experience had not been so long as that
of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston]—
he had said that a practice prevailed, and he had
said that that practice was wrong, and he asked
the House to correct that erroneous mode of legis-
lation.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON said it was true that he
had been there a longer time than the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] and he now repeated
that his experience had taught him that the prac-
tice of communicating with the House through its
committees, by the heads of the various depart-
ments of this Government, was nQ new practice.
If he was not greatly mistaken, it had existed from
the very beginning of the Government itself, and
therefore it had not grown up within the last few
years, as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sciienck]
insinuated. The gentleman from Ohio spoke of a
deficiency which was met by an appropriation
that was made a few days ago, and he said that
instead of calling on this House, that the country
might be able to see and to judge of the propriety
of that call from the department, the call was
made on the Committee of Ways and Means—a
committee of which he (Mr. H.) happened to be
a member. That committee, very coirectly in the
estimation*of the gentleman from Ohio, did what?
Brought the papers before this House. Had the
member from Ohio read the reports of the Secre-
tary of War and the heads of bureaus in that de-
partment? Had the gentleman from Ohio read
the estimates sent to this House by the estimating
officers of this Government? If he has, I ask
him why on earth he objects in this manner, cre-
ating difficulties which realty do not exist, and
giving rise to improper suspicions in the public
mind? These deficiencies had all been estimated
for.
. Mr. SCHENCK rose and asked the gentleman
from Alabama to permit him to explain. What
he desired was, that when there was an immediate
want for half a million or a million of dollars, a
direct application should be made to this House,
with a statement of the exigencies which made
the call necessary, which this House should refer
to the Committee of Ways and Means, instead of
being communicated to that committee without
such reference by the heads of departments. He
hoped the gentleman from Alabama now under-
stood him. He knew the general deficiencies were
spoken of in the regular annual reports, but at the
same time there was nothing from which to dis-
cover the necessity for raising a million of dollars
immediately. All that he claimed was, no matter
what had been the practice heretofore, that when
an exigency arose, the Executive should make a
direct application to this House, and let the House
give it the proper reference.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ohio ac-
knowledged that these deficiencies had been esti-
mated for, and therefore the estimating officer had
not sought to avoid any responsibility. The only
object, then, of the gentleman from Ohio seemed to
be, to require that this House should be informed
that there were half a million or a million of drafts,
and that there was no money in the treasury to
meet them. Now, he would say to the gentleman
from Ohio, that he might search the records of the
legislation of Congress, and everything connected
with it, oil this subject, and he would not find,
probably, a single instance where a thing of that
sort had been done. And why? The reason was,
that, when the departments of the Government
desired action on any recommendation or estimate
which they had already submitted, they do not
communicate to the House, but simply and re-
spectfully suggest to the committee that it was
desirable that it should be acted upon at an early
period.
The SPEAKER here requested the gentleman
from Alabama to give way that a message might
be received from the Senate; and Mr. Houston
yielded the floor accordingly.
DEATH OF SENATOR FAIflFIELD.
A message was received from the Senate, in- 1
forming the House of the decease of the Hon.
John Fairfield, a Senator from the State of
Maine.
The resolutions of the Senate having been read—
Mr. HAMMONS rose and said:
Mr. Speaker : In raising my voice for the first
time in this hall, it devolves upon me to perform
the most painful and melancholy duty of my
life.
The Hon. John Fairfield, Senator from Maine,
on Friday last, at twelve meridian, was in the en-
joyment of good health, with an unusual flow of
spirits, surrounded with honors, and possessed
of all the enjoyments that earth can afford; at
a quarter before eight of the evening of the
same day, he had bid adieu to time, and his pure
and manly spirit had returned to Him who gave
it.
Most of the morning of that day I spent with
him in friendly and social converse; of the evening,
in witnessing his poignant sufferings, his struggle
with the King of Terrors, and in watching over
his lifeless remains.
How sad, how sudden, how awful the change—
a change which even now I can hardly realize!
In the meridian of his life, in the midst of his
career of usefulness, and while in the full vigor of
his intellect, he has fallen.
Governor Fairfield was emphatically a self-
made man. By his own industry and exertions
he acquired an education, studied law, and at an
early day took rank among the first of his profes-
sion. His fine talents and affable deportment soon
arrested public attention; and he was called at an
early age, from the enjoyments of private life and
domestic happiness, to the performance of arduous
and responsible public duties.
His public career, though not long, was brilliant.
The office of Reporter of the decisions of the Su-
preme Court of Maine, two elections as a member
of this House, four elections as the chief Execu-
tive of his native State, and two elections to the
Senate of the United States—all in the brief period
of about twelve years—were the rewards of his
worthy and generous aspirations.
The complicated and arduous duties of all these
high and honorable stations he discharged with
faithfulness and distinguished ability, and to the
entire satisfaction of those who had elevated him
to power.
He possessed in an eminent degree all the ele-
ments of popularity, and had doubtless a stronger
hold upon the affections of the people of Maine
than any other man living. His popularity kept
pace with his advancement, and, at the moment of
his decease, I have not a doubt he possessed more
numerous and devoted friends than at any former
period of his life. Unshaken firmness, indomita-
ble perseverance, and a sincerity that knew no
guile, were the distinguishing traits of his char-
acter.
His whole life evinced an unwavering devotion
to justice and to the great principles of popular
rights.
In his death Maine has lost one of her worthiest
and noblest sons—a man whom she delighted to
honor; society has been bereft of one of its best
and brightest ornaments; and the Senate of the
United States of one of its ablest, most upright,
and most useful members.
Of the loss to the partner of his bosom, and to
the numerous pledges of their affection, it is vam
to speak. The blow has fallen upon them with a
crushing weight, which no language can portray,
and which none but those who have been called
to drink of the same bitter cup can conceive.
May He " who tempers the wind to the shorn
lamb " give them that support and consolation
which no earthly power can bestow!
I will close this hasty and very imperfect sketch
of my late friend's life and character by moving
the adoption of the customary resolutions :
Resolved, That this House has heard with deep sensibil-
ity the announcement of the death of the lion. John Fair-
field, a Senator from the State of Maine.
Resolved, That, asa testimony of respect for ttie memory
of the deceased, the members and olficers of this House
will wear the usual badge of mourning for thirty days.
Resolved, That the proceedings of this House in relation
to the death of tiie Hon. John Fair*ield be communicated
to the family of the deceased by the Clerk.
Resolved, That this House wiil attend the funeral of the
deceased in a body; and, as a further mark of respect fhr
Ills men.ory, that it do now adjourn.
The House then adjourned.
