1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
73
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 28, 1847.
Immediately after the Journal was read—
Mr. NILES, from the committee appointed to
make arrangements for the funeral of the Hon.
John Fairfield, reported that, in compliance with
the wishes of the family and friends of the deceas-
ed, his remains will be removed to his late residence
in Maine, and delivered to his family, to be there
interred.
The body will be taken from Mrs. Scott's, where
it now lies, to the depot, this day at half-past four
o'clock, P. M., where it will be delivered into the
charge of the Hon. Mr. Clark, a member of the
House of Representatives from that State, who will
accompany it to Saco, in said State, to be consign-
ed to the charge of his family.
The committee further report the following res-
olutions, and recommend their adoption:
Resolved, unanimously, That, as a mark of lespect to the
mtemory of the Hpn. John Fairfikt,t>, late a member from
the State of Maine, the Vice President, the members of the
Senate, and its officers, vviJJ, at hair-past lour„o'clock in the
afternoon of this day, accompany in procession his mortal re-
mains from his late residence to the dep6t, where thev will
be delivered to the Hon. Mr. Clark, a member of the House
of Representatives from the State of Maine, to be accom-
panied by him to the family of the deceased in said State,
and that the Speaker and members of the House of Repre-
sentatives be respectfully invited to attend.
Resolved, That the chaplain of the Senate be requested to
deliver the funeral sermon of the Hon. John Fairfield at
the Capitol the next Sabbath.
Resolved, That a copy of the foregoing resolutions be
\ communicated to the House of Representatives.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed to
payfrom the contingent fund ot the Senate, and place at
the disposal of the Hon. Franklin Clark, for the funeral
expenses of the Hon. John Fairfield, a sum equal to that
usually expended in similar cases, to be ascertained and
drawn for by the committee of ariangements.
Before the question on the resolutions was
taken—
Mr. NILES suggested, that as it was unnecessary
• to communicate the last resolution to the House
o£ Representatives, he would move that the ques-
tion on its adoption be taken separately; which
was accordingly done, and the resolutions were
then unanimously adopted.
The Senate then adjourned.
, f 4 HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 28, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was\ead and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER, by consent, laid before the
House the following communications:
A communication from the Secretary of the
Navy, transmitting, in compliance with the law of
March 3, 1809, an abstract of the expenditures
under the head of contingent expenses of the Na-
vy Department for the year ending September 30,
1847. Read, laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
A letter from the Solicitor of the Treasury,
transmitting a report, in obedience to a resolution
of the House of Representatives of the 20th Janu-
ary, 1847, upon the claim of Matthews, Wood,
and Hall. Referred to the Committee of Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
A letter from the Solicitor of the Treasury,
communicating-, in compliance with the act of
March 3, 1847, the result of his examination of
the case of John Pickctt and others, owners of the
brig Albert. Referred to the Committee of Claims,
and ordered to be be printed.
The SPEAKER presented the petition of the
American Peace Society, praying that measures
•may be adopted to restore peace between the Uni-
ted States and the Republic of Mexico. Referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Also, the irfemorial of John Boyle, praying
compensation for certain materials taken from his
property and used by the United States. Referred
to the Committeeon Public Buildings and Grounds.
Also, a memorial of Ithamar Rogers, of the
State of Maine, praying the release of his son
from the military service of the United States, ;
setting forth that his son was induced to enlist !
while laboring under insanity. Referred to the !
Committee on Military Affairs. ' I
Also, a petition of Suffolk county, in the State of ■
Massachusetts, praying a reduction of the postage
on newspapers. Referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
THANKS TO GENERAL SCOTT AND ARMY.
Mr. HUNT, by general consent, gave notice
that to-morrow, or on some subsequent day, he
would ask leave to introduce the following joint
resolutions :
JOINT JtESOLUTIONS expressive of the thanks of Con-
gress to Major General Wmfield Scott and the troops
under his command, for their distinguished gallantry and
good conduct in the campaign of 1847.
Resolved unanimously by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the thanks of Congress be, and they are hereby,
presented to Wmfield Scott, Major Gcneial commamiing-
in-chiPf the army in Mexico, and through him to thf> officers
and men of the regular and volunteer corps under him, for
their uniform gallantry and good conduct, conspicuously
displayed at the siege and capture of the city ot Vera Cruz
and castle ot S<ui Juan de Ulua. March 29, 1847; and in
the successive battles' of Cerro Gordo, April 18th; Coritre-
ias, San Antonio, and Churubusco, August 19th and 20th;
and for the victories achieved m front of the city of Mexico,
September 8th, J 1th, 12th, and 13th ; and ihe capture of the
metropolis, September 34th, 1847; in which the Mexican
troops, greatly superior in numbers, and with every advan-
tage of position, were in eveiy conflict signally defeated by
the American arms.
2. Resolved, That the President of the United States be,
and he is hereby, requested to causc to be struck a gold
medal, with devices emblematical ot the series of brilliant
victories achieved by the army, and presented to Major
General Winfield Scott, as a testimony of the high sense
entertained by Congress of his valor, skill, and judicious
conduct in the memoiable campaign of 1847.
3. Resolved? That the President of the United States be
requested to cause the foregoing resolutions to be commu-
nicated to Major Geneial Scott in such terms as he may
deem best calculated to give effect to the objects thereof.
* The notice was entered on the Journal.
IMPOSTS.
Mr. HASKELL asked the general consent of
the House to introduce the following resolution;
which was read for information, viz:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House copies of any legu-
lations or instructions emanating either from the War or
Treasury Department, under which any tax or impost duty
is collected, or directed to be collected, on goods oi mer-
chandise shipped from any port in the United States, or
fiom any foreign port, and landed or entered at Brazos San-
tiago, Point Isabel, or on the eastern bank of the Rio
Grande ; and that he also communicate under and by what
authority such tax or duty is directed to be collected.
Objection being made, the resolution was not
received.
Mr. T. B. KING presented a communication
received by him, as chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, from the Secretary of the Navy,
enclosing a letter from the Chief o>f the Bureau of
Docks and Yards, asking for an appropriation for
the dry dock at New York.
Mr. SAWYER, by general consent, moved the
following resolution, which was read, considered,
and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Tndian Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of excluding all
white traders from the Indian territory, and confining the
trade within said territory exclusively to Indians residing
therein, who shall have free intercourse with each other for
commercial and all other purposes connected with their in-
terests and happiness, and to report to this House by bill or
otherwise, as early as practicable.
OUTFIT FOR COMMISSIONER.
Mr. McCLELLAND asked the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce a resolution
instructing the Committee on Foreign Affairs to
inquire into the expediency of allowing Anthony
Ten Eyck, United States commissioner at the
Sandwich Islands, an outfit. Objected to.
PETITIONS.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call for petitions
in the reverse order of the States and Territories,
commencing with the Territory of Wisconsin.
Petitions and memorials were presented as fol-
lows :
By Mr. TWEEDY: Of citizens of Potosi,
Wisconsin Territory, asking an appropriation to
complete the improvement of the landing at that
place.
Also, of citizens of Wisconsin, praying an ap-
propriation for the construction of a harbor at the
mouth of the Manitouac river.
Also, for the completion of the harbor at Root
river: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, of the same, for a harbor at the mouth of
the Sheboygan.
Also, for a light-house at Sauk harbor : referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. BINGHAM ; Of citizens of Michigan,
praying the establishment of a daily mail route
from Detroit, Michigan, on the Grand River road,
to Michigan, the capital of the State: referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. WICK: The petition of Hamilton
Lapham, praying for the extension of a patent
right.
Mr. W. said, that the petition was directed to
the Commissioner of Patents; but, having been
received after the expiration of the patent right,
and consequently too late for that officer to act
upon it, he would present the same here, and
move its reference to the Committee on Patents.
The petition was so referred.
By Mr. INGE : Of members of the bar, and
other citizens of Alabama, praying that the dis-
trict court of the United States for the middle
district of Alabama may be permanently holden
at the city of Tuscaloosa : referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
By Mr. W. P. HALL : Of citizens of northern
Missouri, asking a donation of lands to aid in the
construction of the Hannibal and St. Joseph's
railroad: referred, to the Committee on Public
Lands.
By Mr. CABELL-: Preamble and resolutions
of the General Assembly of Florida, relative to
indemnity for losses sustained in the Seminole
war : referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA,
Mr. C.B. SMITH presented the petition of John
M. Sinclair and 210 other persons, of Jay county,
Indiana, praying for the abolition of slavery and
the slave trade m the District of Columbia, and
moved its reference to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. CABELL moved to lay the petition on the
table; which question was decided in the affirma-
tive by yeas and nays : Yeas 76, nays 70, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barringer, Barrow, Birdsall, Black, Boyd,
Boydon, Riehaid Brodhead, William G. Brown, Chailes
Brown, Buckner, Cabell, Chase, Howell Cobb, Williamson
R. W. Cobb, Cocke, Crozier, Cummins, Dickinson, Don-
nell, Gatnett Duncan, Alexander Evans, Faran, Feather-
ston, French, Fulton, Gayle, Gentiy, Goggin, Willard P.
Hall, Harmanson, Harris, Haskell, Hill,Hi! lard, Geoige S.
Houston, Inge, Jamieson, Andrew Johmon, James H. John-
son, Robeit W. Johnson, George W. Jones, John W. Jones,
Kaufman, Kennon, Thomas Butler King, Lahm, La Seie,
McClernand, McDowell, McLune, Maun, Miller, Morehead,
Morse, Pendleton, Peyton, Preston, Richardson, Riehey,
Robinson, Simpson, Sims, Smait, Robeit Smith, Stanton,
Stephens, Thibodeaux, Tompkins, Jacob Thompson, John
B. Thompson, Toombs, Turner, Venable, Wick, Williams,
and Woodward—76.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John duincy Adams, Green
Adams, Bingham, Blanchard, Brady, Butler, Canby, Cling-
man, Coliamer, Collins, Conger, Cranston, Ciowell, Dickey,
Dixon, Daniel Duncan, Dunn, Edwards, Embree, Nathan
Evans, Farrelly, Fisher, Giddings, Gunnel!, Hale, Nathan
K. Hall, Henley, Henry, Hubbard, Hu<ho/i, Hunt, Joseph
R. Ingeisoll, Irvin, Kellogg, Daniel P. King, Sidney Law-
rence, Lincoln, McClelland, Marvin, Morris, Mulhn, Pal-
frey, Peck, Petrie, Reynolds, Rockhill, Julius Rockwell,
John A. Rockwell, Root, Rumsey, St. John, Sawyer,
Schenck, Shngerland, Caleb B. Smith, Truman Smith,
Starkweather, Andrew Stewart, Charles E. Stuart, Stiohm,
Strong, Sylvestei, TaJhnadge, Taylor, Riehaid W. Thomp-
son, William Thompson, Tuck, Warren, and White—70.
So the petition was laid on the table.
A message was here received from the Senate,
announcing that the Senate had passed resolutions
in relation to the funeral of the Hon. John Fair-
field, late a Senator from the State of Maine.
The resolutions were read; when,
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, it was
Ordered, That the Speaker of this House, its membeisand
officers, in compliance with the invitation of the Senate, and
as «t mark of respect to the memory of the late Senator Fair-
fifld, will attend his remains and accompany them to the
depfitat 45- o'clock in the afternoon of this day, where they
will be put into the care of the Hon. Mr. Clark, to be ac-
companied by him to the family of the deceased, in the State
of Maine.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS,
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred :
By Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut: The petition of
C. L. Dabell and 710 others, citizens of the United States,
praying that an appropriation be made by Congress for the
purpose of building and stationing at or near Bartlett's reef,
a floating light and bell-vessel, of dimensions adequate1 to
the demands of the commerce of Long Island Sound. Also,
that the petition and papers of Abel Gay be taken from the
files and referred to the Committee of Claims.
By Mr. PENDLETON: The petition of Apollus Cooper's
lieirs. , , „
By Mr. TALLMADGE; The memorial of merchants and
others of New York, on the subject of expediting the mails.
Also, the petition of Joseph Emerie, for a return of duties
paid by mistake at the New York custom-houso.
