74
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 29,
By Mr. CROWELL: The petition of John H. Clark and
others, citizens of Braceville, Tiurobull county, Ohio, pray-
ing for peace with Mexico. Also, the petition of Peter
Snyder and others, heirs-at-Iavv of John Snyder, deceased,
for relief, See.
By Mr. PECK: The petition of Gershom Carpenter and
others, for the establishment of a post route from Northum-
berland, New Hampshire, to East Burfc, Vermont, through
Guildhall, Granby, and Victory, Vermont.
Mr. MORSE presented the petition of Andrew Brien and
110 others, praying for the establishment of an additional
post route in Louisiana, and moved its reference to ihe'
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 29, 1847.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate, a report of the Secretary of the Navy, made S
agreeably to law, accompanied by an abstract of
expenditures, under the head of contingent ex-
penses, as settled and allowed at the office of the
Fourth Auditor of the Treasury, from the 1st day
of October, 1846, to the 30th day of September,
1847.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate, a report of the acting Secretary of the Treas-
ury, made in pursuance of a resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 20th instant, accompanied by a report
from the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
in relation to the information required by a reso-
lution of the Senate of the 11th February, 1846,
respecting the public lands subject to overflow in
the State of Arkansas, by the Mississippi, Arkan-
sas, White, Black, Red, and St. Francis rivers, in
said State, &c.; which was ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate, a communication from the acting Secretary of
the Treasury, transmitting a report from the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, in answer
to a resolution of the Senate of December 7, 1847,
respecting the military reservation and private land
claims at Sault Ste. Marie, together with a map
thereof.
PETITIONS.
. The VICE PRESIDENT presented the peti-
tion of Thomas Thompson, a British subject, i
praying compensation for rescuing the crew of j
an American merchant vessel wrecked at sea;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
mei ce.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the petition of Wil-
liam W. Gift, praying that the heirs and repie-
sentatives of claimants to lands under the act of
February, 17, 1815, for the relief of the inhabitants ,!
of the late county of New Madrid, Missouri Ter- j'i
ritory, in whose favor certificates have been issued, \
to locate the same upon the unappropriated public !
lands; which was referred to the Committee on !
Public Lands.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the petition of Dan- !
iel McKissick, praying that a patent may be is- I
sued to him for the lands settled by him in the j
Oregon Territory; which was referred to the Com- ,
mittee on Public Lands. j
Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of the j
Common Council of the city of Buffalo, New }
York, praying an approptiation for improving the j
harbor at that place; which was referred to the !
Committee on Commerce. I
Mr. SEVIER presented the petition of Jona- j
than Lewis, praying compensation for depreda-
tions committed on his property by the Cherokee !
Indians, while residing among those Indians under i
a permit; which was referred to the Committee on '
Indian Affairs. j
Mr. DOUGLAS presented resolutions passed by
the Legislature of Illinois, instructing the Sena-
tors, and requesting the Representatives of that
State, in Congress, to use their efforts to procure
the assent of Congress to the sale of the salt
springs ill Gallatin county; and the ratification of
all sales of salt springs heretofore made by the !
State of Illinois without the consent of Congress; j!
which weie read and referred to the Committee '
on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed. j
Mr. BREESE presented a memorial of citizens I
of Illinois, piaying that the right of preemption !>
may be granted to the Central Railroad Company, i;
to the lands along the route of their road; which ||
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands. !'
Mr. DIX presented the proceedings of a meet- !
ing of citizens of Xew York, in favor of the adop-
tion of measures for expediting- the mails between
that city and New Orleans: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DIX presented a petition of the Common
Council of the city of Buffalo, New York, praying
an appropriation for improving the harbor at that
place; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. DIX presented a petition of citizens of
Buffalo, New York, praying an appropriation for
improving the harbor at that place; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented a petition of citi-
zens of Hillsborough county, Florida, praying the
establishment of a mail route from Tampa Bay to
Manitu river; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented the
memorial of David Myerle, praying indemnity for
losses sustained by him in his efforts to produce
water-rotted hemp for the use of the navy; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented the pe-
tition of the heirs and legal representatives of John
G. Mackall, deceased, praying compensation for
property destroyed by the enemy in the last war
with Great Britain; which was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. STURGEON presented the petition of the
heirs and legal representatives of George Gibson,
deceased, an officer in the revolutionary army,
praying to be allowed commutation pay; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
On motion by Mr. BELL, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the representative of Wil-
liam Ru?swurm, on the tiles of the Senate, be referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. DIX, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Hugh M. McLean, on the
files of the Senate, be relerred to the Committee on Claims,
On motion by Mr. WESTCOTT, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Richard S. Coxe, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
On motion by Mr. WESTCOTT, it was
Ordered, That the memonal of Thomas Douglas, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Md., it was
Ordered, That the petition of Gilbeit Stalker and N. B.
Ilill, on the files of the Senate, be refened to the Committee
of Claims.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Md., it was
Ordered, That the petition of James F. Sothoron, on the
file.* of the Senate, be referred to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. BREESE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the heirs of Biehard Mc-
Carty, on the files, of the Senate, be retened to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion hy Mr. DOWNS, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the forward officers of
the late exploring expedition, on the files of the Senate, be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. BREESE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Stephen Steele and James
Damil, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee oh Private Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, it was
Ordered, That Joshua Dodge have leave to withdraw his
memorial and papeis.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, it was
Ordered, That Gem go T. Sinclair have leave to withdraw
his memonal and papers.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, it was
Ordered, That the legal repiesentative of William Shippen
have leave to witlKiiaiv Ills memorial and papers.
On motion by Mr. HALE, sundry resolutions,
presented a few days ago, from the Legislature of
New Hampshire, relative to the courts in that State,
were referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. BALDWIN, it was
Ordertd, That the Committee on Pensions be discharged
from the turtlier consideration of the resolution passed hy
the Senate, on the S3d instant, in relation to na\ al pensions;
and that the resolution be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of La., it was
Ordered, That tile Committee on Pensions be diseharaed
from the further consideration of the petition of Hugh Wal-
lace Worm ley, and troin the further consideration of the
memonal of John Crosby; and that the said petition and me-
monal be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DICKINSON gave notice that he would,
at an early day, ask leave of the Senate to intro-
duce a bill for the relief of Jeanette C. Hunting-
ton, widow and sole executrix of William D.
Cheever, deceased.
BILT.S REPORTED ON LEAVE, ETC.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. BAG-BY asked and ob-
tained leave to bring in a bill authorizing the pay- '
ment of interest on the amount advanced by the
State of Alabama to the General Government,
pending the Creek hostilities in 1836 and 1837;
which was read a first and second time, by unani-
mous consent, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. ASHLEY asked and
obtained leave to bring in a bill to establish a per-
manent general preemption system in favor of ac-
tual settlers on the public lands; which was read a
first and second time, by unanimous consent, and
referred to the Committee on Pubiic Lands.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. DICKINSON asked
and obtained leave to bring in a bill for the relief
of Asa Andrews, of Ipswich, in the State of Mas-
sachusetts; which was read a first and second
time, by unanimous consent, and referred to the
Committee of Claims. He also presented a docu-
ment relating to the subject; which was referred to
the said Committee, and ordered to be printed.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. BRADBURY asked
and obtained leave to bring in a bill changing the
time of holding the terms of the Circuit Court of
the United States in the district of Maine; which
was read the first and second times, by unanimous
consent, and referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
On motion by Mr. YULEE, it was
Ordered, That a member be appointed by the Vice Pres-
ident to fill the vacancy in the Committee on Naval Affairs,
occasioned by the deceas-e of the Hon. John Fairfield.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CASS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill providing- for the further
prosecution of the existing war between the Uni-
ted States and the Republic of Mexico; which was
read and passed to a second reading.
[This bill authorizes the President, should the
exigencies of the war require it, to call for and ac-
cept the services of additional volunteers, not to
exceed the number of 20,000, that may offer, either
as cavalry, infantry, or riflemen; to serve three
years after they shall have arrived at the place of
rendezvous, unless sooner discharged; to receive
pay as volunteers under existing laws. The Pres-
ident has the power, when the regiment is reduced
in rank and file, to discharge a partofthe commis-
sioned officers, leaving not more than three for six-
ty men, and not more than two for forty rank and
file; and when a company is reduced to twenty, he
may discharge the whole company, and receive a
new company of not less than eighty rank and file;
provided that nothing herein contained shall re-
quire the President to reduce the officers or dis-
charge a company, if, in his opinion, the reduced
company can be filled up by recruiting. The Pres-
ident is also authorized, when regiments of volun-
teers are reduced, to receive additional companies
for such regiments, provided the whole is not in-
creased beyond 1,000 rank and file. The volun-
teers raised under this act shall be discharged with-
in six months after the ratification of a treaty of
peace.]
Mr. CASS, from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, reported a bill to provide clothing for volun-
teers in the service of the United States; which was
read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. JOHNSON, of La., from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill to continue
the pensions of certain widows, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill to compen-
sate John M. Moore, reported it without amend-
ment. He also submitted a report on the subject,
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, reported a Bill to pro-
vide for additional examining clerks m the Patent
Office^ and for additional fees in certain cases ;
which was read and passed to the second reading.
He also submitted a communication from the Com-
missioner of Patents, relating to the subject; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee of
Claims, to whom the documents relating to the
claim of Lemuel B. Nicholls were referred, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the memorial of Henry
Simpson, administrator of George Simpson, de-
ceased, submitted an adverse report; which was
oidered to be printed.
