1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Miss., it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition of
James fidwatds^ administrator of Edward M. Wanton; and
that it be referred to the Committee of Claims.
Oil motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Miss., it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition of
James Edwards; and that it be referred to the Committee of
C)aims«
On motion by Mr. ASHLEY, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciary be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition of
John Bruce, and that it be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju:
dietary, to whom was referred the petition of Mil-
ledge Galphin, executor of the last will and tes-
tament of George Galphin, deceased, submitted a
report accompanied by a bill for his relief.
The biU was read and passed to a second read-
ing- -
Ordered^ That the report "be printed.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
William A. Christian, reported a bill for his re-
lief; which was read and passed to a second read-
ing.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of the
heirs of Andrew D. Crosby, reported a bill for their
relief; which was read and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill to
allow further time for satisfying claims for bounty
lands for military services in the late war with
Great Britain, and for other purposes, reported it
without amendment.
SUBSISTENCE FOR THE ARMY.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill from the
Jiouse, making an appropriation to supply in part
a deficiency in the appropriations for subsistence
iri kind, of the army and volunteers during the
year ending the 30th June, 1848, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr, ATHERTON moved that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the said bill; which
was agreed to.
The'bill was then taken up for consideration as
in Copamittee of the Whole.
Mr- ATHERTON said: it .will be perceived
that the bill only makes an appropriation in part
to supply the deficiency which exists in the appro-
priation for the subsistence in kind of the army
and volunteers for the current year. The remain-
der of the deficiency, which I believe will be
about $3,000,000, is reserved for a more minute
and particular examination. To show the neces-
sity for passing this bill at this time, I ask that
the letter accompanying it be read.
The Secretary then read the following letter:
War Department,
Washington, December 17, 1847.
Sir: I have the honor to lay before you a letter from the
Commissary Genoa!, showing the pressing necessity of an
early appropriation for the deficiency in the Commissary
Department. It is exceedingly important to the public ser-
vice that immediate pi ovision {should be made to meet the
deficiencies, not only m that department, but also those in
the other branches of the War Department, for which esti-
mates have been marie and submitted to Congress. Any
delay in this respect will be highly detrimental to the public
interest.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. L. MARCY, Secretary of War.
Hon. S. F. Vinton, Chairman Committee of iVays and
Means, Home of Representatives.
Office of Commissary General of Subsistence,
JVitskington, December 17, 1847.
Sir: I have the honor to report that the appropriations
applicable to " army subsistence " are nearly exhausted.
The whole sum now remaining to the credit of ^ueh ap-
propriations does not exceed sixty thousand dollars; and
that sum is absolutely necessary to meet the demands of the
recruiting service.
Recent information from the principal commissaries of
subsistence m Mexico, makes it necessary for me to respect-
fully ask that the early attention of Congress may be called
to my " estimate" or the 9th November, in which the defi-
ciency in the former appropriations is stated, as dratts to the
amount of five hundred thousand dollars may be daily ex-
pected to reach the United States, and, as above shown, this
department has no means of paying them.
Most respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEO. "GIBSON, O. G. S.
Hon. W. L. Marcy, Secretary of War.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland. I rile, sir, not
for the purpose of offering any opposition to the
passage of this bill, but t3 ask the chairman of
the committee, if he knows what is probably the
entire deficiency in the estimates^ and if be can
also explain to the Senate, why it is, that the esti-
mates were not sufficienly large at the last session.
Mr. ATHERTON. In reply to the honorable
Senator from Maryland, I will say that it appears
fi-om the estimates which have been furnished, that
the entire deficiency is $3,987,939 74.
Mr. JOHNSON, (in his seat.) Nearly four
millions.
Mr. CALHOUN, (in his seat.) Up to this
date ?
Mr. ATHERTON. Nearly four millions for
the current year. To show the reason for the de-
ficiency in the estimate for the appropriation for
the current year, I would ask that the letter from
the Commissary General of Subsistence be read.
The Secretary then read the following letter :
Office of Commissary General of Subsistfnce,
JVashini>loni November 9, 1847.
Sir: In submitting with this an "estimate of the prob-
able amount that will be required to meet the deficiency in
the former appropriation for the subsistence of the regular
army and volunteers in the service of the United States
from December ], 1847, to June 30, 1848," I have the honor
to make the following report in explanation :
At the time when this department was making heavy pur-
chases for shipment to VeraCruz, Mexico, and to the mouth
of the Kio Grande, Texas, large shipments of breadstuff's,
as well as other articles composing the army ration, were
being made to Europe.
The shipments to Europe enhanced the price of produce
in ceneral nearly one-half of its previous value; and this
enhanced prjee w$s kept yp for some months.
My annual estimate of the probable pricc of the lation
made November 10,1846, was onlv fifteen cents. That es-
timate of course was made at the time without any expect-
anon of such a rise in the price of produce, and fell far
shoitof the cost of the ration by purchase.
The appropriation for the ten additional regimentsof regu-
lar troops (authorized after my estimate of November 10,
1846) was made for only four months—sayfioin March 1,
1847, to June 30, 1847. All the troops composing those regi-
ments arc now in service, will probably so remain up to
June 30, 1848, and will have to be subsi.-ted to that date.
Here will be seen a deficiency in the appropriation of one
year, for this large body of troops.
All the volunteers who entered the service for "one
year" were not mustered out of it at the expiration of their
time; but many of them had to be subsisted for a longer pe-
riod than they were appropriated for.
Since June 30, 1847, nine additional regiments of volun-
teers-have been called into service without any additional
appropriation being made to meet the expense of subsisting
them. They have been, subsisted so far out of the last an-
nual appropriation.
The portion of the army under the command of Major
General Scott, since it left Jalapa, has been almost wholly
supplied with subsistence from the country in the vicinity
of its operations, and at prices varying from twenty-six to
thirty-two cents per ration—being an increase from eleven
to seventeen cents per ration above the estimated price.
The " recruiting service " has tended gieatly to increase
the expenses of this department, as the complete lation,
furnished under special contracts made throughout the
country, costs neaily double the estimated price.
Owing to the nature of the climate of Mexico, and the
imperfect storehouses, (the articles of subsistence being
peny-hable,) much has been lost from decay and wastage,—
as al^o from wiecks during transportation.
All these things combined will, I tiust, satisfactorily show
the necessity, as well as the correctness, of the estimated
deficiency now asked for.
Most respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEO. GIBSON, C. G. S.
Hon. W. L. Marcy, Secretary oj War.
No amendment being offered, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate.
Ordered, That it pass to a third reading.
The said bill was read a third time.
Resolved, That it pass.
Ordered, That the Secretary notify the House
of Representatives accordingly.
THE MADISON PAPERS.
Mr. CRITTENDEN rose for the purpose of
inquiring whether the bill for the purchasing of
the papers of President Madison was not the
order of the day for this day. It had been made
the special order for Monday last; and he sup-
posed, therefore, it was now the first business in
order. He inquired if it would not come up for
consideration at this time as a matter of course.
The PRESIDING OFFICER replied that it
would require a motion to take it up.
Mr. CRITTENDEN then moved to proceed to
the consideration of that bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
taken up for consideration as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. HALE rose and observed, that he wished
the consideration of this bill might be postponed.
The honorable Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Nii.es,J who is not now in bis seat, I believe, is
desirpus of addressing the Senate in opposition to it,
and if that honorable Senator does not do so, I will
for jny self say, that I hope, the bill will not pass.
I hope it will not receive the favorable considcm-
tion of this body; for I think it is, in effect, though
not exactly so in form, creating improperly a civil
pension list, by granting, under the form of a pur-
chase, a sum of money. I think that the whole
system is radically wrong, and if-iri order, I will
move that the further consideration of the bill be
postponed until Monday next.
Mr.'CRITTENDEN. I hope the motion will
not prevail for its postponement to so late a day.
Although, if the honorable Senator desires a short
postponement, I should have no objection that it
be passed by informally, so that it may remain the
order of the day for to-morrow. If that will be
satisfactory to the Senator, I shall have no objec-
tion to its being informally passed over.
Mr. HALE. I would inquire 'whether, if the
bill be passed over informally, it will of necessity-
come up for consideration to-morrow?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It will, I presume, come
up of necessity to-morrow. If not, I .will move
that it be made the order of the day for to-morrow.
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Connecticut is
absent, on account of news received of sickness in
his family. He cannot be here to-morrow, and I
hope, therefore, that the bill may be postponed
until Monday-
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I trust that motion will
not prevail. Many other Senators are absent,
and it is hardly to be expected, in the ordinary
course of things, that there will be at any time an
entirely full Senate. I do not propose myself to
occupy one moment of the time of the Senate. 1
hope the motion for postponement will not pre-
vail.
The question being taken on thp motion to
postpone the bill until Monday next, it was not
agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
it waa ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The sense of the Senate
has been so clearly manifested in favor of this bill,
that I trust the honorable Senator will now with-
draw his objections and permit the bill to be read
a third time this day. I move that it be now read,
a third time.
The bill was read a third time by its title.
Mr. BUTLER. The question is now, I believe,
pn the passage o.f the bill; will it be in order tp
move that it be made the special order for to-mor-
row? I am not fully prepared to give my vote
upon it, and if I am driven to a vote at this time, 1
shall be compelled to vote against it. I desire an
opportunity to make a few remarks upon the sub-
ject, and perhaps I may propose to modify the
bill. "Will it be in order now to make a motion
for its postponement until to-morrow?
The PRESIDING OFFICER.' The Senator is
at liberty to make that motion.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will only suggest to
my honorable friend, that the bill, by a vole of the
Senate, has passed beyond that stage when it would
be subject to amendment, and therefore, if his object
be to amend the bill, it cannot well be accomplish-
ed without retracing our steps. To allow the hon-
orable Senator an opportunity to express any rea-
sons that he may have against the passage of the
bill, is a courtesy which I would be disposed, at
all times, to extend; but 1 hope that the Senator
will not press any motion for delay. I should be
very much gratified if the bill might be allowed to
pass to-day; and I hope the Senator will withdraw
his proposition for postponement, unless there be
some particular object to be accomplished by it.
Mr. BUTLER. I have so many difficulties on
the subject, that if the vote be forced upon me now,
I shall, very probably, be constrained to vote
against the bill. I do not desire, however, to pre-
vent its passage, provided it receive a slight modi-
fication. I am inclined to think that the papers of
Mr. Madison will, in time to come, be more valu-
able than they are now; and if they are to be re-
garded as a legacy to the widow of that distinguish-
ed men, I would not deprive her, in the slightest
degree, of the benefit to be derived from that lega-
cy during her lifetime; but there is a provision in
the bill, Iperceive, that gives her the power to dis-
pose of the fund appropriated to her use, by will.
Now, if I could modify the bill in this way, to give
five thousand dollars,down, and twenty thousand
dollars during her - lifetime fofc such papeis aa a
