1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
77
able compensation to such receivers of the public money as
performed the duties of assistant treasurers of the United
On motion by Mr. BREESE, it was
Ordered, That two thousand extra copies of the report of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, with the ac-
companying maps and diagrams, b§ prfnted for the use of
the Senatp; and that two thousand additional copies of the
map of surveys in Florida, accompanying said report, be
also printed for the use of the Senate,
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Campbell, their
Clerk:
' Mr. President: The House of Representatives
have appointed a Committee on Printing, on their
part, in pursuance of the joint resolution of the
two Houses, consisting of' Mr. Conger, of New
York, Mr. Henley, of Indiana, and Mr. John B.
Thompson, of Kentucky.
I am directed to notify the Senate of the death
of the Hon. Edward Bradley, late a member
elect of the present Congress, from the State of
Michigan; and of the proceedings of the House
of Representatives thereon.
The message having been taken up for consid-
eration—
OBfTUARY.
Mr. FELCH rose and addressed the Senate as
follows :
Mr. President : The announcement just re-
ceived from the House of Representatives, arrests
the attention of the Senate in the midst of its or-
dinary business, with the melancholy tidings of
death ! Again and again, since the commencement
of the present session, similar announcements
have called us to mourn, with the country, the de-
cease of distinguished members of the present
v Congress, and to pay the tribute of respect to the
memory of departed associates. If the melan-
choly expression of our feelings here cannot re-
store the deceased to life, nor recall to a seat in
these halls (he trusted agent of a confiding con-
stituency, nor restore to the domestic circle its
stay and support, it may at least show that we
cherish a high regard for the memory of the de-
parted; that we appreciate his virtues and his abil-
ities, and sympathize with those who united with
the deceased by closer ties, have felt even more
keenly than we this sad dispensation of Provi-
dence.
Edward Bradley, whose death is thus an-
nounced, was born in the county of Ontario, in
the State of New York, in April, 1808. At the
age of twenty-six years he was appointed an As-
sociate Judge of the Court of Common Pleas in
his native county. Previous to this he had
moved in the humbler walks of private life. En-
gaged chiefly m agricultural pursuits, with few
advantages of early education, there was little in
the influences by which he was surrounded to
kindle his ambition, or to stimulate to those un-
ceasing mental efforts which alone can secure high
attainments and give assurance of future eminence.
But his was a mind of no ordinary energies.
Availing himself of every opportunity for im-
provement, he gathered knowledge from every
source within his reach, acquiring strength in his
struggles with adversity, and accumulating, in his
contact with the world, the rich treasures of men-
ial efficiency and practical information. The ap-
preciation of his merits by his friends prompted
him to still more ardent efforts, and a taste for
forensic discussion induced him to become a de-
voted student of the law. In 1839 he removed to
Michigan. Having been admitted to the bar, he
devoted himself to the business of the legal pro-
?\S^n' an<* soon acquired the reputation of an
able lawyer and an eloquent advocate. In 1842
he was called by the suffrages of the district in
which he resided to a seat in the State Senate, and
abty and faithfully performed his duties in that
station during his term. In 1846 he was elected
a member of the House of Representatives of the
thirtieth Congress. This last evidence of the high
esteem in which he was held among those who
knew him best was scarcely received when dis-
ease marked him for a victim. In July he left the
place of his residence, intending to seek the resto-
ration of his health by a protracted journey to the
capital, and a temporary sojourn on the seacoast.
The.end of, this journey he was destined never to
reach. He arrived in the city of New York on
the last day of July, and on the morning of the
fifth day of August he was numbered with the
dead. She who came to administer that aid and
consolation which his debility required, returned
with the lifeless remains of her husband to her
stricken family—the widowed to the fatherless.
I am aware, Mr. President, that, in alluding in
this place to the virtues of the deceased, I speak to
those who have had no opportunity, by personal
intercourse, to enjoy his friendship or to know his
worth. He was called to the world of spirits
when about to assume his position among the Rep-
resentatives of this people. By his death, his con-
stituents have been deprived of the services of an
able Representative, and the country of a faithful
guardian of the public weal.
Himself the architect of his own fortunes, his
sympathies were with the struggling, the poor,
and the oppressed. Ardent in his feelings and
strong in his attachments, he was nevertheless tol-
erant to an opponent and forgiving to an enemy.
At the bar, in the legislative hall, and in the popu-
lar assembly, his good sense and strong reasoning
faculties always commanded attention and respect,
and by his eloquence he carried persuasion and
conviction to the hearts of his auditors.
If, in common with his fellow-men, he had his
faults, they were trivial and easily to be forgiven;
while his virtues, prominent and numberless, will
long be the theme of praise, and his early death
the subject of heartfelt sorrow.
in token of respect to his memory, I submit the
following resolutions:
Resolved, That the Senate has received with deep sensi-
bility the message from the House of Representatives an-
nouncing the death of the Hon. Edward Bradley, a Rep-
resentative elect from the State of Michigan.
Ra>olved, That the members of the Senate, from a sincere
desire of showing1 every mark of respect to the memory of
the deceased, will wear the usual badge of mourning for
thirty days.
Rcsoh&tf, That, as a further testimony of respect for the
memory of the deceased, the Senate do now adjourn.
And then the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 39, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
OBITUARY.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, rose and said:
Mr. Speaker: The melancholy duty has been
assigned to me of announcing to the House the
death of my lamented friend, the Hon. Edward
Bradley, late a member elect of the present Con-
gress from the second district of Michigan.
He was born in the town of East Bloomfield, in
the county of Ontario, and State of New York, in
April, 1808. At the age of iwenty-six he was ap-
pointed an Associate Judge of the Court of Com-
mon Pleas of that county, the bar of which then
numbered among its members several gentlemen
of distinguished legal reputation.
The forensic displays of such men could not fail
to produce upon a mind like Mr. Bradley's a
powerful influence; and it is therefore probable
that his choice of the legal profession may date
from this period of his life.
At the expiration of his term of office he remov-
ed to Michigan, and in July, 1839, he located at
Marshall, in the county of Calhoun, and entered
upon the practice of his profession. His advance-
ment was rapid, and he very soon ranked among
the first at that bar—a position which all acquaint-
ed with its members will concede was as difficult of
attainment as it was honorable to its possessor.
Mr. Bradley's early pursuits having been ex-
clusively agricultural, his feelings, sympathies,
and consequently his interests, were naturally and
strongly identified with the producing classes. To
become a general favorite, however, it was only ■
necessary that he should be generally known; and j
in 1842 he was elected from his district to the ,
State Senate. Though chosen to fill a vacancy, i
and serving but one year, he acquired the reputa- |
tion of a powerful debater, a sound legislator, and j
a faithful and able representative. His great and
varied powers of oratory were, however, best
adapted to popular assemblies. In these, his
depth of thought, his force and style of reasoning,
combined with his inimitable sarcasm, told with
prodigious effect; and hence, in a political can-
vass, as conducted m the West, he was an able
and efficient champion.
At the general election in 1846, he was chosen a
Representative to the present Congress; but early
in the succeeding springj it became but too evident
that the disease which finally terminated his exist-
ence had seized him with an unyielding grasp.
Favored with medical treatment of the most skill-
ful character, he finally, after a severe and painful
illness, partially recovered, and, having perfected
his arrangements, left home, accompanied by his
wife, to enter upon his duties here. The terrible
ravages of disease were distinctly marked, and
the fears of his friends were consequently in-
creased. But, Mr. Speaker,
"Hope springs eternal in the human breast;"
and, guided by its seductive illusions, Mr. Brad-
ley felt confident that travelling, change of cli-
mate, and, more than all, the eminent medical
skill he should employ in New York, where he
contemplated <i protracted delay for. that purpose,
would restore him to health and happiness.
It is written, sir, that "man that is born of a
* woman hath but a short time to live, and is full
' of misery : he cometh up and is cut down like a
4 flower; he fleeth as it were a shadow, and never
' continueth in one stay."
This melancholy truth was strikingly exempli-
fied in the case of my late excellent friend. He
reached New York on the 30th of July, and died
on the morning of the 5th of August. In his death,
in the eloquent language of another, "the poor
4 have lost a friend, the bar an ornament, the peo-
' pie a champion, the councils of the nation a states-
i man, whilst his widow and children have lost a
' husband and a father.'1
"Thus vanish mortal dreams."
In token of respect, sir, I offer the following res-
olutions :
Resolved, That this House has heard with deep sensibility
the announcement of the death of the Hon. Edward Brad-
ley, late a member elect of the present Congress from the
second district of Michigan.
Resolved, That as a testimony of respect for the memory
of the deceased, the members and officers of this House will
wear the usual badge of mourning for thirty days.
Resolved, That the proceedings of this House in relation
to the death of the Hon. Epward Bradley be communi-
cated to the family of the deceased by the Clerk.
Resolved, That this House, as a further mark of respect for
his memory, do now adjourn.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 30, 1847.
Mr. UPHAM presented two petitions from citi-
zens of Ohio, praying the establishment of a daily
mail between Pittsburg, Pa., and Mansfield, Ohio;
which were referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented the petition of
John Leroy, praying a pension, on account of the
loss of an arm while carrying an express for the
army in Mexico; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. WEBSTER presented the petition of Hen-
ry Hatch, praying indemnity for French spolia-
tions prior to 1800 ; which was laid upon the table.
Mr. WEBSTER presented the petition of the
American Peace Society, praying that the war
with Mexico may be brought to a close without
the further effusion of blood; which was laid on the
table.
Mr. BREESE presented the petition of citizens
of Clay county, Illinois, praying that the right of
preemption may be granted to the Illinois Central
Railroad Company to the lands along the route of
their road; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. DIX presented the petition of Joseph Bur-
chard, praying that certain duty bonds paid by him
as surety for John S. Roulet, may be repaid to him;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BADGER presented the petition of citizens
of Johnston county, North Carolina, praying the
establishment of a post office at Bagby's store, in
that county; which was referred to theCommittee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BERRIEN presented additional documents
relating to the petition of Milledge Galphin, execu-
tor of George Galphin, deceased; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. WEBSTER, it was
Ordered3 That the memorial of the President and Fellows
of Harvard College; on the files of the Senate, be referred
to the Committee on Finance.
On motion by Mr. DIX, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Maria Ostrander and the
petition of Sarah Overbagb, on the files of the Senate, be
severally referred to theCommittee on Pensions.
