78
TEtE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. BO,
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Samuel W. Bell, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, it was
Ordered, That Sarah E. Graham have leave to withdraw
faer petition and papers.
Mr. MANGUM submitted the following motion
for consideration:
' Ordered, That the Vice President be authorized and re-
quested to have two movable desks provided for the reporter
of the proceedings and debates of tlie Senate, and his assist-
ants, upon the floor of the Senate Chamber, to be used only
during the session of the Senate, and to accommodate two
persons.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. BADGER submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce inquire into
the expediency of establishing additional floating and sta-
tionary lights ; and also additional buoys, below and between
the town of Wilmington, North Carolina, and the ocean.
Mr. CLAYTON submitted the following reso-
lution, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to inqune into the expediency of making appropriations for
the harbors in the river Delaware, at Port Penn, Delaware
City, New Castle, and in the Christiana and Mahori's river.
Also, for the erection of a Hgbt-liouse on the Burnt Pier op-
posite to Fort Mifflin; and that the report heretofore made
by the Secretary of the Treasury, with the accompanying
documents, on the expediency of a general law requiring
vessels navigating the Delaware to carry lights in the night
time, be taken from the files and referred to the said com-
mittee.
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to inquire info the expediency of a law requiring coasting
vessels of the United States to employ apprentices in the
navigation of said vessels.
Mr. BAGBY submitted the following resolu-
tion } which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to :
Revived, That the Postmaster General be requested to
transmit to the Senate all the papers on file in his office re-
lating to the transportation of the mail by Jamieson and
Williamson, between Montgomery and Tuscaloosa, and* be-
tween Selma and Maplesville, Alabama.
Mr. CLAYTON submitted the following reso-
lution, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to :
Resolved, Th.it three hundred and fifty copies of the map
of the eoast survey of the Delaware bay and river be printed
for the u«e of the Senate.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. DICKINSON asked
and obtained leave to bring in a bill for the relief
of Jeanette C. Huntington, widow and sole exe-
cutrix of William D. Cheever, deceased; which
was read a first and second time, by unani-
mous consent, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CORWIN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which had been referred the petition of
Cadwalader Wallace, made a report, accompanied
by a bill for his relief.
The bill was read, and passed to the second read-
ing.
Ordered, That the report be printed.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which had been referred the peti-
tion of Thomas Talbot and others, made a report,
accompanied by a bill for their relief.
The bill was read, and passed to the second read-
ing.
Ordered, That the report be printed.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce, to
which had been referred the petition of William
Sayward and others, reported a bill to authorize
the issuing of a register to the barque Canton;
which was read.
On motion by Mr. DIX, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of said bill.
The bill having been read a second time, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole, and no
amendments being offered, it was reported to the
Senate.
Ordered, That it be engrossed and read a third
time.
The said bill was rend a third time.
Resolved, That it pass, and that the title thereof
be os afore-said.
Ordered, That the Secretary notify the House
of Representatives accordingly.
NOTICES OF BILLS, ETC.
Mr. YULEE and Mr. BERRIEN severally
gave notice that on to-morrow, or at an early day,
they would ask leave 'of the Senate to introduce
certain bills, the titles of which they named.
Mr. DICKINSON gave notice of his intention
to ask the Senate to take up the resolutions here-
tofore submitted by him.
REGENT OF SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
On motion by Mr. BREESE, it was
Ordered, That a member be appointed by the Vice Presi-
dent to fill the vacancy in the Board of Regents, occasioned
by the resignation of the Hon. Lewis Cass.
Mr. DAVIS, of Missisippi, was appointed.
COMMITTEE ON PRINTING.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, it was
Ordered, That a Committee on Public Printing on the part
of the Senate, m pursuance of the joint resolution ot the
two Houses, be appointed by the Vice President.
Mr. BRADBURY, Mr. CAMERON, and Mr.
GREENE, were appointed.
Ordered, That the Secretary notify the House of Repre-
sentatives accoidingly.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
On motion, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns, it be to Monday
next.
MILITARY STATISTICS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolutions, submitted by Mr. JOHNSON, of Md.,
on the 23d instant:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War inform the Senate:
First. What has been the whole number of voluuteei
troops called into the service of the United States since the
13th May, 1846.
Second. Of the troops so called, what has been the whole
number discharged from such service before theii term of
service had expired; and what the number mustered out of
the service ot the United States.
Third. What has been the whole number of troops in
Mexico belonging to the regular army of the United States,
since the 13th May, 1846.
Fiurth. What is the number of troop3 now in Mexico.
P.jth. What has been the whole number of officers and
men, belonging either to the regular army or the volunteers,
who have been killed, or died of wounds received in battle,
since the 7th May, 1840.
Sizth. What has been the whole number of officers and
men, of the regular army or volunteers, wounded in battle
since theTth May, 1846, who have not died of their wounds.
Mr. CASS remarked, that a great deal of the
information sought for by the resolutions of the
honorable Senator from Maryland was contained
in the report of the Adjutant General. That re-
port had not yet been laid upon the desks of Sen-
ators, but he had no doubt that it would soon be
placed before them. He hoped, therefore, the
honorable Senator would permit his resolutions
to lie over for a day or two, until that report was
printed.
Mr. R. JOHNSON. I was aware that some of
the information called for might be found in the
report of the Adjutant General; but my purpose
was to have all the information that is called for
by these several resolutions together. My object
was a double one—that the information which we
have, or can have without some such inquiry as
this, will not show the Senate or the country the
number of men who have died of disease in Mex-
ico. I propose—and, in my opinion, it is the only
way in which to get the information—to inquire as
to the number mustered into the service under the
act of the 13th of May, 1847; the number of these
discharged before their period of service expired;
and the number mustered out of service. I sup-
pose the difference between the number mustered
into service, and the number mustered out of ser-
vice, not accounted for by the number discharged
in the meantime, will show the number of those
who have died of disease, less the number of those
killed in battle. I have asked, therefore, in addi-
tion, for the number killed m battle. The other
motive which I had was, (and I am sure it is one
in which I shall have the concurrence of the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs,) to lay before the Senate and the country
information which I think will satisfy them, that
the regular army is better in all respects than any
volunteer troops. The committee has reported a
bill to raise ten additional regiments of regular
troops, and also reported a bill to raise more addi-
tional volunteers for the war in Mexico. My
opinion has always been, not that less efficiency is
to be found in volunteer forces—that would be con-
trary to the history of all times—but, as the Senator
will readily apprehend, it is impossible that the
same decree of discipline can be exerted over the
volunteers as over regular troops; and I am per-
fectly satisfied, that in a climate like that of Mex-
ico—a climate in the highest degree insalubrious— !
it is this want of discipline, to which the great
mortality which has prevailed is owing. Now,
we all know, from information that has been laid
before us, that at the commencement of the last
session of Congress, there were actually buried on
the banks of the Rio Grande, of those who had
died of diseases, twenty-five hundred men. Now,
without saying at present what my opinion is in
relation to this war, as I may do at some subse-
quent period of the session, I suppose it is perfect-
ly obvious, for sometime at least, that the war is to
be prosecuted, and it is all important, I think, that
we should be furnished with this information upon
which public opinion, the opinion of the Senate,
and the opinion of the country, can be formed,
which will enable us to determine what is the best
description of force to be called into service. Now,
I have no doubt that some of this information, in
fact a great deal of it, may be found in the report
of the Adjutant General: but certainly it can do no
harm to have all the information spread before us
at once. I hope, therefore, that the honorable
Senator will make no opposition to the passage of
the resolution.
Mr. CASS. No, certainly not, sir; I have no ob-
jection to "obtaining information. I merely sug-
gested that a great deal of it would be found in the
report to which I alluded.
The question being taken, the resolution was
adopted.
INCREASE OF THE REGULAR ARMY.
Mr. CASS. There is a very important bill,
which was reported from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, which I am desirous should be taken
up and acted upon—I mean the bill for raising ten
additional regiments; and I move the postpone-
ment of the previous orders, and that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of that bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope the gentleman
will allow that motion to remain for a few moments,
until the special order from a former day has been
disposed of. There is a bill now upon its passage,
and which will not occupy, 1 believe, ten minutes,
which I should be glad to have taken up if the
Senator will withdraw his motion for the present;
and unless he will do so, I shall feel constrained to
oppose his motion, which I should not otherwise
be disposed to do.
Mr. CASS. I have no objection.
THE MADISON PAPERS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
to provide for the purchase of the manuscript pa-
pers of the late James Madison, former President
of the United States.
The question being upon the passage of the bill,
upon which the yeas and nays had been ordered,
it was determined in the affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bagby, Baldwin, Bell, Berrien,
Butler, Claike, Clauon, Corvvin, Crittenden, Douglas,
Foote, Greene, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana,
Mangum, Phelps, Sevier, Sturgeon, Upham, Webster, and
Yulee—2*2.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Atheiton, Bieese, Calhoun,
Cass, Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson, Dix, Felch, Hale,
Tumey, Underwood, and Westcott—13.
So it was
Resolved, That the bill pas?, and that the title thereof be
({An act to provide for the purchase of the manuscript papers
of the late James Madison, former President of the United
States."
Ordered, That the Secretary request the concurrence of
the House of Repiesentatives therein.
INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
Mr. CASS renewed his motion to proceed to
the consideration of the bill to raise, for a limited
time, an additional military force.
Mr. CALHOUN. I hope the honorable Sena-
tor docs not intend to press the bill to a decision
at this time. The Senate is extremely thin, and it
is a question of so much importance, as every-
thing must be which is connected with the war,
that I submit to the Senator, inasmuch as what
supplies we shall grant must depend on what we
shall determine in the next few days is to be done,
that it would be proper to allow the consideration
of this bill to be postponed. If the Senator is de-
termined to press the question upon us at this early
period, and before any one has had time to fix
his own mind in regard to the subject, I shall be
constrained to oppose the Senator's motion.
Mr. CASS. It is not with the slightest wish to
express my views that I urge this measure, but
because 3 think the good of ~the country requires
it. It is simply a bill for raising ten regiments,
the details of which were all arranged by this
