THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
79
body at the last session; it is, therefore, simply a
question as to whether we will authorize this ad-
ditional force. The bill is drafted in the same way
as former bills for the same purpose, and all the
Senate has to do, is to say whether ten additional
regiments shall be authorized to be raised. This
is a matter which is intimately connected with the
progress and with the termination of the war, for
it is designed to lead to its termination. The bill
has been already reported some eight or ten days,
and I therefore hope, that the honorable Senator
will:aBow the consideration of the bill to be pro-
ceeded with now. And the honorable Senator
will permit me to observe, that I do not see, in
reference to his resolutions, how they are to bring
tiie discussion of this subject before the Senate
better than it may be brought by this bill. The
object df the gentleman is one of three; it is either
to operate upon the Senate, or upon the Adminis-
tration, or upon the country. It is not to operate
upon the Administration, because the President ex-
pressly says, that it is not the intention of the Ad-
ministration to prosecute this war, with the view
of extinguishing the nationality of Mexico.
The ground the Administration takes upon this
subjcct is peculiarly clear—it is to make and secure
an honorable peace. To attempt to prevent the
American people from taking possession of Mexi-
co, if they demand it, would be as futile in effect,
as to undertake to stop the rushing of the cataract
of Niagara.
1, myself, should think it a very unfortunate
thing to extinguish the independence of that coun-
try, and annex it to our own; but the more the war
is prolonged, the longer it is suffered to go on, the
greater will be the danger of such an occurrence.
What, then, is the issue? The Administration say,
they do not intend to conquer all of Mexico. That
projeet is disavowed, and the fighting line is dis-
avowed, and the only thing that remains is to keep
possession of what we have, and extend our oper-
ations as the position of the enemy may render
necessary, and as our means may enable us. Now,
in'my view, this bill may be taken up and dispos-
ed of without determining at all this matter. That
is a subject which is not involved in the present
question. Why, then, should we stop, with the
view of bringing the Senate to a decision upon this
point, which decision, with all deference to the
fKtoorable Senator, seems to me to have no manner
of connection with the subject before us?
Mr. "CALHOUN. As the Senator has avowed
his intention to proceed with this bill, ami to press
the question upon us,now, I shall be compelled to
oppose it.
Mr. CASS. For the personal accommodation
of the Senator, I will consent that the bill shall lie
over until Monday. Beyond that day I cannot
consent that it shall be postponed.
Mr. CALHOUN. My ideas, sir, extend far
beyond that. I am very happy to hear the Sena-
tor say that the President is entirely opposed to
the conquest of Mexico and the extinguishment
of her nationality; and I am very happy, also, to
hear that the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs repeats the same thing. That being
admitted as among the greatest calamities that
«ould happen, the important question comes up—
how shall we escape it? Sir, we often get into
situations which we never intended to get into. We
got into this war although we never intended to
get into it; for I will venture to say, that in this
body, if the question had been propounded to them
of war or no war, independent of the exigency of
the oceasion, there would not have been one-fourth
of the Senate in favor of it. Now, my object is to
gua*d, not against consequences that are contem-
plated, but against consequences that may follow
from the measures proposed, which consequences
are not contemplated. That is the object. Now,
whether this additional force shall be granted, will
depend on the fact whether the mode recommended
by the Executive to carry on this war will not,
in its practical consequences, end in the extinc-
tion of the nationality of Mexico. Now, I submit
to the Senator himself, whether there is nothing
due to those who differ from him in opinion in re-
gard to this point ? He may think that the policy
recommended by the Administration will not end
in the extinguishment of the nationality of Mex-
ico; but I differ with him in that opinion; and until
I am satisfied that he i3 correct, lam not-prepared
to vote in favor of the measure that is now pro-
posed. Sir, though the honorable Senator him-
self is very properly opposed to the extinguish-
ment of the nationality of Mexico, we know that
there are many of a totally different opinion; and
we know that there are many who believe that
such will be the result, whether intended or not,
of the measures proposed by the Administration.
And I am one of those who entertain this belief.
Now, I do think we ought to postpone action on
the bill for some.little time, until we shall have
determined the course which it will be proper for
us Jo pursue; and, with this view of the question,
I shall vote against the motion of the honorable
Senator.
"Mr. CASS. Will the Senator allow me to read
this short extract from the message of the Presi-
dent ?
" It has never been contemplated by me, as an object of
the war, to make a permanent conquest of the Republic of
Mexico, or to annihilate her separate existence a« an inde-
pendent nation. On the contrary, it has ever been my de-
sire fhiit she should maintain her nationality, and, under a
good government adapted to her condition, be afree, inde-
pendent, and prosperous lepublic."
This is exactly the course of policy which the
Administration intend to pursue. For my own
part, I do not see the practical operation of any vote
on the subject in this body disconnected from some
practical measure. In the discussion of this sub-
ject I am aware we must expect animadversion.
We must expect the origin, progress, and results
of this war to he attacked. But it seems to me,
we want that this bill may come to a discussion
and a decision without entering upon the general
question of the origin and progress of the war.
I had intended not to say a word about the Ad-
ministration, or the manner in which this war
arose. I thought there was a common ground,
where we might all unite in regard to this addition-
al force; and I repeat, I yet hope the Senate will
take*up the bill, and proceed to its consideration.
Mr. CALHOUN. A word only in reply. I
am aware of the views of the President in regard
to the war. I have examined with great care the
policy which is recommended in the message, and,
m my opinion, the result of that policy, if carried
out, will tend to the precisely opposite course to
that professed to be contemplated therein. If such
should "be the danger, we must guard against it in
some way; but if this danger does not exist, then
there will be no necessity for any steps on our part
to guard against it. But with my present infor-
mation, I am not prepared to give an intelligent
vote upon the subject.
Mr. CLAYTON. There is not, so far as I know,
any disposition on this side of the Chamber to delay
voting supplies for the army; but I hope that the
honorable Senator from Michigan will not press a
vote "upon this bill, or any measure of this descrip-
tion, until we have had an opportunity of leading
the Report of the Secretary of War, and the docu-
ments accompanying that report. Sir, has any
Senator on this floor read that report and the docu-
ments? I doubt it. They have not been printed;
or, if printed, certainly not yet furnished to the
Senate; and it seems to me that action at this time
upon a subject of this importance, withnutaffording
an opportunity for perusing those documents, would
be highly improper. And it will be perceived,also,
by the honorable Senator, that the seats on this
side of the Chamber ai e not filled, and I trust, there-
fore, that he will agree to a postponement of the
measure, for the present at least, without naming a
particular day for its consideration, because we
cannot tell on what day the members of this body
will be in attendance. Whenever they may be in
attendance, and the reports furnished to us for our
perusal, we shall be ready to act upon the subject.
I have not seen a single copy of that important
document, the report of the Secretary of War, nor
have I seen the documents accompanying the Pres-
ident's message, nor the reports of any of the
Secretaries.
Mr. CASS. I am not unwilling that the Senate
should have an opportunity to examine those docu-
ments, but this is too important a measure to be
delayed. I will consent that it shall be delayed
until Monday, however, for the accommodation of
Senators; but regarding it, as I do, as a measure of
great public importance, [ cannot consent to its
postponement beyond that day. With regard to
the report of the Secretary of War, it gives you all
the details necessary to form an opinion upon meas-
ures of this description. It is entirely unnecessary
to refer to the report of the duartermaster General
for details, because the great facts connected with
the measure now proposed are spread before you
. clearly and conclusively in the report from the
War Department. I say again, that if the gentle-
man will be satisfied with a postponement until
Monday, I will agree to it; but further than that I
cannot go.
Mr. BERRIEN. Beyond the consideration of
the thinness of the Senate, there is, in my judg-
ment, ample reason for the postponement of the
consideration of this bill, until the Senate shall
have discussed the resolutions submitted by the
honorable Senator from South Carolina, as well
as those which have been submitted by the hon-
orable Senator from New York. Sir, we are
called upon by this bill, and others that will suc-
ceed it, to add a force of thirty thousand men to
the army of the United States. We have the re-
commendation of the President to that effect. We
have his approval to us of the report of the Sec-
retary of War, which discusses three modes of
operation in Mexico. Certainly, sir, it seems to
be the obvious dictate of common sense, that, be-
fore we proceed to increase the means of offensive
military operations m Mexico, we should deter-
mine for ourselves—not at the bidding of the Pres-
ident, but for ourselves, as the constitutional de-
pository of the war-making power—what are the
objects to be accomplished by these measures.
There is this, sir, beyond the suggestions which
are made by the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan, as to the operation of the resolutions which
have been submitted—there is this consideration,
that, without seeking to operate on the mind of the
President—without seeking to influence the judg-
ment of the American people, except as that
judgment may be operated upon by the decision
of this body,—we desire to ascertain what it is
that Congress (the war-making power of this
Government) proposes to accomplish by the fur-
ther prosecution of the war. And that, I suppose,
will be developed in the discussion upon the reso-
lutions. The Secretary of War submits to us
three plans for the future conduct of the war.
He passes by, as unworthy of consideration, the
notion of the withdrawal of the troops, and the
restoration of peace, without further trampling on
our down-trodden foe. He then suggests three
modes of prosecuting the war. Have the Senate
considered, are they'prepared to decide with the
information now before them, or will they pre- >
elude discussion, upon these different modes? Will
they not enter upon the discussion with a view to
ascertain the objects to be accomplished by its
further prosecution ' and whether, in the accom-
plishment of those objects, we should in advance
subject the country to this expenditure? Sir, we
have, according to the report of the Secretary of
War, a force of about 43,000 men in the field, a
small majority of them only consisting of regu-
lars. The argument of the honorable Senator from
Michigan is, that the situation of our gallant army
in Mexico renders it necessary that it should be
reinforced without waiting for details of the ob-
jects for which the war has been prosecuted. Now,
look at the state of facts as disclosed by the re-
port of the Secretary of War. It is evident that
the army in Mexico was perfectly safe—flushed
with victory, and confident in its strength—up-
wards of 32,000 strong—while the army of the
enemyis scattered, dispersed,and Mexico iswith-
out an efficient Government, and destitute of re-
sources and men to resist our arms. There can be
nothing, then, in the condition of the American
army which should lead us to precipitate the pas-
sage of this bill, before we ascertain the objects
which it is proposed to accomplish. I desire to
stand entirely uncommitted upon the subject of
yielding the supplies demanded by the Executive,
until I have an opportunity to decide as to the pro-
priety of granting them. But the ground on which
I place my opposition to the present consideration
of this bill is, that it proposes a great increase of
force, before we, the war-making power, have de-
cided what are the objects to be accomplished; and
I see great force in the suggestions of the honor-
able Senator from South Carolina, which seem to
have escaped'the observation of the Secretary of
War. The Secretary sets forth three modes for
the farther prosecution of the war,—first, by
defining a boundary, and holding Mexico to the
observance of that boundary; secondly, by over-
running the wholeof Mexico, and establishing per-
manent garrisons in the principal places; and
thirdly, by holding what we already possess, and
