80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 30.
taking such other places as we may deem it pru-
dent to occupy. He overlooks the proposition
which is stated by the Senator from South Caro-
lina, that in adopting1 the latter mode, there is the
utmost danger that it will run into the second—
that it will render indispensable the subjugation of
the whole of Mexico.
Sir, these are grave questions, and should not be
precipitately pressed upon us.
Mr. CASS. I will merely remark, that the
proper measures for raising and organizing this
force, must necessarily, by mzfny months, precede
its arrival in Mexico. It will take a long time for
the troops to be organized, and still longer to trans-
port them to their several places of destination.
It is a measure whose inception it is now neces-
sary to commence, with a view to have the troops
in Mexico in proper season; and let me observe to
the Senator from Georgia and the Senator from
South Carolina, that for my soul I cannot perceive
the difficulty which strikes them. The Senator
from South Carolina submits a proposition which
can have no practical result. Here, on the other
hand, is a measure which is practical. It proposes
to raise ten regiments. If anybody deemed the
war unnecessary, or believed it should not be fur-
ther prosecuted, let him so declare by his vote upon
the bill. The Senator seems to suppose that there
is some magic in his resolutions, which is to be
drawn out by the discussion upon them. It seems
to me that the most proper plan in the world for
the expression of the views of Senators, is upon
the discussion of a practical measure like this. I
trust, however, they will not delay the passage of
the bill by any general discussion on the origin of
the war; but if the Senate deem otherwise, it seems
to me that a far better place for that discussion is
upon this bill, than upon the abstract declaration
which binds us to nothing. I say again, that if
Senators are content with a postponement until
Monday, I will agree to it; but if not, I shall ask
the Senate to proceed to this consideration now.
Mr. ALLEN. I hope, sir, this bill will not be
postponed until Monday; but, on the contrary, be
proceeded with by the Senate immediately, and
that we will adhere to this part of the public busi-
ness until it be accomplished. There are two
modes, sir, in which opposition to the policy of
the Administration is made—one is in the form of
« an abstract proposition, and the other is in the form
of a distinct piactical measme. Whether this op-
position shall assume one of these shapes licie or
not, is a matter of choicc with those who have the
right to make that opposition, as far as their power
to make a choice is concerned. But whether it
shall be allowed to take such a shape, depends
upon those against whom this opposition is made.
I desire that the diversity of sentiment which exists
in this Senate shall be tested in the discussion and
decision of practical measures.
Therefore, I propose that all the sentiments en-
tertained in this Chamber may be made known
in the discussion of this bill in reference to its post-
ponement, in preference to the discussion of ab-
stract propositions. Sir, there is much advantage
to be gained, as we all know, by the form which
an adversary chooses to assume. It is one thing,
sir, to denounce the policy of the Government in
the discussion of abstract propositions, and another,
to take the responsibility of opposing measures for
increasing the army and sustaining this war. I
therefore, sir, as a friend to this Administration,
and as one determined, as far as I may be able, to
stand by its policy in this particular, desire that the
opposition should be made to these measures in the
face of the measures themselves, and with the re-
sponsibility which that opposition will impose.
Sir, we are in a state of war, and in that state we
must continue until peace puts an end to it. That
war has its theatre two thousand miles from this
Capitol, and the intercourse between the Govern-
ment and the army consumes some two or three
months' time.
Well, sir, under these circumstances, with that
army cut, hacked, and bleeding in the achievement
of its glorious victories, shall we leave them there,
to occupy acounfry as large asourown,surround-
ed by ten millions of enemies, and subjected to all
the perils to which their precarious situation ex-
poses them, without taking the precaution to sus-
tain them by additional reinforcements r
Sir, the vote of this Senate itself is a large part
of the power which this Government must exert
in the prosecution of this war to an honorable
peace. It is the moral impression produced by the
knowledge in Mexico, as to what is the determina-
tion of this Government, as evinced in its legisla-
tion, whether sustaining the President or not,
which is to operate advantageously, or otherwise,
in regard to the termination of *he war. The vote
of the Senate on' this very question will have as
much influence in bringing about peace, as the ad-
ditional force which it is proposed to raise. The
declaration as -to whether we do' or do not intend
to prosecute the war till peace be the result, is of
the utmost importance. *
Sir, if this Senate wavers; if it evinces hesita-
tion; if, instead of increasing the force, it persists in
cavilling against its own Government, what, I ask,
will be the cffect of such a course upon the mind
of the Mexican people? Will it not encourage
them to further resistance? It is, therefore, that I
say that the vote of this body upon this bill will, in
my opinion, have as much influence upon the ques-
tion of peace, as the marching of the troops them-
selves. For this reason I think it highly important
that an early manifestation by the legislative de-
partment of the Government, as to its intention in
this particular, should be made; and that it should
speedily decide whether it will prosecute or aban-
don the war. And if it is to be abandoned, sir, I
say the quicker the better; if it is to be prosecuted,
the more vigorously the better. Let us then decide
the matter at once, not shielding ourselves behind
abstract propositions, but as in the contemplation
of a great practical issue. I want the contest made
upon measures; I desire the decision of the Senate
as to whether they intend to adopt the one or the
other of the two systems of policy—the prosecu-
tion of the war, or the abandonment of it. I reiter-
ate, sir, there is but one question at issue, and that
it has but two sides. However much the meta-
physical ingenuity of some minds may seek to di-
vide this question, there remains but the one—the
simple question, either to prosecute this war until
it is ended by a satisfactory peace, or to abandon
the war, and withdraw our troops to the left bank
of the Rio Grande. If it be the decision of the
Senate that the latter policy be carried into effect,
the sooner the better; if it be the decision of the
Senate that the former plan be adopted, it ought to
be executed immediately. But hesitation, sir,
wavering, uncertainty, as to what will be the final
action of Congress, is nothing but procrastinating
a peace.
I do not speak of design, because I will not im-
pute motives to honorable Senators; but I speak of
the infallible tendency of the course pursued by
them. Now, the Senator from South Carolina says
that he has a question to be decided first. And
what is that question ? Why, that although1 the
President and the country maybe unanimously of
the opinion that the war may be prosecuted with a
view to secure an honorable peace, without the
final extinction of the nationality of Mexico, yet
that the measure before us may tend to that result.
Well, what difference could it make should the
Senate unanimously concur in the resolutions of
the Senator from South Carolina? Why, the very
moment this bill is called up, the whole argument
would be renewed, because, as the Senator says,
this measure might lead to that extinction. Then
why need we, while we have this measure before
us, go into the discussion of his resolutions ? Why
discuss a proposition separately, when the Senator
himself confesses that the discussion upon this bill
will embrace it ? It will be for the Senator to show
how it is that sustaining the army now in Mexico,
by furnishing additional troops to take the place of
those gallant men who have lost their lives in bat-
tle or by disease—I say, it will be for him to show
how it is that this additional force, which is purely
designed to replenish the wasted strength of the
army, is to tend to the final subjugation of Mexico,
and the extinction of her nationality. We want
to replace the exhausted strength of the army to
enable it to hold possession of its conquests, and
by that possession compel Mexico to put an end to
the war. That is what we desire; and what can
be more proper and reasonable ? I hope, therefore,
that the bill will be taken into consideration and
kept before the Senate until it is completed, and
that our army will not be permitted to suffer for
want of this additional force.
Without, sir, presuming to say what will be the
final decision of this body, I cannot be mistaken
in saying, that, whatever that decision may be, it
will exert a momentous influence for good or for
evil upon the interests of our common coun-
try.
Mr. CALHOUN. It appears now, sir, that the
object in calling up this bill at present is not to
pass the bill, but to get a parliamentary advan-
tage—to compel the Senate to discuss this bill be-
fore an opportunity is afforded for discussing the
resolutions which I have offered. It is a mere
parliamentary move. The Senator shakes his
nead. Well, sir, if we follow the advice of the
Senator from Ohio, we shall consume just as much
time in discussing this bill as if we were first to
discuss the resolutions. The Senator from Ohio
talks of the necessity of proceeding to act upon
this bill now, and tells us in the next breath that
we are to have the whole discussion upon the sub-
ject of the war upon this bill. -
Mr. ALLEN. The honorable Senator misrep-
resents what I said. What I said was, that we
ought to take up this bill and go on with its con-
sideration at one.
Mr. CALHOUN. Exactly. We are to go on
with the discussion upon this bill instantly, we
are told, both by the Senator from Ohio and the
Senator from Michigan, and not let the discussion
upon the resolutions have precedence. The Sen-
ator from Ohio says that it is a parliamentary ad-
vantage to have the discussion upon this bill pre-
vious to discussing the resolutions. Well, I ac-
knowledge that it is so. I acknowledge that we
should be tied up, in a gteat measure, in the dis-
cussion upon the bill, and prevented from going
so freely into all these questions regarding the war
as we would in discussing the resolutions. It will
then be, strictly speaking, out of order. Besides
this, we will not have (what is most important) in
the discussion of the bill an expression ^of the
sense of this body upon the great point as to
whether Mexico is to be conquered and held as a
subject province, or incorporated into the Union,
or not. Sir, I know there are many, as staunch
friends of the Executive as the Senator from Ohio,
who believe that the policy recommended by the
President, and now about to be carried out by this
bill, will end in her subjugation and the extin-
guishment of her nationality. Now, sir, it is due
to the country that this question should be dis-
tinctly presented, that the people of the country
may see what is to be the probable result of the
war, and determine whether they will meet it or
not; for that is to be the end of the whole of the
contest, unless the most decisive measures are
taken on the part of the Senate to prevent it.
Sir, I cannot be mistaken. I wish to go into
the subject. I deem it to be due to my constitu-
ents, to the American people, that this, the great-
est of all questions, the extinguishment of the na-
tionality of Mexico, should be distinctly voted
upon by this body.
The Senator from Ohio is unwilling that I should
have a vote upon this question, I presume. Sir,
it is my object to have a vote upon my resolutions,
and to have the response of the country upon the
question embraced m them; for the debate will
bring forth the response of the country. Now,
according to my apprehension, there is no greater
calamity that can befall this country than the sub-
jugation of Mexico and the extinguishment of her
nationality, and the transfer of all her territory to
us. Sir, from the beginning I had great forebo-
dings about this war, and my forebodings, among
others, related to this very thing—the absorption
of Mexico. And I reiterate, sir, that if it takes
place, we are very near to the end of our political
career. Sir, the Senator from Ohio made an an-
nouncement of doomsday, in the event of any
delay in the action of the Senate upon this bill,
although necessary information is to be extracted
by that delay. The Senator need not suppose
that discussion will be avoided by giving prece-
dence to the consideration of this bill. He never
can escape from a full and thorough investigation
of the designs of the Executive in the prosecution
of this war. My object is not opposition to the
Administration. Whenever I intend to assail the
Administration, I will do so directly, and to their
face. My object is to have the sense of the Sen-
ate and the country upon a point which I deem of
the first magnitude to the safety of the country
and its institutions; and I do trust, sir, that the
Senate will not deprive me of the opportunity of
having a clear vote upon this point, after full dis-
cussion.
Mr. HALE. I regret the necessity of saying
