1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
83
Mr. GOGGIN hoped the House would consent
to consider it now. «
The SPEAKER, remarked, that he did not alto-
gether understand the manner in which this amend-
ment came before the House. It appeared that the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads sub-
mitted a report on a resolution which had been
referred to them, but it was not necessary that
they should report an amendment.
J&r. GOGGIN replied, that the joint resolution
which he had now reported from the committee
was offered as a substitute for that which had been
referred.
The SPEAKER suggested to the gentleman
from Virginia to modify his proposition so that the
question could be taken on the joint resolution re-
ported from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads as an original proposition. A joint
resolution had been referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads after it had been
read, without being subjected to the action of the
House. It was submitted to the committee for
examination, and the committee therefore could
strike out the original resolution and introduce any
other.
Mr. GOGGIN then desired the joint resolution
now before the House to be considered as the re-
port of the committee, which he hoped the House
would act upon at once.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, asked for the
reading of the resolution, and it was read accord-
ingly.
Mr. GOGGIN then remarked, that the question
was on the resolution; that he understood to be
the question now before the House for considera-
tion.
The SPEAKER replied that a joint resolution
was in the nature of a bill, and must go through
the same forms. The question then would be on
passing it to a second reading, and no debate
would be in order until it had been read a second
time.
Mr. GOGGIN expressed the hope that it would
iae read a second time now.
There being no objection, it was read a second
time by its title.
Mr. GOGGIN hoped there would be no objec-
tion to further action on this subject at this time.
Heliopedthatall sides of the House would concur
in now disposing of it, for both the North and the
Souths the East and the West, were interested in
its speedy disposal. The interests of the people
■everywhere were involved in this subject, and he
asked it as a matter of favor that the House would
now consider it, and put it on its passage.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, inquired if a
motion to refer to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union was now precluded ?
Mr. GOGGIN said the question now before the
House was, whether it would proceed at once to
the consideration of this joint resolution. If the
gentleman from Alabama objected to that, he would
say so.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, desired to make a
motion that it be referred to a Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and that it be
printed.
The SPEAKER said that the motion was in
order.
Mr. JONES, in continuation, said there was
more in this resolution than meets the eye at the
first view. In it was involved not only what
should be paid to a railroad company for trans-
porting the mail from this place to Richmond, but
a compensation to every railroad company in the
Union. There was a difficulty existing between
the Postmaster General and a railroad company.
' Mr. GOGGIN rose to a question of oraer.
Where a motion was made to refer to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House, was it in order to go
into the merits of the whole subject?
The SPEAKER replied that it was not in order
to take so wide a latitude.
Mr. GOGGIN hoped the House would adopt
the proposition of the gentleman from Tennessee,
and resolve itself at once into Committee of the
Whole.
The motion to commit and print was then put
and carried.
Mr. GOGGTN then moved that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for the purpose of taking up
this joint resolution.
Mr. COLLAMER said that would not answer
the purpose of the gentleman from Virginia, be-
cause the business before the Committee of the
Whole must be taken up in the order in which it
stood on the calendar, and the rule could not be
suspended except on Monday.
The SPEAKER remarked that amotion was in
order to go into Committee? of the Whole.
Mr. GENTRY. But the object of the gentle-
man from Virginia would not be reached by that
course.
Mr. GOGGIN, then, would withdraw his mo-
tion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, said he would make
a motion which would take precedence, and which
he believed was now in order. It was, that this
House do now adjourn.
The yeas and nays were called for, and Mr.
JONES withdrew his motion.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, inquired if the
House must not necessarily go into Committee of
the Whole on this joint resolution, inasmuch as
it involved an appropriation of the public money?
After a brief discussion on the difficulty in which
the I^ypuse was involved—
Mr. GOGGIN movfed a reconsideration of the
motion to commit, for the purpose of bringing it
before the House for its action.
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, made some
remarks to the gentleman from Virginia, but he
was inaudible at the reporter's desk.
Mr. BOTTS hoped the House would consent to
the motion of his colleague, the chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. By
the adoption of that motion, they would get before
them the question, and he hoped it would be dis-
posed of. He was somewhat surprised at the op-
position which was made by gentlemen on the
other side to what he considered one oft he plainest,
clearest, simplest propositions—to a proposition,
too, in which the whole community was deeply
interested.
He did not blame gentlemen who looked on the
other side of this question, for one side was always
good until the other was told. He attached no
blame, therefore, to those who rely simply on the
dictum of the Postmaster General; but he took this
occasion to say, that he held himself prepared to
show, when the question came fairly before the
House, that the Postmaster General had not only
mistaken his duty, but had violated his duty, and
had violated the law of the land; and that he had
done so without having accomplished the object for
which he professed to have acted. The Postmaster
General had interrupted the communication of the
country from New Orleans to Maine; he had sub-
jected the country to most intolerable inconvenience
and delay in the transmission of the mails, and he
nevertheless paid more money out of the depart-
ment for this inconvenience than for the despatch
and regularity of the mails. There was sometimes
a way of telling the truth by which false impres-
sions could he convcyed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, rose toa question of
order. He believed, on a motion to refer, it was
not in order to go into a discussion of the subject
to be referred.
The SPEAKER replied, that the rule was not
so broad as the gentleman from Tennessee appear-
ed to suppose it to be. Debate on a motion to refer
had not so wide a latitude as in Committee of the
Whole; but on a motion to refer, debate sometimes
arose which to some extent involved the merits of
the question. He believed the gentleman from
Virginia to be in order.
Mr. BOTTS had no disposition to discuss the
merits of this bill at this time. On the contrary, if
he could exercise his own discretion on the sub-
ject, he should prefer to hear what gentlemen had
to say on the other side, and also to hear the gen-
tleman who reported this resolution speak in its
justification, before he (Mr. B.) said anything. He
thought there was a most erroneous impression ex-
isting in regard to the merits of this whole subject,
and he would prefer that the gentlemen opposite
should make all their objections to the original res-
olution, and urge all their arguments, before he
said another word on the subject. At this time,
all that he desired was to obtain a fair hearing of this
subject, and he was anxious that the House should
adopt the motion to reconsider; for, if the joint res-
olution went to the Committee of the Whole, un-
der the rule which the House adopted a week ago,
it would be impossible to say when it would be
reached. The subject involved in this resolution
was one in which every part of the country had a
deep interest. Public attention was called to it by
the newspaper press on the one hand, and, on the
other, by boards of trade and commercial associa-
tions m New York, Philadelphia, New Orleans,
and other important commercial cities. The sub-
ject was one which demanded immediate action.
It was not merely a question of inconvenience; it
wtis a question of loss, great positive loss, to the
trade and commerce of the country.
He would not, however, now go into an ex-
tended argument on this subject. He would only
ask the House to favor them by reconsidering the
question, that it might come up fairly for a discus-
sion, and be properly understood.
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, would not say
that the opponents of this proposition could prove
their position as clearly as the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Botts] said he could prove his, but
he (Mr. Brown) thought it would be shown that
the Postmaster General had acted with good faith
to these railroad companies and to the country.
He had acted as liberally as he ought to have acted,
and he (Mr. B.) thought it would be seen that this
was but the beginning of a series of attempts to
control the Post Office Department by the railroad
companies,if they were encouraged by this House.
If an opportunity were afforded to examine all the
facts of the case, it would be seen that they must
now, at the beginning, set their faces against this
system of extortion, or throw the whole over to the
care and management of these companies. The
gentleman from Virginia had spoken of a clamor
from one end of the country to the other on this
subject; but were they, he asked, to be driven
from the course which the department found it
necessary to pursue, by the clamor of those who
were interested, and cared for nothing beyond their
own interests in the matter? He thought no gen-
tleman would take that position.
But he was not disposed at this time to go into
a defence of the Postmaster General, or into the
particulars of this case. The Postmaster General
had offered to this company all he deemed himself
authorized to offer, either by law, by the action
of his predecessors, or by his own judgment. He
could offer no more, he could give no more; and
now, after the company have refused to take it,
the committee have gone so far as to require him
to offer the contract to them again, and subject
the Government, perhaps, to very heavy losses,
in the payment of damages to the other company
and individuals interested, for a violation of the
contract entered into with them.
He was not prepared to say how far the new
route might accommodate all parties when it
should be fairly in operation. It might be found
injurious to the public interests to transport the
mail by that route; and if so, he would be willing
to subject the Government to a loss by discontinu-
ing it. But when every part of the country was
calling for a reduction of the rates of postage, the
department was railed upon by the gentleman
from Virginia, and those who were immediately*'
interested, to increase the pay of carrying this
mail beyond what was given to other railroads,
and beyond what appeared a fair compensation for
the service. This—all this—could be clearly and
fully shown.
Mr. RHETT wished to make a single sugges-
tion to the gentleman who biought forward these
resolutions. It might be that he did not under-
stand their purport; but if he did, there was one
point which seemed worthy of the gentleman's
consideration and that of the House. If he un-
derstood the second resolution, there was no pro-
vision at all made in it by which the Postmaster
General could make any arrangement with the
company with whom the contract now exists.
The company would have the right then, it ap-
peared to him, to run their boat daily over the
route, and at the end of the year to require the
whole sum, viz : $140,000, to be paid—the sum
which the department stipulated to pay. Would
it not be very unwise thus to put our hands into
the mouth of the lion? It might be very expe-
dient that the old route should be restored; but
prudence dictated that some discretion should be
left to the Postmaster General, so that he might
be enabled to make some arrangement with the
new line to pay them whatever damages they may
sustain by discontinuing that route, and take it
out of their power to bring in a demand of
$140,000 at the close of the year, the same as if
