1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89
ment could by any effort, be made to keep in the
field a greater numerical strength than is now there.
So that, if the force of the army is to be materially
augmented, this must be done by the creation of
new corps, and by multiplying the arrangements
for procuring recruits and volunteers. I have
omitted in this enumeration, some bodies of volun-
teers which have been called out but have not yet
joined the army. They cannot, if full, which it is
not probable they will be, exceed 2,200 men, and
do not change the question before us: if, indeed,
they do more than keep up for a time the present
number of volunteers in the field.
I know nothing more of the proposed plan of the
campaign, than is disclosed in that part of the re-
port of the Secretary of War, which has just been
read to the Senate. I do not therefore presume to
speakauthoritatively upon the subject, and indeed
it may well be that no fixed system of operations
has been or will be prescribed by the Executive;
bqt that after expressing its general views, the j
conduct of the war will be left to the discretion of j
the commander. But it is easy to see, that if the i
obstinate injuS^ce of the Mexicans drives us to j
greater exertions, and to a more enlarged sphere 1
of operations, there are a number of positions,
which, from their importance, military or political,
we must seize and hold. These can only be indi-
cated by an exact knowledge of the country, and
particularly of its great lines* of communication,
which must be commanded and guarded.
And the mining countries would claim their
share of attention, in the efforts we may be called
on to make. The rich districts of Zacatecas and
San Louis yet contribute their supplies to the re-
duced treasury of the enemy. I have seen within a
few days a letter from one of the most gallant and
distinguished generals in Mexico, which estimates
the revenue now derived from the mines at an
amount so much higher than I was prepared to
expect, that I am unwilling to state it here, as I
am not at liberty to name my authority. But if
this infoimation is correct, or near it, the product
is a most important portion of the national resour-
ces, which should be diverted from the Mexican
treasury to ours. And he also gives it as his de-
cided opinion, that by proper arrangement and
directions, the produce of the taxes of the country
may be made to bear the expenses of holding it
in our possession. If so, and the same infatuation
continues to prevail in the Mexican councils, we
can hold on, as indeed we must hold on, and let
the enemy pay the cosyjf a state of things whose
existence is owing to themselves. Without the
extinction of their independence, and the annexa-
tion of such a vast population to our country,
with few sympathies to unite them to us, we can
continue to govern them, and govern them with
■energy and justice, such as are new in their his-
tory, till the lessons of adversity shall have taught
them to do us light, and till the experience of our,
sway and us operation around them, shall have
brought them to a better state of feeling. We can
then treat with efficient rulers, and after securing
the just objects of the war, we can retiie, leaving
the Mexican people in the enjoyment of their inde-
pendence, with a salutary conviction that it is bet-
ter to provoke our friendship by justice, than to
provoke our enmity by insults and aggressions.
The .returns show that we have less than 20,000
men, rank and file, which exclude officers, in the
midst of a hostile population, of eight or ten mil-
lions, differing from us in race, in language, in re-
ligion, in institutions, in prejudices, and indeed in
all the characteristics, which constitute national
identities, and separate the great families of man-
kind from one another. This is exclusive of our
force upon the Rio Grande, amounting to about
6,000 rank and file, and which is hardly large
enough to hold that region in peaceable possession,
and to guard against the irruption of the Mexican
troops. And it may be that this force will need
augmentation with a view to onward operations,
either directly upon San Louis, or by the more cii-
cuitous but less difficult route of Zacateca3 to the
central countries ofNorthern Mexico.
Pie who believes that this principal force of
28,000 men, and this auxiliary force of 6,000, in-
cluding the sick invalids and disabled, are amply
sufficient to hold in subjection the people already
reduced to obedience, to carry the war further the
longer it is protracted, and to meet its casualties,-
whether these are found in the battle-field, in the
climate, or in popular tumults, may well vote
against this bill, and refuse the augmentation it
provides. But those who, like me, believe that
this Government, founded by all for the good of
all, is bound by the most sacred, obligations not to
expose its citizens to unnecessary peril, nor to push
their exertions to the very limit of human endu-
rance, but to make the most liberal arrangements
for the prosecution of the war, and to bold the treas-
ure of the nation light as dust when weighed in
the balance with the life-blood of its sons, will
cheerfully vote for this proposition, and hail its
passage no't only as a necessary measure of policy,
but as a tribute to gallantry and patriotism.
Mr. CRITTENDEN- As we have heard the
remarks of the honorable Senator, I will now,
with his permission, move to postpone the further
consideration of this bill, until after th$ Senator
from South Carolina shall have an opportunity
(to-morrow) of addressing the Senate upon the
resolutions introduced by him.
Mr. CASS. I have- no objection to the post-
ponement of the bill, piovided it is understood
that after the honorable Senator from South Caro-
lina has opened the subject, and made theremarks
which he desires to make, that he will then give
I way to this bill. It is only upon the condition
1 that he gives way to this measure, that 1 will con-
sent to the postponement.
Mr. CALHOUN. Believing that I probably
might not have the opportunity to speak to-mor-
row, I had a conversation with the Senator from
Michigan, and expressed to him my dtsne of ad-
dressing the Senate. If 1 have that opportunity,
it is all I ask.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I move a postponement
of the further consideration of this measure until
the day after to-morrow.
Mr. CASS. I ask the honorable Senator if it
is distinctly understood that this bill shall not be
postponed beyond that day.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 can only answer for
myself, that 1 distinctly understand that the con-
sideration of this measure shall be proceeded with
on that day, if such should be the pleasure of the
Senate.
Mr. CASS. I cannot agree to the postpone-
ment at the risk of having the bill overlaid by a
long discussion. 1 am extremely desirous that the
honorable Senator from South Carolina should
have an opportunity of stating his views to*the
Senate, but further than that, as far as 1 am con-
cerned, 1 cannot consent to go; and if it become
necessary, I shall require a vote of the Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It depends, I suppose,
very little upon my vote, or upon the vote ol this
side of the Senate, as to whether they will pro-
ceed with this measure in piefeience to any other.
That matter wfill undoubtedly be governed by those
who vote with the iionoidble Senator troin Michi-
gan, the Senator must be well aware.
Mr. CASS. If the Senator will pardon me, I
expressly said that I speak only for myself.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I say it depends very
little on myself, or upon the votes on this side of
the Chamber, as to what business shall be proceed-
ed with. 1 moved to postpone this bill until the
day after to-morrow.
Mr. CASS. I have only one word more to say:
as to whether it shall be postponed, the Senate
must decide.
; Mr. FOOTE. I understood the other day that
1 the precise motion now made would be made in
\ some fot m by some Senator, for the purpose simply
: of accommodating the Senator from South Caro-
j jma; m other words, that the honorable Senator
| would claim at the hands of his friends, as a token
j of personal respect for him, the opportunity to
I address the Senate upon the resolutions which he
! has introduced. Ever since I heard that intima-
! tion, 1 have been exceedingly anxious to gratify
■ the feelings of that distinguished gentleman. But
| it is evidently necessary that theie should be a
| distinct understanding, as the honorable Senator
i from Mifchigan says, lest while consenting—anx-
! ious as some aie to gratify his feelings—to the
' postponement of this measure, we shall be con-
' strained to permit this bill to be interrupted in its
| progress; and if, in giving way to the honorable and
| distinguished Senator at this time, it will have the
1 effect of creating any considerable delay in the
j passage of a measure so vitally important to the
public interests, I shall reluctantly be obliged to
| vote against the postponement, much as I desire to
1 accommodate .the honorable Senator, unless there
be a distinct and formal understanding that this bill
shall be proceeded with immediately after he has
delivered his views to the Senate.
Mr. ATCHISON. Will it be in order to move
that the Senate go into Executive session?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion is
pending to postpone this bill until the day after to-
morrow.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have no -objection, to
withdraw that motion; but with regard to any un-
derstanding that this bill shall be proceeded with,
I am not disposed to commit myself, nor am I au-
thorized to enter into any understanding which
will m any way commit Senators upon this side to
any particular course. I should myself be glad
that the Senator from Michigan should proceed, as
he will of course be able to do, notwithstanding
any votes that may be given on this side of the
Chamber.
Mr. CASS. I trust, if the subject is not post-
poned expressly with a view to accommodate the
Senator from South Carolina, wc shall go on with
the consideration of the bill, for there is no more
important question which can be presented to the
American Senate.
Mr. ATCHISON. T move that the Senate pro-
ceed to Executive business*
Mr. CASS. I demand the yeas and nays upon
that motion.
Mr. ATCHISON. That will decide the ques-
tion whether the Senate will pioceed or not.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The effect will be to
leave the gentleman's measure exactly where he
wants it to be. It will be merely passed by, and •
remain one of the orders of the day for considera-
tion to-morrow, leaving to the Senate then to de-
cide whether they will proceed with it, or allow
the gentleman from South Carolina to proceed
! with his resolutions. I think if the Senator from
I Michigan will take a moment's reflection, he will
j see that that is the course which will suit his pur-
: pose best.
Mr. CALHOUN. I certainly am desirous of
knowing m advance whether 1 can have an oppor-
tunity of speaking to-morrow or not. I intro-
duced my resolution before the Senator's bill was
reported, and fixed a day for its consideration.
Now, if I am to be prevented from addressing the
Senate, by reason of a measure subsequently in-
troduced, which has obtained a parliamentary ad-
vantage, all that I can say is, it will be the first
occurrence of this kind that I have ever known.
All I ask is, the opportunity of being hgard. I do
not choose to speak upon this bill, and my reason
for it is, that it does o$t give me the scope which
I desire. I wish to have it understood whether I
am to have to-morrow or not.
Mr. CASS. I hope the honorable Senator will
do me justice; he will recollect, and the Senate
will rccollect, that at the very time his resolution
was introduced, and the day fixed for its consider-
ation, I then stated to the Senate that, for myself,
I should endeavor to get this bill up to the exclu-
sion of all other business. 1 am not actuated, as
the Senator seems to infer, by a desire to exclude
him from an opportunity of addressing the Senate.
I only desire that this measure shall be proceeded
! with without delay, believing it to be the most im-
. portant business that can be brought before the
: Senate.
I Mr. WESTCOTT said he should vote against
I any course calculated to postpone the passage of
! this bill a single hour. He deeply regretted that
any one had supposed there was any discourtesy
towards the Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
Calhoun] in insisting on its being actcd on before
; any other business. He disclaimed any such in-
, tention on his part. The Senator from South Car-
I olina was, of all others, that member of the Senate
' towards whom he should be most anxious to avoid
' disrespect or discourtesy. But (Mr. W. said)
| he conscientiously regarded the passage of the bill,
as imperatively demanded by every dictate of pru-
1 dence and wise policy. He did not consider the
i decision of the Senate on this bill, as at all connect-
: ed with the resolutions of the Senator from South
' Carolina. No matter what was the ulterior policy
i adopted by us—even if it was resolved to with-
i draw our army from Central Mexico, and adopt
\ the defensive line policy, still, in his opinion, this
i bill should be passed forthwith. It will take
| months after the bill becomes a law to get the
| troops into the field. AAer it passes the Senate
! there may be .delays elsewhere. Sir, (said Mr.
