90
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.Tan. 8,
W.,) great as is the confidence I have in the skill, .
valor, and prowess of our gallant soldiers m Mex-
ico, unforeseen and unexpected circumstances may
involve them in difficulties, making reinforcements
necessary. The orders of the Government to sus-
tain the army by taking supplies from the enemy,
have just about this time been received by the
army. Three weeks hence we may, and some be-
lieve that we shall, get information that the effect
of the enforcement of these orders, may be the re-
quirement of an additional force there forthwith,
to suppress outbreaks and insurrections. I will
not say I anticipate this, but it is not improbable.
Our fellow-citizens of the army are in a foreign
land, in the midst of eight or ten millions of em-
bittered foes, who are ready to avail themselves of
any opportunity to massacrc every one of them.
They are scattered over Mexico in several differ-
ent towns, and divided into detachments not very
strong in numbers. They are in a different cli-
mate from that they have lived in—they are pecu-
liarly liable to be attacked by disease. Armies are
more subject to epidemics than those who compose
them are when at their homes.
If any disaster should occur to any of our brave
men in Mexico, which the giving-the reinforce-
ments afforded by this bill could have prevented,
and if the immediate passage of this bill was de-
layed by any act or vote of mine, I should feel as
if the blood of those thus sacrificed was upon my
hands. Another argument forced 'itself upon his
mind. He believed, if even it was not already too
late to reason on the question, every hour's delay
tended directly to produce the very result depreca-
ted in the resolutions of the Senator from South
Carolina. If it could be averted, it was only by
sending additional troops to Mexico at once, and
by vigorous means, making her feel the war in
every portion of the country, and forcing her to
sue for peace. Indecision here, delays here, op-
position here, encouraged our enemies in Mexico
to hold out, and finally the country would become
such a mere wreck, that we should be compelled
to take it all and govern it. Vigorous and speedy
measures would coerce her people to a peace while
they had strength left to sustain themselves when
the war was closed. Under these circumstances,
(said Mr. W.,) anxious as I am to listen to the
Senator from South Carolina upon his resolutions,
I feel that I am right in resisting any and every
postponement; and, for one, I am willing to sit
here without an adjournment, till the final vote is
taken; amfcl trust the Senate will do its duty, and
if any detriment is occasioned by delay, let the
responsibility fall elsewher^
Mr. BADGER. When the Senator from South
Carolina introduced his resolutions, something like
a fortnight ago, he made'them the orderof the day
for to-morrow, and at the last day of the session
of the Senate, the honorable chairman of the Mil-
itary Committee called up the bill which is now
under consideration in this Senate, with, as I un-
derstood, the avowed design to keep the measure
before the Senate, to the exclusion of the resolu-
tions of the Senator from South Carolina, which,
by a previous orderof this body, were to be taken
up to-morrow. This was done, sir, against the
remonstrance of the Senator from South Carolina.
It was done, in my judgment, sir, contrary to the
usages of this body. It was, in my opinion, an
exhibition of a want of courtesy towards the Sen-
ator from South Carolina. The subject matler of
the resolutions have been known and announced
to the Senate. The Senate has designated a day
on which they shall betaken up and considered,
and this bill was called up on the last day of the
sitting of the Senate but one, before the resolu-
tions of the Senator from South Carolina were
regularly to come up befoie this body for consid-
eration, with the avowed purpose of giving it pre-
cedence over these resolutions, and probably pre-
venting the Senator who had brought the subject
before the Senate from being heard, and having the
subject-matter of his resolutions considered.
Now, in my judgment, nothing but some ex-
treme public necessity—nothing but a plain case,
involving the public good, and requiiin^ immediate
consideration, should have precedence over these
resolutions. An object of this kind alone, which
could only be accomplished by giving it prece-
dence over these resolutions, would be sufficient
justification for such a course being pursued.
Now, where is the necessity: Wherefore is it that
this particular bill is now to be considered and
passed through with such hot haste? The Senator
from Florida, it is true, tells us that he entertains
serious alarm lest in the next three weeks our gal-
lant troops, who have covered themselves with
honors, who have defended themselves against
three times their number, may suffer some great
calamity—may be overborne by superior numbers.
Well, if any Senator expects any such thing, does
he expect these ten regiments to be raised?—does
he expect that at the slow and limping pace at
which measures are passed through Congress this
can by any possibility be made available? It can-
not, sir. It must be manifest, that whether this
bill is acted upon before the vote is taken upon the
resolutions of the Senator from South Carolina is
a matter of the utmost indifference, if the actual
application of the force intended to be raised is for
the purpose either of relieving the troops or prose-
cuting the war—either to preserve our army, or to
annoy or overbear the enemy. This strikes me,
sir, as being the actual position of the question
before the Senate. It resolves itself into this: Shall
the Senate, without any plain reason founded on
the public good, without any exigency demanded
by the present state of the war, without any pos-
sible reason to believe that any good purpose can
be served by it, set the example of putting aside
a previous subject, and thereby offering, as it ap-
pears to me, a want of courtesy, without example,
as far as I know, in this body towards an honor-
able Senator who has introduced the subject for
consideration. Well, what is now proposed? How
is it that this wrong movement is to be redressed?
Why, it is supposed by the postponement of the
consideration of this bill until the day after to-
morrow, in order to give the Senator an opportu-
nity to be heard, without a distinct understanding
that after that shall have been done, the consider-
! ation of this bill is to be resumed. Suppose the
S course pursued m calling up this bill had not been
pursued; suppose to-morrow had arrived, the reso-
] tions had come in their order—as in my judg-
' ment they ought to be permitted to do—what would
have been the result? Why, not only that the
1 Senator from South Carolina would have had an
; opportunity to be heard upon his resolutions, but
others would also have had an opportunity to be
i heard—for I do not know but many others may
desire to be heard upon these resolutions, if, as he
suggests, there is no such scope in the bill as in
the resolutions. Is it to be understood that the
subject is to be taken up merely to allow the Sen-
ator from South Carolina to express his views, and
then that a narrower ground, a more restricted
range is to be given to other gentlemen who may
desire to be heard upon the matters at large which
are embraced in the resolutions? I hope we shall
resume the ground which I believe the resolutions
ought to occupy. But what does the honorable
| chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
| propose? Surely he does not expect to force this
measure through the Senate without debate.
Surely he does not expect that this is a measure
; which can be passed silently through this body.
The bill must be discussed as well as the resolu-
tions. If members of this body are disposed to
spend three or four weeks in the discussion of the
subjects embraced in the resolutions, they may be
' equally disposed to discuss this bill. Tfte discus-
i sion must come sooner or later. I hope, then,
that the Senate will postpone this subject until the
day.after to-morrow, that the Senator from South
Carolina may he heard to-morrow, and that the
Senate may then determine whether they will dis-
cuss this bill, or whether the discussion upon the
resolutions is to be prosecuted to its termination.
I cannot come to an understanding that, after the
Senator from South Carolina has delivered his
views, the bill is to be taken up, and the discussion
prosecuted to its termination.
Mr. CASS. I merely want to relieve myself
from the charge of a want of courtesy towards the
Senator from South Carolina, who is almost the
last man to whom I should wish to exhibit the
slightest discourtesy. That honorable Senator
will recollect, that at the time I introduced this bill,
I gave notice that I would endeavor to bring it up
at the very earliest opportunity; and the Sen-
ator must know, also, that it has been out of my
power to do it sooner, in consequence of the stroke
of Providence having fallen upon one of our num-
ber, and in consequence of the observance of so-
lemnities which were due to the occasion; and now
comes the very first day on which the Senate could i
vote on this subject, and the Senator says, it is a
mark of discourtesy on mv part to urge the consid-
eration of the measure. Let me ask the Senator
whether, if he regarded a particular subject, as
vital to the interests of the country, he would re-
gard the desire to proceed with that measure to the
exclusion of all others, as any mark of disrespect ?
Would he not insist upon its immediate considera-
tion, even at the hazard of being accused of a want
of courtesy? Would he not do this himself? I
am one who believe that there is an absoluie ne-
cessity for this measure. The Senator from Flori-
da very properly suggests, that a state of things
may arise, in which it would be vitally important,
that the troops proposed to be raised by this bill,
should be in Mexico; and an honorable Senator
from North Carolina suggests the slow and limp-
ing progress of measures through this body. Why,
that very consideration shows that there ought to
be no delay. -
Who can tell what may happen three months,
or even three weeks hence' This is my view of
the matter, and I trust it redeems me entirely with
honorable gentlemen on both sidesTrom the impu-
tation of want of courtesy. If this measure be
postponed, and the resolutions taken up, no man
can tell when the discussion will be terminated;
and in the meantime this important measure—a
measure in which the honor and interests of the
country may be involved, and without which the
lives of our citizens may be hazarded—will be post-
poned. I think it is no discourtesy to any gentle-
man to ask for the consideration of measures so
intimately connected with the public interests, be-
fore the Senate shall be addressed upon other mat-
ters. I repeat, that I shall hear the honorable
Senator with the greatest pleasure to-morrow. I
never hear him without pleasure. I never disa-
gree without I doubt my own judgment; and with
the understanding that to-morrow shall be devoted
to the hearing of the Senator, and that the bill shall
be proceeded with on the next day, I shall cheer-
fully acquiesce, but further than that I cannot go.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not rise to vindicate the
views of my colleague, but I do rise to demand for
him the ordinary course which is conceded by all
parliamentary usage. He has heretofore given
notice of his purpose to express his views to the
Senate, and the motion of the honorable Senator
from Kentucky is nothing more nor less than to
give him an opportunity of doing so to-morrow.
The majority of this Senate has of course the power
to forward this bill; but u liy dries the honorable
chairman of the Military Committee desire so
earnestly to avoid discussion? Is he distrustful of
discussion on this subject? And does he suppose
that in the course of one day's discussion the minds
of Senators here will be so modified as to take from
him the power of his own measure? It may be ho
distrusts his own friends. I am not prepaied to
say what the result will be—whether the Senale
will he disp °sed as:ain to lay down the resolution
and take up the hill. I do not say that I have any
opposition to offer to the measure which the Sen-
ator has introduced, nor will I admit that he has a
right to assume that any member will be the less
ready to support that measure in consequence of
any discontent that may take place; hut I do say
that the light to be derived from discussion should
be had. Discussion should be permitted to pro-
ceed before we aie called upon to vote upon any
measure of importance. I am very far from agree-
ing with the gentleman, that I am to take counsel
from apprehension, that from a hasty announce-
ment in this body, we are to rush to the rescue of
our gallant army, as though it were menaced with
danger. I shall not take counsel from any such
apprehensions; and I think it is but a reasonable
request on the part of my colleague, that he should
be heard before the subject is prejudged.
Mr. FOOTE. I desire to make a single remark—
not more; nor would I have troubled the Senate in
my present feeble state of health, but for the allu-
sion which was made by the Senator from North
Carolina to Senators on this side the Chamber; for
I confe&s I ain one of those who are ambitious of
being recognized as patiiots, and I am also ambi-
tious of not being recognizcd as discourteous.
How far the Senator from North Carolina can re-
concile it with his views to fulminate accusations
of discourtesy, without resting those accusations
upon any good and sufficient grounds, I leave to
himself to determine. So far as my poor judgment
goes, however, 1 consider the accusation which he
