92
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
elcill.
unguardedly, and I was far from taking offence at 1
it, for I am not 4< &udden and quick in quarrel"—
I am not anxious to find cause of offence, nor de-
sirous to signalize myself in contests of this kind.
Perhaps there might have been another considers- f
tion—that feeling on ^ie subject a tolerably clear ,,
conscience, I would not have been much disturbed, li
if I had supposed the Senator was aiming the ■;
word opprobriously at my State. 1
Mr. FOOTE. I trust X shall be excused for
trespassing a single moment further upon the time
of the Senate. Notwithstanding the express dis-
claimer of the Senator fiom North Carolina in the
first half of his remarks, there is something yet in
the tone and bearing of the honorable Senator, ;
which, without explanation, conveys the impres-
sion that he lias not that respect for the State of
Mississippi which is due to her. !
Mr. BADGER. I have expressly disclaimed
intending any offence to Mississippi.
Mr. FOOTE. Sir, so I understood the Senator,
and yet from the whole tenor of his remark's we ,
areas much at a loss as to the intention of the •
Senator as before. He ceitamly did disclaim an
intention of offending, and yet the disclaimer was
accompanied by a suggestion which weakened its
value, and served to produce some little merriment.
He had stated, that he was not awaie of the cir-
cumstance that would make allusion so pamful.
Mr. BADGER. No, sh-; the Senator mistakes
me. I did not say that I was aware of the circum- '
stance which might make the allusion painful. I ,
said that when I made the remark I did not think
of any circumstance which might make the allusion !
painful. I
Mr. FOOTE. Very well, sir, I am entirely ,
satisfied. I
Mr. MANGUM. I was remarking that I think :
there has been a degree of interest in regard to the ,
priority of proceeding between this bill and the >
resolutions greatly disproportioned to the import- |
ance of the question. There is no design, 1 am
persuaded, to take from the Administration the j
opportunity of controlling the measures which i
they may propose. Yet it cannot be denied that ;
the Senate has the right to act first upon such sub- ■
jects as they may deem proper, but under the cn-
eumstanee of this bill being pressed by the friends !
of the Administration, though I have a bare prefer-
ence the other way, I will yield that preference,
and agiee to proceed with th'e consideration of the
bill; though in the meantime I desire that its Ci r-
sideraiion should be postponed until the day after
to-morrow, and I now move its postponement until
that day; and I hope that the motion will meet '
with unanimous concurrence, and that all dispo- ■
sitions to give preference to any other matter will j!
vanish.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am afraid I will find myself
constrained to give a vote which may be consid- :
eied wanting in courtesy to certain Senators, if I ;
am to judge from the opinions which I have just .
heard expressed. I would not wiiimgly be dis- 1
courteous to any Senator; but 1 am unable to !
perceive how it is that a lefusal to postpone the :
business of the country, or the necessary measures
of legislation the piosecution of the wai, in
order to take up an abstract question having no
practical bearing upon our legislation, can be con- ,
sidered an act of discourtesy. I am equally unable *
to perceive how if is that the resolutions of the
Senator from South Carolina will give a broader
field for the discussion of the war question, inclu-
ding its consequences. Those resolutions do not
seem to me to fairly bring up the subject of the
war. They simply assert the principle of opposi-
tion to the annexation of Mexico—a pioposition,
the affirmation of which never has been, and per- ;
haps never will be, presented to us for action. It
is an evasion of the leal question, by the presenta- '
tion of a false issue, if, indeed, it presents any
issue. What do the resolutions mean? Do they
mean that the Senator is opposed to the acquisition
of any ieriitury and to all indemnity? or that he
is oppo-sf d to the annexation of the v/hole of Mex-
ico? They may be construed to mean the one or
the other, and perhaps with equal plausibility.
They strike me. sir, as furnishing a successful
example of that saying of Talleyiand—that lan-
guage was given to man by the Deity to enable
hmi to conceal* not to expiess, his ideas. Iam -
opposed to the postponement of the legislation of '
the country for Um purpose of taking up any such
abstract, idle propositions. I shall oppose thun ■
from a sense of duty, whether offered by the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, or contained m the reso-
lutions of the Senator frum New York. The war
bills are the true measures upon which to discuss
the origin, progress, and results of the war. If
gentlemen desire to make speeches against the
war, I wish to have them made on the bills pro-
viding for the prosecution of the war, so that the
proper responsibility shall attach to their speeches
and acts. The supporters of the war are willing
to take the responsibility of speaking and voting
for the war measures: let our adveisanes take the
responsibility of their acts in the same way. I
repeat, that I mean no unkindness or discourtesy
to any Senator. But 1 must be permitted to say,
that this doctrine of couitesyis being carried to
great lengths. I begin to think there was some
force in an incident which I once witnessed in this
Chamber: A Senator was making a speech against
a measure on constitutional grounds-, a friend of
the measure desired a brother Senator to go to the
Senator who was opposing the bill, and ask him
to vote for it as an act of courtesy, adding, that he
would much sooner violate the Constitution than
be deemed discouiteous. I suppose, therefore, if
we are called upon to withhold the lecruits and
supplies from our army m Mexico, upon the score
of courtesy to any Senator, we are bound to yield
10 the request. I trust that gentlemen will pardon
me if I shall feel constrained to give my vote for
attending to the public business first—for the dis-
cussion of abstractions afterwards.
Mr. WESTCOTT said he desired to say a few
words to correct a misconception of the Senator
from North Carolina, [Mr. 6adger}] and also a
misapprehension of the Senator from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Butler,] with re&aid to the remarks he
made a few moments since. The first Senator
seemed to think that he (Mr. W.) wasapprehensive
of immediate, impending, imminent danger to our
army in Mexico.
Mr. BADGER, I did not understand him as
saying immediate danger, but that there would be
danger fhiee weeks hence.
Mr. WESTCOTT continued: And the last Sen-
atorimagines that he"(Mr. W.) was laboring under
great alarm and "consternation" as to its safety.
He (Mr. W.) had not supposed anything in what
he said, or the manner in which he said it, would
have caused such thought.
Mr. BUTLER coirected the Senator, and said
he had alluded to the remarks that apprehensions
were now entertained of news being leceived in
three weeks that wuuld show the necessity of these
troops—and he had not lcicrred to the Senator as
expressing any fears of "imminent53 danger.
Mr. WESTCOTT. Both Senators had misun-
derstood him. He had as much confidence m the
army as any man had, but he could not calculate
closely the amount of force that might be needed
m Mexico, so as to send the smallest number. He
would be liberal in men and money, and, above all,
be piompt. He would provide against possible
though unexpected contingencies. The remark of
the Senator fiom NorthCaioima,that months would
ensue befoie these troops could be raised, furnishes
a complete answer to the argument of there being
no immediate necessity for these troops. It was
well known that many of our volunteeis there
desireu to be dischatged and to return home, bat
who could not he allowed to do so till their places
weie supplied bv new lev ies. Tins should be done
as soon as piacucable. Until the new regiments
of regulars provided by this bill are sent to Mexico,
none of the volunteeis or other troops there can
be withdiawn, whatever their claims to such favor.
Though he did not anticipate disaster, much less
defeat to our soldiers m Mexico, he would be pre-
pared for any casualty, not only what was likely
to occur, but what was possible. As to the dis-
courtesy imputed, lie denied that there was any m
fact. He repeated, the bill was an independent
measure, proper and necessaiy, whatever was de-
cided upon as to the policy to be pursued towards
Mexico. He said he could vote for the resolutions
of the Senator from South Carolina, if convinced
they were founded in wisdom and right, even afier
this bill passed. There was no inconsistency in such
a course. He should listen to the Senator atten-
tively, and if satisfied, he should vote for the resolu-
tions, and if not so peisuaded, he should vote against
them. He did not hesitate to say that he belie* ed
one position assumed by a distinguished statesman,
a citizen of Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] though he had
never supported that gentleman, to be correct. It
was, that Congiesshad the constitutional right to di-
rect and control the Piesident by law or resolution,
as to the managementof a war. Mr. W. did not, as
some gentlemen did, limit this right to the declar-
ing the objects of the war; m his opinion, the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives could properly
and constitutionally atany time dictate to the Pres-
ident how the army should be employed, and reg-
ulate how the supplies should be disposed of: and
(said Mr. W.) I would exercise this ri<rht when-
ever I believed the Executive was domsr, or was
about to do, wrong. As to his opinions of the
Executive, and of the course pursued with respect
to this war, this was not a proper occasion to ex-
press them. His votes, and speeches, and acts
heretofore, displayed them; they were well known.
When the question as to the policy to be settled
upon as to Mexico came up, he should express
his views as to that. But as it rejects (his bill,
he regarded delay as exceedingly injudicious. *If
it could possibly be hoped there would be no delay
after it passed the Senate, he should still urge it in
this Chamber; but with the probability of delay m
the other House, the duty to dispose of it here,
forthwith, was made still more imperative.
Mr. CALHOUN. I rise to say that I am per-
fectly satisfied with the course which is suggested
by the Senator fiom Arkansas and the Senator
from North Carolina—either will be satisfactory
to me.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I deem it proper
to say, as one of the Military Committee, that this
bill was pre-passed by a committee, under the im-
pression that more troops were necessary to be
raised immediately. The chairman of the com-
mittee, in accordance with the views of a majority
of said committee, announced his intention to
bring it up at the first possible moment, and press
it to its speedy passage. And it is now one week,
I believe [Mr. Cass : Two weeks]—one week was
enough fur the purpose; but it seems two weeks
have elapsec} since the announcement was made.
We had hoped that oi>p week would have been
sufficient to have secured its passage; for we be-
lieved that a great and pressing emergency ex-
isted.
It appeared plainly manifest to us, that if any
military movements took place in Mexico—that
would naturally excite the military ardor of the
people of the United States—it would requne all
the intervening time between the present period
and the time when the yellow fever would set in,
to oiganize and forward the drafts of troops neces-
sary to carry on active operations. The Senator
from Florida is not wrong in supposing that there
is ground for appiehension in regard to our troops
in Mexico, and that further soldiery will be re-
quired in the battle-field. For what has been the
cause of so much loss of life already? I would
ask, if it lias not been owing, in a consideiahle
degree, to the tardiness in furnishing the supplies,
as well as the deficient quantity But fa the small
amount of forces furnished, the battle of Buona
Vista would never have been fought; and if Gen-
eral Scott, sir, had had a powerful army, with
which to have followed close upon the heels of re-
treating Santa Anna, no fortifications would have
been thiown up, and no fighting would have taken
place, or resistance been made, before tl*e walls of
Mexico. What induced Santa Anna at Buena
Vista to attack General Taylor, but the belief that
his troops were numerically exhausted, and were
not sufficient in number to repel such, an attack.
Shall we, by a repetition of these errors, invite
similar attacks again?
Sir, all history has taught us, that where civil
governments at home assume to direct military
operations abroad, ruinous evil has been the re-
sult. Shall the Senate delay to decide v, hcther it
is necessary to send additional forces to Mexico?
The Executive, with the information that lie has
in his possession, has been induced to call for
these additional forces. If it be so—if the same
delay is again to take place in the transmission of
troops—we must then expert to see, what we have
seen, a few of our gallant .soldiers outflanked by a
superior force, and obliged to fight their way
through the serried ranks of the enemy. May it
not be so again: Then, why expose the lives of
your countrymen, while disputing upon questions
that have no practical bearing? We are all anx-
ious to hear the sentiments of the distinguished
Senator from South Carolina, not that I am of
