94
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 3,
So the decision of the Chair was sustained. :i
Mr. J. R- INGER.SOLL asked leave to oiler a i1
resolution to settle the point for the future. He it
believed the Chair to be ri^ht anil the precedents ji
to be wron;c, and hence he desired to provide by j!
resolution for such eases hereafter. _ ||
Objections were made, and the resolution was j;
not received. - !:
The question was then put on laying the resolu- :
tion on the table, and was decided in the negative ,!
by yeas and nays, as follows: • j'
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Barrinsrer, Barrow, Boy- ji
don, Burt, Cabell, Chase, Uhngman, Williamson R. \V. '•
Cobb, Cocke, Ciozier, Donnell, Duer, Daniel Duncan, ],
G.irnett Duncan, Dunn, Eckert, Edwards, Etnbree, Ale*- •;
anderEvans,Farrelly, Fulton, Giyle.Gentry,Goggin, James
G. Hampton, Moses'Hampton, Haskell, Hill, Milliard, I. E. 1
Hoi me,s. John W. Houston, Imp. Joseph R. Inuervoll. Jen- |
kins, John W. Jones, Thomas B. King, Lincoln, McCler-
nand, Morehead. Mulhn, Pevton, Pre-ton, Putnam, Rey-
nolds, John A. Rockwell, Shepperd, Shernll. Stephen".
Thibodeaux. Tompkins, John B. Thompson, Toombs, and ■■
Van Dvke—54.
ft \\\S—Messrs. John Cluincv Adams, A*hmun, Bajly,
Beale, Bedinger, Btmjham, Birdsall. Black, Blanchard,
Botts Bowdon, Brodbeai, Bradv, William G. Brown,
Chafes Brown, Butler, Canhy, Cathcart, Beverly L. Clark,
Howell Cobb, Co'lamer, Collins, Conner, Cranston, Crow- t
ell, Cummins, /)n-key, Dickinson. Dixon, Nathan 1
Evans, Faran. Feathemon, Fickhn. Fisher. Fries. French, >
Gid linjs, Green, GnrtneH, Hale, Willard P. Hall^ Nathan ■
K. Hail, Hammons, Harmanson, Harris, Henley, Henry, •
George S. Houston. Hubbard, Charles J. Ingersoll, Irvin, t
Jamieson, Andrew Johnson, James H. Johnson, Robert W. 1
Johnson, George W. Jones, Kaufman, Kellogg, Kennon,
Daniel P. King, Lalun, La Sere, Sidney Lawrence, Leffler, j
Ligon, Lord. Lumpkin, McClelland, McDowell, Mcllvame,
McLftue, Mann, Mar^h, Marvin, Meade, Miller, Morris,
Motse, Ourphy, Nes, lVa«lee, Peck, Petrie, Phelps, Pills-
bury, Tlh'tt, Richardson, Richey, Robinson, Rockhill, Julias
Rockwell, Root, Rumsey, Sawyer, Schenck, Simpson, Sims, j
Slingerland, Caleb B. Smith. Robert Smith, Truman Smith, !
Stanton, Starkweather, Andrew Stewart, Charles E. Stuart, ^
Strohm, Strong, Sylvester, Taylor, Thomas, James Thotnp- ;
son, Jacob Thompson, Richard W. Thompson, William i
Thompson, Thurston, Tuck, Turner, Venable, Vinton, i
Warren, Wick, Williams, Wilson, and Woodward—125. I
So the House decided that the resolution should
not be laid on the table. !-
And the question lecturing on its adoption—
Mr. BRODHEA.D demanded the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK moved a reconsideration of the
vote by winch the main question was ordered to
be now put.
Mr. McLANE inquired if the gentleman from
Ohio voted.
Mr. SCHENCK replied that he was within the
bar, but did not vote, no division hating been
taken on the question.
Mr. McLANE raised the question, then, of the
right of the gentleman to move a reconsideration.
The SPEAKER said, the rule of the House
had been, when no formal division was made,
that any gentleman was allowed to move to re-
consider.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama. Does the Chair
decide that the vote by which the previous ques-
tion is seconded can be reconsidered?
The SPEAKER. The question is upon recon-
sidering the vote by which the House has ordered
the mam question to be now put.
The motion to reconsider was put, and decided
in the negative, by yeas and nays: Yeas 90, nays
92, as follows:
YliAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Quincy Adams, Green
Adam«, Asbmun, liarrm^er, Barrow, Belcher, Btariehard,
Botts, Bovdon, Bradv, Butler, Cabell, (Jlingman, Cocke,
Collamer,Conger, Cranston, Crowell, Crozier. Dickey, Dix-
on, Domiell, Duer, Daniel Duncan, Garnett Duncan, Eck-
ert, Edwards, Embree, Alexander Evan*. Nathan Evans,
Farrellv Fisher, Fulton, Gavle, Gentry, Gidding*, Gozgin,
GrinnoU, Hale, NatkanK. Hall, James G. Hauipton, Mo-
ses Hampton, Haskell, Henry, Milliard, John W. Houston,
Hubbard, Hudson, Joseph R. ingersoll, Irvin, John W.
Jones, Kellogg,Tnomas Butler Kins, Daniel P. King, Lin-
coln, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Marvin, Morehead, Mulhn, Xe«,
Pendleton. Presort, Putnam, Rejnold*, Julius Rockwell,
John A. Rockwell. Root, Rum^ey, St. John, Schenck,
Shepperd, Sherrill. Slingerland Caleb B. Smith, Truman
Smitn, Stephens, Andrew Stewart, Strolnn, rivhe.-.ter,
Thibodeaux, Taylor, Tompkin*, Richard W. Thompson,
Toomb«. Van T)\ke. Vinton, Warren, and Wilxm—90.
XAVS—Messrs. Bayly, Beale, Bedinger, Bingham, Bird-
saH. Black. Bowdon. Brodhead, William G. Brown, Charles
Brown, Burt, Oathoart, i;h.N >. Beverly L. Clark, Howell
Cobb. Willi,imson R. W. Cobb. Collins, Cummins, Daniel,
J) ekin<on, Jhinu, Far,m. Feather-ton, Fickhn, Fries,
French, Green, Wilhard P. Hall, Hammons, Ilarinanson,
Harris, Henie\, Hill. T-aae K. Holmes, George S. Houston,
luge, Ch.irle.> J. riiger.-oll, Jami«*>on, Jenkins, Andrew
Johnson, Jam-- H. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George
W. Jon-?-, Kaufman. Kennon, Lahm. La S6ro, Sidney
Lawrence, L-'tfler, Ligon. Lumpkin. McClelland. M« Cljr-
riatid, MeDovvii. MeLane, Mann, Meade, Miller, Morri-,
Morse, Murphv,'Pca-lee, Peek, Petrie, Peyton, i'heip--,
PUlstmry, KiWli, Richardson, Richey, Robinson, Rockhill,
Sawyer, Simpson, Sims, Smait, Robert Smith, Stanton,
Starkweather, Charles E. Stuart, Strong, Thomas, James
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, John B. Thompson, Wil-
liam Thompson, Thurston, Turner, Venable, Wiek, Wil-
liams, and Woodward—9*2.
So the House refused to reconsider the vote on
ordering the main question to be now put.
The question again recurred on the adoption of
the resolution; which was decided in the negative,
by yeas and nays, as follows:
YE-VS—Messrs. Abbott, John Quincv Adams, Ashmun,
Belcher, Blanchard, Botes* Bojdon, Brady, Buekner, Col-
lamer, Conger, Cranston, Crowell, Dicke.v, Dixon, Nathan
Evans Fisher, Giddings, Grinnell, Ha'e. Nathan K. H.dl,
Henry, Hubbard, Hudson, K'dlogg, Daniel P. King. Mcii-
vaine, M.nsh, Marsiu, Julius Rockwell, Root, Rumsey,
Schenck, Caleb B S.nith, Truman Smith, Stroiun, Richard
W. Thompson, Tuck, Vinton, Warren, and WiNou—41.
NAYS—Messrs Green Adams, Bamnger, B.irrow, Bayiy,
Beale, Bedinger, Bingham, Btrdsall, Black, Bowd« n, Bi..d-
he id, William G. Brown, Charles Brown, Burt, Butler, Cab-
ell, Catheart,Chase, Beverly L. Clark, Clingman, Howell
Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cocke, Coihns, Crozier,
Cummins, Daniel, Dickinson, Donnell, Dus-r,Garnett Dun-
can, Dunn, Edwards Kmbree, Alexander Evan-*, Faran,Far-
relly, Feather<to'i, Fickiin, Fries, Fiench, Fulton, G'-ntry,
Gogjin, Green, VViUard P Hall, Haminon.-., James G. Hamp-
ton, Mo>e? Hampton, Haroian^on. Hairis, Haskell, Henley,
Hill, Hilliard, I-aae E. Holmes, George S. Houston, John
W. Houston, Inge, Chtile-- J. lngei^oli,*Jo eph R. Iny^oll,
Irvin. Jaime-on, Jenkins, .Vndrew Johnson, James H. John-
son,Robert W. Johnson, George W. Jone^John W. Jones,
Kaufman, Kennon, Thomas Butler King, Lahm, La S6re,
Lawrence, Ledler, Ligon, Lincoln, Lumpk'n, McClelland,
McCleruand, McDowell, McLaue. Mann, Meade, Miller,
Morris Morse, Mulhn, Murphy, Nes, Peaslee, Peyton,
; Phelps, Pillsbury, Preston. Putnam, Rhett, Reynolds, Ricii-
' a'dson, Richey, Robmson, Rockhill, John A. Rockwell, St.
i John, Sawyer, Shepperd, Sheriill, Simpson, Suns, Smirt,
Robert Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Stephens, Andrew
\ Stewart, Charles E.Stuart, Strong, Sylvester, Thibodeaux,
1 Taylor, Thomas, Tompkins, Jnuiei Thompson, Jacob
i Thompson, John B Thompson, William Thompson, Thurs-
, ton, Toombs, Turner, Van Dyke, Venable, Wick, Williams,
j and Woodward—137.
So the resolution was disagreed to.
1 Mr. BRODHEAD said he deemed it very im-
! portant that the President's Message should be
taken up and referred to the various standing com-
mittees; and he therefore moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
1 state of the Union. Disagreed to.
!, On motion of Mr. GRINNELL,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct-
' i ed to inquire into the expediency ol amending the act pass-
1 ed at the last Mi>-sion entitled " An act to regulate the car-
riage of passenger-* in merchant ves-els," ^o that the area
for each pa-sengf-r shall be the same in all cases, and report
by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. KING, of Massachusetts,
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Pensions be request-
ed to transmit to the Committee of Claims the peution and j
aceompmyingdocuments of'LavinlaGardner, oi'Massachu- t
sett- , widow of David Gardner, one of the crew of the '• Bon j
\ Homme Richard," commanded by John Paul Jones,
ij Mr. GRINNELL gave notice that on to-mor-
i" row, or some subsequent day, he would ask leave
'/ to introduce a bill to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury tolicenseyachts,andforotherpurposes.
; On motion ofMr. THURSTON,
| Resolved, Th it the Committee on Commerce be in-struct-
! > ed to inquire into the expediency of building a breakwater
on Block Uland, in the State of Rhode Island, and that they
, ■ report by bill or otherwise.
'I On motion of Mr. MURPHY,
: Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce inquire into
,1 the expediency of repining art appropriation for the remov-
al ol the rocks in the harbor ot New York, in the Ea-<t River,
i at junction with the liver Hudson, obstructing the navi-
gation to the naval station in that harbor.
' Mr. JENKINS gave notice that on to-morrow,
or some subsequent day, he would ask leave to in-
1 troduce a bill to regulate the compensation of post-
; masters, to exempt certain newspapers from post-
,j age, and to reduce the postage on transient news-
papers.
On motion of Mr. DUER,
: Rewired, Tnat the Committee on Commerce be directed
\ to inquire into th?* expediency of allow mg a drawback of
the duty paid on Canadian wheat, upon its exportation after
, i having been manufactured into liour m this country.
1 Mr. DUER gave notice that on to-morrow, or
a subsequent day, he would ask leave to introduce
a biil to alter the terms of the circuit and district
courts for the northern district of New York, and
for other purposes.
Mr. N. K. HALL moved the following resolu-
tion; which was read, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing :
Resolved, That there be printed. Tor ihe use of this House,
five thoii-jrmi copies of the repm t of Cot. J. J Alien, of tile
Corp- of Topographical Knimieer-, whieh wa- oommum-
(N-Ueri to the Seeete on the i;f'h ultimo hy the Secretary of
War, in answer to the "resolution of tlie Senate of tire l'aii
ij of January last.
Mr. N. K. HALL gave notice that on tomor-
row, or on some subsequent (lay, he would ask
leave to introduce a bill or bills making appropria-
tions for the repairs and improvement of the har-
bor at Buffalo, New York.
Mr. MULLIN moved the following resolution;
which was read, and laid over under the rule :
Res lived, That the Seer, t.iry of the TreaMiry be reiiue-t-
1 to communicate to this Hoti-e the amount of re'.enn
ed to <   
collected in the several collection distiicts on the northern
frontier of the United Stales during the year ending the Ut
day of December, 1847 ; together with the nannw of all per-
sons employed in each district, and the offices tliey respect-
ively hold, and the iunouut paid to each beuvoen the 1st
day of September, J84G, and the 1st day of December, 1647;
and whether the number of persons? employed in th«' *aid
distiK'ts ha-5 been increased or diminished during the period
lust aforesaid, and the reason- for such increase or decrease.
On motion of Mr. NEWELL,
Resolved^ Tkat the Committee on Commerce be instruct-
ed to ltupiire whether any p;an can be deviled whereby the
dangerous navigation along the coa-t of New Jer>e>, be-
tween Sandv Hook and Little Egg Harbor, mav be furni>hed
with additional ssaieguards to life and pioperty; and tJftit
they report to this House by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylva-
nia,
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions he in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of placing the names
of Alexander McCiean, Peter Myers, and Joseph Ta>lor,
soldiers of the late war, on the invalid pension list.
On motion of Mr. MANN,
Resolved, That the petition and papers relating to the claim
of the heirs of Colonel Archibald Laughery, who wa- killed
| by the Indians in 1781, while in the service of the United
States, pitmng for the military bounty lands to whieh their
ancestor was entitled, be taken from the files of the House
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved the following
resolution; which was read, and laid over under the
rule:
Resolved, That the President be requested to inform this
House whether any official notice has been taken bv this
Government or lU Minister  n England, by correspondence
or otherwise, of the thrcateningand offensive term- in which
the Britt-h Secretary for Foreign AiTairs H credibly reported
to have spoken in Ins place in the Commons Hou^e of Par-
liament, lately, of what he treated as the want or public faith
in the United States punishable by Great Britain.
Mr. DICKEY moved the following preamble
and resolution; which were read and laid over un-
der the rule:
Wheiea*, in the prosecution of the war with Mexico, a
state of things-nowexi^ts which threatens the very existence
of her nationality, and may be made to react upon the insti-
tutions of our own beloved country, creating a domestic
conflict about the disposition of the territory that may be ac-
quired either by conquest or purchase that may rend asun-
der this glorious Union:
And vvhereas war is at all times a great evil, always to he
avoided when it can be done with honor, and always to he
terminated whenever it can be done with justice to the bel-
ligerents:
Arid whereas, in the prosecution of the war with Mexico,
the United Suites has sacrificed the h\e? of thousands ot her
citizens, either by di-ease or on the field of battle, has ex-
pended ail her revenues, and contracted a debt of many mil-
lions of dollars :
And whereas if further prosecuted with a view of obtain-
ing "indemnity for the pan and >e,curify for the future." it
will cost us millions upon million^ of money, thousands
upon thousands of valuable lives, and requiting increased
taxation to su>tain the credit ot the Government, and all
that we shall get m return for thi-< sacrifice of life, and ex-
penditure of money, and taxation of the people, will be the
jurisdiction, either civd or military, of the u-rritoness con-
quered, and the re\euues and public property belonging to
the Government of Mexico:
And whereas-, .i> b> the law of nation^ we cannot appro-
priate the propeity of private citizen* of Mexico by way of
indemnity, and may realize nothing from terutor.v which we
may acquire from Mexico, the sooner the war i> brought to
an honorable termination the bettf r it w'lll be for the people
ot the United States, who have to bear all Us burdens :
And vvhereas the people of the United States, from the
nature of their pmsuiH, tuu>t de-ire a state of peace lather
than military strife and vioh-nec ; the agriculturist, the man-
ufacturer, the mechanic, the laboier, the merchant, the man
of science, of literature, of law, of medicine, and the teacher
of the divine piecepkof oui holy religion, all of whose oc-
cupations are peaceful, inu-t de.-ire that the war with Mex-
ico be teinnnated at the earlier period that itcan b'e accom-
plished with honor and with justice: Therefore,
Resolved b}/the Senate arul H >use of Rejn csentutives of the
United Srufes of *dmerie<r in u^nnhlcd, That a
committee of five members of the Senate and fhe m"inhets
of Lhe-liou^e of '.'eprc^entative- be appointed, w hn^e duty It
shall be to invite a confetoncc with the President of th®
United States, to adw>e and consult upon me best mode of
leiimnatuig the existing war with M<\xieo hi a manner hon-
orable and ju-t to both beliigeient>; and that the committee
report to each Hou-e. respective!;, the re.-ult of the eonfur-
ence, cither m open or secret se^ion, as may be by them
deemed advisable.
On motion of Mr. BRODHEAD,
Resolved, That the petition of Uenjamin W lute, of Penn-
sylvania. be taken ftoin the files of this House, and reteried^
to the Committee on Ihe Public Lands.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL moved the following
resolution; which was read,and laid over under
the rule:
