m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 4,
enough in that way to meet your expenditures. It
will all have to come out of the pockets of the
people of the United states, and, after fill the tallt
of indemnity—of pushing on this war vigorously
to success—at the end of the next campaign, in-
stead of indemnity, you will have a heavy pecu-
niary burden imposed upon the present and suc-
ceeding generation.
Well, Mr. President, we have now corrte to the
solemn question proposed by these resolutions. |
have shown where this line of policy will, in all
probability, lead you—I may say, will inevitably
lead you, unless some unexpected contingency
should prevent. It will lead to the blotting out of
the nationality of Mexico, and the throwing of
eight or nine millions of people without a govern-
ment, on your hands, it will compel you, in all
probability, to assume the government, fori thsnk
there will be very little prospect of your retiring.
You must either hold the country as a province,
or incorporate it into your Union. Shall we do
either? That's the question. Far from us he
such an act, and for the reasons contained in the
resolutions.
The first of these reasons is this : it would he
inconsistent with the avowed object for which the
war has been prosecuted. That needs no argu-
ment, after what has been said. Since the com-
mencement of the war till this moment, every
man has disavowed the intention of conquest—of
extinguishing the existence of Mexico as a peo-
ple. It has been constantly proclaimed that tSie
only object was indemnity. And yet, sir,as events
are moving on, what we disavow may be accom-
plished, and what we have avowed may he de-
feated. Sir, this result will be a dark and lasting
imputation on either the sincerity or the intelli-
gence of this country: on its sincerity, because so
opposite to your own avowals; on your intelli-
gence, for the want of a clear foresight m so plain
a case as not to discern the consequences.
Sir, we have heard how much glory our country
has acquired in this war. I acknowledge it to the
full amount, Mr. President, so far as military glory
is concerned. The army has done nobly, chival-
rously; they have conferred honor on the country,
for which i sincerely thank them.
Mr. President, I believe all our thanks will be
confined to our army. So far as I know, in the
civilized world there is no approbation of the con-
duct of the civil portion of our power. On the
contrary, everywhere the declaiation is made that
we are an ambitious, unjust, hard people, more
given to war than any people of modern times.
Whether this be true or not, it is not for me to
inquire. I am speaking now merely of the repu-
tation which we bear abroad—everywhere, I be-
Kevfe; for as much as we have gained in military
reputation abroad, I regret to perceive, we have lost
in our political and civil reputation. Now, sir,
much as I regard military glory; much as I rejoice
to behold our people in possession of the indomi-
table energy and courage wh.cn surmount all diffi-
culties, and which class them amongst the first
military people of the age, i would be very sorry
indeed that our Government should lose any repu-
tation for wisdom, moderation, discretion, justice,
and those other high qualities which have distin- '
guished us in the early stages of our history.
The next reason which my resolutions assign,
is, that it is without example or precedent, either
to hold Mexico as a province, or to incorpoiate J
her into our Union. No example of such a line |
of policy can be found. We have conquered !
many of the neighboring tribes of Indians, but we
never thought of holding them in subjection—
never of incorporating them into our Union. They ;
have either been left as an independent people
amongst us, or been driven into the forests. ''
I know further, sir, that we have never dreamt !
of incorporating into our Union any but the Cau-
onsinn race—the free white race. To incorpoiate
Mexico, would be the very first instance of the
kind of incorporating an Indian race; for more than !
half of the Mexicans are, Indians, and the other !
is composed chiefly of mixed tribes. I protest
against such a union os that! Ours, sir, is the ,
Government ot a white race. The greatest mis-
fortunes of Spanish America are to be traced to '
the fatal error of placing these colored races on an -
equality with the white race. That error destroyed
the social arrangement which formed the basis of
society. The Portuguese and ourselves have :
escaped—the Portuguese at least to some extent— [,
j( and we ar$ the only people on this continent which
: have made revolutions without being followed by
anarchy. And yetitisprofessed and talked about
to erect these Mexicans into a Territorial Govern-
:, ment, and place them on an equality with the peo-
ii pie of the United States. I protest utterly against
,i such a project.
j Sir, it is a remarkable fact, that in the whole
t history of mun, as far as my knowledge extends,
j there is no instance whatever of any civilized color-
! ed races being found equal to the establishment
of free popular government, although by far the
, largest portion of the human family is composed
j of these races. And even in the savage state we
' scarcely find them anywhere with such go^ern-
1 merit, except it be our noble savages—for nolle 1
I will call them. They, for the most part, had free
j institutions, but they are easily sustained amongst
1 a savage people. Are we to overlook this fact?
' Are we to associate with ourselves as equals, com •
i1 panions, and fellow-citizens, the Indians and mixed
i race of Mexico? Sir, I should consider such a
' \ thing as fatal to our institutions.
•, The next two reasons which I assigned, were,
, that ii would be in conflict with the genius and
, character of our institutions, and subversive of our
■; free government. I take tiiese two together, as
they are so intimately connected; and now of the
first—to hold Mexico in subjection.
Mr. Piesidcnt, there are some propositions too
;j cleai for argument; and before such a body as the
J; Senate, 1 should consider it a loss of time to un-
jj dertake to prove that to hold Mexico as a subjected
\\ province would be hostile, and in conflict with our
; free popular institutions, and in the end subversive
! of them. Sir, he who knows the American Con-
; stitution well—he who has duly studied its char-
j aeter—he who has looked at history^ and knows
what has been the effect of conquests of free States
! invariably, will require no proof at my hands to
i show that it would be entirely hostile to the insti-
i tutions of the country to hold Mexico as a piov-
i! ince. Theie is not an example on recoid of any
; free State even having attempted the conquest of
, any territory approaching the extent of Mexico
: without disastrous consequences. The nation
1 conquered have in t;me conquered the conquerors
,, by destroying their liberty. That will be our
■ case, sir. The conquest of Mexico would add
, so vast an amount to the patronage of this Gov-
ernment, that it would absorb the whole power
; of the States in the Union. This Union would
become imperial, and the States mere subor-
I dinate corporations. But the e\il will not end
, there. The process will go on. The same pro-
cess by which the power would be tiansfened
ii from the States to the Union, will transfer the
II whole from this department of the Government
; i (I speak of the Legislature) to the Executive. All
j! the added power and added patronage which con-
1 quest will create, will pass to the Executive. In
the end, you put in the hands of theExecutive the
i! power of conquering you. You give to it, sir,
, such splendor, such ample means, that, with the
" principle of proscription which unfortunately pre-
■ j vails m our country, the struggle will be greater
J at every Presidential election than our nistitu-
i; tions can possibly endure. The end of it will be,
| that that branch of the Government will become
, all-powerful, and the result is inevitable—anarchy
arid despotism. It is as certain as that I am this
' day addiessing the Senate.
i Sir, let it not be said that Great Britain furnishes
, an example to the contrary—that she holds prov-
;! inces of vast^extent of population without niate-
• I rially impairing the liberty of the citizens, or
exposing1 her to anarchy, confusion, or corruption.
It is so. But what is the explanation? Of all
: Governments that ever existed, affording any pro-
I tection whatever to liberty, the English Govern-
ment far transcends them all m that "respect. She
can bear more patronage in proportion to her pop-
j uldtion and wealth, than any Government of that
f form that ever existed; nay, to go farther, than
' can despotism in its most absolute form. 1 will
I not go into the philosophy of this. That would
! talo> me farther from the track than I desire. But
• I will say in a very few words, it results from the
; fact that her Executive and the House of Peers,
, the conservative branch of her Government, are
both hereditary. The Roman Government may
have exceeded, and did exceed the British Gov-
ernment in its pov/cr for conquest; but no people
' ever did exist, and probably never will exist, with
such a capacity for conquest as that people. But
the capacity of Rome to hold subjected provinces,
was as nothing compared to that of Great Britain,
and hence, as soon as the Roman power passed
from Italy beyond the Adriatic on one side, and
the Alps on the other, and the Mediterranean, their
liberty fell prostrate—the Roman people became a
rabble-—corruption penetrated everywhere, and
violence and anaichy ruled the day. Now, we
see England with dependant provinces of vastly
greater ten itorial extent, and probably not less in
population—1 have not examined—we see her go-
ing on without impairing peisonal libeity or ex-
posing the Go\ernment to violence or anarchy-
Yet the English have not wholly escaped. Al-
though they have retained their liberty, and have
not fallen into anarchy and despotism, yet we be-
hold the population of England crushed to the
eaith by the superincumbent weight of debt. Re-
flecting on that Government, I have often thought
that there was only one way in which it could
come to an end—that the weight of the superstruc-
ture would crush the foundation—that the wealth
accumulated in part by these very conquests by
the higher classes, would crush the laboring masses
below. But has she obtained indemnity fiom all
her subjected provinces? On the contrary? instead
of draw 1112: the means of supporting herself from
them, has she not been compelled to resort to the
labor of her own population to hold them in sub-
jection? And has she riot thrown a burden upon
them, which, with all their industry and skill—
with all their vast accumulation of capital and
power of machinery, they are insapable of bear-
ing without being reduced to po\erty? Take even
her earliest and neaiept conquest—the neighboring
island of Ii eland—is it not to this day a source of
heavy expense, and a burden to her, instead of a
source of revenue?
But while the English Government has such vast;
power of holding subjected provinces in &ubjectiorc
without impairing her liberty, without the evils
incident to it, our Government, of all free Govern-
ments that ever existed, has the least capacity to
bear pationage proportionate to its wealth and
power. Tn this respect, the genius of the two
Governments is precisely the opposite, however
much alike in then* exterior forms, and their laws
and customs. The cause of this difference I can-
not undertake to explain on the present occasion,
but must content myself by saying that it results
from its Federal character, and the nature of its
conservative principles. Shall we, then, with these-
certain and inevitable consequences in a Govern-
ment better calculated to resist them than any other,
adopt such a ruinous policy, and reject the lessons
of experience? So much, then, Mr. President,
for holding Mexico as a province.
I come now to the proposition of incorporating:
her into our Union. Well, ns far as law is con-
cerned, that is easy. You can establish a Terri-
torial Government for every State in Mexico, and
there are some twenty of them. You can appoint
governors, judges,and magistrates. You can give
the people a subordinate government, allowing
them to legislate for themselves, whilst you defiay
the cost. So far as law goes, the thing is done.
There is no analogy between this and our Ter-
ritorial Governments. Our Territories are only
an offset of onr own people, or foreigners from
the same regions from which we came. They are
small in number. They ore incapable of foiiivna;
a government. It would be inconvenient for them
to sustain a government, if it were formed; and
they are very much obliged to the United States
for undertaking the trouble, knowing that, on the
attainment of their majority—when they come to
manhood—at twenty-one—they will be introduced
to an equality with ail the otlier members of the
Union. It is entirely different with Mexico. You
have no need of armies to keep your Teiritories
in suhjeetion. But when you incorporate Mcxico,
you must have powerful armies to krep them in
subjection. You may call it annexation, but it is
a forced annexation, which is a contradiction in
terms, according to my conception. You will he
involved, m one word, in all theevils which I attrib-
ute to holding Mexico as a province. In fact, it
will be but a Provincial Government, under the
name of a Terriinual Government. IIow long wjli
that last: How long will it be before Mexico will
he capable of incorporation into our Union ? Why,
if we judge from the examples before us, it will be
a very long time. Ireland has been held in sub-
