1B48.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
jection by England for seven or eight hundred
years, and yet still remains hostile, although her
people are of kindred race with the conquerors.
A few French Canadians on this continent yet
maintain the attitude of-a hostile people; and never
will'the time come, in my opjnion, Mr. President,
that these "Mexicans will be heartily reconciled to
your authority. They have Castilian blood in
their veins—the old Gothic, quite equal to the An-
glo-Saxon in many respects—in some respects su-
perior. Of all nations of the earth they are the
most pertinacious—have the highest sense of na-
tionality—hofd out longest, and often even with
the least prospect of effecting their object. On this
subject also 1 have conversed with officers of the
army, and they all entertain the same opinion, that
%these people are now hostile, and will continue so.
But, Mr. President, suppose all these difficulties
removed; suppose these people attached to our
Union, and desirous of incorporating with us,
ought we to bring them in ? Are they fit to be
connected with us? Are they fit for self-govern-
ment and for governing you? Are you, any of
you, willing that your States should be governed
by these twenty-odd Mexican States, with a popu-
lation of about only one million of your blood, and
two or three millions of mixed blood, better in-
formed, all the rest pure Indians, a mixed blood
equally ignorant and unfit for liberty, impure races,
not as good as the Cherokees or Choctaws?
We make a great mistake, sir, when we suppose
that all people are capable of self-government. We
are anxious to force free government on all; and'I
see that it has been urged in a very respectable
quarter, that it is the mission of this country to
spread civil and religious-liberty over all the world,
and especially over this continent. It is a great
mistake. None but people advanced to a very
high state of moral and intellectual improvement
are capable, in a civilized state, of maintaining free
government; and amongst those who are so puri-
fied, very few, indeed, have had the good fortune
of forming a constitution capable of endurance. It
is a remarkable fact in the history of man, that
scarcely ever have fKee popular institutions been
formed by wisdom alone that have endured.
It has been the work of fortunate circumstances,
or a combination of circumstances—a succession
of fortunate incidents of some kind—which give to
any people a free government. It is a very diffi-
cult task to make a constitution to last, though it
may be supposed by some that they can be made
to order, and furnished at the shortest notice. Sir,
this admirable Constitution of our own was the
result of a fortunate combination of circumstances.
It was superior to the wisdom of the men who
made it. It was the force of circumstances which
induced them to adopt most of lis wise provisions.
Well, sir, of the few nations who have the good
fortune to adopt self-government, few have had
the good fortune long1 to preserve that govern-
ment; for it is harder to preserve than to form it.
Few people, after years of prosperity, remember
the tenure by which their liberty is held; and I
fear, Senators, that is our own condition. I fear
that we shall continue to involve ourselves until
our own system becomes a ruin. Sir, there is no
solicitude now for liberty. Who talks of liberty
when any great question comes up? Here is a
question of the first magnitude as to the conduct
of this war; do you hear anybody talk about its
effect upon our liberties and our free institutions?
No, sir. That was not the case formerly. In the
early stages of our Government, the great anxiety
was how to preserve liberty; the great anxiety
now is for the attainment of mere military glory.
In the one, we are forgetting the other. The
maxim of former times was, that power is always
stealing from the many to the few; the price of
liberty was perpetual vigilance. They were con-
stantly looking out and watching for danger.
Then, when any great question came up, the first
inquiry was, how it could affect our free institu-
tions—how it could affect our liberty. Not so
now. Is it because there has been any decay of
the spirit of liberty among the people? Not at all.
I believe the love of liberty was never more anient,
but they have forgotten the tetfure of liberty by
which alone it is preserved.
We think we may now indulge in everything
with impunity, as if we held our charter of liberty
by " right divine"—from Heaven itself. Under
these impressions, we plunge into war, we con-
tract heavy debts, we increase % the patronage of
the Executive, and we even talk of a crusade to
force our institutions, our liberty, upon all people.
There is no species of extravagance which our
people imagine will endanger their liberty in any
degree. But it is a great and fatal mistake. The
day of retribution will come. It will corneas cer-
tainly as I am now addressing the Senate; and
when it does come, awful will be the reckoning—
heavy the responsibility somewhere!
Mr. President, with these impressions I cannot
approve of the policy recommended by the Execu-
tive, nor can I, with my present views, support it.
The question is now, what shall be done ? It is a
great and difficult question, and it is daily becoming
more and more difficult. What is to be done? Sir,
that question ought not to be for me to answer—I,
who have used every effort in my power to prevent
this war, and after its commencement have done
everything in my power to diminish the evil to the
smallest possible amount. But I will not shrink
from any responsibility, whether it properly be-
longs to me or not. After saying that I cannot
support the course recommended by the Executive,
I will proceed to state that which i would propose
as the best to be pursued. Well, then, I will say
that there is not the smallest chance of our disen-
tangling ourselves from this Mexican concern,
which threatens us so much—there has not been,
in my opinion, the smallest chance, from the com-
mencement of the war until this time—but by
taking a defensive line; doing that now which the
President recommends should be done finally after
the conquest, and taking indemnity into our own
hands. To do this depends on our own volition,
and not on the fieetingconsent of Mexico. Sir, if
time had been allowed to the Senate when the mes-
sage of the President recommending war was before
them; if time had been allowed to the Senate, I
would have announced the course of policy which
I thought right; but time was not permitted. My
opinion was, that we should have simply voted
Taylor the means of defending himself. That
ought to have been done. There then should have
been a solemn report from the proper committee,
going into all the circumstances, showing that the
Republic of Mexico had not yet recognized these
hostilities-, recommending a provisional army to
be directed to a proper point, giving time to the
Mexican Congress and Mexican people to have
considered whether they would avow or disavow
the attacks upon us; and if no satisfaction were
obtained, not to make war in this set form, but
seize upon the portions of the country contiguous
and most convenient to us, and then have assumed
the defensive line. These are my views: but,
unfortunately, we were all acting here under an
urgency, without time to reflect. We were pushed
on, and told, If you do notact to-day, nothmgean !
be done.
Well now, sir, as to where the defensive line
should be at the present time, I do not presume to
oner an opinion. I suggested a line at the last
session. 1 am not prepared to say what would be
the pioper one at the present time: but I do say
that we must vacate the central parts of Mexico.
We must fall back, if you choose to use that word,
or take a line that shall cover ample territory for
indemnity.
For my part, I am not for charging Mexico with
the whole expense of the war; but I would take
ample territory, and hold it subject to negotiation.
Now, sir, I know it will be said that this will be
as expensive as the war. I think I have said
enough to show that that cannot be; that it will
fall far short of it; but I will not repeat the argu-
ment. But admitting it should: admitting that,
by no means concludes the argument; for the sac-
rifice of men would be infinitely less, and, what is
more important, you will thereby be able to disen-
tangle yourselves. That is the only way by which
it can be done. You are tied at present, as it were,
to a corpse. My object is to get rid of it as soon
as possible.
I look not to Mexico; 1 look to our own coun-
try and her institutions. I look to the liberty of
this country, and nothing else. Mr. President, if
we but preserve our liberty by a proper course of
moderation, acting justly towards our neighbor,
and wisely in regard to ourselves—if we remain
quiet, resting in idle and masterly inactivity, and
let our destinies wock out their own results, we
shall do more for liberty, not only for ourselves,
but for the example of mankind, than can be done
by a thousand victories,
Sir, I find I am becoming old; I almost feel that
I live among strangers. If I have expressed any-
thing that is uncongenial to the feelings of this
body, put it down as proceeding from the old asso-
ciations of thirty or thirty-five years ago, which
are still clinging around me. Sir, this is not the
first time that I have taken my Stand against war.
When General Jackson recommenced letters of
marque and reprisal against Prance, I arose alone
in the Senate and remonstrated against such injus-
tice. And in point of fact, the treaty which was
subsequently concluded with France, was ratified
with the express understanding, which was known
to our Government when the treaty was formed,
that it would require a vote of the Chambers, on
the part of France, to sustain it, as it would require
a vote to sustain it on the part of this country;
and that they were no further responsible than to
use their best efforts to obtain that \ote. And yet,
though it was acknowledged that the Executive of
France had done till in his power to obtain the
vote, we were nearly pushed into a war. Nothing
but the interposition of Great Britain prevented it.
As for myself, standing on this side of the Cham-
ber, I raised my voice singly against it.
Mr. President, in my opinion, all parties are
interested m giving this matter the only direction
that can be given to it with any prospect of a fa-
vorable result. Let me say to the friends of the
Administration, if you go on, and some accident
does not meet you—if you go on in the prosecu-
tion of this war from year to year,—you will find
that it will overthrow you. Do you not see that,
as far as the internal affairs of the Government are
concerned, you are reversing the policy of which
you have heretofore professed to be the advocates ?
What party has been opposed to the re-creation of
a great national debt? The Democratic or Repub-
lican party. Well, sir, this war is involving you
in a greater debt than the opposite party could
have done, perhaps, in any circumstances short of
war. This very campaign, which you look upon
fo lightly, will be almost as great a charge upon
the country as the debt of the Revolution. What
party has always been against the extension of the
patronage of the Executive? Well, sir, you are
doing more towards the extension of that patron-
age, and, above all, towards the continuance of
that extension, than has ever been ddne under our
Government. Well, sir, what party professes to
be most in favor of a metallic currency? And do
you not see that, as your treasury notes and 2
stocks accumulate, you are in danger of being
plunged again in the paper system to the utmost
extent? What party has always been in favor of
free tiade? Do you not see that, by accumulating
charges and burdens upon the people by the debts
which have now been contracted, you never will,
during your time, have an opportunity of making
any considerable reduction in the tariff?
Sir, I know what is at the bottom of the course
of policy which is recommended to be pursued.
It is that pride of opinion to which we are all sub-
ject. No doubt it was thought that that course of
policy would lend to the consequences which were
contended for; but it has not. But, sir, the alter-
native is pressing. You will have but the choice
between that and worse, in my opinion. It is
magnanimous and honorable to retract, when a
course of policy which has been pursued turns
out to be wrong. It would do great credit to the
party in power to act now precisely as they would
nave acted if they had had all the lights of expe-
rience at the commencement of this war which
they now have. It would be doing a high act of^
patiiotism to sacrifice their feelings of individual'
piide to the good of the country.
Now let me say, that in asserting that a defensive
line was the only alternative to the plan recom-
mended by the President, I have put out of the
question the course which most of you advocate—
taking no indemnity of territory; because I believe
that the voice of the country has decided irrevoca-
bly against it; and that to keep it as the alternative
would but render more certain the adoption of the
policy recommended by the Executive, and, m con-
sequence, the conquest of the whole country. .Let
me say further, to my friends on the other side ot
the Chamber—for I "regard them as such-—(it is our
good fortune to differ in politics here, without per-
mitting our personal feelings to be affected) that
they have contributed by their course to give the
public opinion that strong and fixed determination
not to terminate the war without some suitable m-
