100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 4,
demnitv. I do not allude to your voting on the would, therefore, accept the proposition to modify
bill recoo-nizing the existence of war between the , his resolution so as to make it the special order for
Republic of Mexico and the United States. No to-morrow, at oneo'clock,ifthemotion toreconsiu-
one knows better than myself, that you voted for j er should be agreed to.
the bill with the view of furnishing immediate re- j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, thought the object
lief to General Taylor and his army—and n<jt in : of the gentleman from Virginia could be better de-
reference to the war; that you even protested and .i tained by moving to postpone the special order to
remonstrated against that interpretation being put :i to-morrow.
upon your vote. But after the bill passed, and the
war was authorized, most of you have continued
to vote appropriations to prosecute the war with
the object expressed of acquiring territory as an
indemnity. Now, I must say, 1 cannot see how
the two can be reconciled—how your vote to ac-
quire territory can be justified, and at the same time
your opposition to the acquisition of territory as ,
means of indemnity, when it is acknowledged on ■
all sides, that that is the only means by which it :
can be acquired. The people wilt find it hard to i
believe that it was necessary to vote so much i
money for the purpose of getting territory for in- ,
demnity, which you intend to throw away when
you get it. But, whatever may be the causes '!
■which have led to this state of public opinion, it j
has, beyond all doubt, decided against any eoncln- [
sion of this war that does not involve territorial |
indemnity to some extent. Hence, 1 repeat, the I
alternative whether this war shall go on and con- j
summate itself, is between taking a defensive line '■
and adopting the course pointed out by the Execu- ;!
live, and that the decision must be made now; for H
if it be passed over until another session, the end jj
will be, I doubt not, the subjugation of the whole j-j
country, thereby involving us in all the difficulties j|
and dangers which must result from it. ;!
Now, 1 have delivered my opinion with that ji
candor and frankness which, I .hope, become my i!
position on this floor. I shall now propose nothing; j j
but if I find that I can be supported in these my ' j
views, I will undertake to raise a committee to de- !
liberate, after consulting with those officers who >
are now fortunately in this city, upon the best de- j
fensive line that can be taken. If it should be for- ,
The SPEAKER replied that the order of the
day was in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and could not therefore be reached
by a motion in the House.
The motion to reconsider was then put and
agreed to; and llr. BOTTS modified his resolution
as he had indicated, to make the subject therein
specified the special order for to-morrow, at one
o'clock.
The SPEAKER announced the question to be
on the adoption of the resolution of the gentleman
from Virginia.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, inquired if that
did not require a two-thirds vote.
The SPEAKER replied, that it was adopted by
a two-thirds vote yesterday, and the same vote
was therefore now necessary.
Mr. HOUSTON inquired if the motion was now
properly before the House to suspend the rules for
the reception of this resolution under the existing
rules, which prohibited a motion to suspend on
any day but Monday. He made that point of
order.
The SPEAKER replied, that if this were an
original motion, thegentlemdn from Alabama would
be correct; but this was a motion to reconsider a
vote by which a resolution was yesterday adopted
under a suspension of the rules. The motion to
reconsider was therefore now in order.
Mr. BOTTS reminded the Chair that no motion
had been made to reconsider the vote by winch
the rules were yesterday suspended.
The SPEAKER assented, and said that the
resolution was introduced yesterday under a sus-
pension of the rules; and the vote by which it was
tunately adopted, we mav not get peacc immedi- adopted having been reconsidered, the resolution
ately. The war may continue for some years, but
we will accomplish that all-important considera- ;!
tion, the extrication of ourselves and the country
from this entanglement with Mexico. 1
Mr. SEVIER moved to lay the resolutions '
upon the table.
Upon this motion the yeas and mys were de- '
manded. :
Mr. CALHOUN said he hoped the motion ,
would be allowed to prevail. It was perfectly :
right, in the present circumstances, that the mo- 1
tion should prevail. He svould take it as a per- .;
sonal favor that no opposition should be offered
to it. I;
Mr. SEVIER observed that it was, of course, j1
to be expected that this speech would be replied
to; but he was desirous that this debate should be
suspended for a time, in order to proceed with the I
consideration of the army bill. j
The motion to lay on "the table was then agreed
to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION'.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration I
of Executive business; and, after some time spent \
therein, the doors were opened, and :
The Senate adjourned. j
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
TrF.snw, January 4, 1S18.
The Journal of yesterday having been read and
approved—
Mr. GOGCtIN rose and reminded the House
that yesterday the resolutions in relation to the
great southern mail were made the special order
for this day, at one o'clock; but, for theaccommo-
now came before the House for its action.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, inquired if he
was to understand that it was the same resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER replied, that as the adoption of
the resolution had been teconsidered, the resolu-
tion itself a^-aiti came up for the action of the
House, and it was competent for the gentleman
from Virginia to modify it, which he had done.
It was therefore substantially the same resolution,
and the question was on its adoption, which would
require a two-thirds vote.
Mr. GOGGIN said the motion had been made
this morning in a spirit of accommodation to gen-
tlemen on ail sides of the House.
The resolution was agreed to.
REFERENCE OP PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
The House then resolved itself into Committee
of the "Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Jo-
seph R. Ixgersoli. in the chair,} and proceeded to
the consideration of the resolutions offered by Mr.
Vjn tox, referring the annual message of the Presi-
dent of the United States to appropriate standing
committees.
Mr. BRODHEAD said that he had had the
honor some days since to offer a resolution for the
appropriate reference of the several topics in the
President's message, which he desired to have re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union as a substitute for those which had
been offered some days since by the honorable
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton-.] He now
asked that those offered by the gentleman from
Ohio be now read; when this was done he should
move his own as a substitute. He then submitted
the following :
dation of many gentlemen who desired to be else
where this morning, he moved a reconsideration of
_  .~._i *i . • .,• i tn« i-imcu iu me iwu liousftssui coimress, .
the vote of ye.st.1 day, with tne intention, it it were j sent's^um. as relate? to the existing wur with A
agreed to, to foiiow it up by amendment to make it ' the condition of our citizens in China, and the pr
the order of the day for to-rnorrow, at one o'clock.
Resolved. That so much of the mes?a?e of thc Prc>i(J"nt of
the L*mtea Stated to the two Houses of Cormres-s, at the pre-
' ' "i Mexico, to
} propriety of
i making pivment to the rfpani-h Government in tne "Am-
Mr. BOTTS supported the motion to reconsider ii lstad "sc'/' ,<*lher.w"h thc  «.ora,>Myi„g co,respond-
it i 7 • i encG m re{atl0n thereto, be referred to the Committee on
He said many gentlemen desired to attend the de- |i Forugn Affairs.
bates at the Senate end of the Capito), and lie was J' Resolved, That so much of thc said message as relates to
disposed to indulge them, by not pressing the mo- 'l the conditiou and operations of the army, the propiiety of
firm tn o-n info Pnm.vmtoo r\f thl wa i° * i '! increasing the same, and levying contributions upon the
aon to go into Committee of the Whole to-day; ,1 enemy, together with the report of the Secretary of VVar.be
tnore particularly as he desired to make an effort to ■ i referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
teittovc some erroneous impressions which appear- •{ resolved, That *q much of said message as relates to the
to exist in the minds of several o-entlemen nn ! establishment of Territorial Governments in Oregon, New
the wifcfct embraced in this resolution. He 'I «^Terdtor,ef?lif'>rma"' l,,! " *"e eoma,,,te<i
Resolved, That so much of the said message a-relates to
the condition of the treasury, to the means of obtaining mo-
ney t) prosecute the war with Mexico, the opeiations of the
tanfTof ltM3, the propriety of imposing a dulj upon tea and
coffee, the v\arehou-jim,' .\\stem,thr constitutional treasury,
and the piopriciy ofe-tahht-hinun branch mint at Vnv York,
be refeired to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Rcsohel, That >o much of the said message as relates to
the graduation and reduction of thc price ol thepnbhc land*,
the amendment and modification ol the laws granting pic-
emption ri^'H to settlers to the establishment of a Suney-
orG-neial'sOtlicc in Oregon, and ?he grant of land- theiem
to actual frettleM, be leferred to the Committee on Public
Land*.
R^olvcl, That ^o much of the said message a-: relates to
our relations with the various Indian tnhes, and the appoint-
ment ot' Indian agents WB* t of the Ruekv Mountains, b° re-
feired to thc Committee on Indian Affairs.
Resolved, Th.it so much of the said message as relates to
the condition and operat'ons of the naw, to the increase of
s.ea steamers, together with the report of the Secretary of the
Navy, be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Resolved, That*') much ot the >aid me -ag.;as relates tr>
the progress and condition of ihe mail -service, thp operations
of the Post Office Department, and the po-tai arrangements
with foreign Governments together with tne report of the
Postmastei General, be refeired to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BRODHEAD desired to state a few rea-
sons why he had offered the substitute which had
jast been read.
Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, rose to a point of
order. He inquired of thc Chair whether they
were not to take up the resolutions originally offer-
ed by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vin'ton] seri-
atim—whether the first question in order was not
whether the first resolution should pass or not?
The CHAIRMAN replied that it was perfectly
in order for any gentleman to move an amendment
to the first resolution.
Mr. SMITH said the gentleman offered an en-
tire set of resolutions as a substitute for the entire
set of resolutions of the gentleman from Ohio. He
inquired whether the first question was not on
agreeing to the first resolution of the gentleman
from Ohic ?
The CHAIRMAN replied in the affirmative,
but that the gentleman from Pennsylvania had the
right to offer his amendment like any other amend-
ments.
Mr. BRODHEAD resumed the floor, and pro-
ceeded to address the committee. He had two
principal objections to the resolutions submitted
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.-Vinton.] The
one was to the refereneeof that portion of the Pres-
ident's message which relates to the finances of the
country, and the other to the disposition which
that resolution proposed to make of that portion
of the President's message which has reference to
our relations with Mexico. He objected to the
gentleman's resolutions because he proposed a ref-
erence of that portion of the message which related
to the sub-treasury and the tariff of 1846 to the
Committee on Commerce. Such a reference was
contrary to the precedents in this House. Here-
tofore this subject had always been refeired, so far
as his knowledge of the practice of thc House ex-
tended, to the Committee of Ways and Means.
He knew very well that the tanit act of 1846 was
reported by the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ateo that the siib-h easury law came from that
committee. He thought it was now right that all
questions relating to the finances of the country
should, in like manner, be referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance, which was styled ill this House
the Committee of Ways and Means. All ques-
tions relating to the revenues of the country prop-
erly belonged to the consideration of that commit-
tee. It was certainly a more proper committee
than the Committee on Comtneice for such a ref-
erence. The principal purpose of tariff laws was
to raise revenue for the purpose of carrying on the
operations of the Government. He did not
know what purpose the gentleman from Ohio had
m thus proposing a departure from the practice
which had heretofore prevailed here. It might
have been from motives of delicacy, because the
gentleman was chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and did not desne himself to
propose to give that committee the charge of this
subject.
He objected, furthermore, to the manner in
which the gentleman fiom Ohio proposed to dis-
pose of that portion of the message having refer-
ence to our relations with Mexico. He thought
this part should he referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs and to the Committee on Military
Affairs. Wherever a subject could be referred to
a standing committee, it was preferable to referring
it to a select committee. The gentleman proposed
