1848.
THE-CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
108
Mr. HOWELL COBB informed the gentleman
that the memorial had already been printed, (by
order of the Senate,) and Jaid upon their tables.
The motion to print was then negatived, and the
reference ordered.
Mr. SMITH also presented the petition of the
widow of Abm. C. Fowler, praying a pension:
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
By Mr. CHASE: QfL. P. Cheatham, for com-
pensation for losses incurred in the removal of the
Cherokee Indians': referred to the Committee of
Claims-.
By Mr. MOREHEAD: Of Alfred F. Jones,
for an amendment of the patent jaw: referred to
the Committee on Patents.
By Mr. KENNON: Of citizens of the State of
Ohio, to place Henry Johnston of said State on the
pension roll: referred to the Committee <^n Revolu-
tionary Pensions.
By Mr. TALLMADG^: Of Mr. R. L. Schieff-
clin, for the settlement of claims relative to prop-
erty lost in the war of 1812.
By Mr. VAN DYKE: Of Robert Davidson, for
confirmation of certain land tales.
By Mr. N. EVANS: Of T. Campbell, for a pen-
sion: refeired to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions.
By Mr. MILLER: Of 192 citizens of Richland
county, Ohio, for a daily mail-route from Pitts-
burg, Pennsylvania, to Mansfield, Ohio: "referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. SOHENCK: Of L. G. Curdss, editor
of the Cincinnati Commercial, in relation to the
printing of the Cincinnati post office letter list:
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. CHARLES BROWN presented the pro-
ceedings of "a gieat Democratic meeting, held in
Philadelphia, December 18, to'sustain the Admin-
istration and the war."
Mr. BROWN said, as the proceedings had been
extensively published and read, he would not ask
to have them printed or read, but merely laid on
^ the table of the House for its use; which motion
"was agreed to.
By Mr. EMBREE: Of H. M. Leeds and oth-
ers, of the counties of Vanderburgh and Posey,
Indiana, for a mail-route from Evansville to Cyn-
thiana, in Posey county: referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. TOMPKINS: Of G. T. Swann, S. R.
Adams, and Charles Scott, relative to the con-
struction of a railroad from Jackson to Brandon,
Mississippi: referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
By Mr. TURNER: Of C. M. Dewey and 1J2
others, for permission to C. M. Dewey to flow
certain Government lands m the Winnebago
Swamp, Illinois: referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Also, of the Legislature of Illinois, respecting
Government lands: referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
By Mr. W. R. W. COBB : Of Jonathan Tip-
ton, for a revolutionary pension: referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. HARRIS: Of J. P. Montgomery and
others, of Alabama, for a mail-route from We-
tumpka to Medowee, Alabama: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. W. R. W. COBB: Of sundry persons,
for a mail-route from Jasper to Springvilie, Ala-
bama: referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
By Mr. LEFFLER: Resolutions of an Iowa
City meeting, in favor of a railroad from the Mis-
sissippi river to the Pacific: referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
Also, of the Iowa Legislature, for a grant of six
sections of United States Government land to the
Des Moines College, (Presbyterian,) Iowa: refer-
red to the Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. WM. THOMPSON: Of E. Drown
and 172 others, of Iowa, for a change in mail-route
No. 4,581, from Burlington to Fairfield: referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Also, of William Eaton and 13 others, of Iowa,
for an extension of the act of July 27, 1842, in
relation to bounty lands for military services: re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions.
By Mr. TWEEDY: Memorial of the Legisla-
tive Assembly of Wisconsin, praying for the con-
struction of a road from the Falls of St. Croix to
La Pointe, on Lake Superior, heretofore presented
March 31, 1845: referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals. Like memorial for a road from
Prairie du Chien to La Pointe, heretofore present-
ed April 7, 1846. Petition of citizens of Wiscon-
sin, for appropriation for same object, heretofore
presented March 9,1846 ? referred to the Commit-
tee on Roads and Canals.
By Mr. LINCOLN: Of James Semple and
others, against the petition of the city of Alton, Illi-
nois, praying a relinquishment of certain lands
therein described : referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
By Mr. CLINGMAN: Of numerous'families
of the Cherokee nation, for remuneration on ac-
count of alleged breaches of faith upon the part of
the United States agents commissioned to make ar-
rangements respecting lands given to the Cherokee
nation: referred to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs.
TEXAS VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. KAUFMAN gave notice that on to-mor-
row, or some subsequent day, he shall introduce a
joint resolution providing for the payment of the
regiment of Texas volunteers called into the ser-
vice by Colonel Curtis, commanding officer at Ca-
margo.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. THOMAS BUTLER KING, from the
Committee on Naval Affairs, reported a bill ma-
king an appropriation of §150,000, to be applied
towards the construction of a dry dock jn the
harbor of New York. Read and committed.
Mr. STANTON, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of Catha-
rine Clark, widow of Joseph Clark. Laid on the
table.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the lelief of Edward Q,uinn. Read
and committed.
Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, reported a biil to provide
for the ascertainment and satisfaction of claims of
American citizens for spoliations committed by
the French prior to the 31st of July, 180]. Read
and committed.
Mr. COCKE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, made an adverse report on the
petition of Mary Patton. Laid on the table.
Also, from the same committee, reported a bill
making further provision_for surviving widows of
the soldiers of the Revolution.
Mr. C. said he hoped the House would allow
the bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
After some rematks by Mr. SIMS, who moved
the commitment of the bill, and by Mr. JONES,
of Tennessee, in opposition to the motion to com-
mit and in favor of the bill, the question on com-
mitting the bill was disagreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. STRONG, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, made adverse reports on the
petitions of Catharine Abel, Sarah Nixon, and
Eunice Goodeli. Laid on the table.
Also, from the same committee, reported a bill
for the relief of Elizabeth Clapper. Read and com-
mitted.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of New York, from the
same committee, made adverse reports on the pe-
titions of Alexander Wallace and Mary Corwin.
Laid on the table.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported bills for the benefit of Harriet
Barney, widow of Joshua Barney, for the relief
of Anthony Walton Bayard; and for the relief of
George Newton; which several bills were read
and committed.
Mr. VENABLE, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the lelief of Russell Goss. Read
and committed.
Also, from the same committee, made adverse
reports on the petitions of Joseph Coberly and
Peter Coville. Laid on the table.
Mr. FARRELLY, from the Committee on
Patents, reported bills to provide for additional
examiners at the Patent Office; for the relief of
Captain Henry M. Shreve; and for the relief of
Calvin Emmons; all of which were read a d com-
mitted.
Mr. HENLEY, from the same committee, re-
ported bills for the relief.of John J. Adams, and
for the relief of E  Goodrich Smith; which bills
were read and committed.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, from the
Committee on Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the
relief of David Myerle. Read and committed.
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Accounts, reported the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the allowance to each member of the
House for stationery and other articles charged to them by
tho postmaster, bo limited to the sum of thirty-five dollars
for the Ion?, and twenty-five dollars for the short, session of
each Congress.
The resolution was agreed to.
The committees having been called through for
reports—
The SPEAKER annouced that the next subject
in order was the unfinished business, viz : resolu-
tions lying over under the rule.
The resolution moved by Mr. McKay several
days since, authorizing the printing of 10,000 extra
copies of the report on commerce and navigation,
was taken up and referred to the Committee on
Printing.
The resolution moved by Mr. J. R. Ingersoi.l,
on the 18th December last, directing " that 1,000
copies of the report of the Secretary of theTreasury
upon the coast survey be printed for the use of the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey," was taken
up and referred to the Committee on Printing.
The resolution moved by Mr. Brodhead, on the
20th of December last, " that the usual number of
copies of a bill relating to postage on newspapers
be printed for the use of the House," was taken
up and referred to the Committee on Printing.
RELATING TO THE "WAR*
The resolution moved by Mr. Goggin several
days since was next taken up, viz :
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House any instructions
winch may have been given to any of the officers of the
army or navy of the United States, or other persons, in re-
gard to the letuin of President General Antonio Lopez de-
rail ta Anna, or any other Mexican, to the Republic of Mex-
ico, prior or subsequent to the older of the President or
Secretary of War, issued in January, 1846, for the march of
thf army from the Nueces nver, across the " stupendous de-
sert s" which intervene, to the Rio Grande; that the date of
ail such instructions, orders, and correspondence, be set
foith, together with the instructions and orders issued to
Mr. SJidetl at any time prior or subsequent to his departure
foi Mexico as Minister Plenipotentiary of the United States
to that Republic.
Mr. McLANE proposed, before the question
was put, to give areason why he was opposed to the
adoption of the original resolution. The informa-
tion called for was already on record, within the
reach of every member of this House. Docu-
ments had been printed giving all the instructions
furnished to Mr. Slidell, together with despatches
from General Taylor, by which General Taylor
advised the President to send him to the Rio
Grande. These despatches furnished advice not
only on military, but on political grounds, and they
presented General Taylor not only as an accom-
plished military chieftain, but as a statesman and
a patriot, ready to support the Government under
which he served as a commissioned officer. They
presented him in the light of a public servant ca-
pable of going beyond the scope of military duty:
they showed that he thoroughly understood, and
was acquainted with, the political considerations
involved in the movement in which lie-was en-
gaged; that he understood the Rio Grande to be
the boundary which the annexation of Texas had
forced between us and Mexico; and he therefore
induced the President to send him to the Rio
Grande as a political movement. Mr. McL. was
understood to say, that ample information was
contained respecting Mr. Slidell's instructions and
General Taylor's despatches in the document to
which he referred: it contained all the correspond-
ence connected with Mr. Slidell's mission, and
therefore he should vote against reprinting and re-
publishing the document.
Mr. McL. moved to amend the resolution of
Mr. Botts, by adding thereto the following :
"Provided, That the same documents have not already
been printed and jaid before the House."
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, explained that the
information sought to be obtained by^ this resolu-
tion, and the document to which his colleague
referred, were very distinct and different m their
ChMr? ASHMUN presumed the gentleman from
Maryland had no desire to mislead and misinform
the House as to the document in question. The
