106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 5,
for three years and a half, to accommodate the
obstinacy of these parties. He said tins, because,
in a conversation which he had had with the Post-
master Genera! some time ago, that gentleman
frankiy admitted, that if this was an original ques- ;
tion, he would put the construction upon it that he
(Mr. B.) gave to it. It was said that a different ,
construction had been put on the law by some of '
the Postmaster General's predecessors, and it was
therefore supposed that Congress had legislated on .
it. Permit him, however, to say, that from the
time of the construction of the railroad to Rich- ,
mond from Aquia creek, the great southern and :
northern mail had been transported on that road :
until within the last few weeks. That line was ,
directand certain. The performance of the service :
undertaken by that company had been of such a
character, as was shown by the correspondence
between the railroad company and the Post Office ;
Department, as to give entire satisfaction to the
department. The company had never been sub-
jected to a fine for the loss of a mail in a single
instance. That fact was stated by the company,
and it had not been denied. They had had the
mads carried, not merely from this city to Rich-
mond, but the mail of the North had been carried
through to Richmond and Petersburg m eight or
nine hours every day, with certainty and despatch.
But now what was the state of things? Why, the
mail starts from Richmond, goes down the James
river one hundred and fifty or one hundred and
sixty miles, it comes up the Chesapeake bay two
hundred miles to Baltimore, and it then came back
a distance of forty miles to Washington, before
thev could obtain their letters. How many lost
mails there had been since this arrangement had
been entered into, he could not undertake to say.
Other members on this floor had as much informa-
tion on this subject as he had, for many of them :
received more mail matter than he did. Of one I
thing those gentlemen would bear witness, that !
sometimes there were two, three, four, and even
five mails due at one time; and was this a grievance
that ought to be remedied or not: If the law does
not authorize the Postmaster General to contract
for carrying this mail by this direct and certain
route, he ought to be empoweied to do it by Con-
gress. But no legislation was needed in his (Mr.
B. *s) judgment to authorize the Postmaster General
to do this. The authority already exists, and all
he should ask of the House was, that it should
require the Postmaster Genera! to execute the law
as it stands on the statute hook. He supposed all
the House could require at his hands was, that he
should show that the Postmaster General was au-
thorized to contract with this company; and, in
the second place, that, being so authorized, it was
proper he should exercise his authority. If he es-
tablished these two points, he presumed he should
have established sufficient to settle the judgment of
the House. But he would go beyond that point,
and he would show that the lav/ not only autho-
rized the Postmaster General to make this con-
tract, but, according to both the letter and the spirit
of the statute, by a very fair inteipretation, the
Postmaster General was actually requited to do it,
and he violates the law if he does not do it. Now,
what is the law ? By an act approved January 25,
1839, it was enacted—
'•Thattiia Po-sinm-rer General sha'I not, by virtue of the
authority vested in him by thf second stctmn of the act t n-
titlcd -An act to establish certain post-routes and discon-
tinue others,'approved 7th July, 1838, allow more than three
hundred dollars per mile per annum to ari\ raihoad com-
pany in the United States foi the conveyance of one or more
daily mails upon their road."
Thus far, then, it seemed that the Postmaster
General was authorized to allow three hundred
dollais per mile per annum for the conveyance of
one or more daily mails. He had so much dis-
cretion allowed to him, but he was not to allow
more than three hundred dollars per mile. There
was, however, a proviso, which he would read to
the House. It was as follows :
<lProvi-IptJ, That norhine in this art contained >liidl be
construed so a- in any way to remove m impair the limita-
tion* upon the power ot tlio Postmaster General imposed by
that scction."
This proviso, then, does nothing more than con-
tinue in fuice the second section, which he would
now read:
"Frc. -1. Jhvl be it jurtker enttcici. That each and every
railroad within tin- limits of the Cnited State* \vL;r-ji now
Is or hereafter may he completed. s hf<H be a po^t-ioute. and
the Postmaster General shall can-e the mail to he transport-
ed thereou: Provided. lie can have it dune on reasonable
terms, and not pay therefor, in any instance, more than
twentv-livr pet centum over and above what similar trans-
portation would cost in post coat-he*."
Now, put these two sections together, and to
what do they amount? That the Postmaster Gen-
eral is authorized to contract with this company
for the transportation of the mail, provided he does
not pay more than 25 percent, more than the same
transportation can be done for by post-coaches,
and that he does not pay more than §300 per mile
per annum. Well, but the Postmaster General told
them, in his report, that he has offered the maxi-
mutfi compensation allowed by law, viz: §237 50
per mile per annum. But was there anything
found m the law of such a sum as §237 SO3 No;
but they found the maximum mentioned, and that
was $300. How, then, did they suppose, did the
Postmaster General arrive at this maximum of
$237 50? The whole difficulty grew out of the
words 4t similar transportation," and it was for the
committee to determine what *' similar transporta-
tion" means. Brought up, as he was, a very plain
man, he looked altogether at facts, and not ab-
stractions, that he might arrive at practical results,
and endeavor to give a true construction to what
was presented to him to decide upon, without ex-
ercising any extraordinary ingenuity to come at
wrong conclusions. To him it appeared that the
words "similar transportation" meant this and
nothing more—the transportation of the same mail.
Well, over and above the amount for which the
same mail could be transported by post-coaches,
the Postmaster General was authorized to pay the
railroad company 25 per cent. Was not that a
reasonable construction ? If it did not mean that,
what aid it mean ? The letter and spirit of the
law authorized the Postmaster General to pay 25
per cent, moie than would be required to transpoit
the same mail by post coaches, for the greater cer-
tainty and despatch of railroad transportation.
Such, howevei,was not the construction of the
Postmaster General.
instead of ascertaining what it would cost to
transport that particular mail in post-coaches over
that road, which was the very worst—he knew it,
because he was born almost m the ccntrc of the
route, between this point and the town of Freder-
icksburg; every gentleman who had tiavelled over it
also knew that it was the worst road in the United
States—instead, he repeated, of ascertaining wnat
| it would cost to carry the mail over that route in
I post coaches—not only the worst road, but the
largest mail in the United States—the Postmaster
i General goes to the national road, to the great
! Cumberland road, the very best in the United
States, and ascertained that the mail was carried
over that road for about one hundred and- ninety
dollars per mile, to which he adds twenty-five per
cent. The Postmaster General reduced moun-
tains to a plain, and quagmires to a national turn-
pike, and made no difference between them. On
such premises he had based his calculation, arid
offered a sum which he coneeivcd was a fair aver-
age. No matter what might be their condition,
they had all to adapt themselves to the Postmaster
I General's Procrustean bed; for he would allow no
j moie than twenty-five per cent, over and above
the sum that was paid on the great national road.
In this, he believed, the Postmaster General was
in error. To him it was clear that, so long as the
Postmaster General could obtain this service over
this loute at twenty-five per cent, increase on the
amount required for such service in post-coaches,
if that amount did not exceed ^300 per mile per
! annum, he was bound to continue the contract
I with this railroad.
| And how was it to be ascertained? That per-
I haps was the next question that presented itself to
I the committee. How was the Postmaster Gen-
eral to ascertain for what amount the mail could be
carried over the road ? He could only say that this
company had proposed to carry the mail and per-
form the entire service required for less than it
could be done for by any other route whatever.
The Postmaster General pays now for the trans-
portation of the way mail exclusively from Wash-
ington to Richmond the sum of $13,000; anc}, in
answer to an inquiry from him, the Postmaster
General admitted that the difference between the
way mail and the great northern and southern
mail was j that the lattei was five or six times larger
than the former. He (Mr. B.) supposed it to be
ten times larger; but he was willing to take the
' Postmaster General's lowest statement. If, then,
the way mail was worth §13,000 for its transmis-
sion in twenty-three hours, how much more was
it worth to transpoit that mail, together with five
times more mail matter, in nine hours? Gentlemen
would perhaps answer thatquestion for themselves;
but he begged to state that the railroad company
had offered to do that service for very little moie
than double the amount that was paid for tho
transportation of the way mail alone. To this the
Postmaster General had not agreed; and now the
Post Office Department was payingmore for the cir-
cuitous, difficult, and uncertain route, than was re*
qu ired for a route that was expeditious and certain.
But it was said that this was extortion. It was
asserted that the company was claiming something
that was not right. He would submit to the good
sense of this committee if it were not ridiculous—
he did not use the term in an offensive sense—to
talk of extortion when the whole matter in contro-
versy was but about the sum of *,2,700? What
extortion could there be m that? This railroad
company was a private corporation. It was built
up by the enterprise of our people at a cost of a
million and a half of dollars, on whose stock,
which had never been at par, not six per cent, had
ever been paid. Was it not the duty of Congress
to foster and encourage public and private enter-
;■ prise to build up these roads, not merely that the
|j mails might be transported with greater despatch,
!i but for the transportation of troops and munitions
i! of war when the necessities of the country requir-
jj ed it? But what company would do it if they
ij were to be broken down instead of fostered by the
|| National Government, so that they could derive
i; no profit from the capital invested in such an en-
|! terprise?
!! Mr. B. went on to say that he considered this
as a very large quarrel about a very insignificant
sum of money—a quarrel in which the department
ought never to have engaged.
But (said Mr. B.) it is further urged that this same
company did once carry the mail between these
same points for §237—the sum now offered; they
were once very willing to accept of that as an ade-
quate compensation; and the Postmaster's infer-
ence is, that therefore they ought to be willing to
take that sum now. It was deemed a-fair price
once, and therefore it is a fair price now. But I
say that what might have been a very fair- com-
pensation in 1838 is not, necessarily, a fair com-
pensation in 1847; a price that was then fair may
now be very unfair—and for these reasons: In
the first place, the company have added fifteen
miles of railroad to the former route. Do gentle-
men suppose this cost them nothing, or that the
mail is to have the advantage of passing for fifteen
miles more over rails, and that the Government is
to pay nothing for the advantage2 But,besides this,
the mail is now required to be carried in less time
and with increased speed; and the company will
be under the necessity of incurring -very consider-
able cost and inconvenience, purely for the sake of
accommodatingthedepartment. Then consider the
increased amount of matter to be carried, in com-
parison to what was transported in 1838. What
a vast increase has since then taken place in the
amount of printed matter circulated through every
part of the Union, and also of letters. The late
j; reduction of postage, as everybody knows, has
produced a largely increased amount of corre-
jj spondence; insomuch that, according to the Post-
11 master General's own showing from a deficit in
the resources of the department of six or seven
'I hundred thousand dollars, the deficit has now
I' shrunk to about thirty-two thousand; and he tells
!; us that he anticipates a surplus by the next year
]' of some two hundred and thirty-seven thousand
j; dollars. 1 admit that so vast a difference as this
, may have arisen, jn part, from the discontinuance
j1 of some mail routes altogether, and a reduction in
:! the amount of others. But still, admitting this,
; the result shows an infinite increase in the amount
i of mailable matter daily transmitted throughout
jj the country. And when we take all these facts
;! into view, it does by no means follow, that be-
ll cause twenty-nine thousand dollars was once a
; fair compensation for carrying the mail a given
,! distance on a given route, the allowance now of
j; thirty-two thousand dollars for cairying it that
Si same distance, and by that same route, is not a
I' much less price in proportion.
And now, I ask, what is the Post Office Depart-
: ment actually paying, at this very moment, for
^ carrying the mail from Washington to Petersburg?
