1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
[Mr. B. here rued from a memoiandum in his
hand the items making up this amount, but so rap-
idly and in so low a tone that they could not be
caught at the reporter's seat; the aggregate, how-
ever, was given at $37,477.] Yet at the same time
he is pitying for the transportation of the way-mail
over the same distance, and $5,800 more was paid
from Petersburg to Richmond. This last item he
had taken off, and added instead but $2,200, which
raised the aggregate to $49,200, leaving a balance
against the department of $2,523 more money paid
under the new than under the old eontiact. But
it seems to me that the Postmaster General rather
forces his balance-sheet in this case. He takes off
the $5,800 paid between Petersburg and Richmond.
But does he mean, as a permanent arrangement,
that there shall be no mail between these two
points? As matters now stand, he takes the mail
from Richmond down to City Point, on the Poto-
mac, and there it is detained for twenty-four hours;
incurring this enormous detention merely for the
sake of discontinuing this little item of five or six
thousand dollars to carry it direct to Petersburg.
The mail has to wait there, because one mail goes
down the river and one goes up, and it must wait
until the other boat makes her slow way up through
fogs, and every other cause of delay. He must
either encounter this detention of twenty-four
hours, or incur the expense of a new boat; he
may take either horn of the dilemma, I care not
which. But I say that such a detention of the
great southern mail cannot and will not be sub-
mitted to much longer.
But it has been urged again, that this railroad
company ask more for the same distance than is
paid to the railroad companies at the North; and I
for that reason the Postmaster General is not jus- j
tified in complying with the demand. I answer •
this objection by saying, in the first place, that I i
think the Postmaster General is mistaken m point
of fact. It is certainly not my intention to raise j
the slightest imputation on his veracity; he asserts, ;
no doubt, what he believes to be true; but then ,
there is a way of telling what is in itself true, so
as to convey an impression which is wholly erro- 1
neous. I say that the fact is not so; but if it were !
so, it has nothing to do with the matter. Does :
the Postmaster General, or does anybody else, ;
expect that railroad companies at the South must 1
necessarily convey freight or passengers or the j
mails at the same rate as companies do at the j
North? One would really suppose that this com- j
pany and their road belonged to the Government. Ij
It does not belong to the Government; the road is j!
private property, and its proprietors, if they ac- [;
commodate either the public or the Govarnment, jj
are entitled to a fair profit on the capital invested, il
Northern railroad companies have charters which !;
give them very handsome dividends upon their i
stock, without reckoning the price of freight at all.
But the rights of southern companies are not the j
same; and if freight and transportation are exacted ,
from them at the same rates, they must stop, or \
do business at a loss. Who is going to keep up i
a railroad at a dead loss for the sake of accommo- .
dating the public or the Postmaster General ? I :
say he pays more now than this company ask. I 1
make that assertion. And to prove it, take for f
example what he pays to the company who carry j
his mail from here to Baltimore. He allows them '
$300 per mile for carrying u one or more55 daily j
mails. The company run two daily lines, and !|
carry two daily mails. But does any man suppose
they run their second line for the sake of carrying ;|
a second mail ? Who does not know that it is run '!
to accommodate the travel between the two cities r jj
Under their contract the mail which hi lives here h
from the South at five o'clock is carried to Baltimore j
that night; and the other line carries a little mail,
made up of the letters which have arrived here
after five in the evening and before five the next
morning. The Postmaster General chooses thus
to divide his mail between the two routes, and
pays for both. This would be all right if the
second line earned the mail only, or ran for that
end, when it would not run otherwise; but it is
notorious it runs for passengers, and so it would
if there were no mail aboard. But as the line is to
run at all events, the mail bag is thrown in, with-;
out any additional trouble or expense to the com-
pany whatever. It is precisely the same to them
whether the matter they convey is divided into
two sepaiate mails or not.
Another distinction the Postmaster General at^
tempts to make is*wholly unwarranted by law.
He admits that the mail hence to Richmond is a
mail of the first class; but then he insists on a de-
duction for so much of the route as is carried over
by steamboats. _Why? For what good reason?
The expedition is as great. The cost to the com-
pany is in some cases greater. In 1842 Congress
| directed the company to keep an iceboat that should
■ be able to cut its way when the river was obstruct-
i ed by ice. The company obeyed: it kept an ice-
| boat, as the law required. And it did more; ii
kept two iceboats. I have myself travelled on
; these boats when the ice on the river was three or
i four inches in thickness. Why, then, should this
| arbitrary deduction be made in their compensation ?
: The company offered the department to accept of
| the $237 50 per mile, provided no such deduction
I was to be made when the mail was carried by
; steamboats; but even this the Postmaster General
j would not agree to. Again, the company asked
j that a fair allowance should be made them for
! keeping up an establishment of wagons and horses
j and suitable agents for bringing up the mail from
! the whaif, when it landed, to the General Post
I Omce in this city, (a distance of two miles,) but
this reasonable and just demand met a like rejee-
" tion. Here was ground on which the department
might have met the company, and none of this
difficulty and public loss would have been experi-
enced. The offer was a reasonable and a fair one,
but he would not comply with it. ^
As I said in the outset, this dispute has by de-
grees degenerated into a matter of mere personal
pride- and obstinacy on both sides. Perhaps it is
not quite in order to state it, but I have been in-
formed that everj^inernber of Mr. Polk's Cabinet
i disagiees with the Postmaster General in the mat-
: ter; and I understand, further, that a proposal has
1 been suggested by one who, if not formally one of
the Cabinet, is as near to it as a man can be with-
; out actual admission within the door, (I allude to
the gentleman who conducts what is called " the
organ" in this city,) to submit the whole question
to the Attorney General of the United States for
his opinion. But no; the Postmaster General
would assent to no such thing. Why did he re-
. fuse, if he is so confident that his interpretation of
the law is right ? But more than that: the Attorney
I General has been called on by a member of the
i Post Office Committee of this House; but he de-
j chnes giving an opinion, unless it is called for by
t ,the Postmaster General.
| Mr. GOGGIN here explained, that the Attorney
General had not positively refused, but had said
that the practice had been not to give law opinions
unless called on by the head of a department or
the Postmaster General.
Well, said Mr. BOTTS, then I will substitute
the word 44 declined " for the word " refused,"
i for I really can see no other difference. Pie did
not, in fact, gi\e the opinion when wc asked him
■ foi it, but said he would if the Postmaster Gen-
1 eral would ask it.
; Under these circumstances, we have no remedy
; left us but to come to Congress and ask redress of
j this public evil from their hands. And be it here
! remembered, that unless Congress will do what is
now asked of it, its refusal will, in effect, go to
break up the revenues of the department alto-
gether. Can gentlemen expect that the entire
South of this Union, and all the mercantile sea-
board, are going to be subjected to such an intol-
erable grievance as this for three years and a half,
to gratify the obstinacy of the Postmaster Gen-
eial? -No, sir : they will take relief into their own
hand; they will establish private expresses, and
carry their own letters for themselves. Drive
them to this, and the whole revenues of your de-
| partment are broken up. More than that: a
i course like this goes directly to encourage the
substitution of the telegraph. This has been its
effect already. I get my news from Richmond by
telegraph, instead of waiting for its circumnaviga-
tion by the ciicuitous route of the James river and
the Potomac. In a late interview with the Post-
master General, he inquiicd whether I was on my
way to Richmond to spend the holidays at home.
I replied to him, in a jocular spirit, that I was
going to Richmond to get my letters, and save the
trouble of sending them round by mail. An hon-
orable Senator lately told mU, that, arriving here
on a Saturday evening, he came in advance of a
letter he had written at Richmond on the Tuesday
previous. Is this to be borne ?
Mr. B. here went into local geographical details,
showing how the Richmond mail was,carried, and
the causes of its frequent and great detentions.
He stated that his Virginia friends assured him
that they were sometimes without any account of
the proceedings of Congress for ten days to-
gether.
And now, said Mr. B., I believe I have an-
swered all the objections I have heard made in
any quarter to the allowance of the terms de-
manded by the railroad company. A -word or
two on the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Tennessee, and I have done. "  
That gentleman says he is willing to do what I
ask—(and he thereby admits that the thing is rea-
sonable and ought to be done)—but on what condi-
tion i Why, that the railroad company shall pay
all the damages which may thereby accrue to other
companies between the same two points. Sir, he
might as well ask me to do it. This railroad com-
pany are not bound, as I before said, to carry your
mail unless they please; they have a right to de-
cline your offers, and they have declined. And
now you say, if you give them what they ask,
they must pay all the damages that may accrue to
everybody else. In my opinion, the case is clear.
The companies now holding the contract are en-
titled to compensation for any loss or inconvenience
that may accrue to them from a change of arrange-
ment, however illegal the contract wliich they hold
may be. It is notto be supposed that all the railroad
companies over the country are intimately familiar
with all the internal arrangements and regulations of
the Post Office Department. They may enter into
contracts for the mail which are not strictly legal;
still, if these are taken from them, they are justly
entBtled to compensation. It is provided by law
that every proposal for a mail contract shall be
accompanied by a written guaranty for its due per-
formance, and that no proposal shall be considered
binding unless accompanied with such guaranty;
but in the present case no such guaranty has been
given, and therefore, in strictness of law, it is no
contract. Still, as I said, I think the holders of it
should be compensated. And 1 therefore propose
that the department make to them such an allow-
ance as is fair and just. But the gentleman from
Tennessee proposes to take this allowance out of
the pocket of the railroad company, and to leave
the amount to the discretion of the Postmaster
General. I shall be surprised if, in that case, the
company have not to pay what will be more than
equal to all the profit they can make out of their
contract. For there seems to be an antipathy
against them on the part of the head of the Post
Office Department, and a little peisonal pride is
become involved in the matter. Party, too, has
ciept in, as if party has anything to do with such
a thing as this. I conjure gentlemen to look well
and examine their own motives. There is nothing
of party in the affair. I invoke the House to do
what is demanded of them by the whole mercan-
tile interest of the seaboard, from Richmond to
Maine. All the boards of trade have sent up the
most urgent remonstrances, and the whole South
unites with the North in calling for an abatement
of this great nuisance. I ask gentlemen to dis-
charge a great and obvious duty to the country.
1 ask them to relieve the Postmaster General from
his supposed difficulty. I desire not to be misun-
derstood. I am asking for nothing like a vote of
censure upon that officer. No such thing is in-
tended or desired; but I merely ask that that which
the whole population of the seaboard of the entire
Union agree m believing to be the fair and true in-
terpretation of the law may be forthwith carried
into effect.
Mr. LINCOLN said that he had made an effort
some few days since to obtain the floor in relation
to this measure, but had failed. One of the ob-
jects he had then had in view was now in a great
measure superseded by what had fallen from the
gentleman from Virginia who had just taken his
seat. He begged to assure his friends on the other
side of the House, that no assault whatever was
meant upon the Postmaster General; and he was
glad that what the gentleman had now said, modi-
fied to a great extent the impression which" might
have been created by the language he had used on
a previous occasion. He wanted to state to gen-
tlemen who might have entertained such impres-
sions, that the Committee on the Post Office was
composed of five Whigs and four Democrats, and
their report was understood as sustaining, not im-
