108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 5.
pugntng, the position taken by the Postmaster
General. That report had met with the approba-
tion of all the Whigs and of all the Democrats
also, with the exception of one, and he wanted to
go even further than this. [Intimations were here
informally given to Mr. L. that it was not in order
to mention on the floor what had taken place in
committee.] He then observed that if he had been
out of order in what he had said, he took it all
back, [a laugh,] so far as he could. He had no
desire, he could assure gentlemen, ever to be out
of order—though he never could keep long in
order.
Mr. L. went on to observe, that he differed in
opinion, in the present case, from his honorable
friend from Richmond, [Mr. Botts.] That gen-
tleman had begun his remarks by saying that if all
prepossessions in this matter could be removad out
of ihe way, but little difficulty would be expe-
rienced in coming to an agreement. Now, he
could assure that gentleman that he had himself
begun the examination of this subject with prepos-
sessions all in his favor. He had long and often
heard of him, and, from what he had heard, was
prepossessed in his favor. Of the Postmaster Gen-
eral he had also heard, but had no prepossessions
in his favor, though certainly none of an opposite
kind. He differed, however, from that gentleman
ill politics, while in this respect he agreed with the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Botts,] whom he
wished to oblige whenever it was in his power.
That gentleman had referred to the report made to
the House by the Postmaster General, and had
intimated an apprehension that gentlemen would
be disposed to rely on that report alone, and derive
their views of the case from that document alone.
Now, it so happened that a pamphlet had been
slipped into his (Mr. L.'s) hand before he read
the report of the Postmaster General; so that, even
ill this, he had begun with prepossessions in favor
of the gentleman from Virginia.
As to the report, he had but one remark to make:
he had carefully examined it, and he did not un-
derstand that there was any dispute as to the facts
therein slated: the dispute, if he understood it,
was confined altogether to the inferences to be
drawn from those facts. It was a difference not
about facts, but about conclusions. The facts were
not disputed. If he was right in this, he supposed
the House might assume the facts to be as they
were stated,and thence proceed to draw their own
conclusions.
The gentleman had said that the PostmasterGen-
erat had got into a personal squabble with the rail-
road company. Of this, Mr. L. knew nothing;
nor did he need or desire to know anything, be-
cause it had nothing whatever to do with a just
conclusion from the premises. But the gentleman
had gone on to ask whether so great a grievance
as the present detention of the southern mail ought
not to be remedied ? Mr. L. would assure the
gentleman that if there was a proper way of doing
it, no man was more anxious than he that it should
be done. The report made by the committee had
been intended to yield much for the sake of re-
moving that grievance. That the grievance was
very great, there was no dispute in any quarter.
He supposed the statements made by the gentle-
man from Virginia to show this were all entirely
correct in point of ftict. He did suppose that the
interruptions of regular intercourse, and all the
other inconveniences growing out of it, were all as
that gentleman had stated them to be; and cer-
tainly, if redressscould be rendered, it was proper
it should be rendered as soon as possible. The
gentleman said that, ill order to effect this, 110 new
legislative action was needed: all that was neces-
sary was, that the Postmaster General should be
required to do what the law, as it stood, authorized
and required him to do.
We come, then, said Mr. L., to the law. Now
the Postmaster General says that he cannot give to
this company over $237 50 per railroad mile of
transportation, and 1:2) per cent, less for trans-
portation by steamboats. He considers himself
as restricted by law to this amount; and he says,
further, that he would not give more if he could,
because, in his apprehension, it would not be fair ;
and just.
Mr. MILLIARD here wished to be set right in ;
his apprehension of the facts of the case, and he
made some inquiry not distinctly heard across the ,
Hall; and, after a brief conversation, expressing
himself satisfied, resumed Ins seat. >
Mr. LINCOLN proceeded. I had the impres-
sion that the service rendered under the present
contract cost the Government more than if the
mail were carried by the railroad company, in con-
sequence of its passing over a longer route. Un-
derstanding this, my view of the question remains
unchanged.
And now as to the law: lam not disposed to
discuss it at any very great length; for, as the ap-
peal is here to the law-making power, which can
alter the law whenever a modification is required,
there does not seem any necessity of very nicely
discussing what it is as it now stands. If it shall
i be clearly shown what naked justice requires, it
will be easy to make the law conform to that re-
! quirement. But let us look at it as it stands.
There are three laws which have a bearing on
' this question: the first authorizes the Postmaster
General to give to a contractor 25 per cent, more
, for the transportation of the mail over railroads
than for similar transportation in mail-coaches;
another law says that the Postmaster General shall
not allow more than §300 per mile for daily trans-
portation, provided that his contract does not con-
flict with the provisions of the law first referred to.
Then there is a third law which directs the Post-
. master General to classify the sorts of service ren-
dered It was this which caused him to give less
for transportation by steamboats than over rail-
roads; he graduated the compensation for this at a
, point midway between that by railroad and that by
, mail-coaches. The difference between railroad and
, coach being but 25 per cent., he placed the price
• for steamboat transportation at 12j per cent, above
; the one and below the other. I do not understand
; that this construction of the la#by the Postmaster
General is held in any quarter to be wrong. The
| fact that the law allows him to pay §300 for daily
; transportation and for more frequent than daily,
; has been alluded to; but, as I understand, the po-
j sition is not taken that he is authorized to allow
1 this company §300 per mile. If it is, I shall pro-
; ceed to examine it. All must admit that all the laws
i on the subject are extremely loose and general in
' their language; that they admit of different con-
; stiuctions; and that no one construction that can
; be given them leaves the mind entirely satisfied.
| The law allows §300 to be paid for transporting
the mail daily or oftener, thereby fixing the com-
pensation for one transportation and for two at the
same amount. This alone is enough to show that
the law is not very definite in its provisions, and
in fact it is hardly possible to put an equitable con-
struction upon it. It refers to a prior law, and
says it is not to be construed so as to interfere
with it.
| From the whole of what the gentleman from
; Virginia has said, I understand his sense of the
; matter to be, that we are in this case to begovern-
! ed by the old law. Now, I ask the lawyers in this
House (I suppose there are some) [a laugh]
i whether I am not right when 1 say, that where a
: law has been passed in terms so general as to re-
quire a construction to be put upon it, (and this is
'• the case with most laws,) and constructions of its
| provisions are accordingly given, and a second law
| is afterwards passed referring to the first, this sec-
, ond law is held to recognize and to confirm the
constructions put upon that first passed? If this
is so, then I say that the Postmaster General was
not wrong when he insisted that the latter law,
when it referred to the former, meant to refer to it
as construed ; in which case the construction seems
to be confirmed and strengthened by the last
passed.
But, looking only to the original construction
itself of the old taw, the gentleman from Virginia
says that Mr. Kendall's construction of the teims
"similar transportation by mail coaches," %vas
wrong, and that he ought to have construed it to
mean transportation of the same mall not only,
but by the same route. But, now, suppose there
was no mad-coach transportation on that route,
what must his construction be in that case? What
did the present Postmaster General in fact do?
He took the most expensive mail-coach route in
the nation. He took the prices allowed for coach
transportation on different portions of that route,
and averaged them, and then built his construction
of the law upon tUat average. It came to §190
per mile. He added 25 per cent, to that rate, and
offered the result to this railroad company. The 1
gentleman from Virginia says that this was wron°-: i
I say it was right. !
But the gentleman says he ought to have reck-
oned coach transportation on that specific route.
Well, if he had done so, he would have added 25
per cent, upon §5,000, and no more; for the Post-
master General tells us that before he made his
contract with this railroad company, the same
mail had been carried for between §5,000 and
§6,000. The company now get §28,000, and are
not satisfied. Had he taken the same rate then,
where would they have been ? If there had been
a coach line, he would not have gained anything
by that. For I have inquired at what rate the
mail could be carried by coaches from Washing-
ton to Richmond, and I have heard that the low-
est bid ever made was §28,000. If he had added
25 per cent, to that, it would have been more than
the company asks. This fact, and one other item
that I obtained, aie all that I had to enable me to
get at justice in this case. An old gentleman,
whose very good looks prepossessed me in his fa-
vor, and would incline me to believe any statement
he should make, told me that he had been a stock-
holder in the road, and had never got over 5 per
cent, dividend on his stock. The same source of
information admitted that since the construction of
the railroad, mail-coaches had been wholly dis-
used. It is a bad road, and always has been, and
the mail could not no w be carried over it in coaches
for three or four times what it might have been,
had not the railroad been constructed.
I think that abundant reasons have been given
to show that the construction put upon the law by
the Postmaster General is the right construction,
and that subsequent acts of Congress have con-
firmed it. I have already said that the grievance
complained of ought to be remedied. But it is
said that the sum of money about which all this
difficulty has arisen is exceeding small—not more
than §2,700. I admit it is very small; and if
nothing else were involved, it would not be worth
the dispute. But there is a principle involved; and
if we once yield to a wrong principle, that conces-
sion will be the prolific source of endless mischief.
It is for this reason, and not for the sake of saving
§2,700, that I am unwilling to yield what is de-
manded. If I had no apprehensions that the ghost
of this yielding would rise and appear in various
distant places, I would say, pay the money, and
let us have no more fuss about it. But I have
such apprehensions. I do believe, that if we
yield this, our act will be the source of other
claims equally unjust, and therefore I cannot vote
to mal;) the allowance.
And now, I suppose, I may, without being out
of order, tell what I was willing, in committee, to
yield for the sake of removing this evil. 1 was
willing to give as damages what the department
would have to pay the Bay Company for breach
of contract, be it §2,700, or whatever amount. Be
it what it might, it would be so much money gone;
it would never rise again.
Mr. L. insisted that the true anil great point to
which the attention of this House or the committee
should be directed was, what is a just compensa-
tion > Inasmuch as this railroad and steamboat
company could afford greater facilities than any
other line, the service ought to be done upon this
route; but it ought to be done upon just and fair
principles. If it could not be done at what had
been offered, let it be shown that a greater amount
was just. But. until it was shown, he was op-
posed to increasing it. He had seen many things
in the report of the Postmaster General and else-
where that stood out against the river route. Now,
the daily steamboat transportation between Troy
and New York was performed for less than one
hundred dollars per mile. This company was dis-
satisfied with two hundred and twelve or two hun-
dred and thirteen dollars per mile. It had not
been shown, and he thought it could not be shown
to them why this company was entitled to more,
or so much more, than the other received. It was
true, they had to encounter the ice, but was there
not more ice further north ? There might possibly
be shown some reason why the Virginia line
should have more; but was there any reason why
they should have so much more ? Agam, the price
paid between Cincinnati and Louisville for daily
transportation was not two hundred and thirteen
dollars per mile, or one hundred dollars, or fifty;
it was less than twenty-eight dollars per mile.
Now, he did not insist that there might, not be
some peculiar reasons connected with this route
between this city and Richmond that entitled it to
