1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
100
tnore than was paid on the routes between Cincin-
nati and Louisville, and Troy and New York.
But,if there were reasons, they ought to be shown.
And was it supposed that there could be any, or
so peculiar reasons, as to justify so great a differ-
ence in compensation as was claimed by this com-
pany ? It did seem that there could be none.
These reasons actuated him in taking the posi-
tion he had taken, painfully refusing to oblige his
friend from Virginia, which he assured the gentle-
man he had the greatest inclination to do.
In relation to the report of the committee, let
him state one thing: It proposed that the Post-
master General should again offer this company
what he had already offered and they had refused.
It was for the reason that the Postmaster General,
as he understood, had informed them that he was
not himself going to renew the proposition. The
committee supposed—at any rate, he (Mr. L.) sup-
posed—that as soon as the company should know
that they could get what he had offered them, and
no more—as soon tis all hope of greater compen-
sation was cut off—that instant they would not
take ten thousand dollars a ^ear for the privilege
of doing it. Whether this was actually the case
he did not profess positively to know; it was a
matter of opinion, but he firmly believed it. In
proposing to offer them the contract again, as he
had already said, the committee yielded some-
thing, viz; the damage that the Government would
have to pay for the breaking up of the present
arrangement. He was willing to incur that dam-
age; some other gentlemen weie not; they were
further away from the position which his friend
from Virginia took. He was willing to yield some-
thing, but could not consent to go the whole length
■with the gentleman.
In relation to what the damage would be, it
would of course depend upon what was shown to
this House and to the Senate to be fair and reason-
able. It was a general principle of law that this
Government could not be sued upon any contract.
It was a principle of the common law that no judg-
ment can go against the State, and it had been
confirmed by the Supreme Court of the United
States in repeated instances. Now, how was this
company to get anything for their damages? Why,
simply by coming here and laying their case before
Congress.
Mr. L. concluded by remarking that this was all
he wished to say. If there was any portion of his
hour left, he would only ask that it should be pass-
ed to his credijt for some future occasion.
Mr. ROOT obtained the floor, and, by request,
yielded to
Mr. MEADE, who sent up to the Clerkfe table
the following substitute, which he wished to offer
for the resolution and amendment under considera-
tion, viz;
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United Slut a of America in Congress assembled, That the
Postmaster General he, and he is hereby, authorized in future
to contract with the raiiroad companies tor the transportation
of ihe mail at a price not exceeding <>"250 a mile lor Oans-
poi ting the mail oiic-e a day, and §300 for transporting the
same twice a day: Provided, That for &ueh service performed
j*n the ni-,'ht tunc an additional compensation, not exceeding
15 pci cuit on tho«?f  Miins, may be s^iven.
The amendment not being in order at this time,
it was not received.
Mr. ROOT resumed the floor, and remarked
that, being a member of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, as he happened to dissent
from the report of the committee, it was perhaps
incumbent upon him to state some of the reasons
by which he was governed. He differed in opin-
ion as to the law which governs this matter from
the gentleman from Illinois who had just addressed
the committee. He was not about to inflict upon
the committee a law argument. This whole matter
was treated by the gentleman from Illinois pre-
cisely as if the House were sitting as a court of
equity, having before them the railroad company,
the Post Office Department, and such of the good
people of the United States as were interested in
the expedition of this mail; and he seemed to con-
sider that the only question was, what is right
between the parties? He was very anxious to do
right. He would give $2,700, which was consid-
ered so great a sum, if it was right. He insisted
that they should be governed by what w.as right.
But before Mr. R. spent much time or breath in
arguing what was right, he thought it was better
first to inquire whether they had the power to en-
force the right when ascertained. This railroad
company, it was said, were asking all exorbitant
price for their services, (and railroad companies
often did this,) and it would be setting a bad pre-
cedent to pay them. 'Well, did not every man
who lias got anything to furnish for Uncle Sam
get as enormous prices as he could ? Why were
we paying such enormous prices for steamboats,
flatboats, and every old hulk that can be mustered
about the mouth of the Mississippi? Because it
is right? No, but because the Government deem
it better to employ them in carrying on this war
than to go without their services. Now, the ques-
tion to be considered was, what was the very low-
est rate for which these services could be obtained ?
That they could ascertain perhaps; perhaps not.
It was doubted by the gentleman from Illinois.
When they had ascertained that, the next question
was, had we better employ this railroad and steam-
boat company to do this service, or go without
it? Well, the'head of the Post Office Department
had done the business in this way. Pie had tried
to ascertain the lowest amount for which he could
get this important service performed. The com-
pany told him so much. He would not give that;
he would give as much, wanting about $2,700, and
he would give them no more. Well, there they
were; the two parties in a regular Yankee twist
about it; both manifesting too much of a chaffering,
peddling disposition, tie did not say which was
right. He had no doubt the railroad company tried
to get as much as they could, and the Postmaster
General tried to get it done for as little as possible.
But what he found fault with was, that they higgled
so long about so small a sum upon the performing
of so important a service. Well, they separated
upon that. The Postmaster General entered into
another arrangement. Did he save money by it?
Mr. R. believed not. He had actually expended
more money, rather than yield to this unconscion-
abJedemand. The consequence was, that day after
day, and week after week, this mail—one of the
most important mails in the United States service—
was delayed for days behind the ordinary time of
running. He had as little interest in this as in any
other mail in the United States; but he gave notice
that, if they came west of the mountains and
attempted to perform any such antics, the people
there would have a short way to correct it. Pri-
vate expresses were not unknown there, and just
as long as the Post Office Department sent the mail
along as fast as it could be carried by private en-
terprise, so long would the people patronize the
department, and pay the rates of postage which
were imposed by law; but when the department
attempted to keep the mail back, and by penal
enactments to compel the people to send their mail
matter in it, they would find themselves mistaken.
The thing would not work in the West; he did not
believe if would work anywhere. Go along-; keep
up with the progress of the age; give us intelligence
in the earliest possible manner; charge us reason-
ably or unreasonably, but go along; we will not
be delayed. In this matter time was material. It
was admitted upon all hands that this delay ought
to be done away with. Although he felt little per-
sonal interest in the matter, he felt it was due to
the people of the United" States that it should be
attended to. That they should stop and higgle in
a question of this importance for the sum of $2,700,
and delay the whole mail communication of the
country over this route for days at a time, appeared
to him like practising upon the old adage, " penny
wise and pound foolish."
But, then, a great principle was to be maintained
here. Why, nobody would vote censure upon the
head of the Post Office Department; nobody would
set an example by which other companies could
take advantage. Could other companies get away
fiom the contracts into which they had entered,
and which every man knew the Postmaster Gen-
eral had obtained on as favorable terms as possible?
Mr. R. repeated that the main question was, had
we better employ this railroad company to trans-
port the mail, though we gave them $2,700 more
than the department had offered them—more than
the service was really worth ? He was willing to
admit, for the sake of argument—though he did
not know it to be so—but, admitting it, should
this important mail be delayed, and sent around
by a circuitous route of four hundred miles, for
the mere sake of saving $2,700? But we did not
save it. We had already lost more than $2,700
by the delay; and if the arrangement was kept up
six months, the Government would lose not only
$.2,700, but $27,000. How? The people inter-
ested in the expeditious performance of this mail
service would not submit to such delay.- They
would establish private expresses. Penal enact-
ments might be piled up here, but they could never
be enforced against the common understanding of
the coUhtry that they were absurd and oppressive.
He repeated, he felt very little interest in this'mat-
ter. He did not know but it would have'keen
better for this department, for the present headof
the department, and for £he whole country, that
■ this arrangement should remain as established,
until a lesson was taught, which it was important'
for the head o^the department to learn, and to learn
speedily, that it would not do to delay the mails,
and then dream that the business and the entire
community could be compelled by penal enact-
ments to wait for them. No; they must be sent
ahead; the whole country demanded it. There
was as great a disposition to hurry mail matter
through as there was among travellers to hurry
along; and jt was very well known that in the case
of most persons, let them have little business or
none at all, they would patronize the fastest boat,
or the fastest conveyance. It-was no matter
whether they were at the end of their journey in
one day or five days; if there was a line by which
they could reach it in eleven hours, they would be
sure to take it. And so in private concerns; he
said that men would not stop to higgle for a dollar
or two when serious delay would be the conse-
quence.
The gentleman from Illinois gave it as his opin-
ion, that the moment the question was settled that
this company could not get any more, they would
take the contract, and not be willing to give it up
for $10,000 per annum. He did not doubt the
honesty of that opinion, but he must doubt the
reasoning on which it was predicated. No doubt
the company would do it if it was for their inter-
est; they went for their interest; but there was one
fact stated, that upon this railroad there was at-
tached to the locomotive a train of three cars—a
very heavy business ! A daily train of three cars!
When they carried the mail, they devoted one of
these cars to mail matter, and the other two to
f eight and passengers. Mr. R. denied the justicc
of the gentleman's comparing this railroad to the
railroads in Massachusetts, New York, Ohio, or
Michigan. Three cars in a daily train! one go-
ing to carry Uncle Sam's mail and the other two
for freight and passengers, and ther company de-
manding more for carrying the mail upon such an
extensive establishment than they would in Mas-
sachusetts or New York! His colleague [Mr.
Schenck] suggested that when they do the business
by rptail, they always charge more. This was ex-
ceedingly retail. [A laugh.] Another fact in this
connection: it appeared that about one-tenth of the
receipts of this company were for carrying the
mail. Then one-third of their force earned one-"
tenth of their income; and that, it was contended,
was unreasonable! He knew nothing about it,
but so it was stated. Instead of the company be-
ing so anxious to carry the mail as to be willing
to pay $10,000 for the privilege, he said that, how-
ever it might be done in Virginia, in the back-
woods of the West the company would be likely
to offer themselves to private expresses to trans-
port for them the mail by direct and expeditious
route, while the Government mail was delayed
and sent by a circuitous route for the sake of a
small saving.
The gentleman from Illinois, in maintaining the
reasonableness of the compensation offered by the
Postmaster General, of $237, less 32 per cent, per
mile upon the river, referred to the fact that the
mail was carried on the Hudson, between New
York and Troy, for $100 per mile. One reason
for this, Mr. R. supposed, was, that they could
not do all the business there with three cars. An-
other reason was, that they did not go in the win-
ter. This line had to run constantly, winter and
summer. The gentleman from Illinois certainly
did not suppose that mails were carried by steam-
boat between New York and Troy during the
winter.
Mr. RICHARDSON (interposing) was under-
stood to say that he believed the Postmaster Gen-
eral's report stated that, for three months in the
year, the mail was not carried on this route.
Mr. ROOT, continuing: Well,forthree months
they did not carry it, and during that time they
co4uld not run for $>237 per mile. H« referred tQ
