110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan.
nther reasons why the mail service could be per-
formed for less compensation upon the Hudson
and other routes* One of these was, the great !
competition existing between the different lines, :
and the advantage which the carrying the mail ,
gave. Passengers would take the line by which t
the mail was carried, even though it went no j
faster.
In concluding, Mr. R. repeated that the single 1
question to be consider*! was, for how much could <
this servicc be obtained ? The company might ask |
$2,700 more than was a fair compensation, but j
would it not be better to give them £.2,700 and I
have the mail expedited, than to have it delayed :
and the revenues of the department seriously im- i
paired, as he thought they would be. A bad pre- ;
cedent! Was there any danger of setting prece- i
dents, at this day, by which people were to be I
incited to plunder this Government? In war, and
paving more per month for old steamboats than '
their whole value, we were talking about this bad j
precedent of paying £2,700 more than it was said
to be worth for the transportation of the mail for a
year for one hundred and thirty miles, and upon '
one of the most important routes in the country.
For these reasons, he differed with the committee.
He did not feel bound to inquire whether this com-
pany made as favorable an offer as they could
afford; but he confined himself to the question,
whether it would not be better to give them the
sum which they demanded than to dispense with ,
their services. He was of the opinion it would be.
Air. JONES, of Tennessee, obtained the floor;
and, indications being given of a desire that the
committee rise, he inquired of the Chair, in case
this subject were not disposed of to-day, whether
it would continue before the committee as the spe-
cial order?
The CHAIRMAN replied that, in his opinion,
it would so continue until disposed of.
On motion of Air. JONES, the committee then
rose, and
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 5, 1848.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Treasurer of the United States,
accompanied by accounts of receipts and disburse-
ments for the Post Office Department for the year
ending 30th June, 1847.
PETITIONS.
Mr. HALE presented the petition of the heirs
of Moses White, deceased, a revolutionary officer,
praying to be allowed arrears of pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DICKINSON presented additional docu-
ments in relation to the claim of John Lorimer
Graham; which were referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. YULEE presented the petition of the
widow and legal repiesentatives of Reuben Las-
Siter, deceased, piaymg compensation for a slave
shot by a party of volunteers in the service of the
United States in the Seminole war; which was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Air. SEVIER presented the petition of Albert
Pine, praying that compensation may be made to
a company of Arkansas cavalry, commanded by
him, for horses lost or stolen while in the service
of the United States; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CAA1ERON presented the petition of Su-
san C. Randall, widow of Archibald Randall, late
District Judge of the United States for the East-
ern District uf Pennsylvania, praying compensa-
tion for services rendered by her late husband as
circuit judge; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the judiciary.
Air. CASS presented the petition of William
Wondbridge and Henry Chipman, late judges of
the United States, in the Territory of Michigan,
praying compensation for services not incident to
{heir judicial office; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Air. DIX. presented the petition of Alary M.
Foot, widow of Lyman Foot, late a surgeon in
the armv, pravmg* that provision may be made
for herself and Vannly, in consequence of the death
of her husband while in the discharge of his duty
in Mexico; which wa.3 referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Atr. DIX presented the petition of Marvin W.
Fisher, praying compensation for the use of his
invention for charging percussion caps by the
Government, and the purchase of his patent right;
which was referred to the Committee on Alilitary
Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented addi-
tional documents relating to the petition of Hugh
W. Dobbin; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Air. DICKINSON presented the petition of cer-
tain citizens of the county of Orleans, New York,
praying that the franking privilege may be abol-
ished, and that the rates of postage on newspapers
be reduced; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Air. ASHLEY gave notice that, on to-morrow,
he should ask leave to introduce a bill to alter and
amend the judicial system of the United States.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, gave notice that,
on to-morrow, he should ask leave to introduce a
bill to provide for the survey of the mouth of the
Red river, in the State of Louisiana.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. CLAYTON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to :
Revolted, '1 hat the Committee on Printing be instructed
to inquire and itpcirt why non« of the copies of the Presi-
dent":? Messa*e, with documents, or of ttie repuris uf the
Secretaries and Po-tnisi--tfcr General, wjth dofuiiiPiits. havp
been furnished lor the use at the Senate, and when the
} said copies may be furnished by the Printers.
| Agreeably to notice, Air. HUNTER asked and
j obtained leave to bring in a bill to authorize the
1 payment of equitable commissions to the agents
: or attorneys of persons in whose favor awaids
! have been made under three several treaties be-
, tween the United States and certain foreign Pow-
: ers, which awards have been retained in the treas-
: ury in payment of debts due to the United States;
; which was read the first and second times by
- unanimous consent, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
' Agreeably to notice, Air. JOHNSON, of Mary-
land, asked and obtained leave to bring m a bill
for the relief of the legal representatives of Mar-
tin Fenwick; which was read the first and second
1 times by unanimous consent, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
REPORTS FROjVI COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Aiaryland, from the Com-
■ mittee on Commerce, to whom had been referred
; the memorial of the American Colonization Socie-
;j ty, reported a bill exempting vessels employed by
ii the American Colonization Society in transporting
:l colored emigrants from the United States to the
coast of Africa, from the provisions of the acts of
22d of February and 2d of March, 1847, regu-
lating the cairiage of passengers in merchant ves-
sels ; which was read, and passed to the second
reading.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom had been referied the memorial
of Richard S. Coxe, made a report upon the sub-
ject, accompanied by a bill for ins relief.
The bill was read, and passed to the second
reading.
Ordered, That the report be printed.
Air. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom had been referred the bill to repeal the
act of 2d of March, 1837, entitled "An act con-
cerning pilots," reported it withoutamendment.
Air. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom had been referred the bill making an
appropriation for removing obstructions in the
Savannah river, reported it without amendment.
Air, RUSK, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom was referred the petition
of Thomas N. Welsh, submitted a report, accom-
panied by the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate do
send the petition and other papers accompanying
it to the Secretary of War, with this report.
The Senate proceeded, by unanimous consent,
to consider the said resolution; and the resolution
was agreed to.
Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee of
Claims, to whom had been referred the memorial
of George Harvey, made a report thereon, accom-
panied by the following resolution:
Resolved, That the prayer of George Harvey,
agent for the owners and consignees of the Eng-
lish ship James Mitchell, ought not to be granted.
Ordered, That the report be printed.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Campbell, their
Clerk:
Air. President: The House of Representatives
have passed a bill making further provisions for
surviving widows of the soldiers of the Revolu-
tion, in which they request the concurrence of the
Senate.
The President of the United States yesterday
approved and signed the enrolled bill entitled "An
act making appropriations to supply in part a de-
ficiency m the appropriations for subsistence in
kind, of the army and volunteers during the year
ending June 30, 1848."
The bill from the House of Representatives
making further provisions for surviving widows
of the soldiers of the Revolution was read the first
and second time by unanimous consent, and refer-
i red to the Committee on Pensions.
The engrossed bill for the relief of Thomas
| Rhodes was read a third time.
Resolved, That this bill pass, and that the title
theieof be as aforesaid.
Ordered, That the Secretary request the con-
currence of the House of Representatives in this
bill.
The bill to authorize the appointment of As-
sistant Pursers in the navy was passed by infor-
mally.
. PRIVATE BILLS.
The following bills were severally read a second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole:
Bill for the relief of Foxall A. Parker, of the
United States navy.
Bill for the relief of the heirs of Andrew D.
Crosby.
Bill for the relief of William A. Christian.
On motion by Air. SEVIER, it was
Ordered, That they severally lie on the table.
BOUNTY LAND WARRANTS,
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill to allow further time
for satisfying claims for bounty lands for military
services in the late war with Great Britain, and for
j other purposes.
1 Air. SEVIER said he hoped the chairman of the
committee from which this bill was reported would
explain the reason which existed for its passage.
This tfas a rule which had been generally followed
heretofore. There are (continued A'tr. S.) exten-
sive tracts of land reserved for military bounty
land, which land is exempted from taxation, much
to the injury of the districts in which they ,ie. I
think it is tune that this system should be put an
end to. Theie may be individual cases which are
deserving of special legislation; but we ought to
pause, I think, before we adopt any general law
embracing a class of cases which have been already
provided for, more especially when we all know
that doubtful claims of thirty years' standing
invariably grow stronger and better as they grow
older.
Air. BREESE. This bill was introduced to the
notice of the Senate by the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, who is not now in his seat. It wa3
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
received an attentive consideration. I apprehend
that the honorable Senator from Arkansas is en-
tnely mistaken as to the scope and objcct of the
bill. This bill is intended to meet cases where
parties holding land warrants have neglected to
locate their claims. The law relating to such cases
expired m July last, and persons who have ap-
plied since that time for their lands have not been
able to obtain them. There is no danger, as the
gentleman supposes, in extending tins law. We
do not know the number of unlocated claims
growing out of the Revolution and the late -war,and
it is merely proposed to extend the law relating to
them for five years longer. It is never too late to
do justice,
Mr. SEVIER. Aly honorable friend is entirely
mistaken m regard to this bill. There are large
tracts of land in my own State, and in Maine,
which have been set apart to satisfy the claims of
die soldteis of the last war. The names of the
claimants are put into a box and drawn out con-
