114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 5,
Such men went to the wars with spirit, courage,
and ambition. They had homes to which to re-
turn, and trusted to bling back good names. That
was'the feeling that sustained them and enabled
them, with but little discipline, to accomplish
everything in the field. For all the reasons which
he had urged, he therefore hoped that the amend-
ment would be adopted in preference to the origi-
nal bill.
He had already said that lie had no captious
spint about thts thing at all; and he had avoided
tmv allusion to parties. He did not wish to re-
live the controversy about the war. The question
before them did not require it. Supposing the war
to be ever so just—their desires of conquest ever
so unlimited—in his judgment, they had already a
force capable of accomplishing everything. He
was therefore opposed to the additional expense,
and the exposure of additional thousands of his
countrymen to the dangers of that climate. Let
the Piesident have the power of calling for thirty
regiments of volunteers, and he can have thern im-
mediately, if he believed that they were needed.
Mr. CASS said he had but one remark to make.
The honorable Senator fiom Kentucky, with an
emphasis not to be mistaken, talked about the
moral effect to be produced by the presence of the
fore. They would do stern duty to the utmost, j,
so long as they were kept in motion, and would jj
do it with the more alacrity as the danger was the 'j
more pressing. But the moment they stopped, !
then a spirit of dissatisfaction would begin to !
spread, increasing the more, the longer they re- !;
mained stationary. The duties of the camp and '
the post, of policc, and all the routine of sta- ,
t tionary service, was irksome to them. And for
that reason, they yielded more readily to the dis- j,
eases of the climate than the regular soldiers. ,<
Every one knew, that the strict suboidination in ';
which the regular soldier was held, contributed
essentially to the health and efficiency of the army. '
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he did not wish to
| continue the discussion, much less a controversy
I on the subject. Ke confessed that he did not yet
! understand exactly what the Senator meant by the
I moral effect which he intended to produce. Had ,
I the Senator ever sat down, and, according to any 'i
| rule of philosophy, calculated how many men
> with arms by their side were necessary to pro- (
j duce the moral effect of which he spoke? or how
' many men with arms in their hands were needed
I for the same purpose? Did he not see that if war .
j was to he carricd on, or military objects effected
in that way, how completely they were under the 1
army in Mexico. He (Mr. C.) had used the term t| moral influence of the Mexicans? There they
'•moral effect," but he did not say an effect of
morality. He did wish to produce a moral effect, ;
as contradistinguished from the physical effect of '
their military operations. There was nothing at j
aO in the remark to justify the little slur of the !
Senator, and surely it must have been apparent to j
ail, that it was a great deal better to intimidate j
than to kill the Mexicans. The Senator had asked '•
him how many troops were needed to produce that j
moral effect; and, in reply, he could only say, that j
he intended to vote for the bill, because it provided j
such an augmentation of the military force in Mex- ]
ico as w>uid be likely to produce that desirable j
effect. The Senator could hardly expert a state- |
rrient of the force necessary* to be given with math- i
ematical precision.' !
Mr. CRITTENDEN only wished to know how j
the Senator would employ his additional force? i
Mr. CASS said he would answer the Senator i
with a great deal of pleasure. They might sup- ;
pose a case in which a nation might sit down, ;
every imm, woman, and child, to be killed. But '
it never has been so, and never will be so in Mex- :
ico. The national obstinacy will stop at a point '
far short of this. He believed that they must 1
occupy the posts which they had taken, and extend ,
their lines of communication as far as necessary— ;
the great roads to the east and to the west. There j
were other great positions also to be occupied. j
No man could point them out who was not well i
acquainted with the topography of their country. !
There were some positions that appeared very
advantageous; among these would appear to be
Gtueretero, which stood at the junction of the joint
line of communication between northern and west-
ern Mexico, and it would probably he difficult to
open the communication between that region and the
country now held by us. As he remarked yester-
day, the rich mineral region of Zacatecas and San
Luis must also be taken and held. They must
either withdraw or extend their operations, and
remain inactive. The former course was out of
the question, and the latter would leave an inter-
minable war upon our hands. We must of neces-
sity extend our operations—wisely, indeed, as
circumstances might require, but rapidly as the
amount of force would allow.
With respect to the remarks of the Senator with
reference to the volunteers and regulars, he had
only to say, that he believed that a mixed force
was by far the best. He believed that tlio regu-
lars submitted better to wholesome discipline and
restraint, than men who elected their own officers.
The honorable Senator himself knew the fact from
his own expeiience. The enlisted soldier became
a part of tne army, part of a great machine, and
the principal duty he had to learn was the duty of
o! e hence. All this wjs known and felt by every
ii a i who became a recruit in the regular army.
IS of so with the volunteers. The honorable Sen-
ator here did not volunteer with any such state of j
feeling, nor, indeed, could it be so from the com- j
position of both ofH -era and men. They were !
formed of the very best material our country af- j
forded. They had gone into battl*, and had fought, ■
he was about to say, as men never had fought be- 1
were, ten or fifteen thousand strong, in the heart
of Mexico, with ten millions of people. Mexico
had, therefore, a hundred thousand to one; and
therefore, in order to counteract the " moral ef-
fect," if mere numbers produced it, it must be
necessary for the United States to send nine or
ten millions to Mexico. It would certainly he
necessaiy to do that, in order to counteract the
moral influence of the present overwhelming num-
ber of Mexicans! No, it was not mere numbers
that produced " moral effect:" it w-as the battles
of Buena Vista, Chapultepec, Contreras, and
Churubusco. These were the great witnesses
which produced effects—witnesses of the power
of one party, the subjugation and conquest of the
other. It was the arms of the United States that .
had produced the moral effect. They had pros- '
tratcd Mexico. She felt it and knew it. She was
now nothing but a huge undigested mass of van- ■
ity and faction. Her armies had been scattered,
her authorities broken to pieces; and it was to
protect themselves in the midst of such a people
as that, that 30,000 men were pionouuced insuffi-
cient, needing a reinforcement of 10,000 regulars
and 20,000 volunteers. The law at pre?ent gave
the privilege of recruiting 8,600 men for the regu-
lar army. When these men were raised, where
would be the necessity for more? Would they
recruit more than that number in the course of the.
present year? They did recruit a few more during
the last year—11,000 men. But, in six months,
was it likely that any more would be recruited by
two sets of recruiting officers at the same places?
Mr. CASS. The Senator had asked if more
could be raised by two sets of recruiting: officers in
the same places. But it was not intended to send
the two sets to the same places.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, then said: It is not
my purpose at this time to go into a discussion of
the ren-regiment bill, but to address myself espe-
cially to the amendment of the Senator from Ken-
tucky. I have been surprised at the introduction
of that amendment; I certainly did not expect it.
The gentleman has riot anticipated the ground
upon wnich I would opposethe substitution of that
amendment for the bill. He seems to rest it on
the supposition that we are to oppose the substitu-
tion of volunteers for regulars because regulars are
better than volunteers. I take no such inound,
and fortunately stand in an attitude in which I can
have no prejudices for one or the other, having
served with both. But, sir, the question lies deep-
er and far beyond the mere availability of the one
over the other. And I would say to the honora-
ble Senator from Kentucky, who has seen service,
that if he will revert to the period when he return-
ed from his campaign, and met the aged patriot,
who wrung his hand and enquired for his son who
hod died on the field of battle—when he met the
mother who,with tears streaming down hercheeks,
put to him the same question, he will at once say,
however necessary it may be to call forth the chiv-
alry of the country to fight its battles, let us not
send such men, to be wasted in the mere duties of
the sentinel, by the attacks of disease and an un-
friendly climate, whilst engaged in a service where
neither patriotism is elicited, nor glory is to be
won. If this country were invaded, I would turn
to the great body of the militia—for 1 use the terms
" volunteers "and " militia " assynonymous—for
its defence. Hut when we carry on a foreign war,
and especially when defensive operations, merely,
are carried on, we have reached a point where ieg*
ulais are the force which should be employed in
the nice routine of the service, in which the duties
are not sufficiently important to justify that disrup-
1 tion of society, that injury to (he commercial in-
terests of the country, which would result from
qringing' out men of that high class, which the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky has correctly said
constitutes the great body of the volunteers. There
is a great difference in the material of the volun-
teers" and the regular force. There is an enthusi-
asm that spreads over every neighborhood when
the call for volunteers goes forth. When Ken-
1 tucky is called on to send her regiment, arid every
; county its company, an enthusiasm bursts out
; everywhere, and the State pours forth its best ma-
' terial—material too good for common use.
! The ejenileman inquires why it is that we pre-
fer regulars? I will answer: we prefer regulars,
first, because they are cheaper: secondly, because
, they can be maintained rn better discipline. They
! will maintain a better state of police. They
will be healthier, and therefore more effective, in
proportion to their numbers, for mere gairison
dimes. As long as you keep the high-bred gen-
, tlemen for the battle, they will bear any privation,
, submit to every restraint, and discharge to the
utmost every duty. But do you expect that those
men, who have broken all the endearing ties of
' home in order to fight their country's battles, will
' sacrifice themselves to the mere duties of the sen-
tinel—will be content with the performance of the
• police of a garrison? Will they be suited better
for the one, or as well for the other, as men of a
lower grade in society, and more accustomed to
such duties?
But the gentleman has made an argument which
I regard as more congenial to his feelings. He
has alluded to the gallantry of the army, and the
battles won by small forces, affording evidence
asrainst the necessity of this increase of our force.
But it is one thing to beat the enemy and another
to hold him in subjection, and the argument of the
honorable Senator, which rests upon the sunpo-
sition that Mexico is conquered,! hold to be by
no means indisputable. Is Mexico conquered?
i Is any part of it conquered? Conquest, as laid
down by some writers, is of three kinds. Ruin is
one of these kinds of conquest; but we have not
, ruined Mcxico, and God forbid we ever should.
; The moral feeling of this country would never just-
• ify such a course. Another mode of conquest is,
1 to hold a country by controlling its government,
j That is not suited to the genius of our country,
i We send no proconsul abroad — no provincial
army to direct the government of the country.
! We recognize as the great basis of all institutions
, self-government. The other mode of conquest is
i by colonizing a country. We cannot do that. In
[ neither of these modes, then, have we conquered
' Mexico. We have not even suppressed the hos-
. tility of the Mexican people. I hazard the asser-
, tion, that there is more hostility against us in
: Mexico now than there was at the beginning of
J the war. Mexico is not conquered,
; But the honorable Senator asks, how will you
employ this large force? Not to take cities*, not
, to fight battles. And I agree with him that our
' army could now march through all South America
and defeat every enemy. But we want this force
to hold towns and posts in Mexico—to convince
, the Mexicans that resistance is idle, and beyond
all this, to afford protection to all the citizens of
| Mexico who are ready to recognize our authority
' arid give us supplies. These are some of the great
I objects to be obtained. To effect them, large bod-
ies of men will be needed. We must garrison
:! our posts with forces adequate to make a sortie, if
necessary, and not be shut up when any partisan
i! chief chooses to come and sit down before their
j Again, the army ofGeneral Scott, which achiev-
j> ed such victories before the city of Mexico, did it
at a heavy sacrifice of blood, and that resulted
, from the want of force. The length of thetvimes
1 wnf Or infeiior tn that of the enemy's. Our gal-
lant men fell under the converging fire of (he foe,
and therefore their blood was spilled like water.
