1848,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
American courage, the skill of the officers, and the
science of our incomparable staff, achieved those
victories, and God forbid tha«.t they should ever be
tested again at such a fearful sacrifice. But that
army in its present state is not combined, whilst
there are many posts without a garrison, which we
ought to hold*
Then again, the resources of Mexico, must
contribute to the support of that army. We can-
not afford to keep down anarchy in Mexico at the
expense of our treasury. We must not depend
on the petty amount of property that might be
yrung from the poor rancheros.* Such aT thing
has never been contemplated by our Government,
nor practised by our officers. In Zacatecas you
can nave possession of the mint. In Potosi are
the richest mines in Mexico; and if, as has been
stated, the annual produce of these mines amounts
to nearly twenty-five millions, and we claim the
revenue which the Mexican Government extract-
ed from mining operations, and by protecting the
entrance of goods into tlie country, furnish a new
source of revenue from the duties on imposts, then
we have something to support our armies, with-
out touching private property, and the expenses
of the war are borne by Mexico herself.
The object now is, not to prepare to fight a bat-
tle, but to prevent a battle. The great object now
is, to allow the ability which yet remains in Mex-
ico to establish federal government on republi-
can principles, to exert itself. We have taught
Mexico salutary lessons. We have convinced
them that they are not what they supposed they
were; and 1 hope it will not excite a laugh when I
mention that supposition to have been, that they
were the greatest military power on the continent;
for it was not until after the battle of Buena Vista
that they began to doubt it. Let us now give them
an opportunity to create a government somewhat
stable, and capable of adhering to its obligations.
I reject the idea of taking her Federal Government
under our protection as altogether impracticable,
and because it would certainly tend to render it
odious to the people. Our policy should be direct-
ed by the purest reason and most patriotic motives
to that end which will hasten a peace and leave
Mexico the power to erect again her nationality.
If I believed that this additional force were un-
necessary, I should vote against the bill. If I
believed that regulars were not better calculated to
occupy garrisons, and that the gallantry of our
volunteers in the field should decide this question,
I would vote against it. But I believe the force
to be necessary, and that these regulars arc the
proper force. The Senator from Kentucky spoke
of giving a discretionary power to the President
fo call out thirty thousand volunteers. Well, I
doubt not the wisdom of the Executive—I doubt
not his nerve to encounter that responsibility. I
would be quite willing to make him responsible,
and to rely upon the good feeling, patriotism, and
intelligence of the country, to sustain him in calling
out these men for the present purpose, and still
further for the ultimate object, when the forces
may be reduced, of recalling the volunteers, now
making sacrifices beyond the duty which they un-
dertook to perform. And at this moment, sir, the
honorable Senator from South Carolina, before
me, recalls to my mind, appropriately, in this con-
nection, the fact that the regiment which has cover-
ed the Palmetto State with laurels and cypress, now
numbers only about one hundred and fifty fit for
active servicfe. I would recall that regiment atoncc.
I would return its members to their social and com-
mercial duties, and substitute for them a regular
regiment, equally able to perform, at all events, the
duties they have now to discharge.
I did not rise for the purpose of making any
extended remarks, and have been led to say more
than I intended. I hope the amendment will not
be adopted.
Mr. CALHOUN said that there were two or
three points of difficulty still unexplained in an-
swering the objection to the bill. If he understood
aright the Senator from Kentucky, during a periud
of the last fifteen months not more than about
eleven thousand recruits had been enlisted.
Mr. CASS here interposed, and said that the
Senator from Kentucky was in error. More than
twenty thousand had been enlisted in the course
of little more than a year.
Mr. CRITTENDEN referred to .the report of
the Adjutant General, to show that the number
was but a little over eleven thousand
Mr. CASS explained that that was exclusive of
the new regiments which had been raised.
Mr. CALHOUN continued: He would, then,
assume the number stated by the chairman of the
Military Committee. only twenty thousand
men were raised during the last year, it was very
evident that in the present state of the market—for
the recruiting had taken up a great deal of the loose
portions of society disposed to enlist—it would be
very difficult indeed to raise, during the present
year, the men necessary to fill these ten additional
regiments. Well, they had been told that this ad-
ditional force was required immediately, when, in
all probability, with the strongest recruiting force,
it could not be obtained in less than six or eight
months after the passage of the bill, allowing the
^greatest success. Yet they had begn emphatically-
told that this force was so immediately necessary,
that not a day could be allowed here for debate.
He did not doubt that regulars were the best de-
scription of force. He wished to know if the
eight thousand included the entire deficit.
Mr. GASS replied, that the general deficiency
amounted to eight thousand men.
Mr. CALHOUN. That, added to the ten regi-
ments, would make eighteen thousand or twenty
thousand to be raised. Then the defect must be
in the recruiting service. Eight thousand was very
near the number which it was proposed to raise by
this bill; and yet a deficit to that extent existed in
the present force. The remedy seemed to be in
the creation of a sufficient number of recruiting
officers—-not of generals nor colonels—not of offi-
cers of the higher grades, but of officers suited for
that service.
This business of war was a serious one. War
created the "means of its own continuance. It
called into being mighty influences which were
interested in carrying it on; and few nations ever
terminated war, so long qs they possessed the
means of carrying it on. A single regiment could
not be raised without the creation of new interests
in favor of the war. If these views were coirect,
the cheaper plan would be to strengthen the re-
cruiting service, rather than create additional regi-
ments, officers and all. The volunteers, if their
services were needed, could be called out at once.
The spirit of gallantry which characterized the
people, was not yet exhausted, notwithstanding
the disasters of the war, as far as deaths were con-
cerned,.and all the regiments had been thinned to
an extraordinary extent. He presumed that the
mortality had been not less than twenty per cent.
Yet recruits, he had no doubt, could be still had
plentifully. If, then, the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs wanted nn immediate aug-
mentation of the military force, he should ask for
volunteers. \
He (Mr. C.) was glad to perceive that the Sen-
atorfrom Mississippi [Mr. Davis] was notaverse to
a defensive line at the proper time. In his (Mr.C.'s)
opinion, the present was the proper time. In view of
that policy he would prefer regulars to volunteers.
He objected, though, to regulars, because that
force gave greatly increased patronage, and greatly
added influence to the support of the war. He
knew not how other gentlemen felt; but as for him-
self, he was convinced that the patronage of this
Government had gone beyond all bounds, and
already exercised a most dangerous control over
the deliberations of Congress. He felt the awk-
wardness of his position. He was utterly averse
to pursuing this war for any view yet presented,
even taking the strong view presented by the Sen-
ator from Mississippi. He put it to that gentle-
man, Was there any certainty of peace? and if
not, where would the country stand? That was
the question. It would be in a position worse than
ever. Every step they took only plunged them
deeper and deeper into difficulty. If his memory
served him, the Secretary of the War Department
stated seventy thousand men as adequate to con-
quer and hold in subjection all Mexico. Was
that not the view of the Secretary? Fie could not
at the moment lay his hand on the report of the
War Department; but if he had not correctly stated
the views of the Secretary, any Senator could set
the matter right. The Secretary then disavowed
the plan of entire subjugation. The Executive
disavowed it; and yet a force, according to the
Senator from Kentucky, of ninety or one hundred
thousand men, was demanded. He could not be-
lieve that it was the intention of the Executive,
because it had been again and again disavowed.
But when he saw such a force asked for in the
report of the Secretary; when he saw, in the Pres-
ident's message, the declaration which he had
quoted yesterday, to the effect that he himself be-
lieved, that unless in a certain contingency they
must take possession of the country, and take the
measure of the indemnity into our own hands, he
could not but think that there was a strongim-.
pression on all sides that the end would be to con-
quer and hold Mexico.
If they could have the question firtst submitted
to the deliberative consideration of that body, and
it were decided what was to be the proper course
of conducting this war; if it were known whether
they were to go on, or take a defensive line, they
would then act understanding!)'. But voting and
voting, without knowing what was to be ultimately
done, threw him, and lie believed every member
of the Senate, into a state of great difficulty to
i determine how to vote.
The question was then taken upon agreeing to
the amendment proposed by Mr. Crittenden, and
it was determined in the negative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Berrien, Clarke,
Clayton, Corwin, Crittenden, Dayton, Greene, Hale, Man-
gum, Miller, Pearee. Phelps, Spruanee, Underwood, Up-
haw. and Webster—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley. Atchison, Atherton, Brad-
bury, Btee.-e, Butler. Cameron,'Ca^, Davis of Mississip-
pi, Dickinson, Dix, Douglas, Down-.. FeJuh, Foote, Ilan-
nesan. Hunter, Jwhn^on of Ma1 viand, Johnson of Lou-
isiana, Mason, Rusk, Sovier, Simgeon, Turney, and West-
oott—3d.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, moved to amend
the bill, by inserting, in the 5th line of the first sec-
tion, after the word "Piesident," the words, "if
m his opinion the exigencies of the war require
such a further increase of force."
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment being made,4he bill was
reported to the. Senate.
The amendment having been concurred in, the
question was upqn ordering the bill, as amended,
to be engrossed and read a third time.
It was suggested that the bill might be ordered
to be engrossed, and the question on its passage
deferred until to-morrow.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a-
third time.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 6, 1848.
The Journal o f yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER commenced t|ie call of the
States for petitions, commencing at the Territory
of Wisconsin; when
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve,
itself into Committee of the Whole on the special
order; which was agreed to.
GREAT SOUTHERN MAIL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole (Mr. Smith, of Indiana,
in the chair) on the joint resolution concerning
the transportation of the mail from Washington
south.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, who was entitled
to the floor from last evening, addressed the com-
mittee. As a member of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, which reported the
resolution now under consideration, and disagree-
ing with the majority of that committee, he de-
sired to trespass upon the patience of the com-
mittee for a short time, in order to submit a few
reasons why he occupied the position that he did
with reference to this question.
He had endeavored to give to this controversy
between the Post Office Department and the Rich-
mond and Fredericksburg Railroad and Potomac
Steamboat Companies a fair, a candid, an^mpar-
tial investigation; and, iri order to the full under-
standing of this question, it seemed to him it was
right that they should lopk to the several laws
which had been passed by Congress for the gov-
ernment of the Postmaster General in making
contracts with such-companies for the transporta-
tion of the mail. They should look, also, to the
time at which they were passed, at the cncum-
stances and causes which induced their passage.
They found that the first law on this subject
was the act of July, 1838. [Mr. J. read an ex-
tract from the law. It enacts, in substance, that
each and every railroad within the limits of the
