116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 6,
United States which was then completed, or there- |
after might be, should be considered a post route,
and the Postmaster Genera! should cause to be ;!
transported thereon the mail of the United States, ;j
provided the service can be obtained on reasonable j
terms; and provides that he shall not pay there- il
for, in any instance, more than twenty-five per -\
centum over and above what similar transporta- ;
tion might cost in post-coaches.] 'j
This law of 1838 (continued Mr. J.) declared
every railroad in the United States a post route, ■
and required the Postmaster General to have trans- 1
ported over these post routes, over these railroads,
the mail of the United States, under two reslric- ;
tions: the one, that he could get it done for a fair ;
and reasonable compensation; and the other lim- •
ited the compensation not to exceed 25 per centum 1
over and above what "similar transportation" '
would cost in post-coaches. ,
This law was passed in July, 1838. In Decem-
ber of that year, Mr. Kendall, then Postmaster ;
General, reported to the President, and through i
the President to Congress, his action under that '
law—the construction v, hich he had given to that '
low. He informed Congress and the country that
he had found great difficulty in arriving at what .
Congress meant by " similar transportation." He
■very properly reasoned that it could not have refer-
ence to the speed of the mail, because no post-coo oh
could come in competition, in point of speed, with ;
a railroad car. He says, also, that Congress could
not have meant by " similar transportation" the ,
same mail; for, if it had intended the same, it '!
would have used the word same instead of " simi- >
lar." The rule, then, which he adopted was this :
He informed Congress,and through Congress the
country, that he had taken the highest compensa-
tion then paid upon any post road in the United
States for the daily transportation of the great
western mail from Baltimore to Wheeling, from
Wheeling to Columbus, and thence on west; and
the highest rate paid on that route at that time,
Mr. Kendall informed Congress, was §190 per
mile per annum. This, then, being the highest
compensation paid where the mail was carried in
post-coaches, the railroads employed to carry the
mail could not be thought m justice to have any
reason to complain—they never did then com-
plain—at taking compensation of 25 per centum
more. It was tiue th:s western route y/as over a
better road than that between this c.ty and Rich-
mond, which the gentleman from Virginia yester-
day sp^ce of as one of marshes and quagmires.
But what was the compensation then paid from
this city to Richmond, the service for which w4as
to be superseded by this route ? It was g5,445.
Then, if Mr. Kendall had selected this same mail,
insteajj of the great mail over the Cumberland
road, and added 25 per centum, it would have
made the sum of six thousand eight hundred and
some odd dollars which lie would have paid to this
company, being §52 per mile, instead of s'237 30,
which he offered thctn under his construction of
the law, arrived at m the way he took, by select-
ing the compensation paid for the transportation
of the mail over the Cumberland road in post-
coaches, (which was the highest compensation
paid in the United States,) and adding thereto 25
per centum.
When the Postmaster General gave this con-
struction to the law, all the railroads throughout
the country who were then called upon to carry 1
the mad, acceded, he believed, to the proposition
made by the department, acquiesced in the con-
struction of the Postmaster General, and took the '
mails at $237 50 per mile; eyery one, he believed, '
except the road now under consideration between
this city and Richmond. That road declined. But
shortly after (hat, shortly after Mr. Kendall made
his report in December, 1833, he knew not for '
what teuse, but from some cause, perhaps from
the indications manifested in Congiess in relation
to the subject, ihis Richmond and Fredericksburg '
railroad acceded to the terms prescribed by Mr.
Kendall, the Postmaster General, and contracted 1
with the department for carrying the mail upon
their railroad for $237 50 per mile per annum from
the 1st of January, 183!), to the 1st of January,
1843. This was over the i ail road part of the route
from Fredericksburg to Richmond. That settled
the construction, it seemed, which Mr. Kendall ;
gave to the law, and ail the railroad enmosnies ■
throughout the country acquiesced in that decision.
Not one of them, after the 1st of January, 1839,
contended that the department had any power to
pay more than §237 50 per mile for a daily mail.
But another difficulty arose which induced the
passage of the law of the 25th of January, 1839.
[Mr. J. read an extract from this law. It pro-
vided in substance, that the Postmaster General
should not, m virtue of the authority vested in
him by the law of 1838, allow more than $300 per
mile for the conveyance of one or more daily mails
over any post route.]
Now, what gave rise to the necessity of the pas-
sage of this law? Was it that Mr. Kendall, then
Postmaster General, had given a wrong; construc-
tion to the act of 1838? Was it that the railroads
of the country refused to carry the mail at the
compensation he offered them ? He did not so un- .
derstand it. But when the Postmaster General "■
gave that construction adding 25 per cent, over and
above the $190 per mile paid on the Cumberland i
road, making this $237 51) now offered to this rail- :
road by the present Postmaster General for trans- ji
poi ting a daily mail, other railroads—the road from i
Washington to Baltimore, from Baltimore to Phil-
adelphia, and from Philadelphia to New York—
over which the mail was transposed twice a day,
camc forward and said, Why, Mr. Postmaster
General, you have, under the law of 1838, given
such a construction as to pay to railroads §937 50
for one daily mail. Is it reasonable—is it just
that we should carry two mails per day, and re-
ceive only the same compensation? Now, in or-
, der, as he understood, to obviate this difficulty,
1 and to settle this question also, Mr. Kendall hnn-
■ self drew up this section of the law, and it was
, introduced and passed through both Houses of
. Congress, and became a law of the land. Well,
: why did he put in "one or more daily mails?"
He understood the reason was, that it occurred to
, him, if the law said more than one daily mail,
, these companies wou'd come forward and say,un-
i der the law of 1838, we are entitled, by your own
j construction, to §237 50 per mile, and by this sub-
; sequent act we are entitled to receive $300 for an
additional daily mail, thus making, .is he feared,
' s537 50 per mile, instead of $237 50. He con-
i sequently put in one or more daily mails, and the ;
1 law accordingly provided that he should not give
; moie than §300 per mile per annum for " one or
. more daily mails."
! Well, if the act of 18.39 had stopped there, it
would have been, in his (Mr. J. V) opinion, though
he was not versed in the le°:ii rules of construction;
■ it would have seemed to his plain, unsopliistica'ed,
i common-sense view of the question, that it would
i have been a virtual repeal of the act of 1838, and
j would have authorized the Postmaster General to
! pay 0300 per mile for one or more daily mails over
| these railroads. Then, in order to authorize the
i Postmaster General to pay more for double daily
• service than he had done for single felly mails,
i this act of 1839 was passed. Butj in view of the
. construction which Mr. Kendall had placed upon
, the act of 1838, which he had reported fully to
: Congress, (and he had reported v/hat he had offer-
ed to this very company,) he said, having offered a'l
that the law admitted and more than justice or good
' policy would sanction, had not the iaw been pess-
i ed, the department would not feel itself responsible
for any delay which might ensue, and the details
: were given that Congress mightcorrect the matter,
| if to them it seemed necessary.
Now, with this express declaration before them,
I the Congress of 1839 passed this act prohibiting
! the Postmaster General from paying more than
i ^300 per nu!e per annum for one or more daily
i mails. But then, in order to continue in force the
l law of 1838, and sustain the construction sriven to
that act by Mr. Kendall, a proviso was added to
l thig section, and passed. [Mi. J. read this pro-
: vi^o.]
Now, with Mr. Kendall's construction of that
section—with his action upon that, construction re
, ported to Congress, and his telling them if they
, disagreed with him that they could pass such other
! laws as in right and justice might seem proper.
they passed this proviso of the law of 1839, main-
: taining the law of 1838, and sustaining the con-
; struclion placed up$n it by Mr. Kendall. This
| construction had been acquiesced in by every Post-
master General from that time to the present day.
; Mr. Niles, Mr. Granger, and the present Postmns-
! ter General, all concurred in this opinion; and with
regard to what was said yesterday respecting the
' Attorney General having declined to give an opin-
! ion when called upon by the committee, he had
| only to say, that if the Attorney General's opin-
' ion was asked on the construction of this law, ha
; (Mr. J.) had no knowledge of it.
i Mr. BOTTS explained, and added, with respect
I to his remarks of yesterday as to the opinions of
\ the Cabinet, that there was a slight inaccuracy in
| the published report of them. He did not say that
! perhaps it was not in order to state the opinions of
! the Cabinet, but that he did not know, but had
been informed, that they differed from the Pout-
master General.
Mr, JONES continued: If the opinion of the
; Attorney General had been asked on this subject,
: it had been done without any information on his
, part; but the Attorney General was called upon
1 for his opinion as to the damage to which the bay
company would be entitled if their contract was
i annulled and their service discontinued, The At-
torney General declined to sive any written opin-
ion, but he was willing to give the committee the
benefit of his views and opinions on the subject.
The honorable gentleman then re-stated the pro-
visions of the law governing the Postmaster Gen-
eral, and the acquiescence of various railroad com-
panies in the Postmastel* General's construction of
those laws, and said, if the Postmaster Genera!
could give this company $300 per mile per annum
1 for transporting the mail, the law of 1838 was re-
! pealed, and the proviso of 1839 became a nullity.
| The construction of the present PostmasterGen-
eral, he repeated, had been assented to and sns-
I tained by every Postmaster General since 1838 to
! the present time. It had also been acquiesced in
by every railroad company in the country, with
i the exception of this railroad to the city of Rich-
mond. If, then, the present Postmaster General
was wrong in anything he had done in his nego-
tiations with this company to carry the mail over
! their road, Mr. Kendall and the other Postmaster
Generals since 1838, were wrong also in their
i construction of the law. What was that construc-
i tion? It was, that the Postmaster General could
not give moie than 25 per cent, over the amount
. paid formail transportation instagecoaches, which
;! he had shown was $237 50 per mile per annum.
1 And if this construction was correct, as he be-
' iieved it to be, should it not be continued ? And
at every letting, should not the Postmaster General
ascertain the amount by a fair average of the cost
of post-coach transportation, and to that add 25
percent, as the maximum amount of compensa-
tion to be paid to these companies? Suppose, in-
stead of the cost of post-coach transportation
having come down, it had gone up to $300 per
mile, would not these companies come here and
demand that the 25 per cent, should be. added to
the maximum amount? He claimed to be both a
southern and a western man; he was interested in
ii the welfare and accommodation of both sections;
but he was of opinion that there was as great an
|! extent of country and as large a population sup-
! nlied by the western mail as by the southern
i mail. In fact, he believed there was a greater
: amount of mail matter carried over the Cumber-
land road to the West, by the Ohio river, than
, through Virginia to the South. Nevertheless,
the highest price paid for that western mall
transportation was §115 per mile per annum.
; Carrying out, then, the Postmaster General's
construction of the law—adding 25 per cent, on
il such rates—and the sum was $160 per mile per
i annum for the compensation of this railroad com-
: party, which he was of opinion was on ample
■ compensation for any railroad in the United States.
When the law of 1838 was passed, the mail to
■ Richmond and Fredericksburg was cairied by
steamboats and stage-conches at a charge of §5,445
per annum; but when this railroad was construct-
ed, Mr. Kendall, the then Postmaster General,
offered the contract to that company, but they de-
clined it under his construction of the law. After-
wards, a contract was made at $237 50 per mile per
annum from the 1st of January, 1839, to the 1st
of January, 1843. When that contract expired
and had to be renewed, the company came to Mr.
WicklilTe, the Postmaster General, and urged that
' he was authorized under the law to pay them $300
' per mile per annum, and they said they would not
carry the mail for less. .The Post Office Depart-
ment declined to give them that amount. The de-
partment, sustaining the construction of Mr. Ken-
• • dall, could not accede to the terms they desired to
i' impose. The company then submitted the ques.
