118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 6,
adequate for the purposes designed. It was the j
duty of Congress to provide the necessary mail
facilities, expeditiously as weli as cheaply, espe- ;
cmlly on the main routes, fie was sorry to see i
it made a question by gentlemen on this floor, be-
tween the Postmaster General and the railroad
company. In his judgment, that officer had noth- 1
ing to do with it. He had done his duty accord-
ing to the law, arid the constructions of it, which
had all the force of law. Had he done otherwise, ;
he would have violated his duty. He is, in this ,
matter, the mere agent of the law; and has " eyes ;
to see and tongue to speak" only as it gives them
to liiin. The question was, then, between Con-
gress and the company; and as we are possessed
of it legislatively, and not judicially, we should
dispose of it for the public good. For his part, he
was satisfied, from the statements made to the
committee—and he knew nothing more of it—that
the price asked was not exorbitant. In fixing
that compensation, reference should be had to the
circumstances by which the railroad company is
surrounded. It appears that it yields little or no
income to its proprietors, althougn it runs only once
a day. The travel upon that route is limited, and
is divided between it mid the bay line. The case
presented by the gentleman from Illinois, of the
route from New York to Troy, is not a parallel one.
That route sustains rival lines, without reference to
the mail service; and all the compensation re-
ceived, beyond the expense of the mere handling
of the mail, is clear profit to the line which obtains
the contract. The peculiarity of this route is more
apparent, when we consider that the travel of the
North and East, from New York to Baltimore, is
enjoyed by a single line. At Baltimore it is di-
vided between this company and the bay line; and
beyond Richmond, it again unites m one line. So
that the price paid either one side or the other, can
form no measure of compensation. He was no
special friend of corporations. He did not belong
to a party which encouraged them. On the other
hand, he had no horror of them per ss. They were
good in their place. They were, he had found,
good servants, but bad masters. He would, there-
fore, always oppose them when they took advan-
tage of the monopoly which their"great wealth
gave them to exact unjust terms. But he did not
consider such the case now. He would consent
to pay such sum, not exceeding the foimer con-
tract price, as the service could be obtained for;
and would vo'e for the amendment read yesterday
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Meade.]
He could see no advantage in passing the resolu-
tions of the committee. They proposed the same
thing that the Postmaster General was authorized
and willing to do, and the company refused to con- ,
sent to. He had seen no evidence that the com- '
pany would recede to that point. The resolutions :
would probably be a nullity. But it is said that
a yielding, as it is called, by Congress, will form
a precedent for exactions from other companies.
He did not believe it. Public opinion always con-
trolled these matters. The case in Connecticut,
referred to by the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Joxes] this morning, shows that strongly. The
railroad company there Mibrmreri when the public
declared it in the wrong. Fie feared public opin- '
son did not do so now, at least so far as he could
gather it in his own section of the country. Should
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Meade] be adopted, he would also provide
that the damages sustained by the bay company-
should be paid them. There must be legislation
for particular cases. It is absurd to suppose that
the same sum r-tn be fixed as a compensation in
all eases. Circumstances will vary it, and the price
must be made adequate for the service required by -
special law, in those cases where the discretion
vested in the Postmaster General is not sufficiently
broad.
Mr. MEADS said that the proposed measure
would prove to be a nullity. It would be per-
fectly idle to pass the resolutions of the commit-
tee, without knowing that the Richmond Railroad
Company would accept the terms. We would
simply direct the Postmaster General to offer to ,
the company the same terms it had heretofore re-
jected. The object of the substitute which he had
offered yesterday, and which was read for infor- •
liiation, was to relieve the present law of its am-
biguity. If he understood the remarks of his col-
league, [Mr. Born,] he perceived no difference ;
between him and the po-mnstu- General in their •
construction of the law. The only difference be- j
; tween them was about a matter of fact, to wit: ;
; What would it cost to transport the mail between j
; Washington and Richmond m stage-coaches? The
: Postmaster General had adopted, as his rule, in ,
i pursuance of the opinions of his two predecessors, ;
i the highest price actually paid to stage-coaches, ;
i which was §190 per mile. His colleague thought '
1 it would cost much more : how much more, was
i a matter of conjecture. He said the road between
this city and Richmond was the worst road he !
■ ever saw. 1 presume (said Mr. M.) that he never
travelled between Atalanta and Montgomery, or
between the latter place and Greensboro1, in Ala-
bama. On these routes, $140, or less, per mile,
was paid. The object of the substitute which he j
(Mr. M.) proposed to olfer, was to render the ride
certain, and relieve the department of all doubt j
, hereafter. If the Postmaster General had com- !
mated an error, it was in making a joint contract
■ with the railroad and steamboat companies. He
could, Mr. M. tnought, have agreed with the
, Richmond Railroad Company at §237 50 per mile.
He then ought to have advertised for competition ,
on the river, oiid might have, by that means, les- ,
sened the cost of transportation between W/tsh-
' ington and Aquia creek some four or live thousand
dohars. The misfortune was, however, that the
principal owner of the steamboat, company had,
as he understood, also a controlling influence on i
the railroad company, and, by a combined action, !
. secured the contract to both companies. It was !
known to the Representative from Virginia that
I the Richmond Railroad Company had no authonty
1 to Sonneet itself with another company; and, m ■
! all future contracts, this difficulty might be avoid-
ed by the Postmaster General making a separate 1
contract with the railroad company, and inviting
, competition on the river. He (Mr. M.) regarded
! the price offered by the Postmaster General as |
high enough; and he had no doubt the railroad ;
. company would accept it. Public opinion would
■ force them to accept it; for he had learned that the
I people of Richmond themselves sustained the Post- i
i master General in this controversy. The incon
, vemence to the public was not so extensively felt.
\ Tile country between this and Richmond might ;
feel the change, and peihaps the people of Peters- j
burg, in some small degree. The northern mail I
arrived now at Petersburg only two hours later 1
than it did before, and this time was made up be-
fore it arrived in Wilmington. The steamboats
from that place left their wharf'at the same houis
they did before this change.
My colleague has (unintentionally, I have no
> doubt) misrepresented the present amount paid by :
: the Postmaster General. When the mail is taken ■
i off the road between Richmond and Petersburg, i
' there will be a saving, and it will not involve a de- I
. lay of twenty-four hours. In a few days, the City f
Point road wi!l,,be m operation; the mail from '
Richmond will be deposited there, and in thirty
i minutes will be in Petersburg.
j The miscarriage of letters spoken of by my col-
league, must have been owing to other causes; for
we know the steamboats have performed their trips .
with great regularity, and the mad from Richmond
I in wagons arrives here regularly once a day. Mr. M. '
j would (he said) add another resolution to the sub- j
stilute which he had proposed, and would read it
for the information of the committee. This sub- i;
stitute would be as follows : j,
Be it resolved hy the Senate a.id Home of Representatives !j
( of the haded Suites of Jimerica in Congress assembled, That 1
I Uit; Pu-iin-i-u:r General be, and lie is hereby, authorized in ;
future, to contract with the laihoad companies for the trans-
portation of the mail of the first class, at a price not exceed- !
i.n t\\ o hundred and twentj-seVen and a Jiaif dollars pel
; mile. for liansportin^ the mad once n da\. and thiee hun-
dred dollars lor transporting the same t^'icu a day : Pron-
't hat for such service performed in the m<,'ht-timo. an
additional compensation, not exceeding lo percent, on those
sums, may in; qsven.
Resolved. Thar the Postmaster General be, and he I- here-
by, required to cause tile great northern and southern mail <
to be transported bv steamboat and railroad on the usual '
route, until othei wise directed by law: froi ided, The same
caa lie done for the prices herein prescribed ; and tie shall
make such compensation, by way of damages, to the bay
company, for withdrawing from his contract, as to him shall ;
appear just and reasonable.
Several members "here proposed that the com- ;
mittee rise.
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, said he had no
wish to prolong the debate at all. But he did
think there was more in this question than the
mere matter of a few thousand dollars, as he fear- ■1
j ed, from the arguments which had been made, was
; the general impression on the minds of the com-
mittee. He did not consider it in that light at all;
j if he did, he certainly should got detain the com-
mittee, because he thought their time was more
perhaps than the mere sum at issue. It was not
j the beginning, but one of a series of attempts
; made by this company to extort from the depart-
! ment more than the law authorized. The ques-
; tion was, should they sustain this department in
j the just construction of the laws of Congress, or
i should they yield to the extortions of this compa-
' ny, and thus take away the sustaining hand of
Congress from the department when they should
attempt to resist extortions of this kind in future?
All who had read the report of the Postmaster Gen-
eral would see that the case was not such as was
represented by the gentleman The department
had said, we will give to you all that the lawautho-
; rizes, and nothing more. On the other hand, there
: had been a series of attempts, some of them most
! cunningly devised, and some of them the most out-
1 rageous attempts he had ever witnessed on the
part of individuals or companies, to coerce the de-
partment and require it to come to the terms which
; they laid down. Since his friend from Virginia
had told him he (Mr. B.) did not understand the
subject, he had examined it fully, and he had come
1 to a conclusion decidedly stronger than that to
i which he before had uttered against the company,
; and in favor of the course of the department and
of Congress. In the first instance, the company
had attempted to get from the depaitment more
i than any other company had received for the same
purpose. This attempt was resisted, and, for the
purpose of preventing the issue now made to Con-
: gress, the company submitted to an arbitration;
| and if gentlemen would read the stipulation upon
which the arbitration was entered into, drawn up
by the then president of the company, they would
see what was the case referred to the then Presi- -
' dent of the United States, Mr. Tyler. The ques-
; tion was, what compensation should be paid ? and
; Mr. Tyler decided that so much should be paid,
making the sum that was paid. Buthe (Mr. Tyler)
said, I decide no other question, no other question
having been submitted but the mere amount of
money that should be paid to this company. But
| he (Mr. B.) asked, where was the law at this
I time? It was trampled under foot. The question
whether the department had authority under the
law to pay more or not was not submitted. Then
what followed ? The department continued to pay
that sum of money to the railroad company in
good faith during the time the contract would have
; been made, had it been made for the usual term of
j four years. Then, immediately after this contract
j expired, the Postmaster General notified thecom-
I pany that he could under the law pay them $237
50 per mile, and no more, in the first instance;
; and then the company commenced and attempted
to reason the Postmaster General out of his deci-
sion, and the decision of Mr. Kendall and Mr.
■ Wicklitfe before him.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Root] said it
wasichaiTering. But the language of the Postmas-
i ter General was uniform: I can give you, under
the law, $237 50; this I will give; I can give you
no more. The company attempted to reason the
- Postmaster General out of it. Failing in this,
; what did they do? They wrote to the Postmaster
, General that if he would give it to them, they
would continue to carry the mail until Congress
decides the question. The Postmaster General
said, if in this proposition there was any expecta-
tion that the department would recommend to
Congress, or that the Postmaster General would
countenance the payment of any larger sum than
$237 50 per inile, he would not give it to thetn,
but would goon and make a cnntiactwith another
route. Upon that the company offered—the pre-
sident wrote that they were willing to continue the
service in this manner; that they did not expect
that the Postmaster General would appeal to Con-
gress for any more, but that they would carry it
under his proposition. The Postmaster General
accepted the, olfer tinder the. explanation given by
the company. This was in June. The company
went on, without any explanation or complaint,
to carry the mail to October, through all the inter-
vening'months of July, August, September, and
to the c>6th October; but. on the 26th October they
had a meeting of the company, and then notified
the Postmaster General that they could not carry
