1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
ittipon those terms. Bat before he came to this,
he should have mentioned that the Postmaster
General was in negotiation first with the Ports-
mouth road, and for some reason, which was
never givep, they withdrew the offer they had
made, and wMch he was willing; to accept.
The Postmaster General was in negotiation, but
in consequence of this offer of this Richmond and
Fredericksburg: railroad to carry the mail until
Congress decided it, he broke off the negotiation.
Mr. B. noticed other details in the history of the
proceedings of this company on this subject, men-
tioning the resolution adopted by the State direct-
ors, (and the State owned two-fifths of the stock,)
requesting their president to have the mail further
carried by their company, uutil CotJgress decided
the question; and the fact that the president of the
company said that this resolution hail done mate-
rial injury to the company, for, since it passed,
the Postmaster General had assumed a higher
tone, and now they were not likely to get any-
thing more than the Postmaster General believed
the law authorized him to pay; thus showing
clearly, Mr. B. argued, that the attempt was, to
extort from the department a larger sum than the
Postmaster General believed he was authorized to
pay.
The Postmaster General had never signed the
contract to pay this sum of money. Mr. B. had
understood that he had declined to do it, because
he thought it was contrary to law. He hoped that
Congress would not sanction such attempts on the
part of railroad companies to obtain from the de-
partment more Mian the head of it thought was
right. He argued that the offer of the Postmaster
General was a. most liberal one, as he had taken
the highest compensation paid to post-coaches,
and added 25 per cenfum—the highest that then
was paid, and much higher than any that was paid
now. If the compensation were now for the first
time to be ascertained, it would be much lower
than $237 50 per mile.
Mr. B. noticed and replied to one or two sug-
gestions of Mr. Botts and other gentlemen who
had spoken on that side, and passed on to argue
the manifest propriety and necessity of now sus-
taining the bay line which had taken the contract,
go as to prevent combinations hereafter between
different companies, and to induce them, respect-
ively, to step forward to the relief of the depart-
ment when it was involved( in difficulty with any
one company.
His constituents and himself were very much in
the situation of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Murphy] and his constituents; they were
considerably interested in the transmission of the I
mail, being a commercial people. Independently ;
of that, he believed, not his immediate constitu- !
ents, hut some of the people of Philadelphia, a j
part of the citizens of which city he represented, j.
were very deeply interested in the stock of that i,
railroad. They did formerly own more them all I
other stockholders; and the former President of ;
the company was a citizen of Philadelphia. They !
were also interested, as all our commercial com-
munity of the North were, in the transmission of |
the mail south with despatch. But it was a curi- I
ous fact, that nearly all the Charleston passengers I
now went by the oay route. He had remarked ]
particularly, when travelling over the road this [
fall, that when the two conductors came in, one j
with the bills of the bay line, and the other of the j
railroad line, nearly every passenger, as far as his i
observation extended, took the bay route. And,
if it was true, as the gentleman from New York
remarked, that this railroad company did not carry
the passengers, why was it? Did the bay route
offer better facilities for the transportation of men
than the railroad, and not for the transportation of
the mail also?
He would appeal to the gentleman from New
York, and ask what propriety there was in our
citizens demanding that the Post Office Depart-
ment should send the mail by this railroad line at
a much greater expense because it went through
pcrchance in a very little less time, when they
themselves, in travelling, took the bay route on
account of the great saving ? He also contended,
in reply to Mr. Root, that a gentleman in travel-
lino: would be willing to go a little further, and
suffer some delay, rather than submit to the un-
for carrying the mail through from Baltimore to,
Charleston in 74§ hours, which was a difference of
only about eight hours for this whole distance from
the time made by railroad route. But a great
clamor had been raised, they had been told by the
gentleman from Virginia, against the Post Office
Department, for the interruptions upon this bay
line. He believed it was true, that in December,
there had been various interruptions to the per-
formance of this line. Pie had in his hand a state-
ment of all the interruptions, and the reasons for
them, which had taken place in December, 1847,
and in December, 1844-*45-'46. In December,
1846, there was but little snow and ice, and, con-
sequently, few interruptions; but he found, that in
December of 1844 and '45, the interruptions were
greater than they had been in December, 1847,
although this was a new line just started. But
because the contract had been changed, all the
interruptions, all the irregularities, were set down
to the account of the Postmaster General. Every
gentleman who did not get his letters exactly at
the hour expected, imputed it to the Posmaster
General's new arrangement. But this statement
in his hand, as he had before said, showed that
there was only eight hours difference between Bal-
timore and Charleston; and the question was,
whether the department should submit, on account,
of this small difference, to the extortion of the rail-"
road company; whether this company should be
allowed to come-before Congress and have its de-
mand complied with, which he deemed was to
coerce the Government to pay them for carrying
the mail an illegal sum; more than the law allowed
—more than justice demanded.
Mr. B. having concluded, at two o'clock and
eight minutes the committee rose and reported
progress. j
Mr. STANTON moved the usual resolution to :
close the debate in committee on the joint resolu- j
tion at half-past two o'clock. ]
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, inquired of the j
Speaker if the gentleman reporting the joint reso-
lution would be allowed an hour to close the debate
after the time specified in the resolution for termi-
nating it arrived. ; *
The SPEAKER said tb'at that would be a ques-
tion for the chairman to decide when the time
arrived.
The House again resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole, (Mr. Smith, of Indiana, in the
chair.)
Mr. GOGGIN said he hoped the committee un-
derstood that his connection with this resolution, or
rather his desire to have any sort of connection with
it, arose solely from the fact that he happened to be
connected with the committee who reported it. It
was not from any desire to be connected with the
subjcct, certainly, that he should now trespass for
one ^moment upon the time or paticnce of this
blouse. He thought it but fair, however, when
this joint resolution had been so fully, and, he
might say, so ably discussed by gentlemen on the
other side of the House, that those who were
opposed to it—m other words, that those who
advocated a substitute for the resolution reported,
should be heard also in advocacy of their views in
opposition to the report. *
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Lincoln] had
yesterday thought proper to go into what occurred
in committee in connection with this subject. He
legrettcd that the gentleman should so far have
trespassed, unintentionally he had no doubt, upon
the rules of the House; but as he stated that every
member upon that committee, of both political
parties—that all those with whom he was associa-
ted united in supportof this resolution,he thought
proper to notice the remark.
Mr. LINCOLN heie interposed, and (Mr. G.
yielding) said that the gentleman had misunder-
stood him. He had said a majority of one party
and the whole of the other had supported the reso-
lution m committee.
Mr. GOGGIN (resuming) said it was very un-
important how the question was decided, as far as
parties were affected in this House. The great
object of gentlemen, on all sides, he hoped, was
to do justice to the subject. He had congratulated
himself, when this subject was introduced and re-
ferred to the committee, that it was one of those
subjects which would be brought forward durm.
reasonable exactions and extortions of a little more j[_this session of Congress in which no party feeling
direct conveyance. h could be or would be exhibited. He did not look
He had in his hand the terms of the contract u at it in auy light as connected with the political
party with which he associated,.nor was he gov-
erned by what might be the views and feelings of
the company who came here, as gentlemen chose
to represent them, " asking relief at the hands of
Congress.'' His object had been, through all this
controversy, to do what he believed to be right and
proper, regardless of party considerations, and re-
gardless, too, of the views of the railroad com-
pany.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brown,]
who had just addressed the committee, had gone
somewhat more into the details and facts con-
nected with this affair than other gentlemen who
had spoken; and without going back and pursuing
the order of the debate as presented to them by the
speeches of gentlemen, he begged leave, in the first
place, to pay his respects to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. He had called upon that gentle-
man,and had trusted he would, before he satdown, ,
have exhibited the award made by Mr. Tyler upon
this subject.
[Mr. Brown here handed him the paper.]
The gentleman had just given him the docu-
ment. He had not now time to examine it; but
his object in making the inquiry was to ascertain,
and, if he was not greatly mistaken, it would he-
ascertained, on an examination of that paper, that
the award of Mr. Tyler was for one year only;
that the question submitted was not how much
should be paid to this company for three or four
I years, or for the time for which the contracts were
; made, but simply for one year.
j Mr. BROWN (interposing) said, the law au-
: thorized the Postmaster General to contract for
four years, and for no other term. The question
was submitted, and the award of Mr. Tyler had
1 no reference to time, but merely authorized the
Postmaster General to contract. The Postmaster
General deemed that the contracts were made only
for four years, and that he had no right to offer
any contract until the four years had passed.
Mr. B. here said another word of explanation,
which was entirely lost at the reporter's desk.
Mr. GOGGIN repeated he had not the time to
read the paper; but the fact, as was seen upon the
slightest reference to it, stood unchanged and un-
changeable upon it, that this award was for one
year's service. Now, keeping in view this fact,
let them observe that the Postmaster General, in
justifying his contract with the bay company, put
himself on his dignity, and said, to have made the
payment any longer to the railroad company
would, in his opinion, have been in violation of
the law; and if so, let him (Mr. G.) ask if he had
not been violating the law ever since he came into
office, as he had no authority or justification for
j paying the sum from the award of Mr. Tyler, be-
\ cause that award was only for one year. When
j gentlemen talked about the violation of contracts
i by the insolence of chartered monopolies, let them
| remember that here was a violation of the law by
| the very head of the department, who set up here
| to administer the law. Let him not be told that
j Mr. Johnson, the Postmaster General, felt himself
! authorized to do this because Mr. Wickhffe and
| Mr. Kendall had done it. No; if, when he came
! into his office, he had found that the company re-
ceived pay unfairly, and more than the law au-
thorized, was it not the duty of a vigilant officer
to discontinue it at once?
So far from this, the Postmaster General con-
tinued this payment, this violation of law he now
said, from the time he entered his office to the 1st
Juiy, 1847! And not as the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania had said, did the company wait until the
very heels of the session of Congress, but they
notified the department as far back as the 26th Oc-
tober that they should refuse to carry the mail un-
less the compensation to which they thought them-
selves entitled under the law were given, it being
the very compensation w hich this same Postmaster
General had paid them up to that time.
He wanted to call attention to the remarkable
disclosure made by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
\ania, of what he gave as his experience as a trav-
eller upon this road. The gentleman was taking
a trip south of Philadelphia somewhere, he sup-
posed. That, as far as his observation extended,
nearly all the passengers south went by the bay
line and not by .the railroad. The gentleman told
them nearly all the passengers went by the bay
line now, and undoubtedly the gentleman sup-
posed that soon all of them would go by that route;
and when that took place, he wanted to ask the
