12*2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 6,
mmieian>, am! privates, a> may he recruited to fill vacan-
cies in the first and second rvgunents of dragoons and the
regiment of mounted rifleman, and in regiment* or compa-
nies of volunteers now in the service of the United States,
during the war with .Mexico.
Mt*. DOWNS suggested the propriety of ex-
tending the bounty to all new regiments, instead
of confining it to those volunteers who might be
recruited to fill vacancies.
Mr. RUSK said that was provided for by the
the Land Office. The bill upon your table is but !;
a transcript of former laws upon the subject. The |!
provisions ofthe general law were renewed in 1842, ;j
and continued for five yeats, and that act conse- ;j
; quently expired in the past year. j|
Mr. U. read from the act and also from commu- j
! nications received from the Commissioner of Pen- U
! sions, and the Commissioner of the Land Office. j
Now, continued Mr. U., all that the bill on your !j
second section of the act which this bill proposed [j table proposes to do is to prevent the statute of
to extend.
Mr. CASS stated that the bill was drafted to
meet the necessities of the service.
The amendment of Mr. Davis having been
agreed to, the bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendment having been con-
curred in, the bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, and was then read a third time
and passed.
BILL'S INTRODUCED.
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana: A bill to
provide for a survey of the mouth of Red river, in
the State of Louisiana.
Also, by the same, a joint resolution providing
for the payment of certain claims under the treaty
between the United States and Mexico, of April
4, 1839.
limitations from applying" against the soldiers of ;
the late war, and to grant them an additional -
five years for producing satisfactory proof of their '
claims and receiving lands.
Mr. SEVIER reiterated his objections to the
passage of the bill. Pass such a law as this, he
said, and no man knows how many old claims
will be brought forward, which have been hereto-
fore rejected by Congress. I believe we have ;
already paid more land claims for military ser- :
vices than we ever had troops m the field. 1 hope,
at least, that some data will be procured from the
Land Office, to show how many claims are yet
outstanding. This bill, X suppose, is to pay all
the old Virginia claims.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will say to my friend
over the way, that I have no objection whatever
to procure ail the information which he seems de-
[The joint resolution authorizes the Secretary of i; girous Gf examining before voting upon the bill;
the Treasury to ascertain the amount unpaid of
the sums awarded by the Board of Commissioners
appointed under the treaty with Mexico, of the ;
4th April, 1839, including principal and interest,
and pay the amount so found to the owners of the |!
certificates issued for the amounts awarded.] jj
MESSRS. "RITCHIE AND HEISS. b
Mr. MASON submitted the following resolu- |i
tion: \\
Resolved, Thit the editors of the Union, a newspaper jj
printed at VYasnmgton, and who were late printers to the J,
S^nite, ho hereafter entitled to the same acces-s to the floor {1
of the Senate which a now extended to others who were ij
former like printers, j j
Mr. M. said that the resolution had been drafted ■;
with some care, and on consultation with several !j
Senators, some of whom had voted in the affirm- jj
ative on the propositions of last session, and he ji
therefore presumed theie would be no objection to j'
its adoption. j:
Mr. MAXGUM. Let it lie over.
And, of course, the resolution lies over under
the rule. ,{
On motion. Ordered y That when the Senate ad-
journs, it adjourn to meet on Monday.
Mr. DICKINSON gave notice that he should, ;
on Monday, ask the Senate to take up the resolu- ;
tions he had offered some time since. 11
PURSERS.
The bill to provide an additional number of purs-
ers in the navy coming up for consideration as in j
Committee of the Whole— j
Mr. BADGER moved to amend the bill in the I
first section, by striking out the words "by war- !
rant," and inserting "by and with the advice and j
consent of the Senate." He thought that the purs- j
ers in the navy ought to be put ori a footing with !
commissioned officers in the service, instead of j
merely occupymgthe rankof warrant officers. His >
amendment proposed this change. J
Mr. DICKINSON suggested the propriety of ;
postponing the bill to allow time to examine the j
subject. :
Mr. BADGER said he had no objection to post- .
ponement. ;
On motion of Mr. YULEE, the bill was then 1
laid on the table for the present. !
LAND WARRANTS. !
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration '
of the bill to extend the time for locating military I
land warrants. !
The bill being under consideration, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole—
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I was not in my seat ,
when the motion was made the other day for the :
postponement of this bill; but I have been inform
but I take occasion now to correct a mistake into
which he has, no doubt unintentionally, fallen, i
He said that the provisions of this bill, he sup-
posed, would satisfy all the Virginia claims. That
is a mistake. Virginia had two regiments in the
Revolution—a State regiment and a Continental
regiment. As far as the Continental regiment
was concerned, they were to receive lands at the
hands of this Government; but so far as the State
line of Virginia troops are concerned, there is no
provision made for them here.
Mr. RUSK. I have the information which is
desired by the Senator from Arkansas, in a letter
from the Commissioner of Pensions.
The letter was read.
On motion of Mr. CASS, the bill \yas then laid
on the table for the present.
THE TEN-REGIMENT BILL.#
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
: bill to increase the army of the United States.
The bill was read a third time; and, the ques-
•! tion being on its passage—
Mr. HALE said : Feeling compelled, from my
' convictions of fluty, to take a course in reference to
this bill in which I am aware very few Senators
i will entirely coincide, I have thought, humble as
i> is the sphere in which I move, that it was due to
|j those who placed me in the position I occupy, to
! • let my vote upon the bill go out accompanied with
L the reasons which have induced me to take the
ii course which I am about to take. I would have
!1 been glad if older and abler Senators had favored
the Senate with their views in opposition to this
' bill. I would have been glad if the action of the
; Senate upon the bill had been delayed until the
: documents coming from the several departments,
: and which we are well nigh getting, had been
i. placed before us, so that we might have had all
the light that could be thrown upon that which, in
my mind, is a dark subject at the lightest; but
seeing that the bill is likely to go through the
forms of legislation, and become a law without
having those lights before us, I have thought it
necessary to trespass briefly upon the time of the
Senate, in order to express the views which I en-
teitain. It may be said that I do not stand much
in need of light, because I have already declared
that [ stand here prepaie'd to vote against the war
in all its forms; against any measures for the sup-
ply of troops, either regulars or volunteers, (and
if there are any other kinds, I go against them;)
because I stand prepared to vote against the ap-
propriation of a single dollar beyond the simple
amount—as I have before suggested—which will
be sufficient to bring home your troops by the
shortest and cheapest route. Entertaining these
ed of the objections that were made to the bill, and ; views, before entering upon the discussion of the
1 rise for the purpose of obviating them. I under- u;n 1 *    '
stand that my friend over the way doubted whether
warrants for bounty lands to soldiers in the late
war with Gieat Britain are in existence. My in-
formation on this subject is based not only upon
the statutes, but upon the statements of the Com-
missioner of Pensions, and the Commissioner of
bill, I want to say a word in regard to a sentiment
which I have heard avowed here and elsewhere,
and it is, that when the country is engaged in
war we lose all discretion, we have nothing to do
but grant the supplies that aie demanded of us,
on appeal being made to our patriotism—patiiot-
ism can only find rightful action in a support of
the war; that there is no patriotism anywhere
else, and that the Administration, which has been
so fortunate or unfortunate as to plunge the coun-
try into a war, has only to appeal to the country,
and expect to receive no other response except
hearty and unanimous support. And this doctrine
has been carried so far, and in such high places,
that the President of the United States has de-
nounced as treason the opposition of Congress,
although his mode of prosecuting the war dtd not
accord with their convictions. I recollect but one
incident in my reading of history which is anal-
ogous. It is stated by an English historian, that
when Q,ueen Elizabeth had summoned her Parlia-
ment, and they were about to organize for busi-
ness, she sent her messenger to them with this
royal mandate: she told them to be very careful
that they did not meddle with affairs of State, " be-
cause," said she, "such things are altogether beyond
the compass of your narrow understanding." Well,
; our royal President did not follow exactly in the
; footsteps of Elizabeth. He did not question the
j understanding of Congress, but their patriotism,
i Now, let us see where this doctrine will carry us.
j Let us see to what it will lead. Suppose you
! should have an exceedingly bad and corrupt Ad-
| ministration—mind, I do not say that this is su«" h
i an Administration, or that we are ever likely to
i have such a one—but suppose that such a thing
! were possible, and that the measures of thePiesi-
| dent had become exceedingly odious, oppressive,
I burdensome, and intolerable, and that notes of dis-
1 approbation were beginning to be heard from the
! people assembled in their primary meetings; that
t the tones of indignation at last penetrate the walls
I of the palace, and the President, finding that he
! could not stand against the united will of an in-
| jured people, what has he to do? Ought he to de-
| sist in his couise of wrong-doing, or to retrace his
: steps? No, sir; this is not the path to popularity;
: according to his new school of ethics and morals,
| he has only to go on and plunge the country into
i war, and, if he can manage so skillfully as to in-
! volve the country in two wars at once, so much the
better—so much the more £^>ry for him; apopulari-
,1 ty greater than that of a Washington or a Jackson.
i< This is the inference, the plain and unmistakable
|| inference. War, instead of being, as it is said to
be by all writers on ethics or politics, the direst
|| calamity which Heaven in its wrath can send upon
i' a nation, is converted by this alchemy into a heal-
ing Bethjesda, in which political profligacy and
' corruption of the darkest hue may wash itself and
, be clean. Sir, I utterly deny the soundness of
* this doctrine, that Congress ought to have no voice
j, beyond granting the supplies. If there ever is a
j; time when opposition should be vigilant, scrupu-
i ions, watchful, noticing everything that is wrong,
it is at a time when, through the acts of the Ad-
jj ministration, the country is burdened with an un-
! | necessary war. When the fruits of industry are
;j consumed for the support of such war, and when
i! we are surrounded by all the horrors which war
j brings in its tram, if there ever is a time that
.! should put men upon their individual judgment,
i reflection, and responsibility, it is such a time;
j; and such is our position now, and we are there by
I; the unadvised, unconstitutional, and illegal acts of
II the President. I propose, I say, to do what I may,
'{ feeble as it may be, to place the country right. I
! have never learned in that school of moral or po-
ll litical science, that by persevering in an unconsti-
: tutional and wrong course, we shall ever come out
'\ right.
'I And, sir, there is another view that is sometimes
.i taken, which certainly does not accord with my
own convictions, and upon which I wish %) say a
word or two at this time, (and I do it with defer-
enceito the opinions of abler men about me,) and
which relates to the course which those should
n take who believe the war to be wrong, radically
■ ! wrong. Why, I think I have heard an idea somo-
i thing like this: The country is engaged in a war
I which is unjustifiable; we confess it is wrong to
■ : go on—we see clearly it is wrong; nevertheless,
| we are now at war, and the President calls on us
for supplies of men and money, and Senators say
they will vote men and money; but by some sort
,'■ of a process which escapes my comprehension,
: they imagine they are going to throw the respon-
! sibility on the President. 1 confess I do not un-
derstand how they are to escape from their due
, share of responsibility; they must share the re-
'< sponsibiiity with the President, let the character of
