1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
127
der. If the House meant that the chairman should
first have a right to speak an hour to close the de-
bate, it should have said so; but if it had not, the
committee were under the order of the House, and
must obey it. The question of the propriety, of its
course was not a question before this committee.
Under these circumstances (Mr. D. said) he should
vote to reverse the decision of the Chair.
Mr. STANTON observed that it was not neces-
sary to inquire what might have been the individ-
ual intention of members of the committee who
had passed the rule about which this discussion
arose, in order to decide what its true interpreta-
tion was: it must, like other rules, be construed in
conformity with other previous decisions of the
House. The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Sims] confined himself to the rule and ks accompa-
nying proviso, and contended that a just construc-
tion of the proviso would reverse the decision of
the Chair. He said that a proviso was the exclu-
sion of a conclusion. This was very true; but the
conclusion here excluded was the conclusion that,
without the proviso, would arise from the rule it-
self* Mr. S. here quoted both the rule and proviso.
Now, what was the conclusion which this proviso
excluded?
Mr. SIMS here interposed to remark that the
matter to which the proviso referred was the clos-
ing of a debate in Committee of the Whole; and it
excluded everything else but the right of a member
moving an amendment to speak for five minutes in
explanation of the amendment he had offered. j
Mr. STANTON, resuming, insisted that in this
the gentleman was mistaken. In the absence of !
the proviso, the conclusion from the rule would be, |
that no member could speak save for five minutes :
in explanation of an amendment. As to the posi- j
tion taken by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. j
DueRj] that gentleman must see what was the >
manifest intention of the House in passing this !
new rule, and if the rules did conflict he must be j
governed by that. Mr. S. here read all the rules j
relating to the subject. The general rule had ex- i
isted ever since 1S44—the new one had been j
adopted during the present session. It was true, j
indeed, that all the rules had been adopted at once; 1
but this last one, which now began for the first
time, was obviously intended to qualify and con-
trol those which had existed previously. If there
was any conflict, that last formed was to override
the rest. But the true caprse was to interpret them
all so as to avoid any collision, considering the
older rules as modified by the later.
Mr. COBB thought it important to have a de-
cision now upon the case; not for the sake of the
particular member more immediately concerned,
(viz; Mr. Goggist,) but for the direction and gov- j
ernmentof the House on future occasions. There
were substantial advantages in confirming the de-
cision already made by the Chair. Mr. C. would
lay down two legal principles, which he thought
ought to guide the House in arriving at its conclu-
sion; the first was, that, when two laws or two
rules conflicted on their face with each other,
if they could be so construed that both should
stand, that was the construction which ought to
prevail; but when this could not be done, then the
fullest force should be given to the act last past.
Now, in this case, the rule last adopted by the
House provided that the chairman of a committee
or' other person introducing or reporting a bill or
other measure should have the privilege of opening
and closing the debate upon it in Committee of the
Whole, he being subject, of course, in both cases,
to the hour rule. This was an unquestionable
right guarantied to him- by that rule. 'It was now
pvoposed to deprive him of that right by virtue of
a mere order of the House to close debate at a cer-
tain hour.
Mr. SIMS again interposed. He read the rule,
.sand argued to show that it secured the same right
to every other member of the House to speak one
hour whicli it secured to the chairman to speak
two hours; if the order of the House cut off the
one, it cut off the other also.
Mr. COBB thought not. The hour rule was
not the grant of a right, but the restriction of a
right already existing, vizs the right of speaking
for an unlimited time.
Mr. STANTON interposed to explain, but spoke
in a tone too low to be heard by the reporter.
Mr. COBB thought the argument of the gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Sims] presented
no valid objection to the interpretation of the rule
for which Mr. C. contended, because no man pre-
tended that the hour rule gave the right to any
member to speak for an hour: all it did was to
provide that he should not exceed an hour. The
enactment last adopted should in all cases govern;
and a right secured to an individual by a standing
rule of order could not be taken away by a simple
order of the House. A temporary order could
not repeal a rule.
Mr. SIMS again broke in, and was explaining,
when—
Mr. COBB said, if the gentleman from South
Carolina would have the least possible degree of^
patience, he would find that Mr. C. was just 1
coming to notice the point he had made. It was
said the order of the House was passed by virtue
of another rule, and therefore, though not itself in
strictness a rule, it had all the binding force of the
rule under which it was made. Admitting this,
still, if there was any conflict, the last rule made
must prevail. If a prior rule conflicted with that
which secured the chairman of a committee his
hour to close debate, it was the duty of gentlemen
to give effect to the latter rule. But Mr.- C. did not
think there was any real inconsistency between
them; both could stand. If the committee should
support the decision of the Chair, its only effect
would be to allow the member making a report or
introducing a bill the right of speaking on it for
one hour after the closing of the debate by the rest
of the House. What harm could in practice arise
from this? What was the reason and object of the
rule ? It was to secure to a majority of a standing
or other committee of the House, reporting a bill
or other proposition to the House, to be heard in
its support after all the objections had been urged
which could be brought against it. But, under any
other construction of the rule, this right might be j
evaded and lost. How could the chairman of a
Committee of the Whole know when to give the floor
to the privileged member introducing the bill ? He
could not, unless the hour to close debate had been
fixed for days or hours beforehand. Suppose the
House should order a debate to close in committee
at two o'clock, and Mr. C. should obtain the floor
a quarter before one, must the chairman, when
Mr. C. had spoken just a quarter of an hour, stop
him, and give the floor to the man who leported
the bill under consideration, that he might have his
hour to speak? Point after point would arise in
practice under such a construction, and the House
would be involved in endless difficulties; but con-
strue the rule as he had explained it, and as the
decision of the Chair presumed it to be, and no
difficulty whatever could ensue.
It was apprehended by some gentlemen that this
interpretation would throw some advantage into
the hands of a dominant majority in the House.
He did not see how. But, even if it should give
them some shghtadvantage,all parties would enjoy
this in succession. The Whigs would have it now,
but (said Mr. C.) tee shall haveit, you know, next
Congress. [A laugh.]
The debate upon the question of order was fur-
ther continued by Messrs. WICK, SCHENCK,
and SIMS, in explanation.
Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, said, of all the
frivolous questions that had ever been raised in
this House, this capped the climax, in his judg-
ment. The great question which was now occu-
pying the attention of the House of Representa-
tives of the American Congress for almost two
entire days was, whether the gentleman reporting
a bill should have the hour next before the point of
time when the clock ticked one, two, or three, or
the hour next after that point of time ! That, sir,
(said Mr. S.) is the question we have under debate
here, and in relation to which we have avast array
of orators here. [General laughter.] This is the
great constitutional question! [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. S. did not rise for the purpose of debating
this question; but his sole object was to call the
attention of the House to the unhappy, the truly
deplorable condition of his friend from Viiginia,
[Mr. Goggin,] in the parturition of about half a
speech. [A laugh.] What was to become of the
rest of that speech he did not know. [Renewed
laughter.] Now, he prayed, he humbly submitted
that this most frivolous, most contemptible discus-
sion might be brought to a period here, and the
House come to a vote. It was of no consequence
how it was settled, one way or the other.
[General cries of "Question!" " question !"]
Mr. WOODWARD had but a few plain propo-
sitions to make. He could not/regard it a matter
of no importance whether we should give a loose
construction to our rules, and thus produce a hun-
dred times over the loss of time already incurred
in this debate.
The honorable member from Georgia [Mr.
: Cobb] has remarked that the right in question has
been guarantied by the rules of the'House; and
; the honorable member now occupying the chair
' said yesterday that the rule limiting debate was in
derogation of this right.
Now, sir, the right of a chairman of a committee
i to make two speeches is no more guarantied than
the right of an ordinary member to make one
^ speech; and an order of the House limiting the
* time of debate is no more in derogation of one of
those rights than the other. It equally destroys
' both. Why should the right of a chairman of a
, committee to make a second speech be regarded
i more sacred than the right of a member to make a
; first speech ?
But, sir, gentlemen speak as though this right
i to speak a second time was a personal thing, given
to a chairman for his individual benefit. This ig
. a mistake. It is a right created for the benefit of
1 the House, like the whole privilege of debate; and
| an order of the House limiting the one must hav#
; an equal effect in limiting the other. It is, sir, a
I misconception to regard the order of the House as
: going directly to any matter of right. It goes to
i the matter of debate, and says, absolutely, there
shall be no further debate. The gentleman from
j New York [Mr. Duer] has properly conceived
I it. No rule of construction, therefore, will effect
j your object. You must either amend the rules, or
| else hereafter, in each case that may arise, make
an exception in the order in favor of the right in
que&tion.'
Mr. GREEN, Mr. STUART, of Michigan,
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, Mr. GENTRY, Mr.
RHETT, and Mr. STANTON,'also participated
in the discussion of the merits of the question in-
volved in the appeal; on which the vote was taken
by tellers, and sustained the decision of the Chair
by 101 to 73.
So the committee has decided that a mover is
entitled to speak one hour, or the residue of an
hour partly occupied, after the time fixed by an
order of the House to terminate debate.
THE SOUTHERN MAIL.
The House then again resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
i (Mr. Caleb B. Smith, of Indiana, in the chair,) -
j and resumed the consideration of the resolution re-
i lating to the transportation of the great southern
mail.
Mr. GOGGIN, of Virginia, resumed his closing
argument: and, after briefly alluding to the con-
sumption of time by the consideration of the ap-
peal, which he thought was an apt illustration of
the mode of conducting business by the Post Office
Department^—a circuitous course to gain an imma-
terial object—he returned to the subject under dis-
cussion.
The committee had been informed by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. C. Brown,] that
j this was not a question between Virginia and the
! department, for that gentleman told them that a
| large portion of the stock of this company was
| owned in Philadelphia. He was glad to hear the
' gentleman from Pennsylvania make such a state-
! ment, and he hoped it would impress on the minds
! of the members of the committee itself, so that
' when they came up to vote, they might do so with
the conviction that the North as well as the South
: had an interest in this matter. He hoped they
would further bear in mind, that the Postmaster
; General had not only struck at the interest of this
j company by depriving them of the transportation
j of the mail, but so as to operate on them by the
! loss of passengers. This line arrived at Peters-
! burg now in advance of the regular mail some nine
i or ten hours, so that the passengers by this line
j had to be there until the mail arrived before they
I could proceed southward. This new arrangement,
1 therefore, not only deprived them of the Post Of-
\ fice patronage, but it interfered with them as a
i chartered company—not with Virginia alone, bi t
1 with stockholders who were residents of Pennsyi-
i vania and other northern States'.
; So much for the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
; He desired now to say one word of the argument
i of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr, G. W<
