THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 12,1848.
New Series T^o. 9.
ed the condition that the contract should not be
subject to revocation.
What right had the Postmaster General to agree
to such a condition, when the law directed him to
insdrt m every contract a clause making it revo-
cable at the will of the department > Yet he says
m his report that these contracts would remain
firm unless Congress should direct otherwise. By
the resolution Congress was asked to annul this
quasi agreement; for contract it was none. The
Postmaster General made on the back of the paper
an endorsement, which Mr. G. read, (but of which
we failed to obtain a copv.)
What he more especially desired to call the
attention of the country to was the fact, that while
the Postmaster General represented it as an outra-
geous thine; that the railroad company was con-
nected with the steamboat line, (which was not a
fact,) yet in this contract with the bay company
an individual was largely concerned who was at
the same time the proprietor of a railroad south of
Richmond; and thus the Post Office Department
had itself connected a railroad with a water line,
the very thing it charged upon this company.
Here the hour allotted to Mr. G., to his great
seeming surprise, expired. He thereupon offered
an amendment, (given below,) which was read
for information.
The question was first put on the amendment of
Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, viz:
yP/OouIed, That in making such contract or engagement
with tiiu Postmaster General, the «aid Richmond, Freder-
icksburg, and Potomac Kaiiroad and Steamboat Company
shall agiee aad engage wall the Po tmaster General to pay
to tue Pu.st Oilice Dcpaitment such amount or sum of money
as, in hi- judgment, s>lull be a and equitable equivalent
to the con factors for tianspo.ting the mail from Ralmnorc
to Petersburg and Richmond on tfie bay line, and to the
coutiact  rs nom Washington to Kichmond under the recent
&ir<iruement, as wiil indemnity said contiacloia by reason
of the discontinuance of the said routes hereby dispen&ed
with "
This amendment was agreed to: Ayes 80, noes
65.
Mr. BROW N, of Pennsylvania, moved to amend
the resolution as follows:
Resoloed, Tlvu the construction heretofore given by the
Po<t Otlice Department, and particularly that oi the present
P.-wtmifcUT General, to the laws of 1838, 1839, and 1845,
regulating and residing the compensation to be pud for
carrying the mail on lailroads, is heieby approved and con-
firmed.
Ruled out of order by the Chair.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved further to
amend the resolution, by adding thereto the fol-
lowing;
Rv>oioed, That it shall be the duty of the Postmaster Gen-
eral to a< range and class the service hereafter to he requned
ot the raihoad companies, including tho^e in winch the ser-
vice i  pauly by steamboats, in the tian^portation of the
United State* mails, into foui cl-'Sseo, according to the size
Of thy mail-s, the sp.-ed and fiequenc> with which the mails
aie or shall be required to be conveyed, tmd the importance
ot the service ; aad it. shall be lawful lor Inm to conuact for
canyiug the mail with any such laihoai company, oi any
steamboat company, or any railroad and steamboat com-
pany, eithei with oi without advertising for such contract:
Provided, That tor the fin?t class seiwcc in conveving the
ma J on any raihoad, he shall not pay a highei rate ot com-
pensation than $.2,0 per mile per annum, nor for second
cl iss service on any raihoad a greater compensation than
§150 p. r mile pci annum, noi for thud class -.ei vice on any
railroad a greater compensation than $103 per mile pet
annum, nor (or the fomth chtsjs -enice on any lailioad a
gie.itei compensation than §>,",0 per mile pei annuni; nor
feh.ill he pay tor the conveyance of the mail on steamboat*.,
or on the steamboat poruon of a lailioad and steamboat
route, a «i t'aier compensation than above specified tor the
several elates, loss than twelve and one-hull pei ccnt.
Mr. JONES oecupicd the five minutes allowed
to him under the rule in explanation of ins amend-
ment. I propose (said he) that the Postmaster
General shall class the service hereafter to he re-
quired of the different railroads throughout the
Union, for the transportation of the mails, into four
classes, and for such transportation he shall not
allow §ieater compensation than that specified in
the amendment for each class of service respect-
ively. Under this anaiigement, I suppose, as a
matter of course, those faiger mails, such as those
between this city and New York, being required,
as at present, to be carried twice a day, wiil be of
the first class, and be entitled to the maximum
compensation of two hundred dollars per mile.
The large daily mails—such as the great southern
9
and also the great western mail—will be entitled to
ihe highest pay for that class, one'hundred and
fifty dollars—the other two classes being the one
the greater, and the other the less, local or way
mail, and paid as proposed in the amendment.
This country has partially made the experiment
of cheap postages, and I am gratified to know that,
thus far, it has succeeded well—far beyond what
some of us expected, and fully equal to the hopes
and expectations of its most sanguine friends. Sir,
the friends of this great reform, in advocating its
adoption, referred, with confidence, to the reduc-
tion of postages in England. There the postages
had been reduced to almost nothing—one penny a
letter. But there, as I understand, scarcely any-
thing is paid for transporting the mails; there the
mails are transported mostly over railroads; many
of them receive no pay at all for carrying the mails;
others receive, perhaps, about a penny a mile—
not quite two cents, or some other nominal and in-
significant sum; while but one railroad in that
country, if I am correctly*informed, receives what
would be considered as pay for carrying the mail,
and that one is required to run in the night, with-
out a passenger train, but solely for the "transport-
ation of the mail. I am not for adopting this policy
towards the railroads in this country. No, sir; I
am in favor of paying them liberally. In my
amendment, I propose to allow what tome appears
to be ample compensation, being nearly twenty-
five per cent, higher than is now paid for any post-
coach service in the United States. The highest
pay for any post-coach service at present being
one hundred and twenty-eight dollars per mile; add
twenty-five per cent, on that amount, and it will
make one hundred and sixty dollars per mile. I
propose to pay for the most important daily rail-
road service one hundred and fifty dollars. My
firm impressions are, that railroads can better afford
to carry the mail for the sum now proposed than
post-coachcs can for the compensation now re-
ceived.
Mr. J. soon after withdrew his amendment, giv-
ing notice that he would avail himself of a different
time and mode of reaching his object.
Mr. BOTTS now obtained the floor, and wished
to address the Chair, but was pronounced out of
order unless he rose to explain an amendment. He
thereupon said he would offer one, and offered the
original icsolution slightly modified.
Mr. B. said he only desired to state to the com-
mittee the position m which they would be placed
by the adoption of the amendment of the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Jomes.] He verily thought,
when he heard it read, that the gentleman had of-
fered it in sport; little dreaming that the House
would ever think of passing it. Here was a con-
troversy between the Post Office Department and
a railroad company. The department offered
$30,000—the company demanded §32,000.
Here Mr. B. was called to order by Mr.
THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, who called for
the reading of the rule which foibade the grafting
of one bill or resolution on another, &c.
Mr. BOTTS. What? Cannot I explain another
amendment as introductory to the discussion of my
own ? May I not be allowed to make my speech
m my own way ?
The CHAIRMAN reminded Mr. B. that the
rule allowed each gentleman offering an amend-
ment five minutes to explain that amendment. It
might be difficult for the Chair to decide in that
time whether a gentleman was speaking exactly in
order or not.
Mr. BOTTS. I should indeed think it an exer-
cise of great ingenuity if the Chair could now tell
what I mean to say. The railroad company re-
fused the $30,000 offered by the department, and
hence it is that this question has come before Con-
gress. The Post Office Committee has reported a
resolution providing that that offer is to be renew-
ed; and thereupon the gentleman from Tennessee
proposes an amendment declaring that the com-
pany may have the contract at that price, if they
will only consent to pay all damages which the
Postmaster General in his discretion shall impose
upon the company for refusdng his offer—which is
pretty much the same as saying, " you may carry
our mail for nothing, if you choose." Thank you
for small favors.
Mr. JAMIESON moved ta recommit the reso-
lution and amendment.
The CHAIRMAN ruled it out of order.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, moved the following
amendment:
Resolved, That nothing in this resolution shall be so con-
strued^ toicquire any increase ofthepiesent expenditure
in the Post Office Department.
In explaining his amendment he said~its object
was that his constituents might not suffer from any
action Congress might take on this subject. There
was in his district a very peculiar arrangement for
the transportation of the mail. It was carried from
the eastern extremity of the district quite to the
western, through six counties, a distance of two
hundred and thirty miles; and, in order to convey
a letter from one county seat to another, situated
but twenty-five miles apart, it was made to travel
a circuitous journey of more than three hundred
miles, and was two weeks upon the way, while a
traveller could pass fiom one point to the other in
five hours. This was but a specimen, a small part
of the inconvenience suffered by the people of his
district from year to year. They had applied to
the department fop- relief, but it was refused, be-
cause the department could afford no more expen-
ditures in that quarter. Mr. H. had thought that
now brighter prospects began to dawn upon them;
but if the expenditures of the department were to
be increased in the eastern portions of the Union,
his people would have to groan on and suffer on for
years to come. It was true, gentlemen said it
would cost the department but some $2,700 more;
but the expenditure of u single thousand dollars in
his district would give his constituents all they de-
sired; and so great an anomaly as the carrying a
letter three hundred miles to a town twenty-five
miles off, and keeping it two weeks in reaching a
point which a man on horseback could reach in
five hours, would be put an end to. Till that was
done, he must object to any increase of expendi-
ture here.
Mr. HASKELL moved that the committee rise.
Lost.
Mr. JAMIESON renewed his motion to recom-
mit with instructions. Not in order,
Mr. BOTTS was undeistood to have withdrawn
his amendment.
The question was put on Mr. Hall's amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. Meade's substitute next came up, as fol-
lows:
Be it resolved hy the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congiess assembled, That
the Postmaster General be, and he is hereby, authorized m
future to contract with the railroad companies for the trans-
portation of (he mail at a price not exceeding £-237 50 a mile
tor tianspoiUng the mail oncc aday, and $300 for tianspoit-
ing the same twice a day: Provided, That for such seivice
performed m the night-time an additional compensation, not
exceeding 1 o per cent, on those sums, may be given.
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be, and he is
hereby, icquired to cau*e the great northern and southern
mail to be tian^poited by steamboat and railroad, on the
usual route, until otheiwi.se dnected by law, piovided the
same can be done foi the pi ices herein piescribjd.
Mr. MEAD said, his object in offering his
substitute was, to furnish a fixed rule by which
the Postmaster General should be governed in
making his contracts. He recapitulated the terms
proposed by his amendment. He understood that
there were some in this House fvho thought §237
50 per mile was too much. He begged them to
remember that the whole nation was interested in
keeping up at least one line of lailroads from here
to New Orleans, for the national defence of the
country. And he wished to state the fact that
there was no railroad between this city and
Charleston, South Carolina, the stock of which
was worth seventy cents on a dollar; and it was
with great difficulty now that,under immense debts,
these railroads could keep themselves up. The
stock of the railroad between this city and Rich-
mond was not worth More than $75 per §100. The
railroad from Petersburg to Roanoke was not
worth more, and the railroad from Roanoke to
Wilmington was not worth more than 20 par cent.
