134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 10,
ner in which they were set forth in the message.
And though Mr. S. could not entirely agree in
some of the very nice distinctions drawn by the
Senator, yet he regarded his argument as unan-
swerable in respect to the sense to be put on the
constitutional power intrusted to Congress of
" regulating commerce." Before he had examin-
ed that able argument, Mr. S. had held the opin-
ion that Congress had not the power of facilitating
navigation now claimed; but the Senator's speech
had changed his opinion. The honorable Senator
based himself upon contemporaneous construc-
tion, upon the action of the States, and upon the
action of Congress at the introduction of the Con-
stitution. Before «he adoption of that instrument,
as was well known, the States claimed the right
of regulating commerce by facilitating navigation,
that power which the President now denied to
Congress as unconstitutional. On the adoption of
the Constitution, Congress claimed the right of do-
ing the very thing which the States had done pre-
viously. On the"7th April, 1789, just one month
after the Federal Government had gone into oper-
ation, an act passed both Houses authorizing the
erection of light-houses and the maintenance of
buoys, beacons, &c., and provided that the cost of
such erection and maintenance should be borne by
the treasury of the United States, with the provi-
so, however, that this should continue but for a
single year, unless, previously to the expiration
of that period, the States respectively in which
the light-houses, &c., were situated should cede
to the United States the land on which they
stood.
Mr. S. said he considered the error into which
the President had fallen to be this : he confined
himself to one particular class of improvements
which were cotemporaneous with the adoption of
the Constitution, thus drawing a distinction in the
application of its language which did not in fact
exist. He confined the power given by the Con-
stitution to one particular class of improvements
which diil not essentially differ from those in re-
spect to which he denied it. What was the use
of light-houses, buoys, and beacon-lights, unless
it was to aid commerce, by facilitating navigation'
And why was this whole class of subjects placed
under the Department of the Treasury, if they
had not that object? If a light-house or a buoy
showed to the approaching manner a rock or a
shoal, and thus prevented him from shipwrecking
his vessel upon it, and was for this end allowed
to be built or placed by the direction of Congress,
why was it not equally constitutional for Congress
to effect the same end by removing the rock or the
shoal, and taking it out of the way ? And if it
was in conformity with the Constitution to place
a beacon-light or erect a light-house for this object
on the shores of the Atlantic, why was it not
equally in conformity with that instrument to
place one on the banks of the Mississippi, to show
to the pilot of a steamer a dnngerous snag' And
if it was constitutional to save the boat by placing
a light upon the snag, why was it not equally so
to cut the snag away or root it up?
Mr. S. said it was with great regret he was
compelled to differ on this subject from many of
those with whom he had been 'in the habit of co-
operating; but he must be permitted, with great
respect, to ask them to show him the difference,
in principle, and in view of the Constitution, be-
tween these two operations; and further, to say
whether the President must not have been mista-
ken in point of fact when he said that this power
had not been exercised by Congress for the last
thirty years. Mr. S. did not mean to be under-
stood as impugning the accuracy of the facts stilted
by the President, or charging him with misrepre-
senting them; but he thought the President's mis-
take arose, as he had already said, in confining
his application of a constitutional power to one
class of improvements only, where there was no
essential ground for such a distinction.
The President himself had declared, in the words
of a former message of his to Congress, that Con-
gress had from the foundation of the Government
erected light-houses and placed buoys and beacon
lights " to rentier navigation safe and easy." Now,
if Congress had the power, and from the beginning
had exercised the power of doing this, why might
it not do whatever else was necessary to effect the
same desirable end?
. ^e.r® S. quoted the passage in the message
to whicn he had referred, and in which the Presi-
dent says he shall not question or disturb the au-
thority for such works.]
And accordingly the President had last year
signed a bill appropriating $500,000 for light-houses
on the coast. Mr. S. said that he had himself voted
against the bill, because no appropriations were
made for the West; in this he now admitted that
he had done wrong; hut he thought the President
himself had been equally wrong in voting money
to facilitate commerce by building light-houses,
while he refused it for improving riveis and har-
bors. The President put himself, in the one case,
upon precedent for his justification; but if prece-
dent was to govern his interpretation of the Con-
stitution, Mr. S. could show him as many prece-
dents one way as the President could show the
other way.
• Mr. S. had said that it required great moral cour-
age on the part of President Polk to oppose himself
to the opinions of great men of his own political
party. In so doing, he placed himself in opposition
both to the opinions and the course of action of
Andrew Jackson. So far as the doctrine of the
veto agreed with and confirmed the opinions put
forth and acted on by President Jackson, Mr. S.
had heretofore stated that he approved of, and was
ready to maintain it. He believed as Jackson did,
that the system had been carried too far; and it
was probable that in the bills vetoed by President
Polk there were contained some items to which
this remark would justly apply. But Mr. S. held
in his hand the evidence that, whatever might have
been the opinions of General Jackson, he had ap-
proved bills for objects as objectionable to the full,
in point of principle, as any of the bills he had
vetoed. In the very last year of his administration
he approved and signed a bill for improving the
harbor of Oswego, on Lake Ontario, in the State
of New York. In the year 1838 he signed a bill
to build a breakwater on Staten Island. In the
year 1S37 ho approved and signed a bill for improv-
ing the navigation of the Hudson river, and another
for the navigation of the Mississippi. Andrew
Jackson was not the man to do things by inches—
to work by piecemeal. "When he went into a re-
formation at all, he went into it boldly, alone, and
on a great scale. He considered neither himself
nor Ins party. Look at his attack on the Bank of
the United States. Had he deemed it right to go
as far in denying the power of Congress as Presi-
dent Polk had done, he would have done so openly
and left his deed on record. But Mr. S. denied
that He ever did; and if he did, he had contradict-
ed his own principles by the very last bill he ever
signed.
Mr. S.,in taking the position he now did, feared
not to plant his foot on ground consecrated by
the name of that great man. Great he was; great
in soul; and of that there was the evidence all
around us. If any man doubted it, let him look at
those noble public buildings whose erection marked
the era of his administration. But let any one now
walk up near our War Department, and he would
find that a company of private individuals were
putting up a building lor which that department
were to pay them a rent of $£15,000 per annum, (so
at least he was informed.) Such were not the ideas
; of Andrew Jackson. Look at the public buildings
of the Government, and see the enduring monu-
ments of his greatness of soul. There was seen
the largeness of his conceptions. Mr. S. desired to
see a continuance of the same way of thinking.
But it was said that a light-house was a building,
and Congress had power to put up such a building,
because it might purchase the giound on which to
erect it; and when the ground was purchased, Con-
gress had the right by the Constitution of exclusive
legislation there. Its language was:
'• To e;\e}<?;se exclusive 1 ecu-Lit]on in all cases whatsoever
ovei Mich uis.net (not exceeding ten miles bouare) as mav
b\ ees-ion ot paihcukir State*, and the acceptance of Con-
precs, become the teat of the Government of the tinned
btatcfe, and to exerci->e like authontv over all places pur-
chased by tiie consent of the Leghiature of the State in
winch the -ame shall be. for the ereetim ot fort*:, ma<*a-
zn.i'*, arsenals, dock-yaid*, and other needful buildings.®
To the same effcct was the reasoning in the veto
message: ,
"Congress did not even ariunic the povvei to erect light- !
houses* or build piers without fn>t puichaMiig tin- ground 1
.with the consent of the States, and obtaining jurisdiction '
over it.-' ' |
This language went upon the idea that jurisdic- ;
tion over a plot of ground gave Congress power I
to do anything it pleased within those limits; it j
might put up any building it deemed of public1
utility there. Was this so? Then Congress might
erect a church there, or a paper-mill; for nobody
would deny that these were buildings of public
utility. If it might put up a light-house, simply
because it had exclusive jurisdiction over a bit of
land it had purchased, it might build a church by
the side of it. No; if it had the power at all, it
must come from some other clause than this of the
Constitution. The power conveyed here must be
held as it was restricted by the provisions in other
parts of the instrument. It could not do anything
I on this plot of ground than what other grants of
the Constitution empowered it to do; otherwise all
Congress had to do was to get the soil of a certain
State or part of a State conveyed to it, and straight
it became omnipotent within those limits, and
might do just what it ph ased.
While Mr. S. was speaking, there were very
great and important works going on, between
which and those vetoed by the President no sound
and just distinction could be satisfactorily shown;
; yet to these no man thought of objecting. He
j would ask gentlemen whether the United States
! officers engaged in that useful and important work
j had a right to traverse the States, and do ail the
! acts necessary to perfect that great undertaking,
j if the Government, under whose orders they acted,
i possessed no power to aid commerce by facilitating
i navigation ?
| It was held by some that because Congress had
| no jurisdiction over fhe soil of the Slates, it had
therefore no power to construct works of internal
improvement within their limits. But great rivers,
like the Mississippi and Missouri and Ohio, were
public highways, and no question of jurisdiction
arose in regard to them. Any one might remove
an impediment out of such a public highway with-
j! out encroaching on the jurisdiction of any one of
i the States. What, in fact, had the question of
i; jurisdiction to do with the matter? Nothing at all.
But a gentleman from South Carolina last ses-
sion justified the erection of light-houses, buoys,
&c., because Congress had maritime jurisdiction
over the coasts of the United States. But what
was maritime jurisdiction? Only the power to
judge of contracts and the infringement of them
which related to vessels and those who navigated
them; and it was the same jurisdiction which "was
enjoyed by the State governments. It had nothing
i whatever to do with the power to execute works
j of internal improvement to facilitate navigation.
But Mr. S. would refer the committee to some
; other persuasive arguments employed by the Presi-
: dent against the power for which Mr. S. con-
j tended. He said:
" If the power to clear out or deepen the channels of riv-
j ers neai their mouths he admitted, it is not easy to perceive
] how the power to improve them to their fountain-head and
! make them navigable to thur sources can be denied. Where
I shall tht, exeieise of the power, if it be assumed, slop? Ha3
l Congress the power, when an inlet is deep enough to admit
| a --cnonneij to deepen it >liil more, so that Jl will admit
1 ships of heavy buiden; and has it not the power, when an
| inlet will admit a boat, to make it deep enough to admit a
j! -schooner? May itimptove rivers deep enough already to
[j float ships and steamboats, and has it no power to im-
] i prove those which are navigable only for flat boats and
baigesf"'
M That was the President's argument. If theUni-
|| ted States Government might improve the naviga-
|j tion of rivers near their mouths where their cliau-
II nels were deep, therefore it must have the same
ji power at the rivulets and springs which formed
'j their source. This was much like the^argunient
that because Congress had the power to use post
mads for the conveyance of the public mail, there-
fore it might make post roads in every quarter of
j the country, and to every man's door. Was not
; the argument as s;ood in the one case as in the
, other? Because Congress had the power to build
| vessels of war, might it therefore become a part
; owner and build ships for the purposes of com-
j mercial enterprise? Because it might construct
Ij mail steamers, could it run steamboats to Canton
j and to all the islands of the Pacific? If the Presi-
|, dent had power to purchase a right of way from
the Atlantic to the Pacific, across the isthmus of
Darien to Chagres, had he therefore an equal right
i to purchase a right of way from one ocean to the
other, across Europe and i\sia? Yet Mr. S.'s ar-
gument against such a power was much lik'e the
President's argument against the pojver of internal
improvement. At the last session, Mr. S. had
said that, as the Government were building a
. steamship at Pittsburg, it must possess the power
I of taking her down to the ocean; and if bars in-
' tervened in the river, it must have the power of
