1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
surveys, plats, and field notes, reported the same
without amendment; and submitted a special re-
port on the subject, which was ordered to be pi int-
ed.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom had been referred the memorial
of the Legislature of the State of Illinois respect-
ing the Saline Reservations, reported a bill confirm-
ing former sales by the State of Illinois of the
Ohio Saline Reservations, and authorizing the sale
of the residue of such, reservations; which was read
and passed to the second reading.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom had been referred the petition of
George S. Gaines, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom had been referred the peti-
tion of Wrlliam Marvin, reported a bill for his re-
lief; which was read, and passed to the second
reading.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill making an additional ap-
propriation for the dry dock at the Brooklyn navy-
yard; which was read, and passed to the second
reading'.
Mr. YULEE said : I would ask the immediate
action of the Senate on that bill. A communica-
tion has been received, from the Secretary of the
Navy, transmitting one from the chief of the Bu-
reau of Construction, in which Congress is inform-
ed, that the appropriation for the dry dock'at
Brooklyn is entirely exhausted, and that they are
without the means of making payments for the
work during the present month. 1 believe that the
communication states, that there is not enough to
carry them through the month of December, which
has just expired.^They ask an appropriation of
$150,000, in order to go on with the work. The
Committee on Naval Affairs in the House have,
reported a bill precisely similar to that reported
by the Committee on Naval Affairs of the Senate.
It is necessary that action should be immediate on
this bill, in order to prevent detriment to the struc-
ture, and to meet the public engagements con-
tracted already, and daily occurring. Will the
Secretary have the goodness to read the commu-
nication to which I have referred, as it will inform
the Senate of all the facts in the case ?
The Secretary read the. communication
The bill was then read a second time, by unan-
imous consent, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole; and no amendment being made, it
was reported to the Senate, and ordered to be en-
grossed and read a thud time.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said that he feared that
very partial attention had been directed to the bill
before the Senate. It was one of very consider-
able consequence, and yet, for one, he did not ex-
actly understand its objects.
The bill was again read.1
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have no objection.
Mr. DICKINSON. At the last session, we
passed a bill making an appropriation for this
work, when the merits and demerits of the sub-
ject were fully discussed, and the whole policy
gone over and approved.
The bill was then read a third time, and passed.
ASSISTANT PURSERS.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill providing for
the appointment of assistant pursers m the navy.
The amendment heretofore submitted by Mr.
Badger, to strike out the words " by warrant,"
and insert " by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate," was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE said,'that as he was desired by
Senators near him to explain the necessity of this
bill, he would do so very briefly.
There were eighty-one vessels attached to the
naval establishment a year ago. This number has
been increased during the past year to meet the
necessities of the service on the Mexican coast.
There are sixty-four pursers in service, of whom,
there are—
Now at sea     33
On duty at shore stations 14
Unfit for active sea service from age and in-
firmity 4
Recently returned from sea and settling ac-
counts    4
Detailed for vessels now fitting for sea.... 3
Waiting orders     .6
There are fifty-four vessels in commission at the
present time, so that there are in fact.now twenty-
one vessels without pursers, the duties being per-
formed by their commanding officers.
This consequence is detrimental to the service,
and un just to the officers obliged to act as pursers of
their own vessels, who are generally not conver-
sant with accounts, and whose appropriate duties
totally conflict with the functions of a purser.
Several very hard cases have grown out of this
deficit m the number of pursers. Several officers
of the navy, whose brilliant achievements on the
coast of Mexico entitle them to the thanks of the
country, and would have brought to them high
promotion in most other countries, where the rule
of lineal promotion is less rigidly observed, have
returned home to be mulcted in damages, instead
of being rewarded for their meritorious conduct.
Some of them have balances of one or two thousand
dollars found against them for the want of formal
vouchers, although there can be no doubt of the
actual expenditure. And the monthly pay to
which the law entitles the officers thus situated is
subject to be abstracted from the support of their
families, and carried to the credit of the Govern-
ment.
This is all wrong. Now, &hat is the remedy?
The most economical and advantageous mode of
supplying the deficit in the number of pursers, is
that recommended by the Secretary of the Navy
and reported by the committee. The assistant
pursers will receive a less salary than the pursers
are allowed, and will fully answer the necessities
of the service in the class of smaller vessels. The
alternative is between the inciease of the number
of pursers, or the addition proposed by this bill to
the corps. There can be no question that this is
the preferable measure; for, besides the advantage
on the score of economy, the Executive will be
able to make his selections for the grade of purser
after a trial of capability and according to the rela-
tive merit of the persons filling the grade now pro-
posed.
Mr. WESTCOTT offered the following amend-
ment to the first section:
Provided, That no person shall be nominated or appoint-
ed an assistant purser until lie shall have first pa-s^d an
ftxammaiion bofore a board of purctns of th« navy as to his
qualifications for such office, in like manner as assistant
surgeons of the navy are now required by law to pass such
examination.
Mr. WESTCOTT observed, that he offered this
amendment at the suggestion of several Senators
who coincided with him in opinion as to its im-
portance. The first object of it was to decrease
the Executive patronage. It prevented the selec-
tion of mere office-hunting political partisans with-
out qualification, and in reward for political ser-
vices; and if such are chosen, it would ensure, at
least, that they ha\e the necessary education and
intelligence. This law provides that all pursers
are to be appointed hereafter from these assistant
pursers. These assistant pursers should have
mercantile knowledge—skill as accountants—both
of which attainments are professional, and, in fact
may be called scientific. They should be exam-
ined as to these and other qualifications by a board
of purseis before they are selected. No man can
then become a purser or an assistant purser, un-
less he possesses at least the qualifications I have
alluded to. The effect of a similar lule as to sur-
geons in the navy, and as to surgeons in the army,
and as to cadets at West Point, and midshipmen
seeking promotion, has been salutary. I hope this
amendment will be adopted before the bill is sent
to the House.
Mr. YULEE. I hope that my colleague v/ill
consent to withdraw this amendment, or else that
it will be voted down. I do not think it at all im-
portant that the bill should be thus amended; and
I trust, upon reconsideration, my colleague will
withdraw it. Sir, it may be very proper that the
surgeons and assistant surgeons of the army and
navy should be subjected to an examination as to
their professional and scientific attainments, inas-
much as perhaps it may not be in the power of
the President, without the aid of a board of gen-
tlemen schooled in the profession, to decide upon
their qualifications; but in respect to pursers, sir,
there is no necessity for any other qualification
than the ordinary one of being a good accountant,
and the higher and more important qualification of
integrity, which the board cannot decide, but
which is very properly committed to the President
and the Senate to decide,. My colleague is mis-
taken in regard to the duties of these pursers.
They do not make purchases: they simply dis-
tribute the articles purchased, and disburse th.e
money that is placed in their custody for the pay-
ment of the officers and men of the navy. That
is all. The highest and most important qualifica-
tion is integrity. I do not conceive that it is at all
necessary that the bill should be amended as pro-
posed by my colleague, and I trust he will with-
draw his motion.
The question being taken on agreeing to the
amendment, it was decided in the negative.
No further amendment being made, the bill was
reported to the Senate, and the amendment con-
curred in. The bill was then read a third time,
and passed.
TEN-REGIMENT BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill, on its third reading, to raise for a limited time
an additional military force.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, said :
My purpose, Mr. President, in now addressing
the Senate, is to give my opinion upon certain
points connected with the present war, which it
seems to be conceded may be properly discussed
upon the present bill. They are these—
First. Is the war a just and honorable one, or is
it unjust and dishonorable?
Second. Has it been heretofore properly prose-
cuted ?
Third. Plow should it hereafter be prosecuted ?
Fourth. What end, consistently with the good
name of the nation, should be attained by it?
Mr. President, upon each of these propositions
I propose to present my views with the frankness
and freedom which become a Senator, and at the
same time with the deference which I sincerely
feel for the opinions of those upon both sides of
the Chamber with whom I shall be found to dif-
fer.
Nothing, sir, is more annoying to me than to
refer at any time to anything personal to myself,
and it is especially so, to do so in the presence in
which I stand. But there may be circumstances
which render it a duty. I feel myself in that con-
dition, and I therefore ask the kind indulgence of
yourself and the Senate to say a word or two of a
personal character.
To those who know me, Mr. President, it is, I
am sure, unnecessary to disclaim that I am actua-
ted on this occasion, neither in what I shall say or
do, by any other motive than the single motive of
duty to my country. If I could be mad enough
to desire any other political post of honor than the
one which I now hold, (sufficient, one would think,
to satisfy the cravings of any ambition,) I hope I
know myself well enough to be able to say with
truth, that I should scorn to obtain it by pander-
ing to popular passion or official power. But, sir,
I am proud to state, that I have no such dcsiie;
that there is no office in the gift of the present Ex-
ecutive which I would accept, and none in the
power of the people to give that I would take. In
the school of political ethics in which I have been
taught, I have imbibed as my first and last lesson,
the-duty to do what you believe to be right, and
confidently abide the result. Be it the approba-
tion of your fellow men, or not, you have then
the approbation of your own conscience, trans-
cending, infinitely transcending in true value, any
reward that can flow from human source.
As to popularity, sir, I estimate it as nothing if
it is sought after. Its real worth is when it fol-
lows good ends, accomplished by good means. It
becomes disgrace when catered for.
I would not avow any political opinion which I
did not sincerely entertain, nor conceal one which
I did entertain, to win any honor which my coun-
trymen could bestow. Honor so won, if I was
capable of so winning it, would be to me but hourly
abasement.
Sir, 1 need not say that I came into this body
differing with the Administration upon almost
every subject of our public civil policy. This dif-
ference, decided as it was in the beginning, so far
ftom having been diminished, has been but more
and moie strengthened and confirmed. I believe
they misapprehend the true policy of the country,
and fundamentally err upon great a-nd vital points of
constitutional power. I may be mistaken, but I
believe as sincerely as I believe my own existence
that the day will come, and is rapidly coming, when
this will be seen, to.be the general opinion of the
