1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfiE.
189
' That the foregoing consent of Congress is given
upon the condition, that the said State be formed,
subject to the adjustment by this Government of
all questions of boundary that may arise with other
governments; and the constitution thereof, with
the proper evidence of its adoption by the people
of said Republic of Texas, shall be transmitted to
* the President of the United States, to be laid before
Congress for its final action, on or before the first
day of January, one thousand eight hundred and
forty-six. #•
The second resolution provides, That if the
President of the United States shall, in his judg-
ment and discretion, deem it most adyisable, in-
stead of proceeding; to submit the first resolution
to the Republic of Texas, as &n overture on the
part of the United States for admission, to nego-
tiate with that Republic, then that a State to be
formed out of the present Republic of Texas, with
suitable es&entand boundaries, and with two Rep-
resentatives in Congress until the next apportion-
ment of representation, shall be admitted into the
Union, by virtue of this act, on an equal footing
with the existing States, as soon as the terms and
conditions of such admission, and the cession of
the remaining Texan territory to the United States
shall be agreed upon by the Governments of Texas
and the United States; and the sum of $100,000 is
hereby appropriated to defray the expenses of
missions and negotiations, to agree upon the terms
of said admission and cession, either by treaty to
be submitted to the Senate, or by articles to be
submitted to the two Houses of Congress, as the
President may direct.]
Immediately upon the annexation, the Minister
of Mexico, General Almonte, demanded his pass-
ports, upon the ground that the annexation itself
was a state of hostility to Mexico, and from that
period to the march of General Taylor from Corr
pus Christi to the Rio Grande, the frequent efforts
of the American Government to terminate the con-
troversy by negotiation failed; and before that
march, the Mexican Government were collecting
their forces upon the Rio Grande, with the avowed
design, not of taking possession only of the terri-
tory between the Nueces and the Rio Grande, and
conceding to the United States that portion of
Texas which lay west of the Nueces, but of dis-
puting with the United States the title to the
whole of the country between the Rio Grande and
the Sabine, and upon the ground that the whole
and every part of that territory was still a portion
of Mexico by virtue of her original and paramount
title. Now, the proposition which I seek to main-
tain is this, that as between the Government of
the United States and the Government of Mexico,
the former had, in this condition of things, a per-
fect right, and the same right for the purpose of
repelling the threatened invasion, to march her
troops into the territory between the Nueces and
the Rio Grande, as into any territory situated be-
tween the Sabine and the ISTueces. The question
is not, whether such a movement of the troops
was, under all the circumstances, judicious and
prudent. It is not whether, by a different course,
an actual conflict might not have been avoided;
but whether, as a matter of right, as a matter of
self-defence, the United States had not, under the
Jaw of nations, full and perfect authority and jus-
tification to mako such a movement.
Now, what are the clear and indisputable facts?
The United States had received the Republic of
Texas into the Union without antecedently de-
fining her boundaries, and under a constitution
which reiterated what had been, as far back as
1836, a part of her original constitution as an in-
dependent Republic—that the Rio Grande, from
its source to its mouth, was her southwestern
boundary. The United States extended all her
laws over the State of Texas, as so admitted.
They had assumed actual jurisdiction at Corpus
Christi. They knew that there weie citizens be-
tween the Nueces and the Rio Grande who
claimed to be citizens of the State of Texas so ad-
mitted. They knew that for nine years the State
of Texas had existed as an independent nation. j
"Who proposed withdrawing Taylor on the 13th
May? Who denied then that we had good right
to repel the Mexicans and to invade, for the pur-
pose of avenging the outrages, any and every part
of Mexico? She had refused to negotiate; she
had considered annexation as war; she had termi-
nated all diplomatic relations; she had refused to
receive our Minister upon a mere quibble of the
then President, because he was afraid of his own
power—threatened with downfall, because it was
believed he was willing to negotiate at all. Sue
had mustered an army on the Rio Grande with
the declared object of invading all Texas and re-
covering the whole to her own sovereignty. Her
then Government owed Us existence to this very
determination. She had never maintained any
peculiar title to what is now called disputed terri-
tory. What, in this state, were the United States
to do? Were they bound to remain still and wait
the invasion ? or were they not authorized to meet
the threatened invasion, even upon the admitted
territory of the invader? Who doubts, that with
nations, as cwith individuals, the right of self-
defence gives the right to strike the first blow?
To prevent an injury is easier than to repair it.
Sir, where is the writer on the law of nations who
holds.a different opinion ? There are some propo-
sitions so pkun, that they admit of no illustiation;
they furnish their own best illustration, and this
is one of them. We had a clear, undeniable right
to meet Mexico at the \e y outermost limits of
Texas, and repel her there; or if we deemed it ad-
visable, an equally clear and undeniable right to
anticipate her by striking the first blow on her
own admitted territory. But u is said that the
place of conflict was on Mexican teiritory. If it
was, the argument in our behalf would not be in
the least enfeebled. She was there intending to
go further. She was there to drive our army back
to the Sabine. She was theie to leconquer Texas
—the whole and every part of Texas—and not to
retain a portion only, upon the ground that such
portion was not Texas.
But even the fact is not as alleged. Whether :
this portion of the territory was or was not right- i
fully a part of Texas, was, at least, a matter of j
dispute. Texas claimed it. Texas, over a portion |
of it, exercised jurisdiction. Citizens residing on \
it, claimed to be citizens of that Government, j
Mexico had in vain attempted to recover it. The j
Constitution of Texas included it. The United j
States had exercised, after the admission of Texas !
into the Union, sovereignty over part of it—the |
highest act of sovereignty, the taxing power. She ;
had received Texas into the Union without any
other definition of boundary, reserving the right
only as between themselves, Texas, and any other
Power who might question the justice of the
boundary, to settle it by negotiation. Without a
breach of honor to Texas, the United States could
no more have surrendered, without inquiry and ne-
gotiation, to an absolute and armed demand this
portion of the territory, than they could have sur-
lendered to such a demand the entire State.
All, then, that can be said is, that theutitle of
Texas to tins part of her teiritory was open to dis-
pute. Such a dispute is to be settled but by two
means, by negotiation or by force. If the nego-
tiation was refused, if Mexico elected the other
alternative—force, can she complain if we meet her
with force? But suppose her design was not ac-
tual force, but to get possession only of the dis*
puted ground. Had not the United States the same
right to take possession, and hold whatever they
possessed, until the question of title was decided
by negotiation? The very question of title might
have been affected by the fact of possession. Mex-
ico might have relied upon it as conclusive of the
inability of Texas, and the United States as their
successors, to prevent it, and as demonstrating
that the original sovereignty had not been lost by
the revolution. This, the United States had a
right to guard against; their own honor bade them
guard against it. if actual possession, by Mexico,
could weaken the title of Texas, it was their duty
to strengthen it by also taking possession. Pending
a question of disputed territoiy, not actually pos-
sessed by either^ who ever contended that it was
the duty of one of the parties to suffer the other to
take possession, and then try the title? No, sir,
no lawyer would give such advice. No statesman
would so act. Things should, in such a case,
be suffered to remain in "statu quo." Neither
should seek to get advantage of the other. If I
am right in this, and Mexico designed taking pos-
session, then she cannot complain if we also take
possession; and especially not, if she knew that, j
notwithstanding such possession, we were willing
at any time to negotiate on the question of title.
Sir, it has been said, that to march into the dis-
puted territory is an act of hostility. I concede it.
cut then to threaten to march—to prepare to march
—to muster an army to march, and with the avow-
ed purpose of taking forcible possession and hold-
ing, is also an act of hostility. This Mexico
did first, and we had then a clear right to anti-
cipate her. upon every principle of the national
law, by marching ourselves, and placing ourselves
in a condition successfully to meet and repel her.
Between nations, as between individuals, aggres-
sion may be met by aggression—assault" may be
met by battery. But it is said revolution gives no
title unaccompanied by actual and undisturbed pos-
session and jurisdiction. As a general principle
the proposition is true; but what is actual and un-
disturbed possession? Does it mean that the rev-
olutionary government is to have a soldier on each
foot of her asserted domain ? Does it mean that
every inhabitant within her territory is to ac-
knowledge and submit to her sovereignty ? Or does
it only mean, that such government is to have
possession, claiming exclusive title to the whole
of her asseited bounds, and possess the power and
determination to make that title good by force,
against the original sovereignty? 1 say it means
this and nothing more.
See the result of a different doctrine. We de-
clared our independence in 1776; the war continued
seven years. Suppose no treaty of peace had been
made recognizing our limits, but England had sim-
ply retired from the contest in disgust with the
struggle, as she might well have done, would not
our title at that moment have been as good to every
foot of our glorious Thirteen, as it was to the very
battle-fields of Saratoga and York town ? And yet,
how inconsiderable a part of our country was ever
trodden by the American soldier, or within actual
reach of his arm. And yet, how many hearts
throughout the contest beat high with true loyalty
to England, and were striking or were burning to
strike for her standard. No, sir; the proposition
is not true as it is sometimes understood. It means
only the ability to make the usurpation good by
force of arms, when the usurper's title is by force
of arms assailed. Subject to this test, who can
doubt that Texas had the ability to maintain her
title to any part of the territory claimed by her be-
tween the Nueces and the Rio Grande ? Let the
facts give the answer. After her declaration of in-
dependence, and after she had by force driven the
Mexican troops across the latter river, they after-
wards returned but twice, and were each time
driven back; and from the period of the last in-
cursion, in 1843, no Mexican soldier ever crossed
the river, and no civil officer of Mexico ever exer-
cised jurisdiction over it. Texas then claimed the
territory—Texas drove Mexico from it—Texas
had apparently the power, and certainly the will,
to drive her from it whenever she invaded it. If
these were the facts—and I appeal to the honorable
Senator from Texas for their truth—what doubt is
there, that to that part of her constitutional limits
she has a perfect title ? Sir, a word or two more,
and upon this point I have done. What Senator,
what American, would be now content to abandon
the territory, make the Nueces the boundary, and
fight only for that boundary? For peace, to put
an end to the war, to spare the further effusion of
blood, some might be found who would by nego-
tiation agree to that limit if Mexico would sur-
render all title to the rest of Texas. But who is
there who would now propose to fail back to the
Nueces, and abandon at once the intermediate ter-
ritory, the very fields of Palo Alto and Resaca de
la Palma, to IVIexico, and fight her only to the
banks of the Nueces? I believe, I hope, for the
| honor of a common allegiance, that there is not
j one. 1 have said that I trusted, for the sake of
! our heretofore stainless character, that the opinion
t I have thus feebly endeavored to maintain, was cor-
I rect—that the war is on our part a just one.
! If not, sir, why is it not? It is because without
j justification we invaded Mexican soil. It is be- -
■ cause without justification we caused Mexican
; blood to be spilled upon Mexican ground. It is
' because they were met at their own homes, which
we invaded; upon their own fields, dear to them
i as love of country is dear—consecrated to them by
! all the associations which bind man to the soil of
his birth, in the holiest of all duties—the defence
of home and country; and have, without right,
without excuse, without palliation, given them to
the sword—slaughtered them by hundreds and
thousands, and driven the survivors away. Sir,
would not such a tale of wrong, of itself, cover our
country with ignominy ? But it is not yet half
