142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 11,
hoods in millions and hundreds of millions of do!-
' Jars. That its statements are false, I am prepared
to prove from the Secretary's own reports. 1 will
show from his own figures that he has fallen into
mistakes, or misstatements of the truth, in one case
of eighty-two millions; in another instance of one
hundred and seventy-five millions; in another of
four hundred and one millions, and in another of
four hundred and twenty-three millions. 1 do not
say, I will not positively charge, that these mis-
statements were made with design; with that ques-
tion it belongs not to me to meddle; but I say that
hjs own figures prove the fact to be so. I will
give the Secretary's own figures, exposing their
gross, their palpable misstatements, book and page,
and I pray gentlemen to take them and show them
to Mi*. Walker, and let him deny or explain them
away if he can. This wonderful effort of financial
ability, this greatest production of the as:e, is so
replete with monstrous errors, that it is not won-
derful that the honorable Secretary should have
fainted (as he is said to have done) under the
amazing task of producing them, and endeavoring
to put them forth as truth. Sir, it is an easy thing
to prove the truth to be true; but the task of work-
ing error into truth is too great for even the sub-
lime genius, the herculean ability of Mr. Walker
himself; and I say it is no wonder he fainted under
the attempt.
Sir, the honorable Secretary has in his report
three great objects in view. The first is, to prove
that low duties always produced increased reve-
nue; the second is, to prove that the reduction of
duties has produced* not only an increase of im-
ports but of exports, and especially of the exports
of breadstuff^ and provisions; and the third is, to
show that, by reducing the duties and increasing
imports, he has benefited the farming, mechanical,
and manufactuiing interests of the country. Yes,
to show that importing foreign goods by millions
on million1?, and sending money out of the country
to pay for them, is the way to help the interests
of American labor! Yet so says the Secretary.
The first position this report attempts to estab-
lish is, that his project of reducing duties has pro-
duced an increase of tight millions of dollars in the
revenue. So far is this from being true, or any-
thing like the truth, that I will show that instead
of bringing into the treasury ei^ht millions more,
it has actually brought $7,202,657 less than would
have been recencd during the last year had the
tariff of 1842 remained in operation; a blunder of
the small amount of fifteen millions of dollars in a
single year.
If gentlemen will look at the first pages of the
three last annual reports of the Secretary, they will
find that, by his own showing, the tariff of 1842
produced in 1845 $27,528,112; in 1846,$26,712,667;
and in 1847, under Mr. Walker's tariff of 1846, he
received only $23,747,864, almost three millions
less than was received m 1846, and nearly four
millions less than in 1845. Now, sir, by looking
at the late report of the Secretary, it appears that
last year we imported about ten and a half mil-
lions more dutiable goods than in 1845, which, at
32 per cent., the average duties under the tariff of
1842, would yield ^3,416,^29, which, with the ex-
cess received in 1845 over 1847. $3,718,288, nukes
$7,202,657 moie revenue which would have been
received if the tariffof 1842 had not been repealed.
This is mathematically true; and yet, in the face
of these facts, the President and Secretary say the
revenue has been increased more than eight mil-
lions of dollars.
In his report of last session, he gives his own
estimate for th<=- proceeds of the present or last year
(1847) at $*27.835,731; yet it has actually produced
but $23,147,864, more than four millions less than
his own official estimate. Yet both he and the
model President say that the tariff has more than
realized the most sanguine hopes of its friends! 1
confess I do not comprehend statements like these.
Perhaps the Secietary may explain them.
Now as to the modus operandi, the legerdemain,
the sleight of'-hand, by which falsehoods are made
t") appear true, the plan by which he attempts to
make it out that he has received more revenue
tinder the tariff of 1^46 than was received under
that of J642. How is this doner It is done by
cutting up the years; taking a few months of one
year and four or five months of another—fhe
months under the tariff of 1842 and seven under
the tariff of 1846. Everybody knows the tariff of
1846 was passed in July, and did not go into oper-
ation till December; during this time imports pay-
ing duties were almost entirely arrested. The fact
being that the duties would in a few months be
greatly reduced, a very large amount of goods
which would have come in and paid duty accord-
ing to the then existing tariff of 1842, were with-
held till the duties came down. They were piled
up in warehouses or kept in bond till the tariff of
1846 and low duties took effect; besides, goods
which had paid heavy duties were reexported, and
the duties withdrawn from the treasury. During
this period, of course little revenue, in compari-
son, was coming in, though the country was still
nominally under the tariff of 1842. Now these
are the months which this very fair and candid
Secretary takes for his estimate of the produce of
the tariff of 1842. As soon as the reduced tariff of
1846 went into operation, ail these goods, which
had been held back waiting for the reduced duties,
were at once poured in, and in pours revenue by
millions. The goods and duties withdrawn from
the tariff of 1842 now return under the tariff of
1846; and these are the months which this truth-
seeking Secretary takes, as showing the compara-
tive product of this model tariff, contrasted with
five months of the tariff of 1842, giving a little over
seven millions, when, for two years before, the
revenue had exceeded an average of twenty-seven
millions! And this is put forth as a fair compari-
son. This is no deception. Oh, no; this is fair.
This is the way to bring truth to the people! He
might as well compare the strength of a giant and
that of a child, by putting down what the giant
could lift when on his sick bed and in his last
hours, and what the child could lift in the vigor of
healih and under a sudden and violent excitement.
Would this be a very satisfactory way of proving
that the child was stronger than the giant?
The next thing the learned Secretary attempts
to prove is, that tinder low duties more revenue is
always obtained than under high duties. To
show this, he selects ten years' income under a
high tariff,^>.nd ten years under a low one. He
selects ten years, from 1832 to 1842, under the
compromise bill, for his low tariff; and ten years,
from 1824 to 1832, eight years under the high tariff
of 1824 and 1828, with two years under the tariff
of 1842, as the high tariff period. Now, I assert,
that in the very years on which he relies, and
which he has selected for the compauson, his own
figures prove, not that he got less revenue under
the high than the low paid, but they prove that he got
eighlu-tico millions more under the high tariff than
he did under the low. For fhe proot, I refer gen-
tlemen and the Secretary to his own official report
on the finances in 1845, page 956. Here you have
his own report. Take it down, gentlemen; I de-
sire you to take a minute of what! state; for what
1 say 1 can prove. I hope the chancellor of the
exchequer that was [Mr. McKay] will pay special
attention to these statements. 1 say, od Mr. Walk-
er's own showing, that under the ten years of
low tariff the receipts were $214,885,858, and that
under the high tariff years the receipts were
$297,842,215. The difference in favor of the high
tariff is $82,956,356—$8,295,635 per year; and yet
the Secretary and the President say that all expe-
rience proves that low tariffs give the most rev-
enue! Whether such statements proceeded from
ignorance or design he would not say, but it was
one or the other. I refer (said Mr. S.) to day,
to date, book, and page. Let them look at
it. I want Mr. Walker himself to look at it. 1
suppose when he sent us his book, with all these
confident statements, supported by figures too, he
thought it would answer its purpose. He owes it
to his character for truth and candor to admit or
deny this statement, or authorize some friend to
do it for him on this floor. V/ill it be done ? We
will see.
And now for his positions on|he subject of ex-
ports. The Secretary affirms tlut the balance of
trade is always in our favor under a low tariff; that
our exports exceed our imports, and that the ex-
ports of breadstuff's and provisions are especially
increased. Now I say that, deducting the imports
during the ten years of high tariffs, selected by the
Secretary for comparison, from the imports during
the ten years of low tariffs, and it would appear
that the balance against the country under the low
tariff was $401,976,076—equal to $40,197,607 a
year; and deducting during each period the goods
reexported, the balance against the country would
be increased to the sum of $423,455,724, And .
how had it been paid ? By two hundred millions of
State bonds, sent to Europe to pay for goods; a
mercantile debt of nearly an equal amount, result-
ing at the end of the low duty period, in 1840, '41,
and '42, in repudiation and bankruptcy, State, na-
tional, and individual, throughout the land. Yet
we are told by the President and Secretary that
low duties produce prosperity, national and indi-
vidual, and especially the prosperity of the farmers
and laborers of the "toiling millions."
Dut this is not all. Take the exports from the
imports during these ten years of low duties, and
it will be found that the debt against the people of
the United States in favor of foreigners is $176,-
166,242. What a sum of national prosperity is
here exhibited!
Such is the evidence in favor of Mr. Walker's
position that low tariffs always turn the balance of
trade in our favor. Such are the happy effects of
his policy of free trade. Low tariffs always have
been and always will be the ruin of the country.
Let any man look at the scenes of general distress
which always have followed this insane policy; the
ruin of flourishing establishments, the multiplica-
tion of bankruptcies, the advertisements of sheriffs'
sales, the destruction of credit and confidence, the
prostration of enterprise, the stagnation of trade
and general condition of discontent and misery
which have invariably succeeded the adoption of
these false and visionary theories, and he will find
one of the best criterions to jud^e of their political
soundness. And such, I say, will always be the
consequences of a repetition of the experiment.
Mr. Walker says that thev never have followed.
I say they always have. Their whole theory is a
mistake, and practice will ever so prove it to be;
and when it is put forth m the very face of facts
which every intelligent man knows, it is difficult
to resist the conclusion that it is done to deceive;
that there is an object to be attained by misleading
the public mind.
Again: the Secretary asserts that low duties
have always been accompanied by a greatly in-
creased export of breadstuff's. And he attributes
the sudden augmentation in those exports during
the last season not to the famine in Ireland and
over the south of Europe, not at all, but solely to
his model tariff of 1846! That is what has done it
all. Low duties, not starvation, have induced the
people of the Old World suddenly to eat Indian
meal, and call out for American flour and Ameri-
can beef. But I wish to ask him—and I put the
same question to southern gentlemen in this
House—if this reduction of duties is the thing
which has produced so large an export of bread-
stuffs. pray why had it not in this same degree in-
creased the exports of cotton and tobacco? The
export of cotton under this model tariff of our
model President has been less by four millions of
doliars than the average exports often years past,
from 1835 to 1845.
What did this? What produced this falling off
under this beautiful fiee-trade policy' Was that,
too, the fruit of the tariff of 1846 P Why has there
been no increased export of cotton? Southern
gentlemen—cotton growers—how is this? And
you, ye tobacco growers, how comes it that, under
Mr. Walker's patent machine to increase exports,
the export of tobacco has fallen off a million and
a half? What say you to that? Was this the
' happy effect of the tariff of 1846? The Secretary
telis us that the starvation in Europe has had little
or nothing to do with the consumption there of our
breadstuff's; nothing whatever. Well, the starva-
tion has ceased, breadstuff* are down, and now the
redoubtable Mr. Secretary Walker is like to be
caught in his own trap! I tell you that m a few
weeks more, thecorn laws in England, shding-scale
and all, will be in full operation. They were
merely suspended, not repealed, during the famine;
and now, when the famine is over, and Air. Walk-
er is cauirhf in Sir Robert Peel's trap, the corn laws
go into full effect on the first day of March next,
and then exports erase, the revenue falls off, and
Mr. Walker will have to appeal to us to restore
the tariff of 1842, to replenish his empty sub-
treasury, and feed the starving armies, civil and
military, at home and abroad.
He next tells us with infinite satisfaction that
his report m favor of free trade and British goods
in 1845 was reprinted m England; thatlt Sir Rob-
eit Peel raised ht& eyes to the light of truth," No
wonder Sir Robert raised his eyes in astonish-
ment.' No wonder that he suspended the duties
