146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 11,
£tnd this in the very fixes of the declc\io.tion of the .
President, that, prior to 1826, the time fixed upon ;
as being the time Mr. Adams came into power, '
there was no appropriation for the improvement
of any navigable rivers. Here was another gross
misstatement of facts. But*he had not intended
to go at all at length into this subject
There was one other view contained in this :
message, which appeared rather from the reading
of it from beginning to end, than from any par-
ticular clause : that was, that General Jackson
checked and arrested the system of internal im-
provements; that he had found it in a very pros-
perous condition, plunging the country into bank- «
ruptcy and immense expenditure; and that by his
timely interference this system was destroyed.
That was totally untrue. There never was a more
gross misstatement. What were the facts? By
referring to the report which he held in his hand,
which gave the details of every single measure of
this character, it would be found that, prior to
1626, between 1805 and 1824, the appropriations
of this character for roads were $965,112. From
this report it appeared that the whole amount ap-
propriated during Mr. Adams's administration for
roads, harbors, rivers, and everything of that
character, was §2,311,475 2G; and during General
Jackson's administration, winch it was claimed
had checked this whole system, what did they
suppose was the whole amount oi these appropri-
ations? Why, 10,582,000 and odd dollars—more
than four times as much as was appropriated du- :
ring Mr. Adams's administration. And during
Mr. Van Buren's administration, after this system '
had been killed, as was claimed—when it was en- '
tirely dead—the amount of bills of the same char-
acter approved by him was 2,223,000 and odd
dollars. In the first year of Mr. Van Buren's
administration, ^2,000,000 of this was appropri-
ated; so that these appropriations, in one year of
Mr. Van Buren's administration, after this much- •
boasted execution of this whole system by Gen-
eral Jackson, amounted to as much, within a very
small sum, as the whole amount appropriated du- j
ring Mr. Adams's enure administration. It fur-
ther appeared from this report that the whole '
amount ever appiopriated for works of internal
improvement u-as ^17,109,223, of which they had
seen that more than tea and a half millions were
for bills approved by General Jackson.
2sfow, he was persuaded thac, upc
the country at large were i«ot at a!' aware of the
facts, and, from tne reading of this message, on
impression was com eyed totally adverse ai«d di-
rectly opposed to the real facts as he had shown
them to exist. Bui it was said that these works
were of a different character "fiom those works
which were signed during Mr. Adams's admin-
istration. Such was not the fact. With re-
gard to the appropiiat'.ons embraced in the bill
which was vetoed by Mr. Polk at the last session,
a very large part of them were for the very same
works which were commenced during General
Jackson's administration. Xow, it appeared to
him, in view of these well known facts, that the
statement made by the President of the history of
this system was grossly untrue and deceptive, and
unworthy of any Chief Magistrate. Fie ought to
have known the truth concerning this matter; he
ought to have been informed in relation to it. If
so, he should not have sent forth a document in-
tended to convey a false impression. If he was
ignorant of the tacts, he ought to have informed
himself before making a statement upon the sub-
ject. Whatever might be the case, the message
was calculated to produce an entirely erroneous
impression upon the country.
tn lelaurm to the apportionment of these appro-
priations among the ([liferent sections of the coun-
try* he had but a word to say. He had said that
the whole amount of appropriations of this charac-
ter ever made was about ^17,01/0,000. From these,
his section of the country, or his State, had never
beer) particularly benefited, although upon the
Atlantic seaboard, and very largely interested in
foreign and domestic commerce. Of this amount
of $17,000,090, the Xew England StaUs hnd re-
ceived, in xound numbers, $1,106,000: the Middle
States, iiicluding Virgiui.i, 927,000; the South
and Soathwest, exclusive of Virginia, £4,395,000;
and Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin, and
Iowa, $5,770,000.
Ht3 honorable friend from South Carolina near
hira [Mr. Holmes] wanted he shouid see how
| much had been expended in South Carolina. He
: would endeavor to oblige tliegentleman, if he could,
■ by ascertaining the amount. He referred, playful-
: ly, to the proposed appropriation for Charleston
harbor, which was last session struck out in the
: House, and remarked that it was struck out prob-
| ably against the gentleman's \ote.
! Mr. COBB inquired if it was not understood
; that it was stricken out because no gentleman from
, South Carolina would vote for the bill?
j Mr. ROCKWELL replied, that he could not
; undertake to say what was the understanding in
: the House. It was suggested by those around
him that it was not put in because his friend from
'■ South Carolina went behind the Speaker's chair,
and did not vote.
Mr. HOLMES. I voted directly against it.
Mr. ROCKWELL. Against the bill? But
how did the gentleman vote upon the particular
item for this harbor ?
Mr. HOLMES'S reply was not heard by the
reporter.
; Mr. ROCKWELL concluded by remarking that
the subject was one of great national importance,
1 and not confined merely to local interest. And no
portion of the country received as little as his did,
not only in proportion to the number of vessels
engaged in commerce, both foreign anS domestic,
but in proportion to the number of harbois which
needed to be improved, and to the entiie popula-
tion.
Mr. LINCOLN obtained the floor.
The committee rose and reported progress, and
then the House adjourned."
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred :
By Mr. GOTT: The petition of citizens of Syracuse,
Ne\v York, prayine Congress to put a stop at once to the
bloody and desolating war with Mexico, and that proposals
may be made as soon as practicable to all the nations with
! whom this Government maintains inteicouise for treaty
stipulations winch shall bind the parlies to the >etllement
of all future international difficulties by peaceful arbitra-
tion.
By Mr CROYVELL: The petition of Levi Nichols and
other>, citizens of Warren, Trumbull county, Ohio, foi a
further reduction of po-^taje. At fc tiie petition of John P.
Converse, prayinsr an allowance of his expenses wluiit act-
ins a- special agent for the Post Oflice Department, in set-
tling the c!aim-> oi certain toil-biid«;es a^ain-t Converge &
mail oon?tactor* from Sandusky to 'Detioit. AUo.
tne p^mon of A. ])ooiitt;e and others, cit'zens of Trum-
bull, P< rfj'je. and .^umiuit counties for a tn-weeMy ni.ul
r-iue frr.iu Warren, laumbull county, to Hudson, in Sum-
mit i oiuUw
By Mi DirKfVSON : A petition fjoin tV heirs-at-law of
John C Bf augrand. praymsr Consrre^ to cm ij into efTi et the
, pro\ Mons of the 6th aiiicie of the treaty of the 17th Match,
j lb42, with the Wyandot Indians. ANo, the petition of H.
, Burretand i£8 others, citizens of Ohio, prajimr Confess
> to improve and protect the harbor of PoiTVibnnr, on the
> Maumee rivei. Also, the petition of citizens of the coun-
. ties of Crawford and Wyandot. Ohio, pra\mg Connre-s tor
, a tri-week'} mail route from Bue>ne>, by Oceoia, Upper
• Sandusky, and L1 asey, to FmdScy, Hancock county.
Dy Mr. ROSE: Tne petition of John Moirison, of Gene-
va, \rew Yoik, a soldier in the war of for an increase
oi p^n^ion.
By Mr. ST JOKY The petition of Solomon Hei?ev,
prawns compensation for piopeity destro; euin the i.ttc war
with oieat Britain. &c.
Bj Mr. H \LL, <>f "Wi-souri: The petition of So!. Fra/ier
and other-', pr.iyins the establishment of a po-t route fiom
■ Brun-wick. Via I'Tica, tot*iiLitin, Mi<s-ouri Also, the pe-
tition of<undiy citizens of Daviess county, Mi-souri. upon
, til*-1 ^arn" -ub'ecf.
Bv Mr. TURNER.: The petition of Jame- Bernard and
180 olhfi-. pi a) in? for a mat) route from Di\on. Uhnoi<, to
Kock t>I<md. Aho, the pet:'iou of? Io>es W. All^n and^iJO
others, piajmg Conare-s to brina the unr with Mexico to a
speedv close.
By Mr. GIDDf YGS : The petition of E. Wade and forty-
eight othet inhrtbitant> of C-.evrlanu, Obio. pr.n injr timr the
.mount p.I'd for frvo female-, -old as ,-!av< > m the Di-trict
.ot Conunbia on an execution in fa\or ot the t/nited States,
maybe r^lumied to the purchaser, he naviii" manumitted
-aid >iavr->. AUo, the petition of Jonn ('. Vinton and thu-
tv- 'izht other citizens of Ohio. piawin? -urhehan^v of con-
>ntimon and laws a- to relieve the Federal Government
fiom all support of slavery.
B\ Mr. ROL'ivWKLXj, of Connecticut: The petition of
«undr< citiz,jn-> of Windham county, Connecticut, prawn"
C'onsre-- to take the nece^ary -tep? for «.fcennus an imme-
diate and pr-rurtm-rit peace with M<-\ieo, by svithdiavan?
our troop< from her ternroiy. re-ionmj iiijr*the provinces
which we now occupy, and for the appointment of commis-
sioners, &e.
By Mi. WENTWORTH : The petition of Oeo. F. Bloom
and Henry S IJlooin, of Will count}, Illinois, for a pre-
emption. Also, the petition of several ladies and sentlemen
of Warrenville, Ini P;tge county, Illinois, for a speedy ter-
mination of the war.
By Mr. FULTO\T: That the petition and accompanying
papers in the case of Benjamin Holland, on file in the
CjerkS oifice, be referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
: SIG/H.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January, 11 1848.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
j a report of the Secretary of War, made agreeably
| to law, exhibiting the expenditure from the con-
; tingent funds of the department, its bureaus and
: offices, during the fiscal year ending June 30,
! 1847. .
j PETITIONS.
| Mr. BRADBURY presented the memorial of
i John 0. Means, praying compensation for services
; as purser on board the United States brig Dolphin,
; m the year 1843; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of Thomas
i Jefferson Randolph, executor of Thomas Jefferson,
1 deceased, formerly President of the United States,
, praying CongreHS to purchase the manuscript
papers of said Thomas Jefteison; which was te-
ferred to the Committee on the Libraiy.
Mr. CASS presented the petition and papers of
I. C. Montague and others, citizens of Memphis,
Tennessee, praying that bounty lands may be
granted to the soldiers of the regular army who
served in the battles of Palo Alto, Resaca de la
Palma, and Monterey; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. CASS, the petition of Sha-
drach Gillet and other§, on the files of tiie Senate,
were referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
NOTICES OF BILLS, ETC.
Mr. HUNTER, Mr. BREESE, and Mr. DIX,
severally gave notice that on to-morrow they
would ask leave of the Senate to introduce certain
bills.
Mr. DICKINSON stated, that tiie discussion on
the Military bill had extended further than he had
anticipated, and he thought it pioper that he should
notify the Senate that he would call up his resolu-
tions to-morrow, during the morning hour; not for
the purpose of having a general discussion upon
them, but merely in order to submit some remarks
which he had intended to make upon them at an
early period.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. DAYTON submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration, which lies over under the
rule:
Resolved, That the President he requested to furnish to
the Senate (it' in lu& judgment not incompatible with the
P'lhuc vsei viee) cop^ of the letter refened to in his message,
of General Scott, of 20th May. 1837, and of the letterof Gen-
eral Ta\ lor ot 23th October, lt-iG, on the subject of •• foiced
contributions in ?,Ie.\ico."J and of ail other correspondence
on that subject (if any) not heretotoie communicated.
Mr. BALDWIN submitted the following res-
olution for consideration, winch lies over under
the rule:
Resolved, That the Piesident of the United Slate?, be re-
quested to communicate, for the information of the derate,
the correspondence between the Commi-Morif-i frnm the
I'nited State? and the Commi^ionei? appointed bvthe Go\-
ernment of Mexico to negotiate witn him. chirm" thc^u?-
pcnMOn of ho'tihtse^, alter tne battle- o  Contieias ind
Chu!ubu-=Co; ami any other information which may enable
the Senate to undei>.tand the h mis, pio<riev>, and*N-ue of
that negotiation,  o Mr a* he may d.' em the same not incom-
patible with the public interest.-.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, the Committee
on Mihtary Affairs were discharged fiom the fur-
| tiier consideration of the memorial of Isaac Varnes,
j] senior, and it was referred to the Committee of
!! Claims.
!| BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Agreeably to notice, Air. ASHLEY asked and
! obtained leave to bring in a bill for the relief of
j Creed Taylor; which was read the first and second
j time, by unanimous consent, and referred to the
|' Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
| Agreeably to notice, Mr. ASHLEY asked and
obtained leave to bring in a bill to alter and amend
1' the judicial system of the United States; which
m was lead the first and second times, by unanimous
i consent, and referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. I'ELCH asked and
obtained leave to brin^ in a bill to apply certain
alternate sections of the public domain toward the
completion of the Clinton and Kalamazoo canal,
in the State of Michigan; which was read the first
and second times, by unanimous consent, and refer-
red to the Committee on Public Lands.
KEPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee of Claims,
