1848.
THE 'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147
to whom had been referred the bill for the relief
of Susan E. Gordon, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. M. also submitted a report on the subject,
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CASS, from the Committee on Military-
Affairs, reported a bill for an increase of the medi-
cal staff of the arrtiy for a limited time; which was
read, and passed to the second reading.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom had been referred
the petition of Jones &, Boker, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill for their relief; which was
read, and passed to the second reading.
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom had been referred the bill autho-
rizing persons to whom reservations of land have
been made under Indian treaties to alienate the
same in fee, reported the same without amend-
ment.
Doniphan's expedition.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolutions, submitted by Mr. Denton on the 3d
instant:
Resolved. That there he printed for the u?e of the Senate
 copies of the tour or memoir of i)i. Wislizenus.
thiough the northern parts of Me.xico, as physician to Coi.
DoniphAn's column; bemg a history of th« expedition of
Col. Doniphan, with scientific ob^fervation<upon the face of
the country. Also, that there be engraved or lithographed
for the u^c of the Senate, copies of the superficies
map which accompanies the same. Also, the same number
of the baroinetucal map of the piofiie of elevations above
the level of the sea fioin St. Louis, in Mis&oun, on the line
of rnareh of &aid expedition, to Santa F6, in Nevy Mexico,
-and thence by Chihuahua, the Bolson de Mapmi, Parras,
Saltillo, and Monteiey, to R^vno^a, on the Rio Giande. Al-
so, the same number of the geological map, and the same
number of the table of meteorological observations winch
accompany the same.
Also, Be it resolved, That copies of the said me-
mon, with the accompanying maps, be printed for the use
of JDi. Wi^lizcnus.
On motion of Mr. DIX, the resolutions were
referred to the Committee on Printing.
editors ot the union.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution, submitted by Mr. Mason on the 6th
instant:
Resolved, That the editHta of the Union, a newspaper
printed at Washington, and who were late printers to the
Senate, be herealter entitled to the same access to the floor
of the Senate which is now extended to others who were
former like printers.
The resolution having been read, and the ques-
tion being upon its adoption—
Mr. MANGUM said: I hope the question will
be postponed until another day. The matter
seems to attract no attention whatever on the part
of the Senate.
Mr. WESTCOTT (from his seat.) The Sen-
ator mistakes (he subject of the resolution.
Mr. MANGUM. What is the resolution,
then ?
Mr. WESTCOTT. It does not refer to the re-
porters of the Senate. It is to admit Ritchie &
Heiss to the privilege of the floor of the Senate.
I believe they are not now officers or printers of
the Senate. I would inquire of the Senator as to
this fact. I think the resolution proposes to give
the same privilege as former printers to the Senate
now have, f did not hear the reading distinctly,
but I believe this is the purport.
At the request of Mr. CAMERON, the resolu-
tion was again read.
Mr. CAMERON then moved that the resolution
be amended by inserting the words "and publish-
ers" after the word " editors." He believed that
Mr. Heiss was known not as editor but as pub-
lisher of the Union.
Mr. HANNEGAN. Before any question is
taken on the resolution, I would suggest that, as (
the Senator who introduced it is not now in his !
place, it would be as well that it be permitted to i
he upon the table for the present. '
Mr. WESTCOTT. I wish to say one word. I
em not opposed to this resolution. Regarding it
as an act of clemency—a pardon by the Senate—
a mere act of gracc—I shall vote for it, and I pre-
sume on that ground no Senator will oppose it;
and if considered now, it will be adopted.
Mr. SEVIER. The resolution,is very clear
and explicit in its terms, being intended merely to
extend to those gentlemen the same courtesy as
others in a like situation are entitled to claim.
The question being1 taken on the amendment, it
was agreed to; and the question then being on the
adoption of the resolution as amended—
Mr. BERRIEN said: I suppose that the purpose
of the mover of this resolution might be accomplish-
ed by rescinding the resolution of the last session.
I am not aware, myself, what are the privileges
which are referred to; but I am perfectly content
that the purpose of the resolution shall be accom-
plished. I think that the sense of the Senate, re-
garding the occurrence wh ich induced the resolution
of the last session, was expressed by the passage
of that resolution. That purpose bemg accom- j
plished, I am perfectly willing to see the object of
this resolution attained. But I think, though I [
will not urge it, I think it would be more perti-
nently accomplished by rescinding the resolution
of last session.
Mr. MASON, having returned to his seat, said:
When I introduced the resolution, I had hoped
that it would be met by those who voted for the
lesolution of last session, in the spirit in which it
has been met by the distinguished Senator from
Georgia. I am gratified with it. The resolution
is drawn with an earnest desire not to provoke
discussion; and although I should acquiesce cheer-
fully m a proposition to rescind the former resolu-
tion, yet I had thought, and still think, and I am
still further strengthened in this opinion, by con-
versations which I have had with gentlemen
around mej that the resolution will be more ac-
ceptable in the form in which it now stands.
Mr. DAYTON. If the question be put upon
the resolution as it now stands, my impression is
that it will be adopted.
The question was then put on agreeing to the
resolution as amended, and it was decided in the
affirmative.
widow of col. mcrfa.
The bill for the relief of Mary McRea, widow
of Lieut. Col. William McRea, late of the United
States army, deceased, was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TURNEY called for the reading of the re-
port in this case, and it was read by the Secretary.
Mr. CASS sent to the Secretary's table a letter
from Mrs. McRea, \^hich was read.
Mr. PEARCE said: When this bill was before
the Senate at a former session, I felt it my duty to
oppose it, and I shall be compelled to do so now.
I'think the report contains a very erroneous state-
ment. I find it stated, that if an' officer of the navy
dies in the service, his widow will be entitled to a
pension; and that, as both military and naval pen-
sions are now paid out of the treasury, theie is no
good reason for discriminating between widows of
officers of the army and those of officers of the
navy. Well, all this is a mistake. The widow
of a naval officer, as I understand if, if the officcr
be killed in battle, or die from exposure in the ser-
vice, receives a pension; but not where the officer
spends a life in the service, receiving its honors
and emoluments, and dies from old age. it is true,
that when the naval pension fund, crcated from
the earnings of the navy, had accumulated to a
large amount, Congress very improvidently passed
a law, by which all widows of naval officers were
entitled to pensions from the time of the death of
their husbands, without reference to the cause or
the manner of their death; and so great were the
arrearages which were granted to widows under
these circumstances, that one of them, I know, re-
ceived the amount of about twenty thousand dol-
lars. By means of these heavy arrearages being
granted, the fund became exhausted, and Congress
then repealed the act, and now there is no general
provision on the subject. This bill is the intro-
duction of a new principle, and one whi«?h I think
entirely indefensible. Why do we five pensions
to the widows of officers of the army or navy ? i
think it is to repair to them, in some degree, the
injury sustained by them in the loss of their hus-
bands, which has been brought on by exposure in
the service, it is partly for this object, and partly
to stimulate officers in the performance of their
duty.
Mr. DIX. Will the Senator allow this subject
to pass by informally, as the honorable Senator
who was chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs last year, and who made this report, is not
now in his place-3
Mr. PEARCE acquiesced, and a motion being
made to that effect, the bill was laid upon the
table.
THE TEN-REGIMENT BILL'.
The Senate resumed the consideration, on its
third reading, of the bill to raise, for a limited time,
an additional military force.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have said all that I* pro-
posed to say upon the part of the subject to which
I called the attention of the Senate yesterday. It
is possible, however, that in what I am about to
offer to the consideration of the Senate, I shall in-
cidentally refer to it again.
I rise this morning, sir, to speak, in the first
place, of the actual conduct of this war under the
management of the President of the United States.
The war was recognized as existing on the 13th oF
May, 1846. We are now in the month of Jan-
uary, 1848, and to all appearance, the restoration
of peace is as far off and even further than it
seemed to be on the 13th of May, 1846. The
whole power of the nation, so far as he has deemed
it advisable to ask to have that power devolved
upon him, has been placed m the hands of the
Executive. Not an occasion—although there have
been so many and such glorious ones—has pre-
sented itself in which the American arms have not
been triumphant. And yet there is no peace. My
opinion is, and has been throughout, that the
reason is to be referred exclusively to the want of
vigor with which the war has been prosecuted.
We have had an ostentatious and asserted vigor,
but we have had nothing else, as far as the Presi-
dent is concerned.
I am very far from imputing—because I am in-
capable of making a charge which I do not believe
to be true—I am very far from imputing, that this
want of actual vigor has been intentional on the
part of the Executive. So far from it, I believe
that he has been deluding himself, from time to
time, with the idea that peace was to be obtained
without the effusion of blood ; a sad delusion,
one which must hereafter constitute a great and
overwhelming account of responsibility against
himself.
I said yesterday, that it was the march of our
troops from the Nueces to the Rio Grande that
was, in my opinion, the immediate cause of the
war. I say to-day what I have had occasion to
say in other places, over and over again, that I
believe that that march of itself, if it had been
made with a proper force, would not actually have
led to such a result. I have no doubt that if, in-
stead of sending the small but gallant band—the
heroes of Palo Alto and Resaca de la Palma—to
the Rio Grande, he had sent from five thousand to
eis;ht thousand men, not a drop of blood would
have been shed, and no Mexican ever have ven-
tured to have trodden the soil on this side of the
river in hostile attitude. But, sir, the war com-
menced, was recognized, and fifty thousand troops,
with an unlimited amount of treasure, were freely
placed at the disposal of the Executive, together
with an implied promise, such as to give the Pres-
ident the assurance (if such were needed) that this
unlimited amount could, if the expression may be
excused, be made still more unlimited. And yet
what has he done? Instead of calling out twenty,
or thirty, or forty, or fifty thousand men, as he
was authorized to do by the act of the 13th of
May, 1846, he and the officers at the head of the
War Department called them out by driblets, and
announcing to the country from time to time that
they had a sufficiency of force to conquer a peace.
What has been the consequence? That which
every man of intelligence who speaks os he thinks
must acknowledge, that great, and mighty, and
extraordinary as have been the triumphs of the
American arms, they have hardly furnished us
anything but the glory attending them. They
have, to be sure, illustrated the American chai'ac-
ter for valor and military skill; but they have
served no other purpose. And why, Mr. Presi-
dent? Because each struggle has been at such fear-
ful odds, that the gallant officers in command have
been unable to follow it up, or profit by the re-
sult.
Sir, look at the history of the campaign on the
Rio Grande. General Taylor, who, with a few
thousand men, marched to Monterey, and suc-
ceeded, after a dread and fearful conflict, in carry-
ing that almost impregnably fortified town, was
so"far crippled that he was unable to hold even the
prisoners that he might take. What happened
afterwards ? The plan of the "campaign is changed;
some new light dawns upon the mind of the Ex-
ecutive, and Mexico is to be stricken in a different
