148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 11,
part. There is a point still more vital to be as-
sailed—a point still more certain, if assailed, to
lead to the restoration of peace, and of the vindi-
cation of our outraged rights. What is done?
General Taylor is stripped of what was supposed
to be the very flower of his command. The ene-
my approached. Eight or ten millions of the
public property were exposed to be lost, unless
preserved by the gallantly and indomitable valor
of the few soldiers left behind to guard it. Almost
with electric speed it becomes known at the city
of Mexico, and an army su.ch as she had never
before marched into the field was organized,
amounting to some twenty or twenty-five thou-
sand troops, and led on by their greatest chief.
Mr. President, much as his previous successes
had satisfied every American that Taylor, and the
officers and men under his command, were compe-
tent to accomplish almost any triumph that human
power could accomplish, was there one who
did not then tremble for their later And the fact
that they were riot utterly annihilated may be con-
sidered almost a military miracle. Disparity of
force was comparatively nothing before the ener-
gies of American soldiers; and in the annals of
former military triumphs, the proudest of them
all will hereafter be regarded as nothing in com-
parison \Vith the victory of Buena Visu. They
are ah thrown in the shade by the brilliant light
of an exploit which, whilst it electrified tne Amer-
ican heart, astounded the world.
Let us look now, sir, to the campaign of last
year. General Scott was compelled to assail the
city of Vera Cruz with between 12,000 and 14,000
troops, and to carry, at all hazards, a castle sup-
posed to be impregnable. He succeeded in accom-
plishing it; but he has done little or nothing be-
yond that. Every battle which was foughtbetween t
VeraCruz and the city of Mexico was fought with
a disparity nf numbers actually appalling. That J
noble leader was forced to march a distance of one j
hundred and fifty or two hundred miles (! forget J
the exact distance) into the enemy's country, and j
for a great portion of the way through a dense •
population, to assail a city containing 130*000 or j
200,000 inhabitants, surrounded by fortifications, !
which were supposed to be impregnable, and with- i
out even the means of keeping up his communica-
tion with the seaboard for the purno.se of getting
supplies. These sjnphes found their way to inm
from time to t.me by the gallantry of the escort,
who were obliged to lignt foot by fo<  t almost every
mile of their progress. And at the end of all his
great and extraordinary triumphs, Scott finds him- !
self in the city of Mexico with only some 6,000 |
soldiers. Now, sir, who does not believe that, if \
he had started with an army of 30,000 men, al- I
though he might then have been deprived of the !
glory of his many victories, we mi^ht have been
in possession of the city of Mexico perhaps with-
out the shedding of a drop of blood—American or
Mexican 1 Who can doubt that it is the duty of
an Executive managing a war declared to exist by
a Christian people, to do what the honorable Sen-
ator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] saiu it would
ba the eilect of this mil to accomplish—not to en-
sure a tnumph on the battie-field, but to avoid a
battle by accomplishing success by force of num-
bers; to break down the moral power of the ene-
my; to conquer a peace by demonstrating to that
enemy that resistance is in vain r All at once (1
find no fault with it; on the contrary, 1 rejoice at
it) the eyes of the Executive have been opened.
Ali at once it seems to be perceived by him, that
the war heretofore has not been vigorously prose-
cuted, except on paper. Well, whose fault is it.
Mr. President ? Who would have borne the dr^ad
responsibility, if our gailan: little army on the Rio
Giande had been sacrificed ? Who would have
had the equally tremendous respon&ionitv, if those
gallant spirits now m the halls of the Montezumas
had been saciificed? The nations of the world
would have said, with one accord, the Executive
of the United States. Upon him the responsibility
for tiie useless and cruel expenditujr-s of blood and
of treasure would have rested. Sir, I make bold
to say, in speaKing in the presence of those ho
know infinitely moie upon such subjects than I
do, that if the President had called out the 50,000
volunteeis after heaung of the battles of Palo Alto
and Resaea de la PaJma, there never would have
been another blow sttuek in Mexico, and peace
long «ince restored. The Mexicans, to be sure,
have a high and indomitable spirit, (I speak par-
ticularly of that portion of them who have in their r
veins the true Castiiian blood;) but they know I
there-may be a point at. whirh resistance ceases to
be a virtue, and they would have seen that that was !
their condition when they saw a determination on ;
the part of the United States to exert their whole l;
power in the accomplishment of the purpose for j.
which war had been declared. 1
Who can doubt that, if the Executive of the j(
United States had announced that the purpose of •'
the war was merely to procure indemnity for !
wrongs, and to vindicate outraged character, and '
to maintain the honor of our Hag, and had placed
fifty thousand troops in Mexico, as he might have
done, it would have led to a cessation of hostilities ?
Sir, I think wc have no peace, because the Presi-
dent of the United States has not exerted the power
which Congress placed in his hands, and which
was intended to be exerted. 1 think, and 1 there- ,
fore charge upon him, that the American blood
which has been so freely poured out, has been 1
thus freely poured out because of his error. I
thmk, and I therefore charge upon him, that the ,
millions of money which ha\e been spent, and ,
hat e yet to be spent, have been and are to be spent <
because of his error. This is all that 1 propose to :
say, Air. President, on the manner in winch this I
war has been conducted. '
And this leads me to consider very briefly what
should be, in my judgment, the mode of its further
prosecution. There are only three modes to be
resorted to. The first is, to withdraw the troops
altogether—if not to the Nueces, to this side of the ,
Rio Grande. The second, to withdraw them to ■
what is termed a defensive line; and the third, to ;
carry on the war in the heait of the Mexican ter-
ntmy until Mexico agree to terms of peace. I .
prefer the last.
i Mr. President, lu saying that I prefer the last, I .
i do not wish to be misunderstood. I prefer the last ,
j if the end to be obtained is not one which, m my
I judgment, would tarnish the American name. I ■
| prefer the last, if the ooject to be accomplished is
; merely the vindication of our violated honor, and ■
j indemnity for our heretofore violated rights. But
! if the purpose of this war with the President of the^
: United States is to annihik^e the nationality of
' Mexico—if it is the forcible dismemberment ot her
■ territory, then I say, on my rcspoiisibiTuy as a
; Senator and a man, 1 would not give him a dollar,
i Sir, we hve at a time when character is oi lm-
j mense value with nations, as we know it to be
with individual*; and it tneie be anyone thing
■ w inch moie than another stains national charactei,
: it 13 USUI? national power to inflict national mjus-
; tice. And if there be any national crime more cry-
i ing and enormous m the opinion of all Christen-
i dom than any other, it is the forcible dismeinber-
|l ment of the territory of a weaker nation.
|; When I say, Mr. President, that I am for fight-
I: ing the war out, I mean that I am for fighting it
\ out in oruer to accomplish the purpose which we
1 seek to ha\e accomplished; that is, to have Ameri-
' can rights recognized, and American honor vindi-
j: cated; and so recognized, and so vindicated, as to
i furnish foil and complete security against any sub-
sequent violation.
'i The rirfet two points to which I have referred—
the proposition for withdrawing the troops, and
that for taking a defensive line—I have already
paid I cannot cowur in. To withdraw the troops
altogether, in my judgment, would he national
dishonor; and I cannot, therefore, entertain the
!j idea for a moment. To take a defense e line would
j' not, in myjudsment, lead to peace, but would, on
ji the eon'.iary, be perpetual war, and so far as ex-
j: pense is to be mentioned m any comparison with
the other calamities of war, it would bo attended
with infinitely greater expense than that ot fi«rhl-
\ ing it out. Now, sir, the objection to carrying
il the war on is, tne expenditure of money with
which it will be necessanly attended,and the con-
sequent derangement of the whole financial condi-
tion of the country. My impression is, from
some examination which 1 have given the subject,
and with an anxious desire to ainve at a satisfac-
torv result, that the war may be carried on in
Mexico without the expenditure of a single Amer-
ican dollar, and of course without affecting the
pecuniary condition of the American people, or
the pecuniary condition of the Government itself.
The resources of the Mexican Government, Mr.
President, even under all the disadvantageous cir-
cumstances under which that Government has ex-
isted, are infinitely greater, it seems to me, than is
generally supposed. The fact is, that until a com-
paratively recent period—indeed, until a short
time before the commencement of the war with
ourselves—the expenditures of their Government
have been about ^2] ,000,000 annually. And it
has been appropriated to these purposes: They
have had an army of 30,000 men always on pay,
costing the Government about $10,000,000. They
have had a civil-list bill of about ^6,000,000, and
interest to be paid on the puhlicdebt to the amount
of £5,000,000, making £21,000,000. Their army
has been punctually paid, their civil hst punctu-
ally mej, and the interest on the public debt, un-
til, u* i have said, a comparatively recent period,
has been mot with equal punctuality. From what
resouicek, sir? The pioducis of their mines, when
they aie in full operation; and for a series of
years, when in such full operation, they have pro-
duced §25,000,000 per year; they chaige what is
termed a tran&it duty on all the bullion that is
drawn from the mines, until it reaches the port of
exportation. The transitduty is paid in the form of
a permit, granted on the part of the Government, to
. convey the bullion from town to town, the permit
being renewed at each terminus until it reaches the
place of exportation; and when it gets there, it is
subject to an export duty of one percent. The
average amount of these transport duties, until the
bullion reaches the place of exportation, is about
two-and-a-half or three per cent. The gross
amount of bullion drawn from the mines, as I have
■ said, is about £>25,000,000. The Senate nill easily
perceive then, the amount derived from this source,
with an average of two-and-a-half or three per
cent, as transit duty, and - with a specific export
duty of one per cent, upon the value of every pound
of bullion expoited. The next sowrce of revenue
and the amount that it raises, it is almost impossi-
ble to calculate, or rather, to speak more conectly,
the amount it would raise if peace was restored to
Mexico, if that country was restoied to quiet, and
business operations were permitted to go on in their
ordinary cour&e. This source is the stamp tax.
They charge what is termed a stamp tax, on every
' descriotion of contract transferring every descrip-
tion of property of or exceeding the value of $500.
That is to say, every contract between man and
man relative to property worth $500, is tobe writ-
1 ten upon stamped paper, for which the parties pay
to the stamp officers six dollars. But according to
their laws, contracts of this description are lett in
the hands of a notary, and are recorded among
the official transactions of the notary, making it
necessary for the paities to the contract, if they
desire to have in their possession evidence of the
contract, to obtain official copies; and the result is,
; that each one of the parties almost invariably takes
'■ a copy of the contract. The copy is also written
;; on stamped paper, and for the, copies there is paid
six dollars each.
There is another source, and that is a duty on
I the sale of everything that is sold. Nothing
:■ pa? ses from hand to hand by way of sale that does
not pay a specific duty, regulated by the amount
: of the value of the articles so passing. Now, I will
, not estimate the amount thus derived; it is suffi-
!' eientformy purpose to state the fact as I understand
!1 the fact tu be, that the amount of revenue received
; from these sources has been abundantly sufficient
! to enable the Government of Mcxico to meet
> punctually its disbursements to thg amount of
: ^21,00U,000. This amount would support any
' army which we might put into the field; and
. this we would have a perfect right to appropriate.
Not to seize and confiscate individual property,
winch is abhorrent to every sense of justice, which
II would be an act of barbarism, a dishonor to the age
' m which we live, and a stain upon our national
i1 cnarocter; but to appropriate the public revenue of
! the country so as to enfeeble the power of their
■ Government, to reduce the military to the same
standard as private citizens, and piove, by the fact
1 that we ale thoioughly able to enforce it, that the
■ rcstoiation of peace depends on their submission.
'' Now, 1 behevo ad confidently an I can anything of
:■ which we have :<nv certain knowledge, that by
1 pursuing a course of this description for the pur-
pose of en fo re, m^tf termination of this war, we shall
; not ouiv obtain money as much as is necessaiy
1 for the support ol our army, but that of the money
so spent, no portion of it will come from the people
of the United States. .
■< Now, I know the objection that may be raised
