1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
cient, and I only stated, that from the official re-
turns, there appeared to be forty-five thousand
men now in Mexico.
Mr. CASS, (in his seat.) Forty-three thou-
sand.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. And the two regiments
from Michigan, which the. gentleman supposes, I
will be very happy to hear are on the way, be-
sides the two battalions also on the way to join
the army.
Mr. CASS. Will the Senator pardon me if L
interrupt him one moment? These twenty-two
hundred men will no more than suffice to fill up
the volunteer forces.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Still there would be left
in round numbers forty-five thousand men, together
with the five thousand seamen and marines actu-
ally engaged in this war; making an aggregate force
of fifty thousand men in Mexico. Now, what is
to be deducted from this number on account of the
casualties of battle, and of climate, to which the
gentleman referred ? I cannot well make a calcu-
lation; but I am Startled at the estimate which the
Senator presents, that one-fourth of these are to be
struck down ! Why, that cannot be; and, sir, the
gentleman must recollect that under these inevit-
able casualties, which I admit, you have been all
the time endeavoring to supply the ranks of enlist-
ments throughout the country. Enlistments have
been continually going on. You can hardly take
up a newspaper in which you do not find a notice
of the sailing of some detachment of troops for
Mexico. Not a week passes in which a vessel
with soldiers does not sail from some port in the
United States. That has been the case throughout
the war. Now, is it possible, that this devouring
war consumed men faster than you can ship them
thither? Why, when I was journeying to this
place, there were some hundreds of regulars going
on from Newport on the Ohio river; and I see in
the newspapers frequent notices of the transporta-
tion of troops to Mexico. We have been all the
time diligently recruiting, and will not the deficit
be supplied in that way? Another thing is to be
borne in mind: nearly the whole amount of those
troops which have been thus despatched, have not
encountered the casualties of the field. The casu-
alties, which battle brought upon the forces, occur-
red before the arrival of these reinforcements. The
twenty thousand men that have gone there lately,
have not been engaged in a single battle. ' They
arrived in the healthy season. They were healthy
and robust men that went. Is it indeed true, that
25 per centoof all these fresh troops have fallen
under the mfluence of the climate and disease ?
No; I trust not. We have not less than thirty-
five thousand men, making every possible deduc-
tion, besides those sick and temporarily disabled.
Is not that a sufficient force ? Mexico, sir, will be
conquered in six weeks, and we shall all know it
and admit it. The question will then no longer
be about defensive lines, and about diplomacy,
and negotiation, and treaty; but about the con-
quered prize lying at our feet. Beyond all doubt,
the question then will be, " What shall we do with
this conquered prize?" Sir, San Luis Potosiand
Zacatecas, I venture to say, will be taken, from
every account, in less than six weeks from this
day. Will Mexico, then, be conquered? She is
now conquered, as everybody knows. There is
nothing left, then, but Glueretaro. Our conquests
are becoming so spacious that I can scarcely de-
scribe them by their proper names, and I dare say
I am not correct in the pronunciation now; and
Glueretaro is spared only because there glimmers
the last flickering light of a government which
rests in the country. There is the phantom of a
Congress and Government, and dueretaro remains
uncaptured, not from any want of power, but be-
cause you would there nurse that government into
something with which you can make a treaty.
Why, I see that General Scott has been giving
passports to the legislators who constitute this
government to go safely "to what they call their
new seat of government! This is the condition of
things in Mexico. Surely, surely, we may now
safely assume that Mexico is conquered.
Mr. CLAYTON. I have not yet obtained from
the honorable chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs the precise information which I sought.
I did not desire to excite a discussion on the ques-
tion as„to the amount of military force at present
in Mexico; but I put the question whether our
military commanders in Mexico had recommended
this measure on which we are called upon to vote.
In reply to the inquiry, as I understand, the hon-
orable chairman of the committee says that one of
them (General Scott) did, some time during the
last year, write a letter recommending that, in a
certain event, the military establishment in Mexico
should be increased to fifty thousand men. Will
the honorable Senator tell me the date of the let-,
ter?
Mr. CASS. It was written after the arrival of
its writer in Mexico; but how long after, I do not
know.
Mr. CLAYTON. After the capture of the city?
Mr. CASS. Certainly; he distinctly alludes to
that event.
Mr. CLAYTON. It was written, then, after
the capture of the city of Mexico. There is no
intelligence, as I understand, from General Taylor
that any additional forces were requisite. Am I
right in the conjecture?
Mr. CASS. ' What did the honorable Senator
ask ?
Mr. CLAYTON. Did General Taylor on any
occasion recommend such an addition to the mili-
tary force ?
Mr. CASS. I understand the Senator as inqui-
ring whether General Taylor had made the same
recommendation as General Scott. I have told
all I know about the recommendation of General
Scott, and do not know whether General Taylor
made a similar recommendation.
Mr. CLAYTON. There is nothing, then, from
General Taylor. He has made no recommenda-
tion to add to the troops in Mexico; and as to
General Scott, the honorable chairman is able to
inform me, that some time last year, as he thinks,
"after the capture of the city of Mexico," Gen-
era! Scott wrote to the department informing them,
that if certain things intended to be done by the
Administration were attempted, 50,000 men would
be required to be added to the army.
Mr. CASS. I beg your pardon, sir—raise the
forces to 50,000 men; not add that amount.
Mr. CLAYTON. That's the very understand-
ing I had, and was corrected in it. Well, that in-
crease of the army to 50,000 men, as 1 understand
from the reading of the letter from General Scott,
was to be made in case the Administration should
design to subjugate—to reduce all Mexico.
Mr. CASS. Oh ! no.
Mr. CLAYTON. That is the amount of it, as
I understand. If in error, I will be happy to be
corrected.
Mr. CASS. The Senator is at liberty to put
his own construction on the letter; but the object
was stated to be " to keep the Central Government
in motion." I will read the passage again.
[Several Senators: We shall be glad to hear it
again.]
Mr. CASS then read the passage already given,
and added : The substance of the letter has been
given in a St. Louis paper which came here with-
in the last few days.
Mr. CLAYTON. Well, that is what I call re-
ducing or subjugating the country. Others will
put their own construction on it. This increased
force, then, is not recommended by General Scott;
but he says to the department, " if you propose
to take all the capitals of the States of Mexico—
if you intend not only to put down the guerrillas
and bandits, but to keep the Central Government
of Mexico constantly in motion, allowing it no
fixed place in which it can treat with you—if you
purpose also to take possession of the revenues
of the country, then you will require such an
addition to the army now here as will raise it
to fifty thousand men." General Scott, it will be
perceived, does not recommend that such an ad-
dition shall be made to the army; he only says
to the War Department, that if they design to
adopt a certain course of procedure, it will be
necessary to increase the army to that amount.
Pray, sir, what do you call keeping the Central
Government in motion, occupying the State capi-
tals, and seizing the revenues of Mexico ? I call
it subjugation of the country and an annihilation of
the Government of Mexico. Well, now, the Pres-
ident of the United States disavows that in his
message. He declares that he is opposed to the an-
nihilation of Mexico as a republic; yet the propo-
sition now is, to augment the forces in Mexico, on
the ground that such an increase is necessary ,gjn
order to attain objects which are, as I consider,
tantamountto the entire subjugation of the country.
It has been stated by rtiy friend from Kentucky
—and I think he has fully sustained it—that the
force at present under the command of Scott
and Taylor, or Wool in the absence of Taylor,
amounts to forty-five thousand men; and we are
now called on to increase the army to thirty thou-
sand more,in order to overrun all Mexico, m order
to occupy the capitals of aH the States of Mexico,
and to seize upon the entire revenues of the coun-
try. In other words, as I understand it, to anni-
hilate Mexico as a nation, and to destroy her Gov-
ernment, does not require anything like the force
which the honorable chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs now asks the Senate to vote.
If you add thirty regiments—twenty regiments of
volunteers and ten regiments of regulars—to the
troops already in the field, you will have a vastly
greater force than the commanding general of the
army considers necessary fof all the purposes spe-
cified in the letter. It is well known to my brother
Senators here, that during the last session and the
previous one, I voted upon all occasions, when
bills were presented to this body to increase the
army of the United States, or to furnish supplies
for the army, in favor of those bills. I took the
ground that whether the Administration of the
country was right or wrong in the inception of
this war, I should vote more troops and more sup-
plies for our armies, in order to sustain the honor
and interests of the country, so long as my vote
might be needed to sustain that honor and those
interests. Nor shall 1, in the course which lam
about to take with regard to this bill, in the least
change my purpose in regard to this matter, as
originally formed. If the same issues were now
before me which were presented at the last session,
I should vote precisely as I voted then. But to-
tally different is the question now presented. On
all former occasions, the President of the United
States, and his friends on this floor, disavowed
any intention of conquest, or acquisition of terri-
tory by conquest. They invariably declared that
their object was not to obtain Mexican territory
by robbery or conquest. They fought, it was
declared, for a fair and honorable peace, and for
indemnities for the injuries which we had received
at the hands of Mexico. But what ;now is the
issue presented to the American Senate by the
bill upon your table ? Allow me here to read from
the message of the President, so that there may be
no ground for any allegation of misstatement or
equivocation. Let us hear from the President
himself, the objects which he has in view, and the
purposes for the accomplishment of which he de-
sires these additional troops. The President says:
" In the mean time, as Mexico refuses all indemnity, we
should adopt measures to indemnify ourselves, by appropri-
ating |)Frnidii<*iitI> a portion ol'hei territoiy. Early after the
eonimeneemeiit of the war, Now Mexico and the Califpr-
nias were taken possession of by our forces. Our military
and naval commanders were 01 tiered to conquer and hold
them, subject to be disposed of by a treaty of peace.
" The provinces are now in our undisputed occupation,
and have been so for many months; all resistance on the
part of Mexico having ceased within their limits, I am satis-
fied that they should never be surrendered to Mexico."
And again he says, on the same page: *
" Besides New Mexico and the California^, there are other
Mexican provinces which have been reduced to our posses-
sion by conquest. These other Mcxican provinces are now
governed by our military and naval commanders, under the
general authority which is conferred upon a conqueror by the
lawsofwat. They should continue to beheld asameansof
coercing Mexico to accede to just teims of peace."
The question then arises, What are these " terms
of peace"—what the President conceives to be
"just," and on which he means to insist? By
turning to the eighth page of his message, you
will find an answer to this inquiry. You will then
discover the views of the Executive with regard
to u just terms of peace." It has been said, in the
progress of debate, that the President attempted,
to negotiate after the battles of Contreras and.
Cherubusco; that he made an effort to treat with
the Mexican commissioners, having sent Mr. Trist
to Mexico for that purpose. In his message he
communicates the purport of the instructions given
to Mr. Trist, and his own ''ultimatum:"
" The Commissioner of the United States was withonJJ<J
to ajriee to the establishment of the Bio Grande as the
boundary, from its entrance into the Gulf to
with the southern boundary of Nevv Mexico^ in norttHat-
itude about thirty-two degrees, an^'VwXxi?o and the
the United States of the Provinces of New Mexico ana me
California*, and the privilege of the right of way across the
isthmus of Tehuantepec. The boundary of the Rio Grande,
ami the cession to the United States of New Mexico and
Upper California, constituted an ultimatum whtcli our
Commissioner was, und« no circumstances, to yield."
