152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 12.
Here we have the President's " just terms ot .
peace," as he calls them; his "ultimatum" is
definitely announced, and we are no longer left, as ,
dunno- the last two sessions, to conjecture—to guess
at the'objects and intentions of the President of tiie !
United States in regard to Mexico. It is now cer-
tain that he has demanded as an ultimatum, and :
means to demand hereafter ay his ultimatum, the
cession to the United States of the Cahfornias, and ■
the whole of New Mexico—a territory embracing
at least six hundred and ninety thousand square
miles of land—more than twice the entire territo- ;
rial extent of the " old thirteen States" at the time
of the Amencan Revolution! And I am called
upon to give avote which shall enable the Pres-
ident to enforce these " terms of peace!" i am
called upon to give a vote that shall enable him to
compel Mexico to cede the whole of New Mexico
and the Californias t# this country: I have no
choice left. I can at once take up my position,
and say whether I am hi favor of the acquisition (
and conquest of ail this vast region, or whether I 1
am opposed to it. i
I must confess that I do no* Midersfand the ar~ ;
gument of my honorable friend from Maryland, ,
(Mr. Johnson.] He concluded, as I understood, J
with an expression of his resolution to vote for ]
this bill. He told us to-day, that if the people of '
the United States were consulted, he verity be-
lieved the great mass of them would decide against !
the acquisition of any territory on the western side ;
of the Del Norte. The Senator thought that the
people of the United States would go with him for
acquisition of territory by way of indemnity and
not by way of robbery, but in payment of the '
debt which is justly due us by Mexico. He !
thought that the people would go with him so ;
far as to defend the country between the Neuces
and the Rio Bravo; but he had no doubt that '
the people of the United Slates were dearly op- ,
posed, and would so declare themselves whenever ;
called upon, to the acquisition of any territory ;
on the other side of the Rio Bravo. Now I can- •
not understand how my friend, having arrived at •
these conclusions, being thus satisfied as to the |
popular will, can reconcile it to himself to vote for 1
this immence addition to the army of the United |
States, when the object of the augmentation of the i
military establishment is plainly avowed by the
President to be the extension of his conquests over
the whole of thi.^ country on the other side of the -
Rio Bravo, and the acquisition of both the Cahfor-
mas and New Mexico. If my honorable friend :
can reconcile that by the exercise of all his inge-
nuity, I should like to hear him do so. For my
part, I cannot comprehend it. Without reflecting
on his course, however, my business is to point out
my own.
Before I proceed further in the argument on this
question, I desire to say, for one, that I never
have been, and I am not now, willing to acquire
one acre of ground from Mexico, or any other
nation under heaven, by conquest or robbery. I
hold that, in all our transactions with the other
nations of the world, the great principle ought to
be maintained of us that "honesty is the best
policy," and that an honorable reputation is of
more value to a country than land or money. I
hold that any attempt on our part, merely because
we happen to possess superior strength, to com-
pel a weaker nation to cede to us all that we
choose to demand as indemnity, whilst we at the
same time admit that we ask for more than ?he
owes is, is nothing else but robbery. If a man
owes me a sum of money, and if, when I meet
him on the highway, he replies to my demand
that he has not wherewithal to meet n, and I
should insist, with a pistol pointed to his breast,
that he should deliver to me a deed of his farm, at
the estimate which I choose to put upon k, I think
there could not be much difference of oninion as
to the nature of that transaction. I should like to
know how my frierd from Maryland, who is an
able lawyer, would defend, under an indictment,
the man guilty of such conduct. Would it be
any palliMion, or excuse, or justification of the
would he not be the object to which the scornful i|
finger of every honest man would be pointed, so ,1
long as he lived upon the earth? I hold—and, :j
however old-fashioned the notion may be, I shall ;!
maintain it so long as I have a seat here—that ;j
character is as valuable to a nation as it is to an 1
individual; and inasmuch as I would scorn as a
private citizen to despoil my neighbor of his ,i
property in these circumstances and with these i
avowals, so, as a public man, I never can sane- /
tion, in the slightest degree, such a course of con- j;
duct on the part of the Government of the coun- >'
try. _ r
We are one of the strongest nations of the earth. .
We have been amongst the weakest. In times
gone by, we have suffered from the cruelty, the
tyranny, and injustice of other nations, and have
uttered loud complaints. We have now waxed
strong, and can put the foot upon the neck of a
sister republic, and compel her to yield to the terms ■,
we ourselves dictate. The question now comes ,<
' up, and it addresses itself to every genuine lover '
of his country, whether the acquisition of all this
territory, m those circumstances, would compen- t
sate us for the loss of the reputation—that high :
national charactcr which we have hitherto sustain- !
ed ? Do not understand me as opposing the just '
claims of my own country. I would go as far to
enforce those claims consistently with the honor of ,
the country as any man living. So far as the
prosecution of war for the purpose of securing just
indemnity for these claims might be'concerncd, I r
would go as far as he who, on the other side of the
Chamber, goes farthest. But the President dis-
tinctly tells you that when Mr. Trist made the ;
pioposition to the Mexican Commissioners to ne-
gotiate, the terms were to be defined by him, and ■;
that they were to be submitted to by Mexico at !
u the cannon's mouth.5'
Here Mr. C. yielded to a motion to adjourn; '■
and .
The Senate adjourned. ,,
conduct or J.is
money jus
found m Chj
hesitate ;-s to
what, let rue a.^k-
STEli] su<:g<\vs—■
deed obtained in
<.Lon', m sucfi a ea*e, mat the
u/ (let hnnr Co-ild there be
idout e court and jury that would
'.i<; \uuK't in Mirh a ca.«e? And
i.—i;s u (jt.(i i.ear roc [Mr. Wlu-
:<!d be the value of the
uu->tariPes: If the pos-
sessor of it should even go 14 unwhipt ot* justice,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. j
Wednesday, January 12, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. '
The SPEAKER announced as the question rirst
in order this day the motion of Mr. Pollock to >
recommit the resolution yesterday reported by Mr.
Rockwell, from the Committee of Claims, au-
thorizing the employment of a clerk to compile
and classify all the claims which have been beiore
Congress from the 14th to the 59th Congress, in-
clusive, in alphabetical order, showing what action,
if any, has ever been had on said claims by Con-  
gress. j
Mr. ROBINSON moved the usual resolution to '
terminate all debate in Committee of the Whole 1
|! on the President's message this day,at two o'clock,
! p. m.
! Mr. STEPHENS moved to lay the resolution
on the table, which was agreed to: Yeas 99, nays
74.
, So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. COCKE made an ineffectual effort to get
, the House into Committee of the Whole, for the
I purpose of taking up the joint resolution, reported :
■, by liiru a few days since, authorizing the employ- 1
I ment of an additional number of clerks in the
! Pension Ofnce.
The SPEAKER then again announced the un-
finished business, to wit: the motion to recommit:
the resolution yesterday reported by Mr. Rock- :
j well, of Connecticut, trom the Committee of,
Claims.
And this proposition being taken up, a debate
of some length ensued, in which Messrs. ROCK- ,
WELL of Massachusetts, COBB of Georgia, and
ROCKWELL of Connecticut, took part.
The resolution was then recommitted.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Air. DANIEL, from the Committee of Claims, i
made an adverse report upon the petition of George :
I-hx. Laid on the table.
Mr. D., from the same committee, reported abill !
for the relief of William Hogan, administrator of!
Michael Hogan, deceased. Read and committed.
Mr. CIIOWELL, from the same committee,
reported hills for the relief of the securities of Eli-
jah J. Weed, late quartermaster of marines, de-
ceased; for the relief of Aurelia Brereton; for the
rehtf of the legal heirs of John Snyder, deceased; '
and for the relief of Thomas Scott; which several
bills were read arid committed.
Mr. JOHN aUINCY ADAMS (speaking in
an exceedingly low tone of voice) was understood
to say that the petitioner had deceased during the
recess of Congress, and that the bill should, there-
fore, be amended so as to accrue to the benefit of
his heirs.
The SPEAKER suggested, as the bill was
already referred to the Committee of the Whole
House, the desired amendment might be made by
them when the bill came up for consideration.
M r. CROWELL, from the Committee of Claims,
made adverse reports on the petitions of William
Harris, Charles Foreman, Eh Ackley, Martin L.
Patterson, Samuel Reed, William Greer,and upon
a memorial of the Legislature of Illinois. Laid
on the table.
Mr. THOMAS, from the same committee, made
adverse reports on the petitions of Daniel Brown,
A. R. S. Hunter, and Martin Thomas. Laid on
the table
Mr. T., from the same committee, repoited bills
for the relief of Reginald alias Nick Hillary, and
for the relief of James McAvoy. Read and com-
mitted.
Mr. FLOURNOY, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of the legal heirs and
representatives of Nathaniel Cox, deceased, for-
merly naval agent at New Orleans. Read and com-
mitted.
Mr. DUNN, from the same committee, reported
bills for the relief of William Ralston; for the re-
lief of Charles Benns; for the relief of John W.
Hockett; and for the relief of the heirs of Matthew-
Stewart; which several bills wete read and com-
mitted.
Mr. THIBODEAUX, from the Committee on
Commerce, to which it had been referred, reported
a bill relating to the collection district of New
Orleans, and for other purposes. Read and com-
mitted.
Mr. GRINNELL, from the same Committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Barclay & Living-
ston, and Smith, Thurger & Co. Read and com-
mitted.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, asked to be discharged from the consid-
eration of the papers of Jacob Keer, and.that they
be referred to the Committee on Private Land
* Claims. Agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the same committee,
reported the following resolution, which was agreed
to:
Resolved, 7'hat 5,000 copies of the report o^he Commis-
sioner of Public Lands be printed for the use of the members
of this House.
Mr. PUTNAM, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Amzy Judd. Read
and committed.
' Mr. DUNCAN, of Kentucky, from the same
committee, reported a bill giving further time for
satisfying claims for bounty lands, and for other
purposes. Read and committed.
Mr. D., from the same committee, asked to be
discharged fiorn the consideration of the petition
of James Vangorden, and that it lie on the table.
Agreed to.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, asked to be discharged from the
consideration of the petition of citizens of North-
umberland county, Pennsylvania, and that it lie on
the table. Agreed to.
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims, asked to be dis-
charged from the consideration of the petition of
! Isaac Beall, and that the petitioner have leave to
withdraw his papers. Agreed to.
Mr. KING also asked that the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims be discharged from the con-
sideration of the petition of Welch, adminis-
trator of Churchill Gibbs, and that it be referred to
the Secretary of War. Agreed to.
Mr. WICIC, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, made an adverse report on the peti-
tion of Thomas Jenne. Laid on the table.
Mr. BARRINGER, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, made an adverse report on the petition
of John A. Bryan. Laid on the table.
Air. GIDDIXGS, from the same committee,
reported a biil for the lei ef of Joseph and Lindsiey
Waid. Read and committed.
Mr. BOYD, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill to amend an act entitled
