154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 12,
The motion to refer to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions was then agreed to.
Mr. HFLLIARD, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported a bill to regulate the diplo-
matic intercourse of the United States with foreign
nations. Rend and committed.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill for settling the claims of the
heirs of Richard W. Meade, deceased. Read and
committed.
Mr. RHETT, from the sarae committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Benjamin Hodges, and a bill for the relief
of the iegal representatives of Cornelius Manning.
Read and committed.
Air, LAWRENCE, of New York, from the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions, made an
adverse report on the petition of Anna Smith and
others. Laid on the table.
Mr. HAMMONS, from the. same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of James
Hiilman. Laid on the table.
Mr. SYLVESTER, from the same committee,
asked that the committee be discharged from the
petitions of Peter Rife and Silvia Pond, widow of
Beriah Pond, and that they be laid on the table.
Agreed to.
iUso, an adverse report on the petition of Esther
Scolley. Laid on the table.
Mr. DONNELL, from the same committee,
made adverse reports on the petitions of Joseph
Carter and Benjamin Johnson. Laid on the table.
Also, that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the resolution ofthe House
relatne to the expediency of allowing a pension to
Artemas Conant, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions. Agreed to.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a biH for the relief of John
Mitchell; a bill for the relief of Jesse Young; and
a bill for the relief of Silas Waterman. Read and
committed.
Mr. HENLEY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, reported the following resolution:
Resolved. That the romrni-^iouer of Patents be requeued
to comunmcate to tin- what i°2k-iauon i* ncce-saiy
to j>ro\ ui« roo n in thr Patent Office building lor tiio arrange •
m-'it o{ mode)s in sucli a manner a<? to give the ex wrwieis
feacii aeoe-s to tiiem as is necessary for them in the dis-
charge of their dune?.
Read and agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER. laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications: i
A communication from the Secretary of State,
transmitting, in obedience to the act of the 20th of ;
April, 1818, and the eleventh section of the act of
2Gih of August, 1842, a report of the names and
compensation of the several persons employed in
the Department of State, and also in the Patent
Office, during the last year. Laid on the table.
A communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in obedience to the act of 2d April,
1794, a report of the expenses of the national
atmories, with an account of the arms made and
repaired therein during the fiscal year ending June
30, 1817. Laid on the table.
A communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in compliance with the 20th section
of the act of August 26; 1842, a statement of the
expenditures from the contingent fund of that de-
partment during the year ending June 30, 1847.
jLaid on the table.
A communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of
the House of the 2*2i ultimo, a report in reference
to the commerce of the lakes and western rivers.
Laid on the table.
A communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting, in compliance with the
20th section of the act of the 26th of Ausuf-t, a
report of the expenditure of the contingent fund of
that department. Referred to the Committee on
Public Expenditures.
A report from the Commissioner of Public
Buildings of the manner m which all appropria-
tion.- fur the public buildings and grounds have
been applied durine the past year. Referred to
the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
A renoit from the Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives, fmnMnittinir a report of the names
and compensation of the sevetal persons employed
in his ojRce during the paal \eai. Laid on the
table.
^SENATE BILLS, i
The following bills from the Senate were taken !
up, read a first and second time, and referred:
A bill for the relief of Joseph Wilson. '■
A bill concerning certain collection districts, and ;
for other purposes. |
A bill for the relief of the administrator of Elisha !
L. Keen, deceased. ;
A bill providing for the payment of the claim of !
Walter R. Johnson against the United States. :
A bill supplementary to an act entitled " An act
to regulate the exercise of the appellate jurisdic-
tion of the Supreme Court in certain cases, and for
other purposes. J
A bill for the relief of Thomas Rhodes. j
A bill providing for the appointment of assist- 1
ant pursers in the navy.
A bill to provide for the purchase of the manu- ,
script papers of the late James Madison, former 1
President of the United States. ]
A bill to provide clothing for volunteers, in the !
service of the United States. ^ ,
A bill to promote the filling up of vacancies in
the volunteer corps now in the service of the Uni-
ted States.
A bill making an additional appropriation for
the dry dock at the Brooklyn navy-yard.
A resolution in favor of i)avid Shaw and Solo-
mon T. Corscr.
BILLS PASSED.
The bill to authorize the issuing of a register to
the barque Canton, was read a iirst and second
time.
Mr. GRINNELL moved that the bill be now
put on its passage.
The question was put, and the bill was read a
third time, passed, and returned to the Senate.
The bill of the House authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to grant a register to the barque
Sarah and Eliza, engrossed by order ofthe House
some days since, was taken up, read a third time,
| passed, and sent to the Senate for concurrence.
I BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
! By Mr. HOLMES, of New York : A bill to
• erect fortifications and establish a military depot
! at or near the mouth of the Genesee river, in the
; State of New York. Read twice and referred,
i By Mr. RHETT: A bill declaring the assent of
j Congress to the acts passed by the States laying
tonnage duties to improve the navigation within
| the States. Read and referred.
By Mr. BINGHAM: A bill to apply certain
alternate sections ofthe public domain to the com-
pletion of the Clmton and Kalamazoo canal, in the
; State of Michigan. Read and referred.
Mr. SIMS presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of the State of South Carolina relative to the
establishment of a branch mint at Charleston, in
said State. Referred.
Mr. TAYLOR gave notice that on to-morrow,
or on some subsequent day, he should ask leave to
bring in a bill to extend the time for locating Vir-
ginia military land warrants in the State of Ohio,
and returning surveys thereon to the General Land
Office.
THE PRESIDENT'S ANNUAL MESSAGE.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House resolv-
ed itself into Committee of the Whole, (Mr. J. R.
Ixgersoll, of Pennsylvania, m the chair,) and
proceeded to the consideration of the annual mes-
sage of the President of the United States and the
resolutions referring the same to various appropri-
ate committees.
Mr. LINCOLN, who was entitled to the floor
from last evening, addressed the committee. With-
out wasting the time of the committee with any
preliminary remarks, he would proceed at once,
lie said, to the consideration of the subject he pro-
posed to discuss.
Some of the gentlemen on the other side of the
House, if not all of them, who had addressed the
committee within the last few days, had, if he had
understood them correctly, spoken somewhat com-
plainingly of the vote w hich was given some week
or ten days since in this Hou^e, by which it was
declared that the present war with Mexico was
" unnecessarily and unconstitutionally commenced
by the President of the United States." He
agreed with them, if he understood them properly,
so far as to say that such a vote ought not to have
been given wantonly^hat it was wrong, if so
given; that no member ought to have given such
a vote, unless he thought he was voting in accord-
ance with the truth. He was one of those who
had voted thus, and he proposed to present some
of the reasons which actuated him in so doing.
When this war first commenced, he did not ex-
pect it would last so long as it had already done.
It was then his opinion, that all those who, for
the reason of not knowing enough, or of knowing
too much, on the subject, as they understood it,
could not conscientiously approve the course of
the President of the United States in relation to
■ the commencement of the war, should, neverthe-
less, as good and patriotic citizens, remain silent
upon that question until the war should have ter-
; minated. And, in accordance with that view, he
had, up to the time he arrived in this city, at the
commencement of this session, never expressed
his opinion in lelation to whether or not the war
was justly commenced on the part of the Pre«u-
! dent of the United States. Pie had tried to act
! upon that principle, believing he was doing; right
j in so doing. He found that view had been taken
i by some with whom he agreecNin political senti-
; rnent, and especially by Mr. Ex-President Van
; Buren.
He (Mr. L.) was inclined to think he would
have adhered to that view even yet, were it not
i that the President himself and some of his friends
j would not permit those to be silent who wished to
be so upon that question. The President himself,
j as was well known, in his messages, especially in
: his late annual message to Congress, attempted to
argue every silent vote given in favor of supplies
\ for the war into an approval of his conduct in the
' commencement of it,and of his modeof prosecuting
! the war. He would not refer to particular in-
stances in relation to this point, with the single
. exception of this: lake, for instance, the declara-
; tion in the late message, in which the President
tells us, that when he announced to Congress that
, hostilities had commenced, Congress, by a vote ap-
| proaching very nearly to unanimity, declared the
' war to exist by the act of Mexico; only two in
| the Senate and fourteen in the*House, he says,
r dissenting. Now, what he wished to refer to was
j this: that the President here attempted to prove,
i that with this small exception, the members of
] the Senate and the House of Representatives were
; for backing him in the declaration that " war ex-
; ists by the act of Mexico*," whereas the same
I journal which told him that only fourteen members
, ofthe House of Representatives voted against this
; declaration, when forced in as a preamble to the
■ bid and coupled with supplies—that same journal
|i told him that sixty-seven voted against it when
^ disconnected with the question of supplies. So
[j that the President came forward and attempted to
\\ prove, by telling what is the truth, what he could
|j not prove if he told the whole truth; thus dealing
'j unfairly with those who had silently voted sup-
ji plies, and compelling them, in justice to them-
| selves, to speak out and prevent,"if possible, this
1! kind of misrepresentation.
But, m addition to this, one of his colleagues
[Mr. Richardson] came into this House with a
resolution m its terms expressly endorsing the jus-
: tice of the President's conduct in the beginning of
: i the war. So that he found himself here, if he was
; inclined to give the President his supplies, and say
| nothingabout the original justice of the war—if he
" was inclined to go with him, to look ahead and not
| back, in a position that he could not do so. He
.! should feel compelled to vote on this resolution m
ii the negative. And as the President and his friends
!■ would not allow them to do as he wanted to do,
and as Mr. Van Buren approved, he had set him-
' self about examining what position was the ri«rht
one on the justice of the war. Pie had never par-
, ticularly examined this question before. He had
. refrained from so doingfor the reason he had stated.
! When this question was suddenly sprung upon
, the House the other day, on the part of his own
political friends, declining the war to have been
unnecessarily and unconstitutionally commenced
| on the part of the President, lie did not then desire
to vote upon the question. ]Ic preferred to know
i something more upon the subject. But he voted
under the impression then on his mind; which im-
' pression was still on his mind, and which, possi-
bly, could be removed. If it could be, and if it
: should be removed, ha should take great pleasure
; in reversing his vote.
He would now attempt to show why it was that
i in the investigation he had made he arrived at the
