160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 12.
exercise, it is expedient to leave their internal pol-
icy under the Constitution with themselves. Any
system which denies this m theory or in practice,
or which seeks to withhold it from the primary ,
settlements until they shall become populous and '
mature States, is founded in the same spirit of pop- '
ular distrust, by which the few have, from the ,
earliest history of man, under the plea of necessity,
been endeavoring to restrict the many in the exer- ;
cise of freedom. It inculcates a system of slavei y '
tenfold more abject than that it professes to dis-
countenance. It is the same spirit which has mur- •
mured its distrust at the extension of our territorial
boundaries, and trembled for the perpetuity of the
Union on the admission of a new State; which
looks upon free suffrage with consternation, and
with holy horror upon the naturalization of for-
eigners: which would itself enslave one race, lest '
they should tolerate a system which holds in bond-
age another. It is the offspring of bigotry and in-
tolerance, and should have fulfilled its mission
during the middle ages. All experience has shown,
that tens of thousands in the sparse settlements are
as competent to judge of their own condition, and
areas much de\otul to the support of law and
order, as are the hundreds of thousands in popu-
lous towns and cities: and that all questions .
concerning their domestic policy may be safely
confided to them. When our countiy has been
disgraced by violence and disorder, and disregard
of law. it has been confined to the populous towns
and cities, and has not extended to the border set-
tlements. Should the domestic legislation of ter-
ritories be left with their local legislatures, it would
transfer from the halls of Congress the bootless
sectional struggles which have created bitterness .
at home, and served to degrade our institutions 111 ,
the eyes of the world. It would leave local com- !
mumtics, territories as well as States, to consult i
theirown interests, wishes,and sense of propriety,
and to erector prohibit, continue or abolish, such 1
institutions as may not be repugnant to the prin- :
ciples of the Constitution. It would leave the
Federal Government fiee to pursue its onward '
course, unembarrassed by matters of sectional mo- ;
ment, over which its control is questionable, and
must be partial and temporary. It would lelieve
the benevolent statesman from the strife and irrita-
tion which now beset him, and allow his energies
to be devoted to the best interests of the nation,
and the amelioration of the condition of man. It
would harmonize with thegemal spnit of the Con-
stitution, and uphold its symmetrical frame work.
It would practically acknowledge man's capacity
for self-government, and vindicate the mteguty of
his race. The same spirit by which freedom is '
nourished would be nourished by it, and society !
be bound together by ties of amity and interest. \
fhen would our territorial soil be free—not by j
restrictions, provisions, and the threatening man- !
dates of Federal legislation, but free and sacred to
the cause of freedom; free for its people to lay the
foundations of us government on such pnnciples,
and organize its powers in such form as ro them ;
shall seem most likely to effect their safety and
happiness, freedom of opinion, of the press, of
religion, of education, of commercial intercourse.
Having vindicated for the people of Territories the
same rights of self-government enjoyed by every
other political community, I forbear to speculate
whether they will be less discreet in its exercise
than would those who desire to subject them to
the influences of an external government.
Let those who fear to intrust a free people with
theirown domestic concerns lest they should prove
too weak or wicked to conduct them judiciously, >
resort to the mistaken and mischievous policy of ■
restnciive legislation—a system founded in blind
and selfish conceits, and as impotent m effect as it ;
is narrow in design. Such territory as we acquire ,
will be free, and thus I would leave its people and
its domestic government; free as the people of,
New York or of Virginia to lay the foundation of
their government on such principles, and organize ,
its powers in such form as to them shall seem most
likely to eifect their safety and happiness. If they '
shall* fail to do this, the experiment of self-govern-
ment will fail with them.
It is nought to me how various, crude or incon- ,
sistent are"the speculations upon the principles
which these resolutions contain, and what would
be their effect if eMaUishrd. Thev stand upon
the immutable basis of self-government, and will
ultimately be vindicated and sustained by the
American people in every section of the Union. ||
But they will be opposed upon grounds as various jj
as the motives by which the opposition is induced, jj
This is already evidenced by sections of the public j!
press which I notice, not as newspaper paragraphs i|
merely, but for the interests they represent. Al- lj
ready theCharleston Mercury,of South Carolina— ji
a paper of conceded ability and extensive local in- ■!
fluence—declares that their effect would be to pro- ||
hibit forever slavery in the acquired territory, and j|
therefore, as a guardian of the slave interest, calls
for theft* iejection; and papers in other sections \
which employ the slave question as a stalking-
horse to minister to the appetites of the morbid, !:
and alarm the fears of the timid, discover m them '
not only the effect, but the design to propagate
and extend slavery. But I leave the theories to
be adjusted by those who are thus enabled to pen-
etrate the future, and draw opposite results from i;
the same premises; I leave the practical tests with |>
those who shall be charged with the high responsi- ji
. bihtiesoftheirowngovernment—underourglorious jj
free system, under the Constitution it has framed, jl
and the Providence which has watched over it. i1
It would doubtless be well for these antagonisms i!
who fear that all newly-acquiied territory may be ||
prc-occupted and monopolized, either by free labor
on the one hand, or by slave labor on the other, as jj
the case may be, unless their favorite ideas are in- H
dulged, to remember that there are other dangers, j'
either real or imaginary, to which it may be ex- j!
posed if left to the free government of its own peo- .
pie. Our institutions invite the children of every
clime to sit down under the wide-spreading branch- ;;
es of the tree of liberty, and we have no prohibit- !.
ory, or even protective impost duties upon social \
manners and customs, political opinions or reh-
gious rftes. It may be that the rugged Russian, |
allured by the gentle breezes of Mexico, may fali ,
down from his hyperborean regions with his seif-
! dom and his military rule, or the Turk choose to !
regale himself there with his pipes and moeha,
his Georgian houri's sensual delights and Moham-
medan divinity. Or, what is equally probable, ,
as our Pacific possessions place us in direct com-
munication with Asia, that the plains of Mexico !'
may be desecrated by the trundling of the car of j
Juggernaut, or the subjects of the celestial Em- jj
peior—the brother of the sun and moon—may V
hurry thither and ruin all agricultural interests by :i
converting it into an extensive field of hyson. !
But let those who entertain them dismiss ali
selfish and idle fuars, legard others as wise, and as
virtuous, and as capable of their own government
as themselves, and all will be well. The spirit of ;
i freedom will enlarge her own boundaries and peo- i;
' pie—the area, in obedience to laws stronger than !j
the laws of Congress. The rich heritage we en- j]
' joy was won by the common blood anil treasure jj
i of the North and South, the East and the West,
and was defended and vindicated by the same, in ;!
' the second war of independence; and in the pres- ii
em war with a reckless ond semi-barbarous foe, the
the brave sons of every section of the Union have
fought and fallen side by side; the parched sands "
of Mexico have drunk together the best blood of ;
.New York and South Carolina. These recoilec ,i
tions should renew and strengthen the ties which
unite the members of the Confederacy, and cause
them to spurn all attempts at provoking sectional
.jealousies and irritations, calculated to disturb the
harjnony and shake the stability of the Union. In
the language of Mr. Jefferson, they who indulge
" this treason against human hope will signalize,
their epoch in futuie history as the counterpart of
f the model of their predecessors."
Mr. YULEE then gave notice of his intention
to ofier the following as a substitute:
Resolved. That the territory belonging to, or winch may
be acquired by. the United Slates. lAhe common property
of the Union, and the =overtigntj over the tame r*M=> m tiie
people of tiie i-fverni .States compOHne this Union.
Kaohcd Juithcr, That the Federni Go\ eminent ha< no
d^guled authority, nor the ten iton.il coiitinumu an\ inhe-
rent n<jht, to cxereise any le<n>lative powei within the «aid
teiritowes by which the equal nuht of ail the citizens oi the
United Suits to acquire arid enjoy any part ot the common .
property may be unpaiied or femhurra-st d.
Mr. HALE gave notice of his intention also to
offer a substitute, which he sent to the Chair, as
follows: ;
Resolved, That it should be one of the fundamental i files
and condition* on which all tenritorj .-hull hereafter be ne-
qnnc.i, in purchase, conquest, or oiherwise, that >da\erv
and involuntary servitude, except for rhe pum-hintnt of
crime, whereof the parry shall be duly coiiwacd, *hail be
! fbrev«'r prohibited m said termor}. i
Mr. CASS moved that the further consideration
of the subject be postponed, and that the several
resolutions submitted be printed; which motion
was agreed to.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill to raise an additional military force.
Mr. CLAYTON said : The resolutions of the
Senator from New York, [Mr. Dickixsok,] and
the various propositions for amending them which
have been presented by others, and which have
been the subject of discussion this morning, furnish
a very extraordinary commentary, I think, sir, on
this war, the objects to be attained by it, and the
course we arc now about to pursue. It seems to
be taken for granted by gentlemen, that we are to
acquire a great amount of territory; but before we
obtain an acre, there is a violent contest what we
shall do with it.
Mr. President, yesterday, when the Senate
adjourned, 1 had adverted to the subject of the in-
demnity due by Mexico for the claims of our citi-
zens. I had said, what I maintain now,and what
I shall at all times hereafter maintain, that the
just claims of my countrymen against Mexico
ought to be asserted and supported in every suita-
ble and proper mariner. But I did not then state—
what I think it light to state now, in order to pre-
vent any error in the public mind—that the amount
of those claims has been greatly overrated. There
has been an erroneous impression in regard to their
amount, and I will state what I believe to be that
amount, subject, of course, to be corrected, if in
error, by gentlemen who may follow me in the
debate.
I understand that the whole amount of claims
presented to the Commissioners was $6,291,605.
Of this sum, $2,260,140 were allowed by the Com-
missioners on the part of Mexico; and the Mexi-
can Government was providing to pay that amount
without any controversy as to its justice at the time
when the war broke out. It appeals, then, that
there was a sum of $928,628 claimed by the citi-
zens of the United Stales, which was disallowed
by the Mexican Commissioners. This was sub-
ject to controversy; and whether our claim for that
amount was right or wrong, remains to be decided
by the Commissioners appointed by both Govern-
ments. Three million three hundred and thirty
thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven dollars of
the claims of our citizens had not been examined
by the Commissioners. I make this statement, as
1 have said, m order to prevent an erroneous im-
pression in regard to the am@unt of these claims,
Mr. WEBSTER, (in his seat.) Mr. Tnst was
authorized to claim ^3,000,000.
Mr. CLAYTON. It "is true that Mr.Tristwas
authorized to negotiate, on the ground that the
whole sum due to us in the aggregate was three
millions. It will not be contended. I presume, that
we went to war for the recovery,of this claim. I
have not heard that the true object of the war was
the recovery of this money. Other causes were
alleged for the war in which we were involved on
the 13th of May, 1846 The great cause assigned
by the President for the war at that time was, that
American blood had been j-'hed upon American
soil, i do not propose to go into the discussion of
the question at this tune whether that assertion
was or was not true. There are other matters
which invite my consideration, and to which I
think it important to call the attention of the Sen-
ate. But I desire, sir, in the progress of this dis-
cussion, to have it distinctly understood, as far as
I am concerned, that I have been always ready
and anxious to vindicate the honest claims of my
countrymen upon Mexico, and that neither by the
votes which I am about to give unon these bills,
nor by any vote which I shall m future be called
on to give in reference to this war, do I desire it to
be undeistood that I am denying the justice of the
fair claims of the citizens of this country upon
Mexico for indemnity. "What I meant to say yes-
teiddy, and mean to lepeat to-day, is, that the
amount of thcs>e claims was small compared to the
value of the enormous quantity of territory which
the President declares shall be ceded by Mexico
to us before theie can be a just and honorable
peace between the two countries. It has been said
that the proposition was made by the American
Commissioner to give them twenty millions of dol-
lars. I know not from any official information,
for the territory required to be ceded, how the
