THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR h RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
President estimates the difference between the
claims of our citizens and the value of the land
which he intends to demand of Mexico at the can-
non's mouth. .But he says, in his message :
"As the territory to be acquired by the boundary proposed
might be estimated to be of greater value than aitur equiv-
alent for our just demands, our Commissioner was autho-
rized to stipulate for the payment of such additional pecu-
niary consideration as was deemed reasonable."
And this is a clear admission on his part of a
fact, otherwise notorious to all_the world, that the
cession he demanded was beyond—ay, vastly be-
yond—the value of the indemnities v/e had a ris-ht
to ask.
The honorable chairman of the Committee on
Military A Hairs tells me to-day that lie has ascer-
tained the date of the' letter from General Scott to
our Government in which the suggestion is made,
that in a certain event more troops will be neces-
sary to be added to the army. That letter, he
says, is (Jated so far back as the 18th of September,
and I suppose the extract he has read from it is
nothing more than the suppressed part of the Gen-
eral 'a official letter of that date, in which he recounts
his victories. It is the part of that letter marked
by the asterisks{ I suppose. It is clear, then, from
the statements of the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, that General Scott
lias never recommended to the Administration of
this country, or to any department of this Govern-
ment, the passage of these bills to raise thirty more
regiments for the war. He has made no such
proposition; upon his head none of the responsi-
bility of these measures can rest; it must rest on
the heads of those who have suggested it. Al-
though the President has generally recommended
in his message an increase of the army, he has not
told us how many regulars, how many volun-
teers, or how many troops of all kinds should
be added to the army. Sir, General Scott has
never desired such an increase of the forces in
Mexico. It IBjM only embarrass and distract
him in his position at present, however useful
such an addition might have been before he left
Vera Cruz, and penetrated into the interior of
Mexico. At this time, these measures would add
thirty thousand more mouths to be fed in Mexico.
Sir, it is not consistent with the known character
of this great, captain to ask for more troops than
can be usefully employed in the service of the
country. Before he left this place for Mexico, in
conversation with him, I observed to him, tiiat
when he arrived in Mexico he would meet a very
formidable enemy, and that he might, perchance,
be defeated in the difficult mountain passes of that
country. He smiled, and replied to my observa-
tion: "Sir, give me a column—a granite column
of American regulars, consisting of four or five
thousand men—and I will whip any Mexican army
that can be brought into the field, if it should rain
Mexicans for a week." That was the fixed de-
liberate opinion of that distinguished commander
at that time. Well, sir, when he was fighting the
battles of Contreras, Churubnsco, Chapultepec,
and Molino del Rey, it really seemed as if it
did rain Mexicans for about a week. 13ut he
vindicated the opinion he gave of the prowess of
American soldiers by tSte brilliant victories which
he gained in those ever-memorable and glorious
battles. He entered the city of Mexico, as he tells
you, with an aimy of less than six thousand men.
Let us look a little into the history of this most
extraordinary campaign, after General Scott de-
parted with his gallant little army from Vera
Cruz, and led it into the interior of the enemy's
country. Let us see the comparative amount of
the American and Mexican forces that were en-
gage4 in those battles which were fought previous
to the entry of the American army into the city
of Mexico. It will show us that there is no neces-
sity whatever for such an increased force to be
added to the army of the United States.
The first great battle after the capture of Vera
Cruz was that of Cerro Gordo.
The Commanding General, in his despatch to
the Secretary of War, says :
" Oar whole force present, in action and in reseive, was
11
FRIDAY, JANUARY 14, 1848.
New Series........No. 1L
8,509; the enemy is estimated at 12,000, or more. About
3,UU0 prisoners, 4,000 or 5„000 stand of arms, and 43 pieces
of artillery, were taken. By the accompanying return, I
regret to find our loss more severe than at first "supposed—
amounting in the two days to 33 officers and 398 men: in
all, 431, of whom 63 were killed. The enemy's los3 is
computed to be from 1,000 to 1,200."
Of the*next battle, sir, in which our army wa3
engaged against the Mexicans, the General speaks
in his despatch of the 18th September, from which
I read the following extract:
" This army 1ms been more disgusted than surprised that,
by some sinister process on the pait of certain individuals
at homo, its numbers have been, generally, almost trebled
in our public papers—beginning at Washington.
« Leaving, as we all feared, inadequate garrisons at Vera
Ciuz. Perote, and Puebla—with much larger hospitals; and
being obliged, most reluctantly, from the same cause, (gen-
eial paucity of numbers,) to abandon Jalapa, we marched
[August 7-10] from Puebla with only 10,7,'iS rank and file.
This number inchides the garrison of Jalapa, and tlw 2,429
men brought up by Brigadier General Pierce, August 6.'
"At Contreras, Churubusco, See., [August 20,] we had
but 8,407 men engaged—after deducting the garrison of Au-
gustm, (our geneial dep6t,) the intermediate sick and the
dead ; at the Molinos del Key [September 8] but three brig-
ades, with some cavalry and artillery—making in all 3,251
men—were in the battle; in the two days—September
and 13—our whole operating force, after deducting, again,
the recent killed, wounded, arid sick, together with the gar-
rison of Mixcoac (the then general dep6t) and-that of Tacu-
baya, was but 7,180; and, finally, after deducting the new
garrison of Chapultepec, with the killed and wounded of
the two days, we took possession [September 1-1] of tins
great capital with Jess than 6,000 men ! And J reassert,
upon accumulated and unquestionable evidence, that, in not
one of those conflicts, was this army opposed by fewer than
three and a half times its numbeis—in several of them by
a yet greater excess.
"On the other hand, this small force has beaten on the
same occasions,m view of their capital, the whole Mexican
armv,of (at the beginning) thirty-odd thousand men—posted,
always, in chosen positions, behind mtrcnchments, or more
formidable defences of natuie and ait; killed or wounded,
of that number, more than 7,000 officers and men; taken
3,730 pnsoneis, „one seventh officers, including 13 generals,
of whom 3 had been Presidents of this Republic; captured
more than 20 colors and standards, 75 pieces of ordnance,
besides 57 wall-pieces,30,000 small-arms, an immense quan-
tity of shot, shells, powder, See.
Of that enemv,once so formidable in number:1, appoint-
ments, artillery, &c., twenty-odd thousand have disbanded
themselves in despair, leaving, as is known, not more than
three fragments—the largest about 2,500—now wandering
m different directions without magazines or a military
chest, and living at free quarters upon their own people.
* * * ThpGovcrnmentwillfinditselfwjthoutresources;
no army, no arsenals, no magazines, and but hKlo icvcntie,
infernal or external. Still «uch is the obstinacy, oi lather
infatuation, of thi< people, that it h very doubtful whether
the new authorities will dare to sue for peace o'i the terms
which, in the recent negotiations, were made kuown by our
Minister."
This official report fully sustains the statement
made by the Senator from Kentucky, who declared
that, in his opinion, Mexico was now to be con-
sidered and treated as a conquered country. Their
army is utterly broken up and annihilated; their
revenues are destroyed ; the real G overnment of
Mexico is almost annihilated; and it is under these
extraordinary circumstances that we are called ;
upon, with an admitted army of nearly seventy I
thousand men, and with forty-five thousand actu- j
oily in Mexico, to vote thirty thousand more troops i
to be sent to that country by the President, for the
purpose of securing what he calls " indemnity for
the past," and " security for the future." What
that cant phrase means I do not exactly under-
stand; but I have been told by an ingenious friend,
that indemnity for the past means the half of Mex-
ico, and security for the future the other half. If
this, sir, be the right interpretation of these terms,
then I unhesitatingly say to my friends on the other
side, that I am utterly opposed to adding indem-
nity for the past and security for the future. I
am called upon to vote these troops, for the pur-
pose of securing a cession of the country which ;
the President has expressly set forth in his mes-
sage. Neither the Commander-in-chief of the
army, nor General Taylor, (whose great name ;
must always be associated with whatever relates
to this war,) appears to have been consulted. I
do not believe that that gallant old " Mexican
Whig," Zachary Taylor, after having beaten
Santa Anna, with an army of less than one-fourth
the number of that which was arrayed against him,
has ever asked for more forces, for the purpope of
defending himself against the wretched bands of
guerrillas which infest the' country ^where his
forces are encamped. No, sir; }Dractical men have
not recommended this addition. The recommenda-
tion comes from the Executive here. It come3
from men who fight battles on paper at home—
from men who never
< set a squadron in the field,
Nor the division of a battle know
More than a spinster."
In the very outset of the inquiry to which our
minds are directed when we are called on to vote
upon these bills, we are met by the question—
which I beg leave, most respectfully, to suggest
to gentlemen on the other side of the Chamber—
whether tlus Government was formed for the pur-
pose of acquiring foreign territory by conquest or
rapine; and, whether it be in the true constitution-
al competency of Congress to wage war for the
purpose of acquiring territory by conquest. I
deny it, sir. I nold this Government to be a gov-
ernment of specific and delegated powers, and I do
not find it enumerated anywhere, either by express
words or necessary implication, that any such
power as that was ever ceded to this Government.
The preamble to the Constitution expresses the
purposes for which this Government was formed,-
" to form a more perfect union, establish justice,
ensure domestic tranquillity, provide for the com-
mon defence, promote the general welfare, and
secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our
posterity." They were not to ensure the bless-
ings of liberty to any other than the American
people. The object was to establish justice, not
to perpetrate injustice and robbery by indulging a
love of plunder and a thirst for conquest or terri-
torial aggrandizement. These were notthe objects
for which the fathers of the republic met and es-
tablished the American Constitution. No, sir! no,
sir! They have specified the objects for which they
made that Constitution, and among those which
are enumerated, I do not find any such power, nor
can I see how it can be pretended that this Gov-
ernment was formed for the purpose of acquiring
territory*by conquest. The spirit of our Consti-
tution is pacific, not warlike—defensive, not ag-
gressive. It is for the " establishment of justice,"
not for aggrandizement or plunder.
But, sir, we are rapidly approaching that state
of things which will make the conquest and annex-
ation of all Mexico inevitable; and these bills are
a part of the proccss by which, if they become,
laws, we shall, in my humble judgment, he driven
to this result. These bills propose a reduplication
of this mighty mass of thirty thousand men, com-
posing our army now in the city of Mexico.
The measure brings with it imminent peril to
! our own institutions. You may say to me now,
! as the honorable-chairman of the Committee on
j Military Affairs said when he introduced this bill,
J that no such purpose as that of the annexation of
j all Mexico is contemplated by anybody. Although
j I thought he was right when he made that declara-
; tion, 1 have since been convinced that he was under
I a very great error. "We have now before us a
| resolution offered by an honorable Senator, de-
claring that it may become necessary and proper,
and that it is constitutional, to annex the whole of
Mexico to this country, either as a part of the
►States or as a province.
Why, sir, what have you seen lately in the pub-
lic prints from all parts of the country—from New
Orleans to New York? Sir, I have cut, from a
newspaper published in the city of New York, a
• brief extract, which I will read. A writer, com-
| menting on the late speech delivered by the hon-
I orable Senator from South Carolina, makes these
i observations:
I "Our schoolmasters, our tin pedlars, our country !aw-
' Ycr.-, our missionaries, our printers, our mechanics, an*d our
farmer*, are already there, [in Mexico.] There the bul
will stuy. Does Mr. Calhoun or Mr. Polk
hill of sale of these men, with their j"
gence, and their Hves, to a weak, sickly, uncducftt^, dis-
membered, patched-up Mexicaii Government autta a one
as will be left after the slice, which all admit
events, be taken off ftora it? wf thev
transfer, or even abandon, Amencan citizens. ^ Iv o, they
must be protected, and sheltered, and governed.
Yes, sir, these adventurers, who have gone down
