162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 12,
with your army, constituting, as they will, with
the increased forces which you propose to send to
Mexico, an armed emigration to take possession
and colonize the country with the bayonet, will
* claim hereafter that you are bound to "shelter
and protect them.'1 They will demand it, on the
ground that they are American citizens; they will
say that you placed them there, that you encour-
aged them to go there, and that you are now bound
to protect them. A gentleman said to me the
other day—and I confess I was not a little aston-
ished at the statement—that there are not less than
fifty thousand of these emigrants, in various parts
of Mexico, not directly connected with our army.
Sir, I ask the attention, and the serious attention,
of every gentleman on this floor to these facts.
We are about to send to Mexico an armed emi-
gration, and when we get them there, how shall wc
get them away ? Do yon not see, from the public
papers, already, that some of those who are in the
city of Mexico (I do not refer to the army) are
proposing a permanent occuoation of the country:
If a statement in the Government paper, published
this day, in this place, be correct, it is proposed
by those who are now in the Hails of tiie Monie-
zumas, that a railroad shall be constructed to Vera
Cruz, and a magnetic telegraph to Tampieo. Now
go on for a few years more in this way, and you
may then legislate as much as you please; but you
can never legislate them all back. Tbcy will knock
at the door of your Union for admission, and you
cannot keep them out. Is any one. T ask, in favor
of such a state of things? If there be any v;ho
are in favor of it, I wish to hear them now; for
one, I take my stand against it. I think there is
wisdom in the proposition of the honorable Sena-
tor from South Carolina, that we should now erect
a landmark for ourselves, by which we shall be
guided hereafter.
What will be the consequence of the annexa-
tion of twenty Mexican States to the American
Union? Of ail men in the United States the most
interested in making this inquiry solemnly, and
examining it patiently and carefully, are the gen-
tlemen of fh* South. There are in Mexico not
less than eight millions of human beings, (men,
women and children,x  of a race totally different
from ourselves—a colored population, having: no
feelings in common with us, no prejudices like
ours; but, on the contrary, v ith prejudices directly
the antipodes of 3}} cfours, and especially b'gofed
on this very subject of siavery.
Do you suppose that if you annex to the Ameri-
can Union these eight millions of people, backed
by the millions of colored men in this country,
they will remain idle spectators of the proceed-
ings of this Government, stimulated as they will
be by Abolitionists of the most fanatical cast ?
What, then^ must become of that peculiar insti-
tution of ours, which has existed for so many
years in this country? You answer me, that you
will not suffer that institution to he disturbed. The
honorable Senator from Maryland said, you will
not suffer the right to hold colored men in slavery
to be discussed. No, sir; hut how will you pre-
vent it when these inert shall have been admitted
into the American Union, and these Mexican
States shall have become American States ? You
will be voted down. Your institutions wiU be
k voted down, and yow may, and for that probably
will, rend the Umon to atoms ! These are the
legitimate results of your annexation of all Mexi-
co, and you may as well take the opportunity to
meet and prevent them at once. If you do'not
fear such results, vote your armed ern>gretion; but
if you believe that it will lead to tms,°pausc with
me, and arrest these proceedings now.
My honorable friend from Maryland, m the pro-
gress of the discussion, alluded to the revenues of
Mexico, ond that he thought the American
army might be hereafter supported out of these
revenues. { do not propose to discuss the iir-an-
cial questions connected with this bill at length,
though I do invoke the serious attention of^ihe
American Senate, as an honorable Senator has
a'ready done, to the crisis whi'h must be produced
b*- adding twenty or thirty millions annually to our
already enormous expenses, those expenses which
we cannot now escape and are bound to incur. I
say bound, because 1 wish it to be understood that
I mean to vote supplies, and I take it for granted
that others are equally resolved to vote therrHfor our
army in Mexico as long as that army remains
there* I intend, a* far as my vote will go, to vofe
the munitions of war, the clothing for the troops,
and for everything as far as may be necessary to
sustain the honor of the American army in a for-
eign country. But there I stop; and I say, with
the forces which you have there, and the twenty
thousand men which you have a right now by
law to recruit, your further progress in arming
the people for this war shall be arrested, so far
I as my v.ote will go to arrest it. Should any real
! danger to our army ever require more men, I
; would grant them; but now it is evident that you
! have no occasion fox any more troops for any
, legitimate purpose of the war. The whole revenue
! of Mexico was but twenty-one million dollars,
! when in her best and palmiest state. It is now,
; as General Scott tells you, almost annihilated.
: He, who has the best means of knowing, gives
: you this information. But suppose the revenue
| to be twenty-one millions of dollars, would that
:j be sufficient to support an army of sixty thousand
j; men? Sir, if you look at the official documents
li which have been sent to us by the Secretary, you
j: will see that it will be entirely inadequate to defray |j
! half the enormous expenses to which we should j;
!; be subjected. But what is meant by the honorable jj
ij Senator from Maryland? Does he desire to take j|
!: every dollar from Mexico, and prevent her from I,
/ supporting any government ? What policy would \\
!> there be in that ? We wish to treat with the Gov-
j eminent of Mexico, yet wc drive that Government i.
I] from place to place—-keeping them, as has been ]
said, in "perpetual motion." We drive them I]
II continually from pWe to place, and yet we expect :
jj to treat with a Government thus m motion, and
j, from which we have taken every dollar of its rev- ,
!j cnue. Is there wisdom in this? Is it not, in fact, .
1 an effectual obstruction to the obtaining any treat}*?
• It must end in the utter annihilation of the sover-
j; eignty and independence of that nation. You will
j have amass of population scattered over an im- .
j' mense region without a government, because you
;j will not permit them to have one. You are to beat
< them, drive them, shoot them, and in everyway
punish them, and you say you are to do it for the ,
ij purpose of procuring an honorable peace. Sir, I
!: have nothing to say now about the question of'
jj humanity as involved in this matter; but I put. it '
'' ag.iin to honorable Senators on the other side, is 1
, this good policy? is it expedient? Are you re-
solved never to permit Mexico to have a govern-
ment that can treat with you ? If yon send down
thirty thousand more men, winch these bills call
' for, it is in vain to &ay that there can be an inrie-
; pendent government in Mexico.
Jj In reference to the suggestion, sir, which held
j, out the idea that Mexico can be annexed to this '
country as a province, I wish to say but a very few
j! words. I think that every statesman who reflects
i; on the subject will agree with me. that it is utterly
\< impossible for us long to hold that or any other •
j, country as a province. If you annex it to the ,
" American Republic in any form, its final destiny is '
| fixed and certain. Your own institutions, your '
|, sense of justice, your love of the great principle
j, of human liberty, will compel you to admit it
L finally into the Union. Hold it as a province, like
one of the despotic governments of Europe ! Hold
I; a country which was once a republic, sir, as a
province, enslaved, and enslaved by a sister repub-
lie! It is vain; the idea is altogether impracticable.
1, It cannot be entertained by an American statesman
; for a moment. Depend upon it, sir, you cannot
j e^ade fie great question. is the time to say
j whether you will admit Mexico into the American
i Union or not.
;• I do not propose, Mr. President, to review the
p ground which was so ably taken by the honor-
j' able Senator from Kentucky, who preceded me in
, the debate, in reference to the existing army in
\ the field, the number of troop? in Mexico, and
1 their sufficiency for all legitimate purposes in this
war. I have here the report of the Adjutant Gen-
h eral, and I presume that eveiy honoiable Senator
j. has had the report upon his table. It appears by it
p (and I will barely read one or two extracts, for the
purpose of confirming what has been stated already)
,j that the aggregate regular and volunteer forces in
|i Mexico, independent of the Michigan regiment and
• j the Alabama and Mississippi troops which havenot
:j yet gone to Mexico, amount to forty-three thou-
j! sand five hundred and thirty-six men. The Mirh-
jj igan, Alabama, and Mississippi troops will raise
j the number above forty-live thousand men. There
>' was great propriety, I think, in the suggestion of
the Senator from Kentucky, to add to the number
(forty-five thousand men) the five thousand sailots
and marines now in Mexico, to ascertain the entire
effective force already there.
There are, then, sir, by a fair calculation, already
fifty thousand men in Mexico. According to the
letter which was read by the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, General
Scott considered that force sufficient, not only for
the legitimate purposes of the war, but also for
holding all the capitals of all the States of the
Mexican Confederation, all its provinces, towns,
and fortified places; for the purpose also of seizing
all the revenues of the nation, and of driving the
Central Government from place to place, " keeping
it in constant motion;" in other words, that the
force was sufficient, according to the judgment of
the Commanding General, to annihilate the sover-
eignty of Mexico. Why, then, do you want
more? On what ground do you bese the requisi-
tion for thirty thousand additional troops, when
you have already a force adequate, according to
the Commanding Genera], for the subjugation of
the whole country? If you send these thirty
thousand additional troops there, you will have
thirty thousand additional mouths to feed, greatly
increasing the difficulties of the Commander-in-
chief in the field, if not rendering them absolutely
insuperable. You will thus raise the price of
supplies, by increasing the demand for them. At
the same time, your army being inactive, occupy-
ing the garrison towns and fortified places of
Mexico, you incur all the hazard of mutiny and
insubordination among that immense mass of men,
a great portion of them being kept in the great cap-
ital of that Republic, and the others diffused and
scattered among the principal towns. Reflect, sir,
on the difficulties which must inevitably surround
an army in such circumstances—the danger not
merely from disease and the climate, but from that
military insubordination into which they would
be so hkel3r to fall, when they have no enemy to
encounter in the field. As to the idea of fighting
any more battles in Mexico, that I hold to be per-
fectly preposterous. Battles with whom ? A
single regiment, sir, of volunteers, would be suffi-
cient, at 1 his very moment, to defeat any Mexican
forces that could probably be' bjjught into the
field. Who is there in MexicO*at has under
him, or has the least expectation of having under
; him, any considerable Mexican force? ISo one.
Santa Anna has a few guerrillas under him, assas-
sins and cut-throats; but they, like assassins and
cut-throats m other parts of the world, are fleeing
1 before regular foices, and dare not face them, and
never will dare face any army there.
! I conclude, then, Mr. President, that if a case
: could possibly be stated in which an American
j Congress would be justified in withholding its
- consent to an Executive application for more
J troops, that case is now before us. There are
some individuals who seem to think that no pos-
'1 sible emergency can arise in which a patriotic
jj statesman can withhold his vote for furnishing
j supplies of men or money during a state of war.
!j With all such persons I beg most respectfully to
,! differ; and I am quite willing, if gentlemen desire,
j to measure patriotism with them on this very
,; question. Yv7e are placed here as guardians, in
,• some sense, of the lives of the American people;
;i and from our age—as there are many grey heads
; to be seen in this Chamber—it is expected of us
1 that we shall restrain the impulses which prompt
men to rush to every battle-field, when there i3
no occasion whatever for their services.
Sir, is it indeed true that a man cannot vote
against a bill to send additional troops into the
field, unless he be, as some say, a " Mexican
■ Whig,5' or at heart an enemy to his country ? Ko
such assertion as that was made by my honorable
friend from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson*;] but just
; the reverse. He did justice to the mouses of those
' who vote against the measure. But such language
j I have heard from the lips of others, and never
without despising it and its authors. I shall vote,
'! I trust, from a high sense of public duty; and!
|| say that, in this case, I might with more propriety
I retort upon the friends of the Executive, that he
\\ desires, by the passage of this bill, to get a large
,j army of military office-holders to electioneer lor
! his pat ty in the next presidential campaign. I
j might make such a charge against him with much
;! more propriety than the charge to which I have
'1 alluded can be directed against gentlemen not dis-
