1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
163
posed to vote in favor of this bill. If this bill
passes, the President will have the appointment
of five hundred and forty additional commissioned
officers. The Executive It as already exercised
more patronage than any of his predecessors in
office. This war, calling into existence a mighty
army of seventy thousand men, has given him
more patronage, independently of other, consider-
ations, than any President ever exercised before
him. If patronage be an object to the Execu-
tive, may he not well be satisfied ? I will not
lightly make an accusation against the C^ief Ma-
gistrate of the country. I make no charge against
him that it is his object to carry this bill" through
the hails of Congress, in order that he may obtain
this patronage; but I am one of those who are
very fearful and jealous of Executive power and
Executive patronage. I have lived long enough
and seen enough here to satisfy me that there is
imminent danger to our institutions from that very
source. I will not, where there is the slightest
danger to be apprehended from it, lend my aid to
increase that Executive patronage. Sir, the fathers
of the republic, when about to make the Ameri-
can Constitution, had fears, and just such fears as
I entertain, on this great question. They had fears
that the great temptations to which the Executive
would be exposed to increase his power and pat-
ronage, flagrante bello, might lead him to defeat
the settlement of controversies with foreign Pow-
ers, and to protract any war m which we might be
engaged. Reasoning upon the subjeet in the ab-
stract, and without reference to any particular indi-
vidual, the framers of the Constitution thought that
such a danger existed; and James Madison was
one of the very men who, apprehending danger
from this source, attempted, in the Convention
which made the Constitution, to guard against it
by removing from the President even concurrent
action with the Senate in the formation of treaties
of ppace, restricting that power to two-thirds of
the Senate.
Let me read from the proceedings of that Con-
vention, the passages winch bear on this point, as
they are quite pertinent in the present connection.
You will find them under date of September, 1787,
page 524 of the " Madison Papeis
" Mi'. Madison moved to authorize a concurrence of two-
thirds of the Senate to make tiejities of peace, without the
«o?icurre ee of the President. The President, he said, would
necessarily derive so much power and importance from a
stale of war, that he might be tempted, if authorized. to im-
pede u treaty of peace.
" Mr. Butlfr seconded the motion.
"Mi. Gorham thought the security unnecessary, as the
means of ciirrt/inz on the ouir would not be in the hands of the
President, but of the Legidnture.
<l Mr. Hutur was btrcnuoiis for the motion as a neces-
sary seem it) agnnst am bilious and coriupt Pifj-ideni:-. fie
mentioned th«> late perfidious policy of ihe ftt.idthoJdi r in
Holland, and the artifices of the Duke of Marlboiough to
prolong the war, or which he had the management." "
Sir, Mr. Madison's motion failed, and we have
no resource against the evil he designed to pre-
vent, but in the suggestion of Mr. Gorham.
It is evident, then, that the fathers of the Con-
stitution contemplated the very step which I am
now about to take; and unless in our hearts and
judgments we can approve of the objects for which
the war in Mexico is waged—unless wc can agree
with the President in his ultimatum as announced
in that portion of his message in which he declares
that he will make? no peace unless it give him all
the Californias and New Mexico,—unless we con-
cur in thatultimatum, we are bound as honorable
men to refuse him any more men for the purposes
he has avowed. In so refusing to grant him any
more men for the prosecution of the war with such
objects, I hold myself as acting in. the very spirit
of the Constitution, and according to the requisi-
tions of the fathers who made it.
Mr. President, the honorable chairman of the
Cominitteeon Military Affairs, when he introduced
this bill to the consideration of the Senate, submit-
ted with it some remarks to which I desire to in-
vite your attention. That I may not misquote or
misrepresent the honorable Senator, I will read
from his speech as published by the reporter of the
Senate:
"In pie-enting this bill, I do not propose to touch any of
the di<pated topics winch divide the two great parties, un-
der the banner of one oi the other of which, (veiy citizen
of our countty is airayed. I shall leave these, if introduced
at ail, to be lritioduced by otlieib. I had hopf.d, uil I heaid
the incidental di-ciuston which arose a day or two since on
the question of taking up tins hill, that these exciting sub-
jects would be postponed for some future opportunity, and
that the propositions now submitted would be considered
upon their military merits, taking it for granted that the pro-
priety of voting tho additional force requited would not be
controverted, i was well aware that we could not escape
a fuH discussion of the origin of the war, its progress, its
objects, and the whole course of the Administration con-
nected with it. Nor, indeed, did I vyish to avoid it. How-
ever severe may be the attack, I trust it will be as earnestly
met, and easily repelled, for I consider the giound which
the Administration occupies as perfectly impregnable."
It sometimes happens, sir, that a man by blow-
ing a trumpet-may invite an opponent into the
field, who would have been very quiet if he had
not been defied. The honorable Senator-has ut-
tered this note of defiance, and I suppose it was
intended for gentlemen on this side of the Cham-
ber. He has thrown the gauntlet at our feet, and
dares us to take it up. He says that the entire
ground of the Administration is "impregnable;"
that an attack upon it can be " easily repelled,"
and will be, he trusts, "as earnestly met." Now,
sir, although one of the humblest of the members
on this side of the Chamber, yet I will take up the
glove, and I desire to see how easily the champion
of the Administration will repel one or two at-
tempts on my part to question the propriety of
the course of the Administration in carrying on
this war.
Many years ago, there was a certain- personage
in our State of Texas, then a province claimed by
Mexico, by the name of Don Antonio Lopez de
Santa Anna. He met some American troops—if
I recollect the history of times gone by—at a cer-
tain place called Goliad, and induced them to sur-
render to him, under the promise that they would
be fairly and honorably treated as prisoners of war.
He took out every man of them the next day, and
shot them, one by one, deliberately, in cold blood !
He violated his solemn pledge before God and man;
and, bloody ruffian, murderous villain, as he is, he
slew hundreds of my countrymen, after pledging
I his honor to give them quarter. On another occa-
j sion, this same Don Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna
! massacred some hundreds more of our countrymen,
i at a place called the Alamo. These things aie fresh
in the recollection of every Ameiican. There is not
an honest Ameiican heart thatdid not burn with in-
dignation against this ferocious ruffian,'on account
of these atrocious acts. Well, sir, when this war
was declared, in May, 1846, the President of the
United States, the head of the Administration and
of the Executive Goverrivnent, gave this same
Santa Anna, with all his titles, a free pass through
the American fleet, into Mexico.
Mr. JOHNSON",, of Maryland, (in his seat.)
On the same day on which war was declared.
Mr. CLAYTON. On the"very day, as my hon-
orable friend remarks, on which the war was de-
clared, the President of the United States issued
his order In let pass thepeijured assassin, without
let or hmderance, into Mexico. This, sir, is one
of those points on which I desire to see the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs so easily
repel the attack which he has invited. I am bound,
sir, to hold up the conduct of the President, in this
instance, not only to the Senate, but to the Ameri-
can people; and I ask the champhfa of tire Admin-
istration, or any gentleman on the other side of
the Chamber, to demonstrate to us the ease with
which he can repel the charge of misconduct, gross
misconduct, on the part of the President of the
United States, in admitting that murderous ruffian
into Mexico. What, sir, have been the conse-
quences of that act? Why, let me, in reply, take
up a newspaper which is good authority with my
honorable friends on the other side. In the " Union"
of this morning, I find the following paragraph :
"We have received afiie ofthe 'North Ameiican,'print-
ed in the city of Mexico, from the 3d of November to tin;
7th of December. We find the followingin the 'American'
of theia?t-nairied date, ft has aiieady appeared in the New
Oilcan* papers:
" ' Oxer: more.—SenorsCucvac, Atri stain, and Couto, the
' Mexican peace commissioners, arc still in the city, we hear,
(but of course can eflect nothing. It is now said that they
( wi!i not go to Washington as long as Santa Anna is in the
•'eountiy. The Government dare not evenpavtheirexpen-
(scs; nor would the cotmni=sioneis dare go there and make
<a treaty; for the Napoleon of the* West may turn up again
'some day, and then Pic^uicnt Anaya and the commissioners
1 would be shot. Oh! what a deplorable condition have this
' people reduced themselves to [' "
I ask, would not the*ejaculation have been more
appropriate—"Oh! to what a deplorable condi-
tion has the President of the United States reduced
this people and his own country!" Upon his
head, sir, and no other, must ^his sin rest; and if
the honorable gentleman on tfye other side of the
Chamber has ingenuity enough to extricate the
President from tl^®fcposatipnV.he< shall, ind,eed. be,
in all time hereafter, my -Magmjs Apollo! If
he can point out any- mode of salvation -for, Vhe
President from this charge, it will reflect infi-
nite honor on his character' as an advocate.
This* same Don Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna,
who murdered our-countrymen at Goliad and
Alamo, being admitted to pass free into Mexico.,
has waged war against our country orf-all-occa-
sions since his admission. X-Ie has rallied thpU-'
sands and tens of thousands of Mexicans that no
other man could have rallied against us. He fought
us at Buena Vista—at Cerro Gordo—at Contreras
—at Churubusco—at Molino del Rey—at Chapul-
tepec—and at the city of Mexico. He fought till
he was driven from the capital to the mountains,
where he now remains with his guerrillas, ready to
murder the peace commissioners of his own coun-
try if they should dare to treat with us. Such is
the man whom the President of the United States
introduced into that country, and this is the state
of things to which the American people have been
brought by the conduct of the Executive.
I might here, sir, request the honorable chair-
man to repel another charge made by the Senator
from Maryland. Why was the gallant Taylor
left without more than five thousand four hundred
troops—nearly all volunteers—to resist the attack
of this same Santa Anna with twenty thousand
Mexicans, at the bloody but glorious battle of
Buena Vista? And why was the no less gallant
Scott left so long without sufficient troops to move
from Puebla upon the capital of Mexico ? During
all Chis time the President had the power to call
upon his unexhausted fund of fifty thousand vol-
unteers, and refused to send them succor. But I
must not dwell on these things. They were suffi-
ciently urged by the Senator from Maryland.
The present times, sir, do not resemble the early
days of the republic. We hear much, especially
from honorable gentlemen on the other side of
the Chamber, of Jefferson and his democracy.
These are not the days of Jeffersonian democ-
racy. The measures of the President of the
United States are not like those of the fathers
of the Republic. No, sir. Let us recur to an
incident in the history of the administration of
Thomas Jefferson, at the period when great excite-
ment prevailed with regard to the title to the
lower Mississippi, in the year 1803, when the
whole West was in a flame, lest some foreign
nation should occupy the mouth of that mighty
river, and impede the growing prosperity of the
: great valley of the West. At that moment, sir,
when the minds of men all over the American
Union were peculiarly excited, an elfoit was made
in the Senate Chamber of the United States, on
the 16th Febtunry, 1803, by Mr. Ross, fiom
Pittsburg, to induce the American Congress and
the American Executive to seize and take posses-
sion of the mouth of the Mississippi, and the
country which was necessary for our prosperity;
and to hold it without reference to negotiation or
treaty. Allow me to read the resolutions of Mr.
Ross. They will be found in the Senate Journal,
for the year 1803, page 266.
Resolved, That the United States have an indisputable
right to the fiee navigation ofthe river Mississippi and to a
convenient place of depositc for their produce and merchan-
dise in the inland of New Oilcans.
That, the late infraction of such, their unquestionable
right, is au agression hostile to their honor ai.d interest.
That it does not consist with the dignity oi s.detv of this
Union to hold a right so important by a tenure so uncer-
tain.
That it mateiially concerns sueli of the Ameiican citizens
as dwell on the western wateis, and is essential to the
union, strength, and prospenty, of these States, that they
obtain complete unty tor the full and peaceable enjoy-
ment of -«uch their absolute right.
That the Ptes.dent be nuthonzed to take immediate pos-
session of such place or places in the s.ud island, or the
adjacent territories, as he m <y deem fit and convenient, for
the purposes- aforesaid ; and to adopt such othei measures
fot obtaining that complete security as to him in his wisdom
shall seem meet.
That he be authorized into call into actual service any
number of the militia of the States of South Carolina,
Georgia, Ohio, Kentucky, Tennes&ee, or of the Mississippi
ten itory, which lie may think proper, not exceeding fifty
thousand, and to employ them, together with tlie military
and naval forces of the Union, for effecting the objects above
mentioned. .
That the sum of five millions of dollars be appropriated
to the carrying into effect the foregoing resolutions; and
that the whole or any part of that sum be paid or applied,
on warrants drawn in pursuance of such direction? as the
President may, from time to time, think proper to give to
the Secretary ofthe Treasury.
4nd on page. 274, you-find these resolutions pro-
