164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jcin. 1S5
posing that the President sho^p take immediate
possession, entire'v changed by the Democratic
Senators in Mr. Jefferson's confidence:
Revolted, That the President of the Cmttd States be, arid ,
he is hereby, authorized. whcnevei he shall judge it expo- 1
dient, to require of the Executives of the several States to •
take effectual measures to organize, arm, and equip, accord- 1
mi to law. and hold i« reudine«* to march, at a moment's
w;irmn<j,eightythousand effective militia, officers included.
enf.
who soall eonhriue, ni sPrvicf- for such time, not exceeding
 moiths, and penorra such services' as thall be pre- •
bcnljed by law.
jFiPsaltwL 'i hat dollar^ be appropriated for paving and
subsisting such part of the-troops aforesaid, whoso actual
service may be wanted, and for defraying such other ex-
penses aj, uurin? tn .* rec^s of Congress, tli" President ra xy
deem necessary wr il;o security of the teiritoiy of the Uni-
ed Stat<^.
flash-el, Thr.t dol'ars be appropriated for erecting, •
at such ptjtee or places on the wc-tern" waters ;;s tlie P:es-
ldentmay judge i.iost propjr, one or m->rc arsenals.
I have here the speech made by Mr. Ross, in-
support of his resolutions, proposing; to seize the
mouth of the Miss.ssippi and the adjacent terri-
tory, without negotiation: and the speech, sir, is
very much a counterpart of some that I ha\e
heard during the discussions that have taken pi,ice
since this war commenced. Mr. Ross urged that
it was convenient and necessary to seize upon the
territoiy. Certainly lie had the right to say so.
He insisted that we should not wait for negotia-
tion; and of course, as usualin such cases.he urged
that those who held the territory had no title to it.
But what was the course adopted in those days '
of Jefi'ersoman democracy? Did Mr. Jefferson
march upon and'seize, the territory, or point our
cannon into the windows of New Orleans, and ,
thus provoke a conflict? Did any such spirit as
that which seems to rage here with an unbridled
fury pervade the Democracy of that day ? I\To, sir;
no, sir. Tlie love , of justice had not abandoned
the American bosom; the honor of the American
character was still dear to American statesmen.
Thomas Jefferson, with his friends, dropped the
proposition of Mr. Ross to seize on the country on
the Mississippi, sent an Envoy Extraordinary to
join Mr. Livingston in Prance; and they nego-
tiated the celebrated treaty of lol)3, by which
Louisiana was ceded to this country, for the sum
of fifteen millions of doiltirs. ^Negotiation—freaty
—these were tiie means resorted to by the Democ-
racy ot ancient days. Alas! sir, it seems to me
as if there were a spirit now pervading a portion
of my friends on the other siue of the Chamber,
which disposes them to seize and hold territory
without negotiation, without treaty, without regard
to the consequences upon the character of the coun- ,
try. Prom all this 1 entirely dissent. I am not one i
of those who have denied, or mean hereafter to j
deny.thatindemnity may be received by my coun- 1
try from Mexico in the way of the acquisition of '
territory. What I have maintained is, that I will
not agree to rob for it. Buy any territory that
may be necessary for the good of the country;
buy the harbor of San Francisco and the adjacent
territory, for the use of our Deople; buy it on fair
and honorable terms, and I shall not object to it.
But take nothing by violence. If you intend to do
that, I wash my hands of it. I refuse to acqui- ,
esce in any such procedure, on the ground which
I have already stated—that I hold the national
character for justice and honesty of for more value
to my countrymeif, now and in'al! ages to come,
than ail the Sands and all the money which could
be acquired by a war of rapine, and all the mili-
tary glory that could be achieved in the wars of a
century. Lose that which excites in your own ■
bosom a proper feeling of self-respect, and you are .
a lost man. Let your country lose its self-respect, ;
by the folly or wickedness of its rulers, and she is '
degraded to such a degree that it will reoune the •
power of better men than we are, exei ted for a |
century to come, to restore her to the position from 1
which she has fallen. 1
Mr. SEVIER. Will the Senator have the good-
ness to tell me the date of Mr. Ross's resolutions ?
Air. f'LAI'TON. I f-iia.il send the book to the .
honorable bsnator, so that he may examine the
resolutions. ,
I have now consumed enough of the time of the
Senate, and trespassed sufficiently on its patience.
In concluding, I beg leave to tender to the honor-
able gentlemen here my thanks for the kind and .
patient attention wuh which they have heard me, j
and- to assure those on the opposite side of the j
house, as well as my friends here, that it is painful
for me to differ from those for whose character as
gentlemen and patriots I have high respect; and
that although now impelled by a sense of duty to
record my protest against their course, I shall
always be ready to cooperate with them in sus-
taining the true honor and the solid glory of our
common country.
The usual hour of adjournment having arrived—
Mr. PEARCE signified his intention of address-
ing the Senate to-morrow on the bill before them.
Mr. BUTLER gave notice that at the proper
time—undeistanding that m this stage of the bill it
would not be in order to move an amendment—he
would submit amotion to recommit the bill, for the .
purpose of striking out all after the enacting clause, 'j
and insulting the following as u substitute for the
bill:
*' That the regular army shall be increased as follows, viz:
To each company of tne artillery, infantry, and lifle regi-
ments, mere shall l>3 added privates, and to each com-
pany of th«; lt'uuncnts afoicsaid, as many subalterns ns wiJi
provj.Jp two first lieutenant? and two second hs-u'emnt-s, j
le^nectivv),: Tiiatthesaid troops f-hall be required '
to i^rve drti'iiig the war with Mexico, but maybe sooner [
dischaiged by older oftae President." !
Mr. BUTLER. I may, perhaps, without im- <
propriety, now indicate the object of this amend- j
rnent. 1 am very well satisfied, from all that I !
have heard here, that the President intends to i
carry on invasive operations in that part of Mexi- !
co, whether additional force be placed at his dis- '
posal or not. It becomes a question whether we 1
shall be bound to raise such a force as is provided ;
by the bill under discussion, or whether a differ-
ent, and in my opinion, a better mode may not be j
adopted. It seems to me, that the question re-!
solves itself into this simple proposition: The]
President has advertised both Houses of Congress, j
that the only mode in which he proposes to bring i
this war to a conclusion, by a n eaty of peace, is to j
reduce Mexico to such a state of coercion that she
will be obliged to accept of the terms thus arbitia- ,
rily dictated. All other modes of settling the contro- :
veisy with Mexico seem, hy the recommendation ;
of the President, to be discaided, and that single
proposition to be assumed. If, then, we are to
carry on invasive operations in the heart of Mexi-
co, I think we should pause, at least at this stage ,
of the proceedings, and say, whether we shall ac-
cede to that proposition ol the Executive.
For myself, i have consulted vnth no party on
this subject; but I do feel that we hate been from
the commencement of the war, and <-ie now,
making materials for a most eventful lustoiy. I
submit no other remarks at present; but give no- ,
tice, that to-morrow^I propose to explain my views !
not only on that amendment, but perhaps, if 1 j
should be allowed, on some other topics involved :
m that discussion. ^ j
The substitute was ordered to be printed.4
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time spent therein,
The Senate adjourned. -j
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Januanj 13, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, rose to a privileged
question, and moved to reconsider the vote by
whi^h, on motion of Mr. Riiett, the following
resolution, yesterday reported by Mr. Sci-ienck
from the Committee on iNaval Affairs, was laid on
the table, viz:
Re?o'veJ, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to unjuiie into the legality of the order nf the rfec-
letaiyof the Navj giving a^sim:} it'-d rank to "jur-jeon?, a->-
sisMr.f snricon®, and purser-?, and the expediency of top -nl-
inz or continuing the same by law; and that thu committee
report by lull or otherwise.
Mr. E. was proceeding to support his motion,
when he was reminded by
Tj.ie SPEAKER that the motion to lay on the
fable not being debatable, the motion to recon-
sider was not.
Mr. SCHENCK asked the general consent to
make some explanations in regard to the resolu-
tion. *
Objections were made. The question was taken
on the motion to reconsider, and decided in the
affirmative : Ayes 93, noes 60.
The question then recurred on the motion to lav
on the table, and the question being taken, the
motion was negatived—62 to S2.
The question recurred on the passage of the Res-
olution—
Mr. SCHENCK then spoke in favor of the
adoption of the resolution. Pie said he was satis-
fied yesterday, when the vote was taken on this
resolution, as reported from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, that its character and spirit were
not generally understood. He was exceedingly
sorry that a debate should have arisen on this sub-
ject at this time ; he should have preferred that the
resolution, which was one simply directing an in-
quiry, should have been allowed to take its course,
and that discussion should have been reserved until
the report should come from the committee with
aU the information they would be able to furnish
to the House. In this, however, he had been dis-
appointed, and therefore he felt compelled now to
call the attention of the IIoumj to the simple fact,
that this is a lesolution of inquiry only. It was
designed to instruct the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs to inquire Into and report on the legality of
the order of the Secretary of the Navy giving as-
similated rank to surgeons, assistant surgeons,
and pursers, and the expediency of repealing or
continuing the same by law ; and that the commit-
tee report by bill or otherwise. He did not under-
stand that, in reporting this resolution, or in its
adoption,any gentleman of either the committee, or
the House would he committed to anything. The
whole question involved in this resolution would
be still open until the report of the committee
should eomein. The only question was, Shall tho
committee inquire into the subject, and report
thereon to the House?
He regretted that he should be compelled to
make any remarks on so simple a question; but
how were they met? Why, the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Rhett] met them with the-
objection that it was supererogatory: that the com-
mittee had the subject already before them, and
might report without any instruction. The gen-
tleman based his position on the92d rule, which
provides that " it shall be the duty of the Commit-
' tee on Naval Affairs to take into consideration aU
' matters which concerned the naval establishment,.
' and which shall be referred to them by the House,
'and to report their opinion thereupon; and also to-
4 report, from time to time, such measures as may
'contribute to economy and accountability in tho
'said establishment." This was the rule; but the
gentleman would perceive that it was not applica-
ble, inasmuch as this subject had not yet been
"refened to them hy the House." It might be
that matters of this kind might be taken in charge
without any formal reference; but when a gentle-
man appeals to a rule in matters of this kind, it
was a little extraoidinary that he should do so
when the ternts of the vesolution do not sustain
the position assumed. If the committee had be-
fore them the report of the Secretary of the Navy,
there would be no difficulty to encounter: but it
would be recollected that the report of the Secreta-
ry of the Navy wasyetin Committeeof the Whole
on the state of the Union, and not in possession of
the Committee on Naval Affairs. The adoption
of this resolution, therefore, was the only legiti-
mate means of getting this subject before the com-
mittee for its action. And what was it that they
asked the House to instruct them to do? To re-
port on the legality of certain orders of the Secre-
tary of the Navy. And was the House aware of
what these oiders were? Had members of the
House made the investigation for themselves?
The honorable gentleman then proceeded to state
the circumstances attendant on the issuing of the
orders of the Secretary of the Navy Department,
showing that assimilated rank had been conferred
on surgeons, assistant surgeons, and pursers, from
lieutenant to commander. Pie quoted the orders
of Mr. Secretary Bancroft, and others more recent-
ly made hy Mr. Secretary Mason, winch give, for
instance, a purser of less than twelve years' stand-
ing rank with a lieutenant, and exceeding that
term rank with a commander. The question which
it was desired that the Committee on Naval Affaits
should answer was, whether such orders were
legal? Whether the -Secretary of the Navy had
the power and the right to confer such rank in the
naval service? The Secretary of the Navy had
ceitajnlythe ri^ht to issue orders regulating the
executive administration of its affairs. He had
the right to issue rules and regulations for its gov-
ernment; but had he the risht to issue orders affect- *
ing its organization'?" He thought it would be
