1848.
, THE: .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,,
165
found the Secretary of* the Navy- had no such
right.
The honorable genUemaru&en proceeded to cite
the legislation of Congressn*nder their constitu-
tional power, in 1615, delegating the framing of a
code of rules and regulations to the Board of Navy
Commissioners, and the adoption of that code in
1817, which rules and regulations operated as law
for its government to this day, regulating this mat-
ter of rank and precedence of the different officers
of the navy, but giving to pursers and other civil-
ians of the navy no rank whatever.
Were, then, these orders of the Secretary of the
Navy, giving assimilated rank, legal or illegal ? if
they were legal, it might be necessary in some
measure to modify them. If they were not legal,
. it was very desirable th£t the Naval Commit-
tee should report that fact to the House. He
would not detain the House by going into the mer-
its of the question of rank itself to any extent.
He would content himself with hoping that gen-
tlemen would inform themselves of some of the
leading features of some of these orders of the
Secretary of the Navy. It was claimed, he was
aware, that these civilians, on going into the navy,
were liable to find themselves subordinate to men
much youngerthan themselves; and in such a po-
sition their feelings were often sensibly affected.
Now, how this could be, he could not understand.
Surgeons in the navy occupied the position of sur-
geons only, and were not brought in collision with
naval officers at all. If, however, they were to
have assimilated rank, they would come in col-
lision with the officers of the navy—heart-burnings
and difficulties would be engendered—and the har-
mony of the service would be disturbed. But,
again, it was argued that surgeons were men of
education, and on that ground they should take
rank. Well, and were not other civilians in the
service men of education, and equally entitled on
that ground to rank? There were professors of
mathematics, and teachers, and chaplains, whose
very business was education. Should the rank of
lieutenant, and captain, and commander, be given
to these men of education? Would they put epau-
lettes on the shoulders of their chaplains, and give
them rank in the church militant?
But it was also said, that it was to protect the
social rights of these civilian officers that this was
done. This the honorable gentleman proceeded
to combat, and contended that it was unjust to the
officers in the service to give a purser, after twelve
years' service with the rank of a lieutenant, the
additional rank of a commander, simply'by an
order of the Secretary of the Navy—a rank to
which officers of the date of 1818 have not yet at- j
tained m the service. The office of purser was i
designed to be given to experienced merchants j
nnd accountants—mwi of character and intelh- j
gence, and with a knowledge of business; but |
what was the fact which every day's experience j
forced upon them ? Why, that the pursers of the I
present day were taken from among lawyeu:, and I
editors of newspapers, and politicians, as a re- !
ward for partisan services. And such men, in a
brief period, were elevated to a rank which effi-
cient naval officers could not attain until they had
arrrived at the age of fifty or sixty years.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, inquired if, by
virtue of the assimilated rank, any authority was
conferred on the surgeons, assistant surgeons, and
pursers? whether it gave any actual priority, or
was not merely an honoiary distinction?
Mr. SCHENCK*was understood to say, in re-
ply, that he understood the regulation as not in-
tended to give command to surgeons or pursers,
but it gave them rank and precedence.
He returned to the course of his argument. Un-
der this regulation of the Secretary, a purser might
be appointed to-day, and in twelve years he would
take rank of a lieutenant who had now been long
in active service, and who, before he could reach
the same rank with this non-combatant command-
er, might be fifty-five or sixty years old. What
a spectacle would our naval service present! Mil-
itary men—men who had spent all their lives in the
most arduous and exposed service of the country 
obliged to stand aside, and see* put over their
heads men who entered the navy but yesterday,
and who never had fired a gun or struck a blow in
conflict with an enemy; promoted to a rank they
could not hope for years and years to attain, not
for any military service, but as mere civilians.
Let-any one look at the pay which officers of
thp navy in the lower ranks of the service were
receiving. A man who had been serving for years
received a compensation not any greater than was
paid to the clerk of one of the committees of this
House. He might have been forty or fifty years
there, and yet he got but a bare subsistence. What,
then, was it which attached sucK"men to the naval
service? (And in answering thatquestion, as well
as in all the statements he had made, he knew what
he was saying, for he had connections and intimate
and warm friends among navy officers, and friends,
too, among the surgeons in the service.) Was it the
pay—pay that was not as great, in some cases, as
what was paid by this House to one of tlie assistant
clerksofthis H-ouse, or a clerk of acommittee? No;
it was the pride of rank. And whatever moralists
and sentimental people might talk or write about
the weakness of being tickled with so empty a
distinction, yet it was well known to every man
versed in the feelings of human nature, and espe-
cially of human nature as it was actually found in
every military and naval service under heaven,
these honors were dear to the human heart; so dear
as to be preferred to any pay that could be offered;
aye, to the safety of life itself. The purser was
rewarded by the law with pay; and, that his com-
pensation might in some degree be graduated by
what was supposed to be his increase in experience
and skill, it was increased every five years that he
continued in the service. The addition was made,
not on account of an actual increase in the services
rendered, but on the ground of his increase of age
and the presumption that his professional knowl-
edge and skill had increased in the same ratio. The
pay being all their reward, it was raised much above
what was allowed to naval officers, though the lat-
ter performed military services which exposed their
lives to hazard. And why? Because the larger
pay was meant to be an equivalent in lieu of rank.
The ofticei did not gctso much pay, but he received
rank as more than an equivalent to the greater pay
received by non-combatants, by other officers not
military. At sea, who worked the ship > Notthe
surgeons; not the pursers. And when the vessel
reached her destined port, who must stick by her?
Not the surgeons; not the pursers. These gentle-
men might leave the ship the moment they could
get their foot on terra firma, and (as he believed)
without even the formality of asking leave. In
battle, where were they? While the military officer
was at his post upon deck, pointing the guns, the
surgeon must, and the purser might, go below;
they might retreat into the cockpit, and be snug
below the water line, with the magazine and the
naval stores. Mr. S. might instance a thousand
other things to illustrate the argument.
But what was proposed by the new regulation
of the Secretary ? To give to these mere civilians
rank over the heads of ""those who performed mili-
tary services on shipboard, and earned their rank
in that way alone; and the alternative lay between
this and continuing them a.ej they were, compen-
sated not by rank and military honor, but by
larger pay, as they always had been.
Bn-fc Mr. S. had said a thousand times more than
he had intended. The subject had drawn him on,
and he would now go back to the terms of the
resolution which had been offered, and which con-
tained a respectful request that the Naval Commit-
tee might be directed to examine the subject, and,
as there existed doubts at least, if nothing more,
as to the legality of the Secretary's order, might
be permitted to examine into that question; and,
on the question of expediency, might inquire
whether, if legal or not, the order was likely to be
productive of beneficial effects, and report to the
House whether it ought to be repealed or modified,
or confirmed so as to give it the force of law.
Mr. RHETT said, that when he had moved
yesterday to lay the resolution of the gentleman
from Ohio on the table, it was not because he had
any objection to the inquiry proposed; and those
who had voted with lum were as far as himself
from being against investigation on this or any
other subject. They had laid the resolution on
the table because they thought it an irregularity in
the Committee on Naval Affairs to ask this House
for a power which had already been delegated to
them. The gentleman from Ohio considered that
committee as possessing no authority or right to
investigate any subject, unless it lmd been express-
ly referred to them by a vote or order of the
House. What said the rule which specified their
official powers? [Mr. R. here read the rule.]
Now, as he understood tbis rule", it empowered the
committee to inquire into ^any subject connected
with the naval service, and, in addition, to take
charge of any matters relating in any degree tb-fche
navy which might be referred to them by order of
the House. Their powers on these-subjects were
analogous to those of the Committee on. Foreign
Affairs.
By what authority, otherwise, had the'Naval
Committee reported such a resolution to the
House? According to the gentleman's own 'ar-
gument and his own interpretation oT the rule,
the committee had no right to report anything
to the House unless first ordered. The reso-
lution was itself a repoit; and if the gentleman
was right, he had done what neither he nor his
committee had any right to do. But Mr. R. be-
lieved no such thing. He maintained that the
gentleman had tha right to make this or any other
report connected with naval affairs which they
might deem proper and expedient. And he had
objected to passing the resolution, on the ground
that it was needless, granting a power which was
already in possession of the committee. Mr. R.
had, besides, another objection in his mind, though
he had not expressed it. The very subject to
which the resolution referred, with many others
of the same general charactcr, in relation to the
good of the service, was in the report of the Sec-
retary of the Navy, which accompanied the Ex-
ecutive message. If the gentleman would allow
that message to be referred, he would then have
the subject before his committee in his own way,
and according to his own understanding of the
rule. But this he would not do. He and his
! friends had refused to have that part of the mes-
I sage referred to them which related to naval af-
I fairs, and then they came with a resolution asking
I to be instructed to take up and consider one par-
l ticular part of the general subject. Where was
the consistency or propriety of such a course?
Mr. SOHENCK here interposed to say that the
Naval Committee, being prepared to take up this
subject of comparative rank, had hardly thought
it necessary to be kept waiting in idleness until the
message should be distributed and referred to the
several committees of the House. The Executive
message of 1838 was not referred to this day. If
the Naval Committee at that time had waited for
its reference, their first report would have remained
yet to be made.
Mr. RHETT resumed. The gentleman held
that his committee could take up no subject until
it was expressly referred to them by the House;
yet they wanted to act and to report on this sub-
ject of relative rank. If so, why did they vote
against having it referred to them ? And why, in-
stead of that, did they come to the House and ask
for instructions to take it up?
•Mr. SCHENCK said, the members of the Na-
val Committee supposed the subject pertinent to
I the general duty of such acommittee; and they
j had accordingly directed him to ask, in its name,
! that the subject might be referred to them,
i Mr. RHETT repeated his argument on the in-
consistency of first saying that a committee could
make no report until ordered by the House, and
then reporting a request for instructions because
they thought a certain matter came within their
jurisdiction. The gentleman never could get out
of his own dilemma; to use a significant phrase,
he had " sewed himself up." Mr. R. was surprised
the honorable gentleman had not spoken his hour
out; he ought to have spoken an hour at least on
a suhjeot over which he had such unquestionable
jurisdiction, and in which he professed so intimate
an acquaintance. This was quite a new system of
parliamentary proceeding. The Committee of
Ways and Means'reported the appropriation bills
without any special reference from the House.
They were ordered to report these bills within
thirty days after the commencement of the session;
yet, where were they? He supposed it must be
accounted for in the gentleman's new principles,
because the subjects had not been by direct votes-
specifically referred to them. To Mr. R. it seem-
ed a very queer notion, and something entirely
new. . .
But to the merits of the resolution itself. The
gentleman from Ohio was totally out in his suppo-
sition that the Secretary of the Navy had ever
thought of assuming the power of giving any offi-
cer in the naval service a relative rank he did not
already possess. His order addressed itself to
