166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 13,
remedy a state of things which certainly ought j
not to continue. As it now stood, surgeons and ;
pursers on board our ships of war were treated by j
iiaval officers as their inferiors. They might have !
been in the navy for a course of years, and render- ,
ed the most valuable service-, and yet thejr were ■
treated as not on a footing with any officer in the '
ship as a class of persons not gentlemen, but j
holding a sort of equivocal position between the :
forecastle and wardroom. The Secretary was
aware that many of these individuals were men of
education and refinement, learned men, men of
high talent and cultivated mind, and very far su-
perior to some of those who as military officers
had pointed the guns and performed the military
parts of the service."
Mr. SCHENCK inquired whether the scope
and intent of the order was then merely that sur-
geons and pursers should be admitted to mess
with officers in the wardroom ?
Mr. RHETT was understood to say that the
order was meant to operate only as a recommend-
ation or' these gentlemen to the courtesy and re-
spect of the naval officers*. The surgeons and pur-
sers considered themsehes wronged and slighted ,
by the existing state of the service, and complained
thai they were not treated as gentlemen.
Mr. SCHENCK here quoted the regulations of
the navy in regard to the admission of individuals
on shipboard to the wardroom, and lepeated the 3
question he had before put.
Mr. RHETT replied that the rule had respect j
in practice only to the relative rank of these gen- |
tlemen on shipboard and to their personal accom- !
niodnlion.
Mr. SCHENCK. Does it not entitle them to
the rank -conferred, not only on shipboard, but on
shore, and wherever they may be?
Mr. RHETT repeated that it merely commend-
ed them to the courtesy of the officers, and pro-
vided for their more comfortable accommodation.
Could the gentleman suppose that the Secretary
■was so stupidly ignorant of his duty and his pow-
ers as to imagine that any order or regulation of
his could confer rank in the navy? These indi-
viduals had no commissions as naval officers—
these could be conferred by the President alone.
Nor could he increase their pay a single dollar—
that was fixed by law. He attempted no such ab-
surdity. If the pay they granted to lieutenants
ijiks not enough, (as the gentleman seemed to
think,) Mi*. Ii. was willing; to increase it. The .
Secretary's order, however, did not confer on
surgeons or pursers any real advance of rank or !
emolument—it only was intended to secure to |
them a little more courtesy and respect and some- I
what better accommodations on shipboard. The
Secretary had an undoubted right to make a regu-
lation to this effect. Similar things had been done
without question or censure by his immediate pre-
decessors.
He concluded by repeating his conviction that
the gentleman's resolution was needless, and ought
to be laid on the table.
Mr. STEPHENS called for'the orders of the day.
The CHAIR reminded Mr. S. that the question
of lecousideration was a privileged question, and
took precedence of the oidmaiy business of the
House.
Mr. ROOT moved the previous question.
Mr. EVANS was very desirous of the floor, and
wished Mr. R. to withdraw his motion, promising
to renew it after some remarks. But Mr. R. re-
fused.
The previous question was seconded, and, under
its operation, the resolution was agreed to: Ayes
83, noes 79. • .
ADDITIONAL CLERKS IN" PENSION OFFICE.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, said he desired to
move, if in order, to discharge the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union from the fur-
ther consideiauon of the joint resolution repoited
by hiy colleague, [Mr. Cocke,] chairman of the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions, providing
for the employment of additional clerks in the Pen-
sion Office.
The .SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. JONES. Cannot the House, by general
consent, discharge the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union from the further considera-
tion of the subject?
The SPKA&ER. The Hou.se can, by unani-
mous consent, do anything.
Mr. JONES. Then, sir, I hope no gentleman ;
will object. This is a subject of urgent and press- !
ing necessity, in which the constituents of every '
member of this House are interested. These ad- 1
ditional clerks must be authorized, and the sooner I
the better. For the information of the House, 1 ;
will state that, by conference with my colleague, j
[Mr. Cocke,] the chairman who reported this res- ;
, olution,itis proposed, should this subject be taken ,
from the committee, in order to free the measure 1
. from the rule which requires that every proposi-
tion containing an appropriation shall be first con-
sidered m Committee of the Whole on the state of |
the Union, to move to strike out so much of the ■
: resolution as proposes to make an appropuatjon to j
pay these cicrks, and pass the resolution providing
merely for the employment of additional cleiks in
the Pension Office, leaving the appropriation to pay
them to be passed in the general appropriation bill. :
There is, i am satisfied, a general disposition of !
the House to pass this measure in some form. I
hope no objection will be made.
Objection being made, the committee were not
dischaigcd.
Mr. iiOYD moved the usual resolution to ter-
minate ail debate in Committee of the Whole on
the President's annual message, and the resolu-
tions refen mg the same to the appropriate com-
mittees, lo-morrow, at two o'clock.
( Mr. HALL, of New Yoik, moved to lay the
j resolution on the table; which question was deei-
j ded in the affirmative: Yeas 100, nays 94.
| Mr. C. J. 1NGERSOLL, from the Committee
; on Foreign Aiiairs, made a report to accompany a
| biil yesterday reported by him " to settle tne chum
j of the heirs of Richard YV. Meade, deceased. "
i RETURN OF SANTA ANNA TO MEXICO.
I The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
! lowing message from the President of the United
States :
Washington, January 12, 1648.
To the House of Representatives of the United Slates:
I have carefully con&tdeied the resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 4th instant, le-
questing the President to communicate to that
House •• any instructions which may have been
4 given to any of the officers of the army or navy
' of the United States, or other persons, in regaid
4 to the return of President General Lopez de Santa
4 Anna, or any other Mexican, to the Republic
4 of Mexico prior or subsequent to the order of
4 the President or Secretary of War, issued in
' January, 1846, for the march of the army tioin
4 the Nueces nvcr, across the ' stupendous deserts' :
* -which intervene, to the Rio Grande; that the date
' of all such instructions, orders, and correspond-
6 ence be set forth, together with the instructions
4 and orders issued to Mr. Slidell at any time prior
4 or subsequent to his departure for Mexico as
4 Minister Plenipotentiary of the United States to
4 that Republic," and requesting the President also
to " communicate all the orders and correspond-
4 ence of the Government m relation to the return
4 of General Paredes."
I transmit herewith reports from the Secretary
of State, the Secretary of War, and the Secretary
of the Navy, with the documents accompanying
the same, which contain all the information in the
possession of the Executive which it is deemed
compatible with the public interests to communi-
cate.
For further information relating to the return of
Santa Anna to Mexico, I refer you to my annual
message of December 8,1846: The facts and con-
siderations stated in that message induced the
order of the Secretary of the Navy to the com-
mander of our squadron in the Gulf of Mexico, a
copy of which is herewith communicated. This
! order was issued simultaneously with the order to
j blockade the coasts of Mexico, both bearing date
j the 13th of May, 1846, the day on which the ex-
! istence of the war with Mexico was recognized by
| Congress. It was issued solely upon the views
| of policy presented in that message, and without
! any understanding on the subject, direct or mdi-
| rect, with Santa Anna or any other person.
1 General Paredes evaded the vigilance of our
j combined forces by land and sea, and made his
j way back to Mexico from the exile into which he
| had been driven, landing at Vera Cruz after that
: city and the castle of San Juan de Ulua were m
j our military occupation, as will appear from the
1 accompanying reports and documents.
The resolution calls for* the " instructions and.
* orders issued to Mr. Slidell, at any time prior or
( subsequent to his departure for Mexico, as Min-
* ister Plenipotentiary of the United States to that
'Republic." The customary and usual reserva-
tion contained in calls of either House of Congress
upon the Executive for information relating to our
intercourse with foreign nations, has been omitted
in the resolution before me. The call of the
House is unconditional. It is, that the informa-
tion requested be communicated, and thereby be
made public, whether, in the opinion of the Ex-
ecutive, who is charged by the Constitution with
the duty of conducting negotiations with foreign
Powers, such information, when disclosed, would
be prejudicial to the public interest or not. It has
been a subject of serious deliberation with me,
whether I could, consistently with my constitu-
tional duty and my sense of the public interests
involved and to be affected by it, violate an im-
portant principle, always heretofore held sacted
by mv predecessors, as I should do by a compli-
ance with the request of the House. President
Washington, in a message to the House of Rep-
resentatives of the 30th of March, 1796, declined
to comply with a request contained in a resolution
of that body, to lay before them "a copy of the
4 instructions to the Minister of the United States
' who negotiated the treaty vfith the King of Great
4 Britain," " together with the coriespondence and
4 other documents relative to the said treaty, ex-
' cepting such of the said papers as any existing
4 negotiations may render improper to be ths-
4 closcd." In assigning his reasons for declining
to comply with the call, he declared that 44 the na-
1 ture of foreign negotiations requires caution, and
4 their success must often depend on secrecy; and,
'even when brought to a conclusion, a full disclo-
sure of all the measures, demands, and eventual
4 concessions which may have been proposed or
4 contemplated, would be extremely impolitic; for
'this might have a pernicious influence in future
4 negotiations, or produce immediate inconveni-
4 ences, perhaps danger and mischief, in refation to
4 other Powers. The necessity of such caution
4 and secrecy was one cogent reason for vesting- the
4 power of making treaties in the President, with
4 the advice and consent of the Senate—the princi-
4 pie on which that body was formed confining it
4 to a small number of members. To admit, then,
i 4 a riffht in the House of Representatives to rle-
4 mand, and to have, as a matter of course, all the
. 4 papers respecting a negotiation with a foreign
4 Power, would be" to establish a dangerous prece-
; ' dent." In that case, the instructions and docu-
j' ments called for related to a treaty which had been
j' concluded and ratified by the President and Senate,
{! and the negotiations in relation to it had been ter-
|j minated. There was an express reservation, too,
s< excepting" from the call all such papers as rela-
ted to 44 any existing negotiations'5 which it mi^hi
be improper to disclose. In that case, President
Washington deemed it to he a violation of an im-
portant principle, the establishment of a ''danger-
ous precedent," and prejudicial to the public m-
! terests, to comply with the call of the House.
Without deeming it to be necessary on the present
occasion to examine or decide upon the other rea-
sons assigned by him for his refusal to communi-
: cate the information requested by the House, the
one which is herein recited is in my judgment
conclusive in the case under consideration.
Indeed, the objections to complying with the re-
, quest of the House contained* in the resolution
before me, are much stronger than those which
; existed in the case of the resolution m 1796. This
; resolution calls for the 44 instructions and orders"
< to the Minister of the United States to Mexico,
which relate to negotiations which have not been
terminated, and which may be resumed. The in-
formation called for respects negotiations which the
! United States offered to open with Mexico imme-
diately preceding the commencement of the exist-
i ing war. The instructions given to the Minister
! of the United States relate to the differences be-
; tween the two countiies out of which the war
grew, and the terms of adjustment which we were
prepared to offer to Mexico in our anxiety to pre-
vent the war. These differences still remain unset-
tled, and to comply with the" call of the House
would be to make public, through that channel,
and to communicate to Mexico, now a public ene-
my engaged in war, information which could not
. fail to produce serious embarrassment in any ru-
