1848,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
other public agents in South America, if sucli a communi-
cation might now be made consistently with the public in-
terest, or with justice to the parties concerned. Inconse-
quence of several charges which have been alleged against
Commodore Stewart, touching his conduct while command-
ing.the squadron of the United States m that sea, it has been
deemed proper to suspend him from duty, and to subject
him to trial on those charges. ' It appearing, also, that some
of those charges have been communicated to the department
by Mr. Provost, political agent at this time of the United
States at Peru, and heretofore 2$, Buenos Ayres and Chili,
and apparently with his sanction, and chat charges have
likewise been made against him by citizens of the United
States engaged in eommjgme in that quarter, it has- been'
thought equally just and prefer that he should attend here,
as well to furnish evidence in his possession applicable to
the charges exhibited against Commodore Stewart, as to
answer such as have been exhibited against himself. In
this stage, the publication of those documems might tend to
excite prejudices which might operate to the injury of both.
It is impoitant that the public seivants m every station
should peiform their duty with fidelity, according to the
injunctions of the law and the orders of the Executive in
fulfilment thereof. It is peculiarly so that this should be
done by the commanders of our squadrons, especially in
distant seas, and by political agents who represent the Uni-
ted States with foreign powers, lor reasons that are obvious
inlrnth instances. It is due to their rights and to the chai-
acter of the Government, that they be not censured without
just cause, which cannot be ascertained until, on a view of
the charges, they are heard an their defence, and after a
thorouglfand impartial investigation of their conduct. Under
these circumstances, it is thought that a communication at
tiiis time of those documents would not comport with the
public mteicst, nor with what is due to the parties con-
cerned. JAMES MONROE.
" Washington, January 10,1825."
He would read another very short message of
Mr. Monroe, which, though somewhat different in
its character, bore on the general question. It was
as follows:
ft To the House of Representatives of the United State* •
li In answer to a resolution of the House of Representa-
tives, of December 24th, requesting the President of the
United States to lay before the House such infoimation as
he may possess, and which maybe disclosed without injury
to the public good, relative to the determination of any sov-
ereign, or combination of sovereigns, to assist Spnin in the
subjugation of her lute colonies on the American continent]
and whether any Government ot Europe is disposed or de-
termined to oppose any aid or assistance which such sover-
eign or combination of i^oveieiym, may afford to Spam for
the subjugation of her late colonies above-mentioned, I have
to state that I possess no information on that subject not
known to Congress which can be disclosed without injury
to the public good. JAMES MONltOE.
" Washington, January 12, 1824.
lie also held in his hand a message of General
Jackson, in response to a call of the House of
Representatives, of which he would read the
closing paragraph, in relation to differences between
the United States and the Republic of Buenos
Ayres:
" This fact, it is believed, will justify the opinion I have
formed, that it will not be consistent with the public inteicst
to communicate the concpponde.ice and in-truetinns ie-
questcd by the House, so long as the negotiations shall be
pending. A'VDKEW JACKSON.
" Washington, December 2d,
Thus, then, it would be seen that Presidents
Monroe and Jackson, and almost every other,
doubtless, if he had an opportunity to examine the
records to show, had been, according to the aigu-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, (Mr- Sahenck,]
disposed to be destructive of the rights of the House
of Representatives, and unwilling to confide to
them the secrets of the Government. In the de-
nunciations of the gentleman from Ohio were
included not only Presidents Monroe and Jackson,
but President Washington, and, if he mistook not,
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams]
also.
Mr. BARRINGER desired to ask the gentle-
man from Alabama whether, in all the cases cited,
the resolutions ealling for information did not ex-
pressly qualify the call by words which gave the
President a discretion in determining whether their
communication would be consistent with the pub-
lic interest?
Mr. G-. S. HOUSTON replied in the negative.
He had communicated one resolution to the House
of a different character. With respect to the call
on President Washington, he would say, that the
resolution which terminated in a call was discuss-
ed in the House of Representatives for many days; !
it was referred to the Committee of the Whole on I
the state of the Union, and there long debated; J
and yet, after that, President Washington refused '
to comply with it. j
He did not know that there was anything fur- '
ther that he could say that would throw any light j
on the subject. He would only add, that, so far ;
as the present message was concerned, there was j
ample authority to sustain it. President Polk i
could intrench himself behind the authority of*
Washington, and Monroe, and Jackson, without
going into an examination of the messages of
others. Negotiations with Mcxico were still an
open question. The difficulties between the two
Republics must necessarily be matter of negotia-
tion. If, then, the instructions to our Minister
were published, they would be known to the world,
and might embarrass negotiations. It was well
known to gentlemen, that when Ministers were
sent to foreign Governments, they had often given to
them a discretion, if they could not obtain one ob-
ject to accept another, tie did not know that that
was the case in this instance, but if it were, he
asked the House if it would- be proper at this time
to publish such instructions to the world? If those
instructions were produced here, they would very
soon find their way into the newspapers. Even
treaties confided to the Senate they had not been
able to keep secret, for, in a most extraordinary
and unprecedented manner, they had obtained pub-
licity while under consideration in executive ses-
sion. What, then, would be the fact here?
Mr. TOOMBS desiied to see this matter refer-
red to some committee; but, not having had the
opportunity which his friend from Alabama had
had to examine it, he was not satisfied what that
committee should be.
Mr. HOUSTON was understood to disclaim
having had any opportunities to consider this sub-
ject which were not open to every other member;
but he was scarcely audible at the reporter's desk.
Mr. TOOMBS had only to remark, that the
question now was, not whether the President of
the United States may not under certain circum-
stances withhold information, whose publication
would be inconsistent with the public service, for
such power must be lodged there; but the ques-
tion was, whether this was such a case. The
decision of the House must depend on that fact,
because, though the President may in certain cir-
cumstances withhold documents from the two
Houses of Congress, it did not follow that he could
capriciously do so whenever he -chooses. This
message should therefore go to some committee—
either a special committee or the Committee on
Foreign Affairs—for examination. He was free
to confess, he repeated, that the power existed to
withhold information when the public interests
would be injured by its publication; but the ques-
tion was, whether all the diplomacy and all the
instructions connected with this subject ought not
to be laid before the country. The authorities
which had been read by the gentleman from Ala-
bama were not germam to the question; for no
man disputes that under some circumstances in-
formation may be withheld. Whether the Picsi-
deiit was ju.^tnicd in the course he had pursued
would be the subject of inquiry by a committee;
and therefore he moved the previous question.
Mr. C. .T. 1NGERSOLL begged the gentleman
from Georgia to withdraw that motion to enable
him to make an explanation.
Mr. TOOMBS assented.
Mr. C. J . INGERSOJLL then begged, in the first
place, to putthe House in possession of what really
did occur at the time referred to by the gentleman
from Alabama. He held in his hand the Life of
General Washington, by Marshall, from which he
read the following passages:
"This dissatisfaction was not concealed. On the 2d
March, Mr. Livingston, after stating that the ireaty lately
i negotiated with Great Britain must give use to several im-
| poitantand constitutional questions, laid upon the table a
i leaolution requesting tin-PicMdent'to lay before the House
{ a copy of the irmnictions to the Minister of the United
] States who negotiated the treaty with the Kma of Great
, Biit.un, communicated by Ins message of the lst'of March,
I together with die correspondence and other documents rela-
1 tiv<  to said treaty.1 •
I "On the 7th Match, he amended this resolution by adding
j the words, ' excepting such of the said papeis a-s any ext&t-
I ing negotiation may lender improper to be diiclosed.5 After
some debate, Mr. Madison proposed to modify the amend-
ment of Mr. Livingston, so as to except such papers as, m
the judgment of the President, it might be inconsistent with
thp interest of the United States at tins tune to disclose.
This proposition was rejected by a majority of ten voices,
and the discussion of the onginal resolution \v<is resumed.
The debate soon glided into an argument on the natuie and
extent of the treaty-making power.'5—Marshall's Life of
IVaUangton, chap. 8,/). 651—654.
The Judge then added the following remarks:
" The Situation in which this vote placed the Executive
was peculiarly delicate. In an elective government, the
difficulty of renting the popular branch of the IcgtsUiuiu is
at all times of seiious magnitude ; but it is particularly f;o
when the passions of the public have been strongly and gen-
erally excited by exertions which have pervaded the whole
of society. The popularity of a demand for information—
the large majority by which, in the present instance, that
demand was supported—the additional force wfoich a refu-
sal to comply with it would give to suspicions already insin-
uated, that circumstances had occurred'in th'e negotiation
which the Administration dared not expose, and;that the
President was separating himself from the representatives of
the people—furnished motives, not lightly to be overruled,
for yielding to the request which had been made.
" But these considerationswere opposed by others, which,
though less operative with men who fear to deserve .the pub-
hc favor by hazarding its loss, possess an irresistible influ-
ence over a mind resolved to pursue steadily the path of
duty, however it may abound with thorns.
" That the future diplomatic transactions of the govern-
ment might be seiiou lv and permanently affected by estab-
lishing the principle that the House of Representatives could
demand as a right the instructions given to a foreign minis-
ter, and all the papers connected with a negotiation! was too-
apparent to be unobserved. Nor was it le*s obvious that a
compliance with the request now made would go far in es-
tablishing this principle. The form of the request, and the
motives which induced it, equally led to this conclusion.
It left nothing to the discretion of the President with rcgaid
to the public interests ; and the information was asked tor
the avowed purpose of determining whether the House of
Representatives would give effect to a public treaty."—
Marshall's Life of Washington, p. 652, 65:1, 054.
There was the authority of Mr. Madison, Mr.
Livingston, and Mr. Marshall, which, to say the
least of it, was very great authority. He had riot
been able to hear what had fallen from the gentleman
from Massachusetts, which was much to be regret-
ted, as that gentleman's great familiarity with the
subject, and his great experience, were all calcu-
lated to give to whatever he said great weight on
the minds of members of this House. But, with*
out knowing" what that gentleman did say, after
having presented great authorities, he desired to
submit to the House, with great deference, one or
two brief suggestions.
And, in the first place, he begged to say, that
there was a distinction, as shown by the gentle-
man fiom Alabama, which must be obvious to
every mind, between the past and the present. It
must be remembered that President Washington
was called upon to exhibit his past instructions,
whereas Mr. Polk was called upon to communi-
cate those which relate to the present or the fu-
ture. And surely in this must be seen n striking
difference, as was shown by the gentleman from
Alabama, though that gcntlefnan did not go half
far enough. In the one case, it was a case of
peace, and in the other of war. He was prepared
to concede to the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] that a part of the argument was correct.
This House had the right, and it must exercise the
right on many great occasions, to insist on having
communications from the President ; but it would
not be denied that there was also a large class of
cases in which the President was empowered to
withhold information. In addition to cases which
had been given, they all would recollect the time
when the gentlejnan from Massachusetts, standing
in his place in this House, told them that a large
portion of the secret service money under his ad-
ministration had been disposed of; but to that
hour it had not been made known how. This was a
common every-day thing. And who in such cases
was to be the judge of the propriety of making the
communications? The President was the judge.
And if the President exercised his discretion im-
properly, what remedy had this House? This
H'ouse had the power to impeach him, and that
was all it could do.
But a word or two respecting the argument of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.] That
gentleman said, here were .two hundred gentlemen
who were all capable also of judging of this mat-
ter. Why, that was the very reason why infor-
mation should often be withheld. No better rea-
son could be given than that furnished by the
argument of the gentleman from Ohio. Even a
smaller body at the other end of this Capitol could
not keep from the public information privatelycon-
lided to it. How, then, could private instructions
be secietly communicated to a body so large as
this without danger of being disclosed ? But the
gentleman from Ohio, in a burst of what he sup-
posed was eloquence, had intimated that the Presi-
dent was a monarch, and that they were there to
execute his behests. Now, in his judgment, the
question was, whether the President was right or
wrong. If the President was right, it was no
monarchical power. It was a power which, in
the nature of things, must be lodged in somebody.
Why, then, should this go to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs? He really could not see what
that committee had to do with it. It was, if any-
thing, a great question of constitutional law; and,
if it was necessary to commit it, it should be com-
