170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 13,
rmtted to (he Committee on the Judiciary, or to a
select committee. It assuredly was not a subject
which belonged to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs. The President certainly was fortified in his
position by the opinions of many great men.
He knew not if it would now be in order to
move to refer this subject to the Committee of the
Whole. If it were, he would make that motion
before he sat down; for what could any standing
committee do but make majority and minority re-
ports, just as in Committee of the Whole they
•would have majority and minority speeches ?
Mr. TOMPKINS suggested to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to embrace in his motion a
proposition to make it also the special order for an
early day.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL assented, and said he
had no objection to say to-morrow, except that it
was private bill day.
Some gentlemen suggested Monday, and others
Tuesday.
The SPEAKER suggested, that to make it the
special order would require a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. TOMPKINS said, if it could not be made
the special order for an early day, he should prefer
a select committee.
Mr. SCHENCK thought the best way to con-
sider it was to send it to a committee, and get a
report upon it, which they could have printed.
M. C, J. INGERSOLL repeated that there
■would be majority and minority reports, as well
as speeches. The best course would be to send it
to the Committee of the "Whole on the state of the
Union, and make it the special order for some early
day, which could be done on Monday next.
Mr. COLLAMER said he had been desirous
that this subjcct should take the usual course, be
referred to a committee, (whether a special com-
mittee or one of the standing committees, he cared
not,) and then to a Committee of the Whole House,
and then a regular discussion be had. But gen-
tlemep on ihe other side seemed unwilling for this;
they had commenced their remarks, and seemed all
ready prepared and furnished for a discussion,
wnh their authorities before them, all dog-eared
down and ready for reference, while those on Mr.
C.'s side of the House had never left their seats,
since they heard the messasre, for the first time.
Mr. THOMPSON", of Mississippi, here inter-
posed, and wished to be allowed to move for the
printing of the message; but Mr. COLLAMER
declined to yield the floor.
He proceeded to remark, that what was said on
his own side of the House was merely in answer
to an ex parte argument that seemed to have been
already prepared, cut and dry, on the other side.
Mr. HOUSTON said something, not distinctly
heard by the reporter, but understood to be a dis-
claimer of preparation.
Mr. COLLAMER said, that though they on his
side had not enjoyed the opportunity from a pre-
vious knowledge of the contents of this Executive
document to digest at leisure an argument in reply,
yet, what had been said in defence of the message
ought not to be permitted to go off as if there was
no answer to be made to it. Mr. C. should speak
to the case as he understood it, as the gentlemen
on the other side had put it, and as the President
himself put it. The only precedent quoled and re-
lied on by him was the case of Jay's treaty, and
the action which was had in regard to it. Let us
see what was the decision of the House of Repre-
sentatives on President Washington's message re-
fusing the correspondence asked for by resolution.
The ground insisted on by Washington was, that
as the treaty negotiated by Mr. Jay with Great
Britain had been ratified by the Senate, it became,
according to the provision of the Constitution on
that subject, the paramount law of the land, and as
such bound all, and bound the House of Repre-
sentatives with others. It bound the House to vote
the requisite supplies to carry the treaty into effect,
since it was always the duty of that House to pro-
vide for carrying a law into effect until it was re-
pealed. As a treaty, therefore, was a law to all,
and could not be repealed, it was a law to Con-
gress, and they were bound to make the necessary
appropriations to fulfil it. As to the papers called
for, the President said he had submitted all of them
to the Senate, who were the proper authoiity to
judge of the propriety of the treaty. Mr. C. said
that he did not find on the record that this ground
taken by President Washington had been over-
ruled by the House. It was true, that the House
had afterwards voted the supplies, but had not any
where denied the positions Uxken in the message.
Now, if the existing President put his present
refusal to furnish the correspondence with Mr.
Slidell on this precedent of the refusal of Wash-
ington in the case of Jay's treaty, what were the
necessary correlatives to constitute the one a justi-
fication of the other? When Congress declared
war, but without any manifesto, they delivered
the war over to the Executive, to carry it on at
his discretion, he being the sole judge of the mode
of doing this. He might carry it on and bring it
to an end in any way that might seem to him best.
Congress had lost all control of the matter; they
had given it ail over to the President, and there-
fore had no right authoritatively to demand any
further information from him in regard to it.
Now, the ground taken by the President was,
that this case of the war with Mexico was a par-
allel case to that of Washington in relation to
Jay's treaty. But no power of logic could show
it to be parallel. The comparison not only did not
run upon all fours, it had not as many a3 two legs
to run on. It was said that Congress had made
the war and committed it to the President to carry
it on at his discretion, and therefore Congress had
no right to demand these papers from him. Was
thisso> Were the cases alike? Were gentlemen
prepared to say that Congress, by declaring this
war without any manifesto of the reasons, so
committed it unconditionally to the President's
management and control that they had lost there-
by all control of the subject? If so, then this was
a parallel case, and Congress was bound to give
the President whatever he asked, and to demand no
explanations or information he chose to withhold.
Mr. C. said he was aware that there were some
gentlemen not a little inclined to this view of the
| matter. Many seemed to think that, as the nation
! was at war, Congress must appropriate for the
j expenses of the war, and the President must con-
l duct it in his own way. So he must, if it was left
to his own discretion. That was the only thing
left him to do: he had no choice: he must, in that
case, be governed by his own discretion; and the
whole duty of Congress consisted in supplying
j him with the requisite means.
; But Mr. C. denied that because Congress had
' not, at the time it declared war to exist with Mex-
ico, declared the purpose or ends fur which it
should be waged on our part, therefore it could
not make such declaration .voiv, Suppose that
the Piesident should now say that, in his discre-
; tion, the war should be carried into Great Britain,
| was it possible that Congress had no voice or con-
' trol in the matter, but must vote him the men and
money to do so ? Had the judgment of the Presi-
dent obligatory force on that House? Had they
lost all control of it? Mr. C. utterly denied it.
He insisted that the same power which made the
war might at any time declare the ends and ob-
jects for which it should be waged, and for which
alone; and might graduate its supplies of money
and of men to meet that end and provide for it,
and for it only.
Mr. C. did not see the President was so much
to blame for using his own discretion when Con-
gress had given him no other guide. All Congress
had to do was to manifest their will as to the end
for which the war should be carried on. If the
President told them he was going to conquer ail
Mexico, and Congress did not approve of that
purpose, all they had to do was to grant men and
money on condition that the purpose it did hke
shoultl be the end to which alone they should be
applied. Put that in their bill, and then the Presi-
dent would have a guide.
Mr. C. did not intend now to go into the sub-
ject; but he said that becau.se Washington thought
and declared that he had communicatcd the papeis
asked for to the only proper organ to judge of trea-
ties, and that Congress was bound to make the
appropriations to carry Jay's treaty into effect, no
man could make that a case parallel w ith this, un-
less he could first show that Congiess had lost all
control of the conduct of the war, and was forced
to conform itself to the discretion of the President.
Mr. TOMPKINS obtained the floor, and, after
some desultory conversation with his friends,
moved an adjournment.
Mr. VINTON inquired of the Chair whether,
if the House should now adjourn, this would be
the pending question to-morrow ?
The CHAIR said that, under the rules, to-mor-
row was set apart for the consideration of private
bills, and it would require a vote of two-thirds to
set that order aside. But if the subject were post-
poned to a day certain, it would then be in order
on that day to move to go into Committee of the
Whole antl take up this as the pending question.
Mr. TOMPKINS thereupon moved to post-
! pone the subjec^ to Tuesday next, to make it the
j special order for that day, and that the message
i be printed; which motion prevailed.
1 And the House adjournal.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 13, 1848.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report from the Secretary of War, exhibiting the
contracts made by authority of the department
during the year 3847.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. ASHLEY "presented a petition from E. PI.
Featherstoneand forty-six other citizens of Arkan-
sas, asking the establishment of a mail route from
Mount Ida, the county seat of Montgomery, to
Ultima Thule, via Dallas, the county seat of Polk,
in said State; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented a petition from citi-
zens of Illinois, asking the right of way and a
donation of land to aid the State in the construc-
tion of a railroad to connect the upper and lower
Mississippi with the great lakes at Chicago; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition from Geo.
C. Mitchell, asking thot a certain sum of money
improperly collected from him may be refunded;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CLAYTON presented a petition from Fred-
erick Dawson, James Schott, and Elisha Dana
Whitney, asking payment for certain vessels fur-
nished Texas, and given up by that Republic on
her annexation to the United States; which was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented a peti-
tion from Henry V. Keep, of Vicksburg, asking
compensation and allowances for services in the
army of invasion in Mexico; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mi. SEVIER, ftom the Committee on Foreign
Relations,reported a bill for the relief of John Black,
late consul at Mexico; which was read a first time.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on Post Of-
fices and Post Roads, reported a bill for the relief
of Joseph Caldwell; which was read a first time.
Also, from the same committee, a bill for the
relief of Creed Taylor; which was read a first time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported^House bill making
further provision for surviving widows of the -sol-
diers of the Revolution, without amendment.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on Military
Affaiis, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of George Center, and
that it be referred to the Committee of Claims ;
which was agreed to.
Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the resolutions
submitted by Mr. Benton, for the printing of the
tour or memoir of Dr. "WisUzenus, illustrative of
the expedition of Colonel Doniphan, made the fol-
lowing report:
"That there be printed for the use of the Senate five
thousand copies of"the tour; and tftattheie be lithographed
a ltk<  numb'-n of the map-, aoeornpam ins the same. Also,
two hundied for the use of Di. WislizeniH.
Which report was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED OA' LEAVE.
Mr. HUNTER asked and obtained leave to in-
troduce a bill supplemental- to an act passed the
9th day of July, 1846, entitled " An act to retro-
cede the county of Alexandria, in the District of
Columbia, to the State of Vn^inia.},
The bill having; been read twice—•
Mr. HUNTER expressed a hope that the Sen-
ate would indulge linn by allowing the passage of
the bill at this time, it was a mere formal mat-
ter, and was precisely similar to a bill which
passed the Senate last session, -
An objection being interposed—
On motion of Mr.' HUNTER, the bill was re-
