1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBS.
171
ferred to the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia.
Mr. BREESE asked and obtained leave to in-
troduce a bill to provide for the compensation of
Samuel Leech, for services in the investigation of
suspended sales in the Mineral Point district,
Wisconsin; which was read twice, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. MANGUM submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to lay befoie the Senate all the plans, estimates,
and calculations presented by General Scott, as in his opin-
ion best adapted to attain the objects of the war; and
his opinion touching the military means necessary to ac-
complish the objects of our Government, in any arid all al-
ternative views that have been considered by the Execu-
tive or suggested by General Scott to bring the war with
Mexico to a close, if not inconsistent, in the opinion of the
President, with the public service.
Mr. M. said he hoped that the resolution would
be considered at once.. It was neccssary to have
all the information which" it embraced to enable
them to vote understanding^ on the bills before
the Senate.
The consideration of the resolution having been
objected to, it lies over under the rule.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Po&t
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of ma-
king provision by Jaw to prevent the losse^ sustained by the
public ui consequence of intelligence conveyed by the daily
expie^s established by individuals to and from iSfew Oileans.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Dayton on the llth instant, was considered and
agreed to :
Resohed, That the President he requested to furnish to the
Senate (if in hisjndginent not incompatible with the public
service) copula of the letter refi-rred tr> in hi-, of
General. Scott of'SOth May, 1847, and of the letter of General
Taylor of 23th October, 1816, on the subject of "forced con-
tributions " in Mexico ; and of all other correspondence on
that subject, if any, not heietofore communicated.
The following- resolution, submitted by Mr.
Baldwin on the llth instant, was considered and
agreed to : „
Resolved, That the Ptesident of the United States be re-
quested to communicate for the information of the Senate the
coirespondence between the Commissioner from the United
States and the Commissioners nppomtf-d fey the Govern-
ment of Mexico to negotiate with lnm during the suspension
of hostilities, after the battles of Contrerns and Churubusco,
and any oilier information which may enable the Senate to
understand the terms, progress, and issue of thatnegotiation,
so far as he may deem the same not incompatible with the
public interest.
The bill from the House of Representatives to
grant a register to the barque Sarali and .Eliza was
read with a view to reference; when—
Mr. DIX requested that tiie Senate would con-
sent to immediate action on the bill, which was
one of mere form, to which there could be no ob-
jection.
The bill was then considered as in Committee
of the Whole, reported without amendment, read
a third time, and passed.
The bill for the relief of J. M. Moore was then
taken up for consideration as in Committee of the
Whole, and the amendment reported from the com-
mittee having; been agreed to—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, moved to amend
the bill by striking out the proviso.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
amendment reported from the committee.
Mr. BREESE. I would inquire whether the
amendment has been concurred m.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has. '
Mr. BREESE;- I move then to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope it will not be re-
considered. This case of Mr. Moore presents -to
my mind one of rather a remarkable character.
The foundation of the claim is, lhat the principal
officer of the department for a number of years
was incompetent to perform the duties, and Mr.
Moore was called on as chief clerk to perform the
duties ofCommissioner. There is no reason why
we should pay him in both capacities. It seems
to me that the proper principle for the Government j
to act upon is, to require the whole time of the of- |
ficcrs in the employment of the Government; and j
if he receives full compensation as chief clerk, I 1
do not see why we should also pay him a Com- '
missioner's salary. I know there is one illustrious |
example to the contrary. I refer to the case of !
Mr. Butler, who received compensation as head of1
two departments, making his salary, instead of
live or six thousand, amount to ten or twelve thou-
sand. Congress, perceiving that this was a great
abuse, legislated on the subject, and passed a law,
if my recollection serves me right, in 1636 or 1837,
providing that thereafter this abuse of receiving
compensation for two offices at the same time, shall
not be practised. You have, therefore, on the
statute book a legislative condemnation of the
practice, which, by this bill, you are attempting
to introduce again. If the law is wrong," "why not
repeal it, and go ba6k to the old practice of allow-
ing double salaries, or salaries for two offices at
the same time? I hope the vote will not be re-
considered.
The reading of the report accompanying the bill
was asked for by Mr. Breese, and it was read by
the Secretary.
Mr. BREESE. The report goes fully into the
merits of this case, sir. Itappears that Mr. Moore
has been chief clerk of the Land Office for about
five-and-twenty years,and that an immense amount
of labor has devolved upon him in consequence of
his discharging the duties ofCommissioner. It is
not proposed that he shall have the salaries of the
two offices given him, but that he shall have the
^Siilary of a Commissioner, deducting that which
he would be entitled to receive as chief clerk. If
this bill passes, he will not receive compensation
for the two, (although, as he performed the duties
of both offices, he should receive compensation for
both;) but as the service which he rendered as
Commissioner was not continuous, but was per-
formed at different times, a few days at a time, it
is proposed to compute the amount of service ren-
dered, and pay him accordingly. As chief clerk,
Mr. Moore has been for years exerting all his en-
ergies to protect the interests of the Government,
and has been instrumental in one instance alone,
without mentioning any other, of saving to the
Government several thousand dollars. I refer
to the purchase of parchment for the use of the
departments; he has saved more to the Govern-
ment in that one article than all the compensation
which he has received, and all which it is proposed
to give him. It seems but an act of justice that
he should receive compensation a3 a Commission-
er; and I am sorry to see any opposition offered to
the passage of the bill.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I desire to obtain some
information, on one point, of the honorable Sena-
tor from Illinois, [Mr. Breese.] The Senator has
referred to precedents allowing the salaries of two
different offices to the same person, who had per-
formed the duties of both; and if I heard correctly,
those precedents were stated in the report of the
committee. I have been able to make buta cursory
perusal of the report of the committee; but I am
under the impression that all the pieccdents there
referred to are of aljowances by the derailments
in former years, and not by Congress. There
is a wide difference. I would inqune if there is a
single instance in which Congress has sanctioned
the allowance of double salaries. I have under-
stood they have always refused it, and did so in
President Monroe's case. If there is a case of
such allowance by Congress, I hope it will be
stated. So far from this being the case, I have
understood that the practice of making such allow-
ances as were made so improperly to Mr. Butler
and others, had become such an evil—I was about
to use a harsher term—such an iniquity, that, in
1842, Congress passed an act positively forbidding
such allowance. Congress doubtless acted on the
principle that an officer owed all his time to the
public in the office he regularly held, according to
the usages as to the hours of service, and that it
was incompatible for him to hold, permanently,
and do the duties of another and a different office
at the same time. He should doubtless receive the
salary of the highest office that he did the duties
of; but the law contemplates that each office is to
be filled by a different person, and the respective
duties done by different persons. It is a violation
of law for one to fill both and do the duties of both.
Officers are, and are intended to be, checks on each
other. I think, to make the allowance in this case,
would be to base it upon a violation of law; and
besides, it would repudiate and disregard the prin-
ciples of the act of 1842, which I think Congress
should rigidly adhere to. It was a wise and salu-
tary law, and its principles should not be disre-
garded to meet a special case.
Mr. BREESE. The honorable Senator is alto-
gether mistaken. The act of 1842, to which he
refers, was only meant to prevent, the treasury
officers from making compensation fotvthe duties
of two officers. It was all very right for ^Congress
to forbid the officers of the treasury from, doing it,
but here is a case that rests upon its own mefrits—
of an individual who has spent the best energies of
his youth in the service of the Government, and
has saved to the Government thousands and thou-
sands.of dollars, and who has performedithe duties
of Commissioner of the Land Office faithfully; and
at the same time the duties of chief clerkj-labor-
ing incessantly, and dragging out a miserable ex-
istence upon the mere pittance of chief clerk of
that office. Sir, it seems to me to be a strong case,
and one which appeals powerfully to our favorable
consideration.
Mr. BADGER. I feel bound to interrupt this
discussion to ask the Senate to proceed with the
special order of the day.
Mr. BREESE. I hope the bill will be passed
over informally then, so that it may be taken up at
an early day.
The bill was then passed over informally.
The Vice President signed the enrolled bill to
authorize the issuing of a register to the barque
Canton.
On motion of Mr. R. JOHNSON, the Senate
proceeded to consider as in Committee of the
Whole, the bill exempting vessels employed by the
American Colonization Society in transposing
colored emigrants from the United States to the
coast of Africa from the provisions of the acts of
the 22d February and 2d March, 1847, regula-
ting the carriage of passengers in merchant ves-
sels; which motion was agreed to.
The bill was then reported without amendment,
and was read a third time and passed.
On motion, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns it be to
Monday next.
THE TEN-REGIMENT BILL*
The Senate resumed the consideration, on its
third reading, of the bill to raise, fora limited time,
an additional military force.
Mr. PEARCE. It would have been agreeable
to me if I could have deferred for a few days the
remarks which I propose to make in reference to
the subject now under consideration of the Senate.
Like my colleague, however, I shall be compelled
to be absent for a few days on business, and I have
therefore to throw myself on the indulgence of the
Senate.
With much that my colleague has slud in that
part of his remarks which he addressed to the
Senate on the second day, I cordially agree; but
there are other points in dispute, upon which his
opinions and mine are wholly and widely variant.
I regret this variance, not only becausc we repre-
sent a common constituency, but because I have
long entertained for my colleague such high re-
spect and regard, that it is painful for me to differ
with him here on any subject, and particularly
painful to have a collision of opinion upon a ques-
tion of such fundamental importance.
I had occasion, sir, at the last session of the Sen-
ate, to present to this body my views upon apart
of this subject, and if it had been my colleague's
purpose to controvert the position which I then
assumed, and overthrow the arguments which 1
endeavored to sustain, he could not have address-
ed himself more directly to the purpose than he
has done. Sir, I do not complain of this. But it
is a fact which compels me either to abandon the
ground I have formerly taken, or to reaffirm it and
sustain it as best I may. Besides, sir, the Legis-
lature of my State is now in session, my term of
service here is drawing to a close, and it is right
that I should possess that body fully with the
opinions I entertain upon this important subject,
that they may be the better enabled to determine
in whose hands to place the trust with which i
have hitherto been honored. Sir, I do not shrink
from the issue; and I am consoled by the convic-
tion that in the opinions which I entertain, and
which I am about to express, I but reflect the sense
of those whom I represent.
Like my colleague, I am anxious to maintain
the honor of my country, to vindicate her reputation
from the least blemish, and particularly to rcscue
her from any probable charge of rapacious aggres-
sion, of grasping cupidity, and lust of conquest.
But, in my opinfen, this cannot be done by merely
affirming the justice of a war, in the justice and
constitutionality of which-1 have no faith; much
