172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 18,
less can it be done by sustaining the President in
a course by which, in ipy opinion, we should be ,
practically subverting the Constitution; wresting
from Congress, to whom alone the Constitution
has confided them, the issues of war and peace;
making him the supreme controller of attains;
making: him,in fact, if w6 look at the matter in view
of its consequences, the master of our fate, and
the more dangerously so, because he rules, under
the form of free institutions, in the spirit of a
despot.
Sir, I do not pretend to deny that the United
Stales has just claims against Mexico for indem-
nity due to our citizens; but I do deny that those
chums were the cause of this war, or that they
would be the just cause of any war. I deny that
they wouid have justified Congress in declaring
war against Mexico. Sir, war is a last and direful
alternative of nations, the xtithna ratio regum, and
the last resort of republics also. It should never
be undertaken without an unavoidable necessity.
All Publicists tell us this. The language of Vattei
is, that there must be a clear right coupled with a
sort of necessity, and this is consistent with the
principles of common sense and humanity.
iSow, let. us see what are the causes which have
produced this war. The President has paraded
before us an exaggerated statement of these claims,
as if they were the causes of the war; and yet he
affirms that Mexico brought on the war by her ille-
gal and unjust act by shedding American blood
upon American soil. Sir, these claims againstMex-
ico, for indemnity due to our citizens, have existed
for a series of years, it is true—some for a longer,
and others for a shorter time. But I ask if Mex-
ico has resisted pertinaciously the payment of
these claims? I ask, if the resistance or neglect to
pay, on the part of Mexico, is even comparable to
that which we have experienced at the hands of
stronger nations? and I ask, if it becomes us to
adopt one rule of right—one measure of patience in
regard to a weak nation, and another rule of right,
and a greater measure of patience in regard to a
strong and haughty people? i trust there is no
Senator who will not repel with scorn such an im-
putation. Yet I fear we are about to forget the
rule of equality in regard to this particular trans-
action.
IS'ow, in 1839, Mexico entered into a convention
with us, by which she agreed to form a commis-
sion for the ascertainment of the claims due to our
Citizens. That commission sat, and adjudicated
many of the claims; but being limited in point of
time, they weie not all decided. Some of them,
not receiving the confirmation of the commission-
ers, were referred to an umpire, who had not
time to decide, and some were not acted on at
all. Well, Mexico did not withhold from us or
refuse the payment of those claims which were
admitted by the commissioners. On the contrary,
she manifested a disposition to meet the pay-
ment by levying forced contributions upon her
citizens for that purpose, and concluded another
convention in 1843, providing for the organi-
zation of another commission for the adjudica-
tion of the claims not settled by the first. In
consequence of her embarrassed condition and ex-
hausted treasury, Mexico was unable to make
payment of the adjudicated claims as stipulated;
but she entered into an arrangement with General
Thompson, the Minister of the United States, to
pay the ciaims by instalments, showing that she
acted in good faith, and with no disposition to
withhold the payment. She paid all the arrears
of interest at eight per cent., and three instalments
of principal; nor was it until the negotiation of the
annexation treaty, the expulsion of Santa Anna
from power, and his exile from Mexico, that they
failed to make the payments. Whether annexa-
tion was the cause of such failure, or whether it
arose from their inability to pay, 1 cannot under-
take to say; but I think the latter the more prob-
able cause. One thing is certain, that Mexico
made great efforts; and if she did not make punc-
tual payments, it was rather to be attributed to her
distressed condition than to any want of faith.
Well, who is there who does not recollect that we
ouiaeives have been delinquent in this way in
reference to the claims of Great Biitain against us?
I refer to the debts due the British merchants, re-
cognized by the treaty of 17S3, and not paid, I be-
lieve, for twenty years after that ciate. I remem-
ber too, sir, that our claims against Great Britain
for the negroes carried off at the close of the war
of 1812, were not settled finally till 1836, although j
provided for in the treaty of peace. Who does ]
not recollect the claims for spoliation by Naples i
and Denmark, and the more remarkable case of !
spoliations by France, the most flagrant of all—
committed in the wantonness of power—in very i
scorn of our rights—without the slightest justifica- j
tion,and persisted m, repeated, and boldly defend- !
ed with the most offensive effrontery, and yet
endured by this country through successive ad- !
ministrations from 180(5 until 1-331—when a dis- ;
tinguished gentleman, who was formerly a mem 1
bcr of this body, [Mr. Rives, of Virginia,] nego-
tiated the treaty of indemnity; and then France,
adding further wrong to the heaped up injury ,
which we had sustained so patiently, withheld the
payment of the money for four years longer?
General Jackson did indeed, in 1835, address ■
Congress on the subject, and suggest reprisals as
a proper mode of redress; and he asked three mil-
lions of dollars to be placed at his disposal to en-
able him to act as circumstances might require..
But Congress neither adopted his recommendation
of reprisals, nor voted him the three millions, and
the Senate chose lather to allow the defeat of the,
fortification bill.
Sir, France was not feeble; her treasury was
not exhausted. She was the most elastic Power
in Europe, as was manifested by her immense
payments made to the allies after the restoration of
the Bourbons. Yet, sir, we submitted to all this
from France; and it was only in 1835 that we re-
covered from her the indemnity that was due for
spoliations committed in 1806 and 1813. ^Neither
was the indemnity which we obtained from her a
complete and full one. It was a partial and imper-
fect indemnity. Our robbed merchants got only
a dividend of their claims. And yet we talk of
violated honor; and the President rants about our
claims against Mexico—some of them, by the by,
of a very questionable character—some of them,
in fact, grossly fraudulent, as 1 have been in-
formed by a distinguished gentleman from Soutn
Carolina, and such as never could be, properly
demanded by our Government under the treaty
with Mexico. I speak of those contracts for land
upon which enormous demands for indemnity were
founded, which demands this Government was
asked to enforce. Sir, take it altogether, and I do
say that there never was urecd in a legislative body
so unreasonable a proposition as that it is just and
necessary to wage a war for the mere procrastina-
tion of payment of claims like these agamsta weak
and impoverished Government. And yet this is
urged as though it was a sufficient cause for war;
when everybody knows, who reilects at all upon
the matter, that such has never been heretofore
regarded as a justifiable cause of war.- No, sir; I |
will tell you what was the cause of this war: it j
was the unauthorized act of the President in taking ;
possession of territory to which this country had ■
no title, to which Congress had not authorized ■
him to make claim, and against making a claim
for which they had warned him by the very terms
of the resolution of annexation. j
Sir, my colleague has gone fully into this ques- ,
tion, and I have no doubt that he thought he had ,
demonstrated the correctness of his position; but s
he took good care not to mention the Mexican -
claim? as being the cause of the war. He did not
consider that they were the cause of the war, )
however much the President paraded them in his >
messages. ' j
Mr. JOHNSON. I never thought they were. ;
Mr. PEARCE. But he put it upon the ground
that this Government was bound to vindicate its
title to the territory up to the Rio Grande, and he
cites a variety of facts which, as he thinks, belong
to the consideration of this question, and which, ■
in his opinion, are conclusive. Well, now I think,
that the facts which he has cited—some of them at ,
least—do not belong to the consideration of the -
question, and that neither one nor all of them are ,
conclusive. 1 think I can demonstrate this, and
that I can show, on the other side, facts which are  
strong as chains of adamant,. I pass over that part •
of his speech in which my colleague speaks of the '
revolution of Texas. Nobody doubts the gallantry ■
of those citizens of Texas who achieved their in- '
dependence. Sir, as far as their gallantry is con- ,
cerned, their spirit of heroic adventure, their bold i
and daring exposure of life, I believe there is
nothing to surpass it. Nobody questions their
right to revolt from Mexico to establish an inde- i-
pendent government, and to claim all the territory
over which they could extend and enforce their
jurisdiction. But my colleague saysi
" The boundaries of Coahuila and Texa*, a*s these depart-
ments weie laid off into one State by the constitution of 3824,
w«is the Nueces, running for upwaids of one hundred miles
up that stream, and theii'bv a line acro>s from that point to
the Rio Grande. The territory below that line, between the
Nueces and the Rio Grande, was a part of the Slate of Tain-
an h pas. Tamauhpas granted it to various individual* by
what were called colony-grants, under which xnanj settle-
ments were made."
I make no objection to this statement, sir; I
only desire to add something to it, to make it a
little more specific. In 1834, the departments of
Coahuila and Texas were united, without change
of their former boundaries, provisionally, as one
State—it being understood, that when Texas had
strength and population enough, she should be
made a separate State.
The united State of Coahuila and Texas ran across
the Rio Grande, but the boundary of Texas proper
never did; her limits stopped at the Nueces. My
colleague went on to refer to the tieaty to which.
Santa Anna was a party, at the time he was pris-
oner in Texas; and he relied upon the authority
of that miscalled treaty as conclusive.
Sir, my colleague is a distinguished lawyer; he
stands at the head of his profession in Maryland,
and that is praise enough for any man. He is the
successor, sir, of Martin, Pinkney, and Wirt, and
wears then* mantle gracefully. But I must ex-
> press my utter astonishment at hearing from him*
; that this miscalled treaty between Santa Anna and
; the Texas authorities is conclusive on the ques-
' tion of boundary. Why, sir, it was no treaty at
, all. Santa Anna was a prisoner; and if he had
not been, we all'know that the constitution of
i Mexico contains a provision, that when the Presi-
! dent of the Republic is at the head of the army,
his civil functions cease. He was in captivity;
; and if he had not been, he would hove had no au-
1 thority to conclude a treaty under the constitution
of his country, which is like our own in that re-
| spect. A treaty, when signed, requires ratification
1 by the Senate; dnd a treaty made by Santa Anna
; was of no more value than blank paper. It might
: have had a moral obligation as far as he himself
was concerned; but it had not even a legal obliga-
tion upon himself, having been extorted by duress.
Air. FOOTE. Will the Senator allow me to
inquire whether he refers to the constitution of
1824 >
Mr. PEARCE. Will the Senator have the kind-
ness to inform me whether there was any other
constitution r
Mr. FOOTE, The Senator can answer my in-
quiry, or not, as Tie pleases.
Mr. PEARCE. I am not furnished with any
information as to any new constitution. I believe
there was none. . The constitution of 1824 was said
to be overthrown, because iis federal character was
abolished and the central form substituted. It was
not abolished in the whole, but only changed in
part, and therefore this provision remained in full
force. If it weie not so, and the whole constitu-
tion were destroyed, then Santa Anna had no con-
stitutional power at all, and could in no manner
bind his country."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland. Where do you
read from ?
Mr. PEARCE. I read from a work entitled
"Texas and the Texans," which I understand to
be the production of the Senator from Mississippi,
and one winch I have read with great pleasure:
"Thatthe President Santa Anna,in his ofheial character
as rhtef of the Mexican nation, and the Generals Don Viu-
cente Filisola, Don Jose Urea, Don Joaquin Ramues y
Sesina, and Don Antonio Gaona, as chiefs of armies, do
solemnly acknowledge, sanction, and rauiy,the full, entire,
and perfect independence of the Republic of TiJw't-, with
such boundaries as are hereafter set forth and agreed upon
lor the "-ame. And they dosolemnly and respectively pledge
themselves, with all their petunia! and olHeial attributes, to
procure, without delay, the final and complete ratification
and ( onfirmahonof thi« agreement, and all the part> thereof,
by the proper and legitimate Government of Mexico, by the
incorporation oftbe&ame mioasolemn and perpetual treaty
of amitv and commerce, to be negotiated with that Go\ern-
ment, at the city of Mexico, bv minsters plenipotentiary to
be deputed by the Government of Texas lor this high pur-
pose."
Why, I say, upon the very face of the instru-
ment itself, it was not a treaty. It was nothing else
tlian the personal obligation of Santa Anna to
procure the adoption of such a treaty by the legiti-
mate authority. Now, allow me to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the opinion of General La-
mar. I understand thai Saata Anna was a pris-
