1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17S
oner in the hands of the Texans, and they were
deliberating whether they should shoot him a-Ia-
Mexique, try him for offences against the laws of
civilized war, or send him back to Mexico. Now,
what s$ys General Lamar in the paper addressed
by him to President Burnet?
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the date of that let-
ter?
Mr. PEARCE. It is a letter from General La-
n\ar, the Secretary of War of Texas, to the Presi-
dent and Cabinet of Texas, and dated 18th May,
1846:
* * * "What good can they hope to result from an
extorted treaty? General Santa Anna is our prisoner of
war, ami, as such, may be ready to enter into any agreement
which our ricfats may require or oar selfishness exact; but
when restored to liberty and power, will he feel any obliga-
tion to comply with terms which he had no airency in dic-
tating? What he assents to whilst a prisoner he may reject
wken a freeman. Indeed, the idea of treating with a man
in our powe%who views freedom in acquiescence and dear])
in opposition,seems to me more worthy of ridicule than refu-
tation. * * * With me such plodgesare hghterthan the
* moonshine's w.ueiy beam.' I tiun them as T would 'a
4icer's oaths.' But. independent of this consideration, it
may be very well doubted whether Santa Anna, with every
disposition to fulfil any agreement which he may now enter
into, will, on hi^ return to Me.vico, have the power to do it.
It was public opinion winch dr.ove him into war with Texa?,
and the same public sentiment, on his arrival at home, may
keep him in the attitude of avowed if not of actual hostility to'
thiscountry. * * * The advantage proposed to be g iincd
from Jus supposed or piobable mtcgiity cannot, of conse-
quence, be realized, even with every willingness on his part
to redeem his pledges. I doubt not in the least that as soon
a? the ncwd of his defeat and impiisonment shall be sounded
within the wails of Mexico, that instant will be lost all his
authority in the land, as he has long since lost the affec-
tions of his people. He will be poweiless either for good or
ill. I am, therefore, decidedly opposed to all negotiation or
arrangements with him ; fir«t, hpeaii«e lie is a prisoner, and
not free to act; secondly, because he is faithless and un-
worthy of confidence; and ihirdly, because of the great cer-
tainty of his inability to fulfil his promises, even with the
desne to do it."
Well, but my colleague says that Texas fulfilled
the contract on her part, General Fihsola accepted
it, and marched his men back to the Rio Grande,
<fcc. So he did; but that did not constitute it a
treaty, General Fiiisola not being the ratifying
power.
It might have been an appeal to Santa Anna's
honor*, it undoubtedly was so*, but as a treaty, it
had no obligations; it was a treaty made by a cap-
tive, and ratified by a runaway, and I take it, sir,
that no validity will be ascribed to it by any lair
man who understands the facts.
My colleague next relies, sir, on the action of
the Texan Congress regarding the boundary of the
State, and says, that they passed a law describing
the Rio Grande as the boundary. I should like to
know how the mere act of the Congress or Legisla-
ture of any country, can authorize the fixing their
boundaries where (hey please to put them on pa-
per; how the declaration of any Congress or Gov-
ernment can make a right or authorize a claim in
such a case It can do nothing more than assert,
a claim; and I venture to go a little further, and
say that, I presume that in the case of Texas, it
■was not done bona fide. They did not deem that
they were to take in Santa Fe, or any of the val-
ley of the Rio GraYide. They claimed a great deal
of territory in order to secure a part.
Sir, I do not make this statement from any per-
sonal knowledge that I have; but I will refer to the
authority of an honorable Senator here, and I beg
leave to read from a speech made by the honorable
Mr. Ashley, at the second session of the 23th
Congress: $
" And here I will add, that the present boundaries of Tex-
as—I learn from Judge Ellis, the President of the convention
that fonned the constitution of Texas, and also a member of
the first Legislature under that constitution—were fixed, as
they now aie. solely and professedly with a view of having a
large margin in the negotiation with Mexico, and not with
the expectation of retaining them as they now exist in their
statute book."
Sir, this authority is worth all my colleague's
array of proofs. But my colleague says, that after
the retreat of Fiiisola across the river, General
Rusk, who was still at the head of the army of
Texas, and stationed at the Gaudaloupe, ordered
the families between that part and the Rio Grande
to retire to his rear, or to remove to the western
bank of the river. The most of them did retire to
his rear, but many of the Mexicans preferred to
cross the river and settle on the opposite side.
Now, sir, how was this taking possession of the
country? You may make a solitude, and call it
peace; or you may empty a country of its popula-
tion, and call it occupancy or possession; but you
acquire no right by the* misapplication of terms.
The portion of the people friendly to Texas with-
drew to the rear of General Rusk—that is, beyond
the Guadaloupe, which is further east", even, than
the Nueces. Certainly they were not taking pos-
session of the country which they thus abandoned.
Certainly they were not occupying the valley of
the Rio Grande, when they fled from it to the east
of the Guadaloupe to avoid the horrors of a border
war. So the Mexican population withdrew to the
western bank of the river, and the country was
deserted. -
But my colleague rests his argument upon the
groiindflhat ifTexas had notactual possession, she
had it potentially, as Doctor Johnson would have
said—that is, thai she had the power to occupy it.
Well, sir, I deny that the power to take possession
would give a constructive possession. It is not a
legal position that can be maintained. As between
individuals,actual possession of every acre of a tract
of land is not necessary to a right. If we have the
title to the whole, and the actual possession of a
part, the residue .not being possessed by another,
the actual possession of a part will operate the
constructive possession of the whole. It is so
with nations. But Texas had no right by pos-
session, as I shall demonstrate to be the case; and
the mere power to possess, if she had been able ta>
take and maintain possession, which I do not ad-
mit, would not give a constructive possession. A
right to the whole, coupled with a possession of a
part, would answer. But Texas was a revolu-
tionary government, and could not divest the title
ofTamaulipas an£ other Mexican States to the
lands lying within their respective and undoubted
limits, except by taking and holding possession.
This she never did, either by her settlers or her
soldiers, for the oqjjpsional passage of troops across
the country was not possession; and, in fact, the
Mexicans crossed it thus, as well as theTexans.
Predatory excursions and border forays were never
held to make a possession.
But my colleague says that General Rusk, for
the purpose of facilitating the removal of those
occupying the country and of watching the move-
ments of the Mexican army, and preparatory to
an advance upon Matamoros, despatched General
Felix Huston with a sufficient force to take pos-
session of Corpus Christi; and that was done.
This was true, sir; and this is a good point—I mean
as to the right of Texas up to that limit, which,
indeed, I freely admit to have been the frontier of
Texas. Beyond this they did not go; beyond this
they had no possession, in the legitimate sense of
the word; and therefore I deny that the establish-
ment of the port at Corpus Christi established the
claim of Texas up to the Rio Grande.
Texas had no establishments there; she had
erected no forts; she had no civil officers in that
country—no, I believe, not so much as a justice of
the peace or a constable. But it is said, as proof
of possession of this country, that at an election
held at Corpus Christi in 1842, certain settlers
came from the disputed territory and voted. And
it is asserted that Texas thereby and then estab-
lished her authority—not where they voted, but
where they did not vote. Well, I assert exactly
the reverse, and I ask whether, if her authority
had been established on the Rio Grande, she would
have required her citizens to travel one hundred
and fifty miles to give their votes? Why, ifTexas
had established any authority or jurisdiction on
the Rio Grande, she would at least have had the
election so held as to accommodate these poor fel-
lows who were so desirous of exercising their elec-
tive franchise. Now, I care not whether these
people went to Corpus Christi to vote or not; no-
body knows wht) they were or whence they came,
how they were induced to come, whether they
were the poor fishermen of Padre Island, or strag-
gling herdsmen who attended their flocks like the
Nomades of the eastern world. The whole thing
wants precision to make it valuable as a fact; and
if Texas had not even an election precinct on the
Rio Grande country, that of itself is sufficient proof
that she had no establishment there which could
constitute possession.
The other fact which my colleague cites as an
authority to prove the right of Texas is what he
stated, on the authority of the Senator from Tex-
as, that certain purchasers of the colony-grants of
Tamaulipas had then deeds recorded in Texas.
We do not know where they were executed and
acknowledged. This, too, wants precision?* de-
tail, and finish, to, give it certainty and .make it
available. But suppose that be so, and what does
it amount to more than this, that some shrewd,
hedging fellows, knowing that the country was
claimed by Texas, and supposing that it might
one day be acquired by it, thought it prudent to
have these deeds recorded in Texasj, as well prob-
ably as at Matamoros, as future- evidence of, their
title. The fact, indeed, is stated a little too broad-
ly, for it is said this was done as far back as 1834^
when, in fact, the revolution in Texas only took
place in 1835. At all events, assuming the fact in
its fullest extent, it only proves that Texas had no
clerks nor record officers in this region of one hun-
dred and fifty miles breadth.
My colleague says that no Mexican authorities
were to be found there, and that Mexico had lost
the right she once had. Now I propose to refer
to a few authorities to show you the other side of
the question; and I think that these authorities
cannot be overthrown. I shall invoke first the au-
thority of the Senator from Missouri, whose elab-
orate research, and whose accurate and minute
information have been the boast of his friends and
the admiration of his opponents. Now, let me
read from a speech made by that Senator after the
formation of the annexation treaty. It will be
recollected that1 he introduced a bill for the annex-
ation of Texas, and in that bill he submitted sev-
eral propositions as the bases of his proposed
arrangement. Here is what he says on the subject
of boundary:
"The bill which I ask leave to bring in, besides autho-
rizing and requesting (he Pi esident to treat with Mexico and
'JYxas for an adjustment of boundaries, and for the annexa-
tion of the latter to the North American Union, p opo*gs
some bases for the treaties expected to be made. Boundary
is one of these; and in this the ba^id conforms to the geo-
gi a pineal divisions of the countiy—to our natural and proper
limits—-to the line first indicated m President Jackson's
proposition, as communicated by Mr. Van Buren to Mr.
Poinsett in 1829; and u conforms to the boundary desig-
nated ia Mr. Randolph's repoit m 1803, and to the resolution
of the House of Repiesentatives, adopted in pursuance to
thatlepoit, and alieadyread to the Senate. Leaving the
Rio Giande and all its valley and waters to the Mexicans,
and the Mississippi valley and all its waters to the United
States, it proposes to follow the mountain heights from near
the South Pass, in the Rocky Mountains, called Fremont's
Pass, in the map of the Topographical Bureau, alonir the Sier-
ra Ob«cura, (Dark Mountain,) until it subsides into a plain
"as it approaches the Gulf of.Mexico; and then leaching the
Gulf by a line in the desert praine to the we«t of the Rio
Nueces, (Walnut river.) This is the boundary between the
United States and Mexico pointed out by the finger of
Nature, agreed upon by eminent statesmen, as proper for
Mexico as for ourselves, and written down in the book of
fate, and the law of nature, as the true and permanentbound-
ary between the two first Powers of the New World.
Soon or late, that boundary will be e*.Ub)i-hrd.
"The Rio Grande del Norte (Great River of tile North) is
a Mexican river by position and possesion, and to the Mex-
icans may it foiever belong. The Mississippi, and all its
waters, are our*, and to ns the di-mvmibered paits mii«t re- *
tin n. The country ea^t of the Nueces, (and including it.)
from position, geographical affinities, soil, products, and
natural dependence, is appuitenant to the vallry ot'the Mis-
sissippi, and must and will go where congruity and homo-
geneity attiaet it. No wise "man, in nn age of commeice,
wants a great river (beyond its natural frontier) for a national
boundary; it a boundary fruitful of expense, and of every
species of collision and collusion. A mountain and adesert
plain is far better; and these we have between us and Mex-
ico ; and it would he ju>t as unwise for us to project a seg-
ment, or a salient angle, of oin frontier across this plain and
mountain into the natural limits of Mexico, as it would be
in her to make the same projection of a segment, or angle of
herself, across the same plain and mountain, into our natu-
ral dominion."
Sir, it is not in the Senate only that this doctrine
has been announced. I find a distinguished mem-
ber in the other House, in a report made by him
in regard to the Texas question, made an important
confession.
On the 3d of January, 1845, Mr. C. J. Inger-
soll, in his report, said:
"The stupendous deserts between the Nueces and the
Bravo riveis are the natural boundaries between the Anglo-
Saxon and Mauritania!! races. There ends the Valley of
the West—there Mexico begins."
This is the opinion of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs of the other House.
Now let me tarn to another authority. I propose
to read from a letter from Mr. Donaldson, our
Charge d'Affaires at Texas, to Mr. Buchanan,
Secretary of State:
41 It 13 the policy of those who are on the side of Mexico
in the present crisis to throw upon the United States the re-
sponsibility of a war for the country between the miec
and the Rio Grande. That territory, you are aware, has; been
m the possession of both parties. I cxoa has hold in V#™*
Corpus Cbristi. Mexico hai held Santiago. Both piities
have had occasional j>es'session of Loredo, and othe* higher
Mexico; bowever, has threatened a renewal of the war
points
