174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 13,
for the whole of Texas, if she accepts the proposals tor an- j
nnxntiou to the Union. If she undertakes such tin expedi- !
tio'ij «hc of course puts upon the hazard of war the whole ;
claim, and g«ve* us the right oi goins not only to the Rio ;
Grande, but wherever else \vu may please." ;
At page 78 of the same document, in a letter of {
Mr. Donaldson, to the Secretary of State of Texas, j
I find this:
«My po-ition i«, that we can hold Corpus Chrlsti, and all !
other pmit« up the N'ueees. If attacked, the right of de- -
fence «'ill authorize us to expel the Mexicans to the Rio
Giande.
It is hotter for us to await the attack than run the risk of
embarrassing the question of annexation with the conse- !
quences of immediate possession of the teiritory to the Rio
Grande. You will find that X have guarded ever} point." 1
He had no idea of the advance of the army to '
the Rio Grande, or of an attack upon Mexico. He ;
appears to have acted with such caution and pru- ,
dence as became his position. " The right of de-
fence would authorize us to expel the Mexicans to
the Rio Grande." Sir, how expel the Mexicans ,
to the Rio Grande, if Texas had possession up to
that river? Here you have the authority of your
own negotiator for the fact, that Mexico held this
territory and not Texas. But you have the same
authority in a dozen places. Again :
" The occupation of the country between the Nueces and
tie Rio Grand?, you are aware, is a deputed question.
Tex,is hold? Corpus Christi—Mexico holds the Brazos de
Santiago, near tne mouth of the Rio Grand*. The tlire.it
ened invasion, however, of Texas, is founded upon the as-
sumption tftftt the has no territory independent of Mexico.
" You ran safely hold possession of Corpus Christi and all
other points up the Nueces; and if Mexico attempt to dis-
lodge you, drive her beyond the Rio Grande."
Mr. JOHNSON. Disputed question.
Mr. PEARCE. " Disputed question." So it
w;as,sir. And while it was a disputed question,
he shows what part was in possession of Texas
and what part in possession of Mexico:
^Ymi will have observed, that in my corre-pondence with
tins Government, there has been no discussion of the ques-
tion of hmils between Mexico and Texas. The joint ie^o-
lutiou of our Congress left the question an open one,
and the preliminary proposiiion made by this Government,
under the nu-pieesof the British and Fieneh Governments,
as the bash ot a definite treaty with Mcmco, left the ques-
tion in the same state. And although tins Government has
smce indicated a point on the Rio Giande foi the occupation
of out troops, T (ha not consider this circumstance as var\ mg
the question, since the President, but a few*\veoks b.-fnie,
issued n proc) imation su<p°nding hostilities between Texas
and Ma.\ieo, tne piaetical effect of vvincn was to leave me
question prt'-i-eiy a- it stood when our joint resolution
passed—>*exico in possession or'one portion of the tern-
ton,, and T'-.\,i.-o* another. - The pmc.'aination of
a truce between thu two rtalion?, founded on piop >-*itions
mutually ac^pptabf to them, leaving the question ot bound-
ary not only an open one, but Mexico m possession of the
east bank of t'.e KioGrande,seem-;d to me mconsi-tentwith
tile e\pectition that, m defence of the claim oi Texas, our
troops should march immediately to that river. What the
Executive of Texas had determined not to fight for, but to
settlH by negotiation, to say the least of it. couid a  well be
^left to the United States on the same conditions. * * *
" I at once decided that we should take no such position,
but should regard only as within the limns of our protection
that portion of teiritory actually possessed by Texas, and
which she did not consider subject lo negotiation."
If it had been in the occupation of Texas, would
she have been obliged to fight for it? Sir, the in-
consistency is too palpable to make it necessary
any longer to dwell upon it. Again, he says at
page 90:
"There were many circumstances mnkingitin-wpedient,
in my judgment, attei the issue of the proclamation referred
to, for Texas to attempt a forcible po.-se-sion of the IUo
Grande, reiymg on the aid of the (Jailed States to maintain
it."
Why attempt to obtain possession, if shealready
had it; and if she had not, what becomes of the
argument? Sir, the argument is scattered to the
winds by the testimony of our own agents, which
we cannot controvett, and which we cannot doubt.
I might as well give the Senate, peihaps, some
additional authorities. I find these facts recog-
nized by the Secretary of "War, as well as by Sen-
ators and our diplomatic agents. I find in a letter
of the Secretary of War to General Taylor, of July
30, 1845-
The Rio Grande is claimed to be the boundary between
the two countries, and up to th is boundary \ ou are to extend
your protection, only excepting any po-ts oh the eastern side
thereof \\ hieh arc jn the actual occupancy of Mexican force/,
or Mexican -ettiumenfs over winch the Republic of Texas
did nor exercise jus isdicnon at the period of annexation, or
shortlv b.'for'; that event
Aad another letter of our Secretary, to the same
officer, was as follows :
VT.*r Department. July 8, 1845.
Thi~- d"p irtment is infctincd that Mexico has some
military establishment- on th« ea>-t side of the Rio Grande,
which are, and for aoine time have been, in the actual oceu-
Pfaey of hei troops. In carry iig out the instructions here-
tofore received, you will be careful to avoid any acts of (
a^re^sion, unless an a< tual state ot war should exist. The ;
Mexican forces at the posts m their possession, and which ;
have been so, will not be disturbed as long as the relations
of peace between the United States and Mexico continue.
VVM. L. MARCY.
Brigadier General Z. Taylor.
Well, now, sir, you will recollect that in his
> march he was met at San Colorado by officers who
: remonstrated against his passage; and at San Isabel '
; he found that the custom-houses had been set on
; fire. How did this happen, if Texas had posses- '
! sion of this country? How did it happen that he
' found none but Mexicans there, burning their
j houses and flying from his tioops? ThaflETexans
; were our friends. They would not have fled from
i friendly forces, and burned their iiouses, as if our
j troops*weie barbarians, coming to waste with fire
and sword. No, they were Mexicans. Well, our
i army encamped—where? In the Mexican corn
' and cotton fields bordering the river; they placed
; their batteries on the bank of the river command-
ing the city of Matamoros, so as to spot any house .
in the town. So wrote our officers from the very
place. Sir, the Senator from Missouri well said, !
; that such an act as this was an act of unparalleled i
outrage—a seizure of a slice of the Mexican Re- j
public. 1 will mention another fact in connection
, with this subject, which is worth remembrance.
! It is this: that Texas framed a new constitution
when she came into this Union, and took especial
. care not to specify her boundaries. I looked over it
\ to-day, and found that she has left that matter
• entirely open, I presume because the act of annex-
| ation by which she came into the Union made pro-
vision for the establishment of the boundary by
the Government of the Union. [The first of these
annexation resolutions provides, that Congress:
h doth consent that the territormproperly included
within, and rightfully belonging to, the Republic
. of Texas, may bo erected into a new State, to be
. called the State of Texas, with a republican form
" of government, to be adopted by the people of said
] Republic, by deputies in convention assembled,
. with the consent of the existing Government, in
order that the same may be admitted as one of the
States of this Union.
That the foregoing consent of Congress is given
. upon the condition that the said State be formed,
, subject to the adjustment, by this Government, of
all questions of boundary that may arise with other
Govei nments.]
Now, why were these words introduced into
that resolution ? Did not the speech of the Senator
from Arkansas, from which I hate read, furnish a
• key to this mystery, which seems to have op-
■; pressed the minds of some gentlemen ? ThatTex-
S as was not admitted with the limits which she
'\ had prescribed for herself, but with such as might
si be rightfully and properly assigned to her, to be
j: subject to settlement by negotiation with thisGov-
ernment, is as clear as any proposition can be.
Mr. CALHOUN. Will the Senntor yield the
' floor that I may make a shcrt explanation in refer-
;! ence to that treaty? It is a treaty which I nego-
: tiated in leference to the admission of Texas, and
. which was rejected by the Senate.
In making that treaty, and emerinsr into it, I by
; no means assumed that the Rio del JN'orte was the
western boundary of Texas. On the contrary, I
assumed that the boundary was an unsettled one
, between Mexico and Texas. i\o provisions were
made in reference to it, because Texas, by the pro-
; visions of that treaty, was to come into the Union
; as a Territory; and as such, the right of the Gov-
i! emment of the United States to settle the boundary
was unquestionable: there was an express provis-
ion to that effect. It was different in reference to
the lesolutions under which Texas was actually
. admitted into the Union. They proposed to admit
her as a State, not as a Territory; and, coming in
that character, it would have been necessary to
have had the consent of Texas to establish a
boundary between her and Mexico. Those reso-
. lutions, to avoid the difficulties which might result,
v very properly contained a provision which provi-
ded that the matter m dispute should be settled by
the Government of the United States.
I am far from thinking that the treaty which I
'' negotiated established the Del Norte as the bound-
!. ary. Immediately after the negotiation, I despatch-
' ed a messenger to our charge in Mexico, and,
among other things, intimated to him that the Gov-
, ernment of the United States was prepared to set-
J tie the boundary on the most liberal terms. What
! boundary was contemplated at the time, it is un-
: necessary to state, and would be improper, per-
| haps, on the present occasion.
; Mr. SEVIER. If the Senator from Maryland
| will indulge me a moment, I would here remark,
! that when the treaty was before us, the Senator
from Missouri, some time in April, introduced a
resolution calling on President Tyler to furnish us
| with the boundary line of Texas. That call, if I
i remember right, was referred to the State Depart-
ment, and., we had, in response, a map, now on
; file, defining the boundary, with broad blue lines,
; from the mouth of the Rio Grande to its sources.
To strengthen our position as friends of the mea-
, sure of annexation, we were furnished also with
! a memoir, giving us {he quantity of land then
i claimed, the billions of acres, and thousands of
squaie miles, computing the whole of it, from the
mouth to the source of that river. That was the
; boundary for which we contended at that time.
! There was a difficulty about this boundary. Will
j the Senator pardon me a few moments longer?
j Those of us who supported the treaty never had the
| slightest difficulty, in our own minds, as to the title
■! to that portion of the country below New Mexico,
!; or the Santa Fe country; about that portion we did
s have some difficulty, as we thought it a fair sub-
i1 ject for negotiation, and we went upon the ground
that it was held by revolution—that the arms of
: Texas had conquered it.
jl I would observe, that a former Senator from
t; South Carolina [Mr. McDuffie] andMr. Walker,
; of the Treasury Department, who were advocates
;j with him of the treaty, never heard from him, or
Tyler, or any one else in favor of the treaty, that
,j the Nueces, or any other than the Rio Grande be-
l< low the Nueces, was the proper boundary ofTexas.
i The map coming from his own department, to
!' which I formerly refened, and the constitution of
j Texas, both represented the Rio Grande as the
j boundary. If there had been a different view en-
S1 tertained about the boundary at that time, I sup-
!: pose I should have heard something of it. I may
; take occasion, at some future .period, to dwell at
i' length upon this subject.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 have heard the Senator from
!' South Carolina with a great deal of pleasure. I
1 had not forgotten that map of Texas, and I think
, I know all about it. If I recollectdistinctly, in the
memoir which accompanied it, ihe intelligent ofii-
cer who made the map, Lieutenant Emory, staled
that he felt himself bound to designate the bound-
aries of Texas as prescribed in her ordinance, not
meaning to assign them as the true boundaries. It
exhibited the boundaries as claimed by Texas,and
I was n*ot unaware of the position of the Senator
|i from South Carolina on this point, nor did I mean
|j to say that the objection taken by the Senator from
Missouri properly applied to this treaty. Proba-
bly, if I had not been interrupted, I should have
made the explanation wfiich the Senator himself
has just offered.
But the argument of the Senator from Missouri
was conclusive to me of the want of title to the
j| whole of the country, from the source of the Rio
!' Grande in the region of eternal snows, to its mouth,
I! in the clnneof perpetual flowers. If the Senator
M from Arkansas will pardon me the remark, I have
' often heard him say,'that this Sanfa Fe country
was the weak point of this case. I am afraid lie
did not characterize it exactly rightafierali, I have
heard Of such a point as it is else\Vhere. It is
|l called Point no Point. It has not the semblance
jj of argument; there is not the fragment of a fact to
i; sustain it. He, himself, admits that Texas never
had a soldier at Santa Fe, except as a prisoner,
'i All the Texans that were ever there were either
. taken prisoners by the Mexicans or killed. The
; Mexicans had undoubted sway there, they had
dominions there for centuries, and the Senator
. from Missouri knew that well; and he stated that
'i they had possession of it for a hundred years be-
j fore La Salic ever saw the coast ofTexas. Well,
i sir, we must all admit, that the only armed force
;j in the disputed territory on the lower as well as
j the upper Del Norte was a Mexican force. I al-
!j lude to the armed company at Loredo, commis-
: sioned by the Mexican Government. Very pos-
j sibly the object was to protect the people from
:j Indian incursions, as I think I have heard stated
, by the Senator from Texas himself.
'' Mr. HUSK. Loredois in the bounds ofTexas,
If as defined in the constitution of 1824.
Ii Mr. PEAHCE. I know itis not in Tamaulipas.
