176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 13.
and the wise men who were in this Chamber then, j
and who ratified the treaty of peace, were reproach- 1
ed for sacrificing- the honor of the country m not ;
obtaining pecuniary indemnity. Sir, 1 despise, I ;
scorn this demand of pecuniary indemnity for vio- j
lated faith, whether made by an individual or a j
nation. I never heard of such a thing amongst :
gentlemen. I have had the curiosity to examine ;
Jonah Barrington's account of the celebrated Kil- j
kenny Ciub, renowned for being composed of the
most chivalrous gentlemen that ever pulled trigger.
By their rules, the reparation of personal insults j
and wrongs is reduced to a regular system. Every ,
offence was strictly defined, and the appropriate ;
degree of punishment prescribed. If the offence j
were slight, the party aggrieved might be satisfied j
with a# exchange of shots. If a little more aggra- 1
vated, it was requisite that one party should be !
blooded. When the offence was of a very grave !
nature, somebody was to be well blooded; and j
there was scarcely any offence which required, !
according to these rules of chivalrous honoi, that j
the combat should be mortal. Certainly, in no in- !
stance is it recorded in the annals of the Kilkenny |
Ciub that pecuniary compensation was to be de- ■
manded by the party offended. Sir, Barrington i
records no instance in which the offender was called j
upon to pay for the powder and ball consumed, the I
pistols used, and transportation to the field of honor I
—that is to say, the hack-hire! Now, I am un- |
■willing to place a nation in a lower scale than a
private individual; neither have 1 one rule for
Mexico and another for England.
What is the condition of Mexico ? Before I re-
ply to that inquiry, let me say, that lam perfectly
disposed to demand of Mexico compensation in
damages, not for the violation of national honor,
but for the injuries done to our citizens in their
commerce. We are their guardians—guardians
of their pecuniary rights, which we are bound to
maintain as against Mexico and all the world, and
to see repaired by pecuniary indemnification. 1
hold it to be perfectly right to demand indemnity
of Mexico on that ground. If she cannot give
indemnity in money, let us take it in land. But
do not let us make that a pretext for robbing Mex-
ico. She is prostrate and bleeding at your feet.
Your armies have triumphed m every combat,
from that of Palo Alto to the last battle at Chapul-
tepec. She has been completely vanquished—her
towns stormed and bombarded—her seaports in
your possession or beleagured by your fleets—her
Government fugitive, and your armies, m the fash-
ionable phrase of the day, "revelling in the Halls
of theMontezumas." What more do you want?
Is not this enough ? Did you ever hear of the bully
who, when he had knocked his man down, thought
it his vulgar duty to pull out his eyes?
Do you recollect, sir, the epistle of Tom Crib to
Big Ben?
" What! Ben, n y old liero, is this your renown—
Is this the nf\v go—kick a man when he's down?
When the toe has knocked under to tread on him then?
By the fiat of my father! I blush for tliee, Ben."
Did you ever hear of a duellist who, when he had j
shot his man, insisted on bowie-knifing him on ;
the spot? Mexico cannot bring an army into the j
field. Her revenues are exhausted. She is help- >
less and hopeless, except in your mercy. Yet you j
propose to carry the war farther—"into the vitals !
of the country." Not satisfied with the blood al- j
ready shed, do you thirst for more? Do you de- |
sire more towns to bombard, fresh armies to de- i
feat? When thete are none of these to be found, j
will you rejoice in the slaughter of the miserable !
gucmlleros?
Mr. President, let us take care that the disgrace- j
ful guerrilla warfare of Spain be not renewed upon ;
this continent! Is there to be no end to this state ;
of things? 1 do not believe that the violated honor !
of the country requires such vindication. That !
honor is in much greater danger of being tarnished '
by our own conduct in the further prosecution of j
this war. j
But, it is said, Mexico must sue for pcace! ;
Will you persist in this, when she is too proud to
sue for peace ? You must know that she is anxious j
for peace. I know that a treaty of peace can be j
obtained from Mcxico. I make that assertion afler '
a perusal of the correspondence between the Mex- <
ican commissioners and Mr. Trist. She offers ,
ample indemnity for everything but the expenses :
of*the war. She proposes to cede California, from !
its junction with Oregon to the thirty-seventh de* 1
gree of latitude. This comprises nearly two hun-
dred thousand square miles of territory, as I have
been told—thrice the territorial extent of Virginia,
and larger than all the New England States, New
York, and Pennsylvania together; and it includes
the harbor of San Francisco—the coveted object of
our desire—and which, sir, alone is worth more
than the claims of our citizens against Mexico.
Well, Mexico gives very sufficient leasons why
she should not cede more. She says that Lower
California commands her province of Sonora, and
that she cannot be asked to give up what would
make her vulnerable m her weakest point. She
cannot give up all Upper California, because a por-
tion of it is necessary to maintain the land com-
munication between Lower California and the other
portions of her dominions. She cannot give up
New Mexico, because the people there are loyal;
they are devoted to Mexico. They abhor union
with tins country. She cannot, therefore, give up
New Mexico, it is cruel to insist that she should
give it up. I do not want it; and with my vote
New Mcxico will never be added to this Union—
never, sir, never 1 Besides, it is inconsistent with
theessential principle of our Government—the con
sent of the governed.
What were the objects of the formation of this
Union ? Let me read you, sir, from the Constitu-
tion :
" We, the people of the United States, in ordrr to form a
more pullet union, establish justice, ensure domestic tran-
quillity, provide for the common dff^oce, promote the gen-
eral vveaaie, and secure the blessing? ot liberty to ourselves
and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution
for the Liiited States or America."
"To establish union"—"to ensure domestic
tranquillity"—these were amongst the glorious ob-
jects for which our Constitution was formed. Sir,
do you imagine that our union will be promoted—
that our domestic tranquillity will be ensured by
compelling these refractory communities to enter
our Union, in spite of all the differences of blood,
religion, race, and color, and filled with mortal ha-
tred of us as they now are? No man can be so
foolish, sir, as to suppose that by such means our
union will be promoted. Is such a union possi-
ble? It reminds me of the story m "LeDiabie
Boiteux." You may lemember, sir, the story of
the two demons, who quarrelled and raised such an
uproar in .Lucifer's dominions, that he was com-
pelled to interfere. He commanded them, under
infernal pains and penalties, to embrace and swear
to be friends forever. We did so, said the demon,
and have hated each other mortally ever since:
such, sir, will be the consequence of that union,
which you wish to bring about. Such will be the
fraternal union, between the United States and
Mexico. I see it predicted, sir, that if we should
annex Mexico, she would be to us, what Ireland
is to Great Britain—a perpetual source of blood-
shed, embarrassment, annoyance, endless disauie-
tude. I do trust, that the country will not sanction
such an idea—that the Senate will not sanction it
—that in the progress of this discussion, all will
come to perceive the truth, as I think that I per-
ceive it.
I have said that, in my opinion, we can now ob-
tain satisfactory terms from Mexico. I do not
mean to say, that the terms offered by the Mexi-
can Commissioner were precisely such as I would
accept, but they afford, atall events, a proper basis
for negotiation.
if we do not stop here, when and where shall we
stop? Are we to become the ocean-bound Repub-
lic, spreading over the whole continent? That is
what some gentlemen contemplate. I recollect that
one very uitra gentleman said some time since that
the day was fast approaching when " even China
would be a component part of the United States."
Are our dreams of ambition boundless? If we
go on in this way enlarging our boundaries, must
we not eventually be broken into fragmentsJ Must
we not come at last to dissolution, like ths circle m
the water, which by " broad spreading is dispersed
to naught?" The bands which unite our country,
if stretched so far, must inevitably snap. We
must stop now or never. If we persist in this
course, we must come to the project of my friend
from Indiana, [Mr. Hannegan,] and then, I take
it, the dissolution of the Union would be inevita-
ble. I do not know that in such a case the event
would be matter of regret.
Let me trouble you with a few words more on
the subject of the expenses of this war, in connec-
tion with the bill more immediately the subject of,
discussion. I have examined the statement of the
Secretary of the Treasury for this year, and I find
that the expenses of the current year, taking the
quarter which has expired, will amount to seventy-
five millions. 1 confess I was startled when I saw
the statement. The Secretary says:
The rotal receipts and means for the year
i ending Jun<3, J848, are estimated at $42,886,545 80
The expenditures for the first quarter, which
are ascertained, being ^16,409,194 G9
And the estimated expendt-
ditures for the rest of the
i year berftg as follows:
I Civil liht, loreign intercourse,
and miscellaneous  $5,485,180 42
Arm v pioper. including volun-
teers   19,030,865 58
1 FoiUficahons. ftulnauce. arm-
ing milam, &.c '.  2.036,446 50
■ Indian department  1,720,630 2*5
, P( n>ions  ],033.o\i3 66
1 Naval establishment  10,241,072 47
| Interest on public debt and
1 tieasury notes    2,2^0,5/7 13
Treasuiy notes outstanding,
and payable when presented 237,139 31
Thewholeexpenditureswitthe  58,615,660 07
Leaving an excess of expenditures over
means, 1st July, 1848  $15,729,114 27
When the war commenced, we had a surplus of
twelve millions in the treasury, and Congress
adopted new financial measures, which were ex-
pected by the Administration to improve the con-
dition of the treasuiy. But we have spent the
twelve millions surplus, all the current revenues
which we have received,increased as they are said
to have been by the new tariff, besides thirty-eight
millions, according to my computation, of loans
and treasury notes. In January last, the Secre-
tary came to us for twenty-three millions, which
he said would be ample. But, in a month, he
asked for authority to re-issue five millions of
treasury notes, and now another loan of eighteen
and a half millions is demanded for the service of
the present year. I apprehend it will be neces-
sary to raise more than that for the excess of ex-
penditure in the year 1849. This is a woful s'a*e
of tilings. I venture to say, that if you continue
your military operations as they are now conduct-
ed, before eighteen months, either your treasury
will be bankrupt, or you will be obliged to adopt
some new and extraordinary financial measures.
I, for one, shall be prepaied for the crisis.
It is not just, sir, that the coming generation
should suffer for the folly of the present. It is not
just to keep glory for the present age and taxes for
the next. If you will have the glory, you ought
to have the taxes along with it. I believe the only
way to bring the people to a just sense of the enor-
mity of this war is to let them feel the cost of it.
My colleague spoke of the revenue to be derived
from Mexico, and ventured the opinion that the
war could be sustained in this way, without the
cost of a dollar to our treasury. But, is it to be
expected that Mexico, in her present depressed
condition; kept down by an enemy holding her
powerful tosvns, overrunning her country; her in-
dustry paralyzed; her trade and business broken
up; her people ground to the dust by military op-
pression—will furnish any thing like the amount
which he has represented as accruing to her treas-
ury in time of prosperity? You won't get a dol-
lar which is not forced from her at the point of the
bayonet. He speaks of the duty upon contracts,
and says that they might now be stamped by your
authority, and that thus a considerable revenue
would be obtained. But, sir, they will not make
these contracts, especially when there is a proba-
bility that, if made, they will be invalidated when
the present state of things shall terminate. Sir,
this is aii illusion, and if you could get the whole
revenue which Mexico raised in a period of peace
and prosperity, you would get but twenty-one mil-
lions, and your military operations arc costing you
nearly fifty millions. The Secretary of the treas-
ury, sanguine as he is, does not estimate these re-
sources half so high as my colleague.
He has not been able, he says, to obtain any
reliable statement of the amount of duties realized
in Mexico on exports. The duties on specie
might amount to half a million. The receipts
from duties on imports, in n time of peace, have
varied from six to twelve millions. What proba-
bility is there, that these would be half the first
sum, when our armies were covering the whole
country >
