178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 17,
the Whole (Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, in the chair)
on the private calendar.
The bill for the relief of Robert Roberts, and
the bill for the relief of Phineas Capen, legal ad-
ministrator of John Cox, deceased, of Boston,
were taken up, considered, and laid aside, to be
reported to the House.
The next bill in order was the hill for the relief
of Mary Brown, widow of Jacob Brown. The
bill provides for the granting of a pension to Mrs.
Brown, of Clarksburg, Massachusetts, at the rate
of twenty dollars per month, to commence Janu-
ary 1, 1847, to continue during her natural life.
The petitioner is the stepmother of Major Jacob
Brown, who was killed while conducting the mili-
tary operations at Fort Brown, on the Rio Grande,
and the widow of Jacob Brown, senior, a soldier
of the revolutionary war, who died in October last,
in the eighty-thiru year of his age. She is now
seventy-four years ot' age, and, by the death of
her husband, and the more recent death of his son,
she is deprived of the means of support which she
heretofore enjoyed, of which a revolutionary pen-
sion of twenty-four dollars, received by her hus-
band, was a part. To her husband she was married
more than forty years ago, which did not bring
her within the provisions of the general pension
law; but all the circumstances furnished a case
which appealed to the sympathies of the House.
-For the last thirteen years of the life of her hus-
band, he was very infirm, and suffeied extremely
by sickness, by which their means were limited,
and now she is entirely destitute. A provision in
the bill put this pension on the ground of the ser-
vices of her step-son,butit was opposed by several
gentlemen as the introduction of a principle that
might lead to invidious distinctions, and very ob-
jectionable as a precedent in the bestowal of the
bounties of tne Government in the shape of pen-
sions, however much they might sympathize with
the applicant.
Mr. GIDDINGS having moved to strike out the
enacting words of the bill, a debate of considerable
length arose thereon, which was participated in by
Messrs. GIDDINGS, KING of Massachusetts,
HASKELL, JOHNSON of Arkansas, ROCK-
WELL of Massachusetts, HENLEY, CUM-
MINS, SAWYER, POLLOCK, S. LAW-
RENCE, FICKLLY, BOWLIN, McLANE,'
JAMIESON, LAHM, JONES of Tennessee,
TOMPKINS, and TURNER.
Mr. GIDDiNGS, pending the debate, withdrew .
his motion to strike out the enacting words of the
bill, and moved as an amendment that the bill be
recommitted, " with instructions to report a general ,
bill, including all such cases as may be considered ■
proper." This amendment was ruled out of or-
der by the Chaitman.
Mr. GIDDINGS then moved that the bill be
reported to the House with the recommendation
that it do not pass.
Mr. FICKLIN moved to amend the bill by add-
ing as a proviso. " that this pension is granted ir)
consideration of the gallantry and death of Major
Jacob Brown, {her step-son,) in command of the
fort opposite Matamoros, and shall not be re-
garded as a precedent in other cases."
Mr. BOWLIN moved to amend the bill by in-
serting after the word " Massachusetts" the* fol-
lowing : " Aged seventy-four years, and was born
before the elose-of the Revolution."
The foregoing propositions of amendment were
offered pending the debate.
After Mr. TURNER concluded his remarks 
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, obtained the floor,
and, on his motion, the committee rose and report-
ed to the House the bills for the relief of Robert
Roberts and of Phtneas Capen.
The committee reported progress on the bill for
the relief of Mary Brown, widow of Jacob Brown.
And then, on motion, the House adjourned to
Monday next.
offer waa always in order. It was, therefore, sent
up to the Clerk's table and read. It provided for
the termination of the debate on the President's
message at three o'clock to-day.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, demanded
the yeas and nays on its adoption.
Mr. STEPHENS inquired of the Chair if the
resolution was in order.
The SPEAKER replied, such a resolution was
always in order.
Mr. STEPHENS, remarking that the resolu-
tion was the same as had already been offered sev-
eral times and voted down, requested the gentleman
from Kentucky to withdraw it,and not consume the
timeof theHouseby thecallforthe yeasand nay?.
Mr BOYD said, if he might be allowed to re-
spond, he must say, that in his judgment, the
President's message should have been distributed
among the various committees long since—indeed
the very first week of the session, so that the
committees might have had the various subjects
before them, so as to act upon them and report.
He did not feel himself disposed to yield this
question to any other that could come up. He
thought it of more importance at this time to refer
the President's message, and that the committees
and the House act upon the various subjects to
which their attention was called, than to consider
any other subject. He must, therefore, decline
to comply with the request of the gentleman from
Georgia.
Mr. STEPHENS granted it was very import-
ant to have the message referred to the committees.
There were grave questions brought before the
House in that message. But it was equally import-
ant to this House and the country that these ques-
tions be gravely considered and deliberated upon in
this House before the "reference of the message.
This House had consumed but three days m the
consideration of these momentous questions, than
which, he hesitated not to say, no questions more
momentous had ever been presented to Congress
since the organization of this Government.
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman that
the motion to suspend the rules was not debatable.
Incidental remarks were sometimes allowed by the
indulgence of the House, but certainly no extend-
ed remarks were in order.
Mr. STEPHENS moved, then, to lay the reso-
lution on the table.
-Mr. BOYD said, if the gentleman from Georgia
would withdraw the motion, he would modify the
resolution so to provide that debate should
cease in three hours after the message was again
taken up in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. STEPHENS, declining to comply with the
request, renewed his motion to lay on the table,
and demanded the yeas and nays; which were*
ordered.
Tne vote was announced to be 92 in the affirm-
ative and 94 in the negative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Quiney Adams, Green Ad-
amp, Daii inger, Barrow, Blanc-hard, iiutt>, Bu^don, Butler,
Canby, Clmginan, Cocke, Coliamer, Oorig'-r. Cran-ton.
Cn-ueld, CioweJI, Cioy.iei, Dicker, Dixon, Dormeil. Gar-
liPU Duncan, Dunn, Eckert, Edwards-, Btnbree, Nathan
Evan*. Farreily, Fisher, Freedlcy, Cavle. Giddings. Goggm,
Gott, Gregory, GnnneJl, Hale. Narhan K. Hall." James G.
Hampton, Mo-cs Hampton, Haskell, Henry, J. W. Hou-ton,
Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt, Charles j. Insert-oil, Irvin. John
YY. Jones, Kellogg, Thomas Butlei King, Daniel P. King,
William T. Lawrence, Lincoln, Meilvanie. Marf.li, Marvin.
Morebead, Mullin, \"oj, Newall. Outlaw. P.ufrev, Pollock.
Preston. Putnam, Juhu- .Rockwell, John'A. Rockwell, Ro-
man, Ro-p, Roof, Sr. John, Schetiek, Shepperd, Shcrrill.
Wilson—9"2.
IVAYS—Messrs. Atkinson, Bavlv,Beale, Bedinger, Rmi:-
hnm, Birdcall, Black, Bowdin, Bowhn, Boyd, Brwdbend,
Wm.G- Brown. Buit, Cafncart, Franklin Claik. Beverly!,.
Clark, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Coihns.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
;VJoxn\Y, January 17, 1848.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
Mr. BOYD roeo to offer a resolution.
rise SPEA!vt:.R stated, that under the rules, it
was his duty to caii for resolutions to-day; and
having left off at Delaware on last resolution
Monday, he would commence with Maryland.
Mr. BOYD mi'd the resolution he wished to >
5. Hou-ton, In?.0, Jaaueion, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson.
, James H. Johnson. Kod< rt W. JoiMr-on, George V/. Jones,
' Kaufman, Kennon. Lrtbm, La Sidney li.iwremo,
_ Letter. Ligon, Lord, Lujnpkin. McCSeUarul, McClen.msd.
McKav, McLane. M.inn, Meade. Miller. Morris Morse,
, Xicoil. Peasiee, Peck. Petrie, Peyton, Phelps, Piiisbuiy,
Rioha:dson. Richcy. Robm^on, Roekhili, Sawyer, Simpson,
Miiart, Robeit Ninth, Stanton, Starkweather, Charles
E. Stuirt, Thomas, James Thompson, Jacob Thompson,
Kob-rt A, Thoinpj-on, William Thompson, Thur-ton, Tur-
n'cr,V*enable, Wentworth, Wick, William*, and Wilej— 9-1.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The question then recurred on the adoption of
the resolution.
Mr. TUCK moved to amend it by inserting a
substitute providing " for the termination of debate
at three o'clock on the 1st day of February next,
unless sooner disposed of."
Mr. BOYD modified his resolution so as to pro-
vide for the termination of debate after the House
shall again have been in Committee of the Whole
thereon for two hours.
Mr. STEPHENS moved to postpone the reso-
lution and amendment to this day week, and on
this he asked for the yeas and nays.
After a suggestion and a few observations from
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL and Mr. STEPHENS,
the yeas and nays weie ordered, and being taken,
were—yeas 99, nays 98, as follows:
YCAS—Abbott, John (imncy Adun*, Green
Adam-, Bamngei, Bariow, Rlanehatd, Bott-, Bojdon,
Buckner, Butb-i, Cabell, Canby, Chapman, Chngman,
Cocke, Coilamer, Conner, Cian&ton, Cn-lV,kl, Cn.weJi,
Crozter, Dicker, D'xon, bonnoll, Duer. Carnett Duncan,
Dunn, Eckeit, Edward-, Emhree, Nathan E\an-. Farrelly,
Fi>her, Freediey, Gaines, Giddmg-, Gojgm, Gott, Grenorv,
Grume!!, Hale, Nathan K. Hull, Jumics G. Hampton, Mo.-is
Hampton, Haskell, Heniy, John W lion-ton, Ilubbaid,
Hud-son, Hunt, Charles j. Ingersoll, Joseph K ingerso'l,
Irvm, John W, Jones. Kellogg, Thomas Butler King. Daniel
P. King, William T. Lawrenco, Lincoln, Mcllvame. M ir^h,
Marvin, Morohead, Mullin, Nes, jVewall, Outlaw, Pnlfrej,
Pollock, Preston, Putrnrn, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rock-
well. Roman, Rose, Root, St. John, Schenck, Sbepperd,
Sherull, Caleb 8. Smith, Truman Smith, Stephen.-, Andtew
Stewart. Stiohm. Syive-ter, Talhnadge, Tlnbodeaux, Tay-
lor, Tompkins, Richard W. Thomp-on, John B. Thompson,
Tooinb-, 'Puck, V'inion, Warren, White, and Wilt-on—9B.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkinson, Bayly, Beale. Bedmger. Bmg-
harn, Bird-all, Black, Bowdan, Bmvlin, Bo\d, nrodhead,
William G. Brown, Burt, Catheait. (,'luise, Fianklm Claik,
Beveily L C'iark, Jloweil Cobb, William-on It. VY. Cd' b,
Collins, Cummins, Daniel,Dickm-on, Edsall. Faran. Feat.i-
er-ton, Ficklin, French, Frje.-, Fulton, Grr en, Wiliaid P.
Hall, nanimoiH, Ilaial^on, Harmanbon, Harrt-, Henley,
Hill, George S. Houston. Inge, Jamie?on. Jenkin5, Andrew
John-on, James H. Johnson, Robert W John-on, George
W. Jones, Kaufman, Kennon, Lahm, I.a Sdie, Sidney
Lawience, Leffler, Ligon, Lord, Lumpkin, Macld\, McClel-
land, McClernand, McKay, McLane, Mann, M?ade, MiHer,
Morns, Morse, Murphy, Nieoll, Pcaslee. Peek, Petiif,
Peyton, Pillsbury, Rhett, Richardson, Rieiiey, Robinson,
Roekhili, Sawyer. Simpson, Sims, Smart, Robert Smith.
Stanton, Sfaikweather, Charles E. Stuait. Thomas, James
Thornpson, Jacob Thompson, Robert A. Thom| >on. W'l-
liArn Thompson, Thurston, Turner, Venable, Wentworih,
W?i k, Williams, and Wiley—08.
So the resolution was postponed to Monday
next.
RESOLUTIONS.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
States, commencing at Maryland, for resolutions.
Mr. ROMAN offered the following lesolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in.-tructed
toint|uiie into the propriety of making appiopriations for thu
impiovement of the Imrbor ot Havre de Grace, Maryland,
by removing obstructions from the entrance thereof, and
that they report by bill or otherwise.
Debate arising, it was laid over.
Mr. McLANE offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War furnish to this House
the repoit and mapof Lieutenant Emory, of the Topograph-
ical Engineers, of the route of the aimy under General
Kt?ainy from the Mis-soun river to the Pacific ocean, with
-neb parts of the report of Captain Cook as lelated to his
deviation fiom such route, and the report and map of Lieu-
tenant Abert. of the «aine coip-, of in* examinations in the
Province of New Mexico; and also the report5; ot such
military commanders >emngwith the aimv in Mexico as
have been received Miice the tinnsmi-smn of his annual re-
port to Congress, and aheady furm-bed to the senate lor
publication, with the documents accompanying said report.
The resolution being read—
The SPEAKER stated that all resolutions calling
on the Executive Departments were required by
the rule to lie over one day.
Mr. McLANE moved a suspension of the rules,
for the purpose of considering the resolution, and
also moved the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK suggested to Mr. McLaxe to
modify his resolution, so as to include—
J:Al-o. the nianu-criptjouinal kept dunng that t .vpcditiou
by C\i plain Abraham R joim-ron, of the l-tdi:igoon-. up to
the time of bis death, when killed in the battle ol San Pas-
eual.m California."
Mr. McLANE accepted the modification.
The question was then put on suspending the
rules, and it was agreed to, two-thirds voting;
therefor.
The previous question was then seconded; and,
under its operation, the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BOTTS offered the following resolution,
which was read, and laid over under the rule:
Re-oh-ed, That the Pie«identof the United States be re-
fjue-ted to communicate to tins House, if not incompatible
with the public interests, the specific object for winch he ap-
plied to the last Congress for an appiopriation of three mil-
lions of dollars, and the grounds on which he gave the
assurance that «uch an appropnalion would be the means
