1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
of securing a speedy peace with Mexico; and that he also
state whether any effort or proposition has been made by
the Executive or its agent or agents for the disposition of
said fund oi anypait thereof; or whether such agent or
agents have been authorized to make propositions to the
Mexican authontics, or any Mcxican officers, civil or mili-
tary, or to any citizen or citizens ot Mexico, for the dispo-
sition of the whole or any part thereof; and that he be
requested to furnish all instructions and correspondence,
together with all the facts and cneumstanees relating
thereto; and if no disposition has been made, or attempted
to be made, of said fund lor the purpose of securing peace
as promised, to state his reasons therefor.
On motion of Mr. FULTON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the PostOffice and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a post route from Martinsville, in the county of
Henry, to Floyd Court-house, Virginia.
Mr. GOGrGIN moved the following1 resolution;
winch was read and laid over under the rule :
Resolved, That the President ot' the United States be re-
quested to cause to be communicated to this House any coi-
respondence on file in any of the department* of the Govern-
ment in regaid to the duties at this time paid cm Ainoncaii
tobacco sent to the United Kingdom of Great Britnm and
Ireland since the veav 1840, together with any instiactions
given by the President of the United States ot any officer of
this Government to the diplomatic repre-entatives thereof in
England and in othei countries in regard to a diminution of
such duties.
On motion of Mr. MEADE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of amend-
ing the laws on the subject of the tiansportation of the mails,
so as to fix a maximum price for tiansporting the same on
railroads and steamboats, and designate the route of mails
oi the first class, and report by bill or othei wise.
On motion of Mr. CLINGMAN, it was
ResAved, That Isaac Sh.iw have leave to withdraw from
the tiles of tins Uou e the papers in support of his claim for
a revolutionary p n>ion, with a view to their being presented
to the Pension Office.
On motion of Mr. OUTLAW, it was
Resolved, That tiie Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making an appiopnalion
to icopen Roanoke inlet, in the State of North Caiohna, at
or near Nag's Head; and that they have leave to leport by
bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. BARRINGER., it was
RrsAveJ, That the petition and papeisof FiancisM. IIoI-
ton, tor an invalid pension, bu withduuvn from the files of
this House and lefoired to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Pou Office and Post
Roads be, and they aie hereby, instructed to asceitain on
Inquiry, and report to this Mou-e, the term* upon which the
Postmaster General can be leleased from the contract made
by him during the pa, t year for the transposition of the great
southern mail from Baltimoie down the bay ; also, the terms
upon which the Richmond and Fredericksburg Ruhoadand
Potomac Steamboat Company or Companies will engage to
cai r\ the same.
On motion of Mr. RIIETT, it was
Rcsoh c/I, That the Committee on Punting do inquire into
tile expediency ot punting the rcniaminff correspondence
winch has not boon printed between the G<>\ernimnts of
Gieat Ihu.un and of' the United States ichutvo to the duties
imp  s(-d by Gieat Ihitain on Amciicau iou,'h rice oi paddy.
Mr. HOWELL COBB moved the following
resolution, which was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Seciet.iry of War he directed to tians-
mit to the Committee on Revoltutonaiy Pensions of this
House the pipiMs on file in the olhce of the Commissioner
ot Pensions, in thecal of Cath.itine Fteemau, an applicant
foi a pension as the widow of a revolutiouaiy sohhoi.
On motion of Mr. TOOMBS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce inquire into
the e\p< dieney of establishing by law a port of entiy at Au-
gusta, Georgia.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, moved the following
resolution, which was read and agreed to:
Re-Solved, That the Po-tmaftei General he dnected to ic-
port to tin-* House, us soon as practicable, what measures
aie nece.ssary to impose and regulate the payment of post-
age-; on letters and othei mailable m uter leeeived fioni for-
eig i ports at the ports of the United States, and  cnt from
the poiNot the United States to foreign pons; and al-o
what mea&inurf are necessary to impose" and regulate post-
age on mailable matter sent by sea fiom one port to another
m the United Suites.
Mr. CLARK, of Kentucky, moved a resolution
referring petitions to committees.
On motion of Mr. BOYD, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be
insti ucted to inquire into the expediency of relinquishing
the Cumberland road, with all it-! lixtuies, budges, anil ma-
terials prepared for making the same, to the States respect-
ively within which the same i* bitu.ued.
On motion of Mr. FRENCH, it was
Rf>iolved, Tuat the Committee on tiie Po-t Office and Post
Roads be instructed to itiqune into the expediency of estab-
lishing a po^t loute fiom Gra>.-on, in Carter county. Ken-
tuck vT via the- precinct on Little Sandy,and Daniel Ilorton's,
to West Liheitv, niMoig in county, and ftom thence via
Hash; Green, to Jackson, m Breathitt county.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, moved the fol-
lowing resolutions:
Resolved, That, in addition to the standing committees of
this House, there shall be one called the Smithsonian Com-
mittee, whose duty it shall be to superintend ths affairs of
the Smithsonian Institution.
Resolved, That the repoit made by the regents and accom-
panying documents be leferred to the Committee on the
Smithsonian Institution, whose duty it shall be to examine
the same m connection with the onginal journal and other
documents from which they have been made, and repoit to
this House whether, m their opinion, it is necessary to punt
all or any portion of them, or not; and that said committee
bft, and is hereby, authoiized and required to take into con-
sideration the-propriety and^expediency of suspending all
further operations of the Smithsonian Institution until the
treasury of the United States be lelieved from the heavy
and pressing burden created by the existing war between the
anarchy of Mexico and the American Union. And, further,
that said committee be authorized and icquiied topiocure
the aid of three aichitects, distinguished in their profession,
associated with two responsible and highly-reputed scientific
practical builders, who shall take into" consideration the
site, the design, and material of which the present building
is composed, and report the result of such examination to
this House. And, further, that said committee take into
consideration the propriety of so changing and remodelling
the piesont design of the SmithsoniairLisMiition as to con-
vert, it into a " tmiveisitj," m the extended sense ol the
term, including the manual labor feature, as to embrace
ngueulture, hoiticulture, and all the vauous branches of
mechanism, or as many of them as may be deemed practi-
cable and useful to the country.
The SPEAKER ruled the resolution out of
order.
Mr. JOHNSON moved to suspend the rules
that the resolution might he received.
The question was put on suspending the rules,
and the motion was disagieed to.
Mr. COCKE presented a memorial and certain
resolutions of the Legislature of the State of Ten-
nessee, in favor of the construction of a railroad
from Lake Michigan to the Pacific ocean.
Mr. STANTON presented a similar memorial
and resolutions to those presented by Mr. Cocke.
Mr. CHASE offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That it is inexpedient to order our tioops to
retie.it tiom the positions which they have gallantly won in
Mexico, for the purpose of falling back upon a deletiaive
line.
Mr. STEPHENS moved to lay the resolution
on the table; which motion was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 96, nays 89, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John (i Adams, Green Adams,
~     , *-<■ 'j "n '"-j, vi.wn, AMiiuiuij, jjuer.
Gainett Duncan, Eckert, Edwaids, JSmbree, Nathan Evans',
Fairelly, Fisher, Fieedloy, Fulton, Game*, Gayle, Gentry,
GtddingP,Goggin,Gott, Gresoiy, Giinnell, Hale, Nathan K.
Hull, James G. Hampton, Moses Hampton, Haskell, Henry,
Elias B. Holmes, John W. Houston, Hubbard, Hudson,
Hunt, Joseph R. Tngeisoll, Kellogg, Thomas Butler King,
Daniel P. King, W. T. Lawrence, Levin, Lincoln, MclJ-
vaino, Marvin, Morehead, Mnlhn, Nes, Newall, Outlaw,
| PaUrey, Pollock, Preston, Putnam, JuIiih .Rockwell, John
j A. Rockwell, Roman, Ro-e, Root, St. John, Schcnck, Shep-
I peid, Shemli. Caleb B. Smith, Tiuman Smith, Stephen-,
[ Aiuhew Stewait, Stroiun, Sjlvc-ter, TaJImad^e, Tlnbo-
1 dt-rtiix, Tavior, Tompkins, itirh.ud \V Thompson, John 15.
Thompson, Toombs Tuck, Vinton, Wuiron, White, and
Wilson—DO
.\A"\ S— Messrs. Atkinson, Bajly, Beale, Hedinuer, Bing-
ham, lhid-all, Black, Bowdon, Boyd, Brodhead,"Willi.mi
G. Brown, Cathcart, Chase, Fianklin Clark, Beveily L.
Claik, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Collins, Cmn-
muu , Daniel, Dickinson, JGdsall, Fatan, Featheiston. l^iek-
hn, Fne<?, Fienoh, Green, Willard P. Hail, Haral.-on, Har-
manson, Harris, Henley, Hill, George S. Houston, Chaiies
J. Ingeis.oll, Jamieson, Jenkins, Audiew Johnson, James H.
Johnson, Robeit W. Johnson, Geoige W. Jones, Kaufman,
Kennon, Lahm, LaSeie, Sidney Lawience, Leffier, Lh^on,
Lmd, Lumpkin,Maelay,McClelland, McCIernand,McKay,
Mann, Meade, Miller, Morris-, Morse, Nicoll, Peaslee,Peck,
Peyton, Phelps, PilMmiy, Rhett, Richardson, Riehey, Rob-
inson, Jvocklull, Sawyer, Simpson, Sims. Smart, Robert
Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Charles j-]. 'Stuait, Thomas
Jatne.s Thompson, Jaeob Thompson, Willi.mi Thompson'
Thurston, Tmnei, Venable, Weutworth, Wick, Williams,
and Wiley—89. '
On motion by Mr. THOMAS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquuc into the propuety of pioviduig hy
law for the payment to the widow*, hens, or legal represen-
tatives of such volunteeis in the Mcxican war who may
have been Killed in battle or died before the end of the/r
ttfim of service, the «ame pay as they would have received
had they sci ved the full tune for winch they enteied the ser-
vice; and that they repoit i>y bill oi otherwi.se.
On motion by Mr. JONES, ofTenn., it was
Resolved, That the Committee on^the Po«t Office and Post
Road? bo instructed to mquue into the expediency and pio-
prietv of piovidmg bj law that it shall be the diity of the
Postmnstei General to atiange and class the service here- !
aftei to be leijuired of (lie railroad companies, lneiudmg '
that in which the s.«ivice h partiv bv tteamooat-s, m the I
ti auspoi tation of the United States mails, into four classes, :
accordiu? to the >izoof the mail-, the speed and fiequency j
with which the mails are or .shall be icquiied to be convey- 1
ed,and the impoitaucc of the service ; and it shall be lawful I
for him to contract for cair>m§ the mail with any &ueh lad- i
toad company, or any steamboat company, or any railroad ■
and steamboat company, either with or without adveitismg j
, for such conliacts: Provided, That for the first class service i
i in conveying the mail on any raihoad he shall not pay a
higher rate of compensation than $<00 per mile per annum,
nor for the second class service on any railroad a greater
compensation than $>150 per mile per annum, nor for the
third cla^s service, on any railroad a greater compensation
than j$10D per mile per annum, nor for the fourth class ser-
vice on any railroad a greater compensation than $50 per
mile pei annum; nor for carrying the mail on steamboats,
or on the steamboat portion of a raihoad and steamboat
route, a greater compensation than ifc above specified for
the several elates. less twelve a«d a half per cent.; and
that they repoi t by bill or otheiwise,
Mr. CUMMINS offered th"e following resolu-
tions, which were read, and laid over under the
rule:
Reioked, That by the Constitution of the United States,
the power is confcned upon Congress to appropnate the
money of the United States for the conitruciioit of such
works of internal improvement as arc necessary for the
national defence and ioi the safety and preservation of the
military maune of the countiy. which woiks ma> incident-
ally be used for the advancement arid piotection of com-
merce. so far as the same are suitable for that pmpo&e.
Resolved, That by the Constitution ot the United States,
the power is not conteircd upon Congress to oppiopimte the
money of the United States for the construction of woiks of
internal improvement within the limits ol any State in the
Confederacy, the object of which woik is for the regulation
of commerce only, and not tor national defence ; but such
power, when assumed and exercised In Congiess,is derived
not from a faithful eon&tiuctiun ol the Constitution itself, nor
from its letter or spirit, but by a latitudmous construction of
that instalment, and an unwairantable implication of power,
dangeious alike in punciple and in piactice.
Resolved, That the example of those States which have
engaged in an indifcuminato and combined ^ybteni of inter-
nal nnpiovements has rleaily pioved the dangerous tenden-
cies and corrupting influences oi such a policy, and wlueh
should admonish the National Legislative not to impose
upon the people of the United States* an onerous public debt,
involve then Government in hopeless bankruptcy, and sub-
ject the haIN of legislation to unscrupulous demands and
eoiiuptmgapphancesfnrapartui! distnbut'on of the national
levenues, to be expended for local and selfish purposes,
which are the necessary consequences of such a sy>tem.
Rcsohcd, That no appropriation shall be made "by Con-
giess fot any improvement which is not of itself, separately
cornideied, of sufficient national importance to entitle it to
the favorable consideianon of the National Legislature.
Resolved, That to defiay the currentexpenses of the Gov-
ernment, and for the vigorous and successful pio§ecution of
the existing war with Mexico, all the levenue^arid means of
the United Slates are necessary, and the same ought not to
be diverted ot appropriated to objects of less importance or
doubtful expediency until anhonoiable peace is obtained.
Mr. CROWELL moved the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to infoim this House if any scciet inspectors oi any addition-
al inspectors have been appointed in New Hampshire with-
in the last three yeais; it'any have been so appointed, what
was the occasion of such appointment, and also the places
where they leside, the duties they have performed since
their appointment, and the compensation they have seveial-
ly received, and at what times; also, to lay betoie the House
copies of any letters received at the Ticasnry Dcpaitmcnt
lepresentim? the necessity of such appointment, and also
copies of the accounts of any such inspectois, if any have
been so appointed.
Mr. C. moved to suspend the rules, for the pur-
pose of considering the resolution.
The question was put, and the motion to suspend
was disagreed to. So the resolution lies over.
Mr. GIDDfNGS moved the following preamble
and resolution, and asked for the previous question
thereon:
Wheieas, on Friday last, thiee armed peisons, engaged in
the internal slave trade, entered a dwelling in this city, and
violently seized a colored man, employed as a wait' r in the
boarding-house of seveial members of this body, and, in the
presence of his wife, gauged him, placed him in nons, and,
with loaded pistol*, forced him into one of the slave prisons
of this city,from which, it is lepoitcd, he has since been
despatched for the slave market at New Orleans :
And whereas said coloied man had been employed m said
boaidmsr-house for seveial yeats, had become well and I ador-
ably known to membcis ot this House, had niamod a wife
in this city, and, undei a contract to puiehase his fr"edom
for the sum of $300, had, by gieat industry, paid that sum
within about §60:
And whereas outrages like the foicgning have been of
common occurrence in this Distuct, and are sanctioned by
the laws of Congress, and ate extremely painful to many of
the membois of this Houac, as well as in themselves lnhu-^
man: Therefoie,
Resolved, That a select committee of five members be ap-
pointed to inquire into and leport upon the facts afoiesaid;
also, as to the propriety of repealing such acts of f'ongre«N
a* sustain or authorize the slave trade m this District, or to
remove the seat of Government to sonic free State.
Mr. BRODJHEAD rose and inquired if the pre-
vious question was demanded.''
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. GAYLE moved to lay the resolution on
the table.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered.
Mr. WICK rose to a point of order. He sub-
mitted to the Chair that no member had a right to
offer a resolution, with a preamble prefixed, re-
citing a long list of facts, of which the great ma-
jority of the members cautd not possibly have any
knowledge. In reference to this particular case,
