1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Pension? be requested
to deliver to tii^ Clerk of this Hou^tlie papers on file in ins
office relating 10 the application of Sauih Dunham for a pen-
sion, and tluitthey be referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary i'en&ions.
On motion DICKINSON, it was
Resolrcdy That the Committee on Indian Affair# be in-
structed to inquire mto the expedionc> of providing for the
adjustment of the unpaid chum- .due by membors of the
Wyandot Indians to the citizens of the United States, ajiee-
ably to the stimulations or the sixth article of the treaty\vith
that people, concluded March 17,1842.
On motion of Mr. RICHEY, it was -
Resolved, Tnat the Committee an Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquiie into tiie expediency of granting to
widows who weie mamed to revolutionary officers or sol-
diers prior to the year 1812 ail ih'j beoetit ct the several acts
and resolutions paired or to be passed m favor of \\i<lo vs
who were married to lcvolutionaiy officers or soldiers prior
to the year 1*70-1.
On motion of Mr. LAHM, it was
Resolved* That th^ pape.is on fue in the Clerk's office m
relation to the application of James hii!m;m, of Ola.), u>r a
pension, be taken from the files, and t'uii the ?ame be refer-
red to the Committee *>n iie^ohmoriAiy Pensions.
On motion of Mr. KENNON, it was
Resolved, Tbatthe papers in fie case ot I;r\an,Mail} pen-
is y is. Co., by talvu.i fiojn the lllcs o? tiie tJou-*.. and inferred
to the Committee on tiie Po.^t Office and Roads.
Mr. FISHER moved the following; resolution,
which was read, and laid over under the rule:
Resoiicd, That the ctectetan ot the Trca>ury is hereby
requested to communicate to this Hou.se, at, hit e-u lu^t con-
venience, the amount of money, m tlie ablegate, paid or
due for services to tue oincers ami cleik«s ol the independ-
ent treasury since it took effect to tiie Ut day of January,
1643, and, tnrtner, that he communicate, in deUul, toe
amount of public-
Wiieieas, m the judgment of this Hou^o, the people of
the United Slates, by the terms of tho Constitution and the
geiuu^ot our Government, are sovereign, and mat wirh them,
thiough then Repie^entauvoa m Congress, sest^ the ques-
tion of war. oiu1 of the highest attributes of sovereignty :
And whereas tbe people, as sovereign-aud as payers of
tilt: expense^ in munev and in blood, hav'eaiight at ail times
and underal] cneumstaiiees to know whaupeciiic object is
piopo^ed to be accomplished by a war prosecuted in their
name and at their eo:-x:
And whereas the people have not, in due constitutional
I ibuu, tinougn then Hcpicsentatives m Congress, deciaied
I war jigiiiiisuhe Republic of Mexico, nor deciaied tor what
i specific object the ^aaie shall be pro>ecmed:
j And wheieas millions oi the people's money have been
expended, an onerous debt incurred, and thoia-andx of va!u-
t abb lives sacnticed mtbe prosecution of the existing war
| with Mexico, it i  incumbent on those pubiic functionaries
| who projected and aie d.rccfmg f||f Laid war, to couimur.i-
i catc to this House, lot the niioiination of the true ^oveieign,
( the people, the specific object to bo aecomp.ibhed by the |
, prosecution <>t tbe war with Mexico, and specifically tbe ,
t means, by which the object is to be accompli bed: There- J
- (oi e,
' llc.oh-cd, Tisat the Pics-idcnt of the United Ptaibe re- :
! sp.jcTujlly jcqiifsted, li in bis (>pu:ion it will no J conflict \\ ith ;
' t.ie pubiic mti re t.>, to mfoi m tins House wiui? specn.c oh- |
! ject he pinposes to accompli-Mi by tiie prosecution oi'tln- war I
. with Mexico, ami spocificail^bv what means he proposes !
I die accompiislimeht of the otijeet; and. * j
i 1-t. Whether or not it is l.jb object and design to suhjugite !
the whole of tlu Mexican people, and to conquer and hold
the wiioi^ of the Mevican terntoiy, or any portion of the
said people, oi any pait of tnc said teiritory, and what por-
tion and what part?
2d. Jn the event of subjugation and conquest, partial or I
entire, what does he propose to do w it'i tbe people s-ubju- j
gated and the tei ritoiy conquered and held? 1^ it his object j
and design to oigamze government^ theief If .-o, what i
kind and charactoi ofgovornin^nt s>haJJ bo vouchsafed to the
subjugated Mexicans, civil or military, republican or other-
to
3d. What rielifs. Civil and political, are to be extended to
the subjugated Mexican**? I-j it intended to guaranty to i
them the right oi suiirageancl representation in the Congies->
of the United Stag's?
4th. U it intended to despoil the Mexican chinches oi
chu.eimien ot then ptoperty or esiates, or to levy conlnbu-
tioiib on cither, to aid in pa} nig tiie cxpi'i^eis ot subjugating
ihe people ?
oth. is it intended, in the event of conquest, tiiat tiie titles
of mdmduaK to land in the conquered terntoiy shill be
jes peeled?
And, 6th. What pioportion of the fertile and valuable
land situated within the territory proposed to be conquer-
ed and held is unappiopriated to individual claimants or
owneis ?
money tiaii.-u'eireu, by whom, in what
manner, and to what places, tr.uisierred, undo) the inde|>end- | j vvi.>e, terntonal ineiely, oi a-* free Slates, to be admitted m
etil treasury'law, with the cost ot transferring the same, |j tbi^ Union?
either directly or indirectly. , *'>'1 XTr'-~* t.. ... . ... . . , ,
Mr. HAMMONS moved to reconsider the vote j
by which the resolution referring the papers of '
James Hiilman to the Committee on Invalid Pen- j
sions was passed. {
Mr. FARAN requested that the motion to recon-
sider might be laid over for a day or two; which
was assented to by Mr. Hammons.
On motion of Mr. LA SERE, it way
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquiie into and repoit upon the exp -diency and
necessity oi'fc&tabiishing a naval dep6t at or near the city of
New Oi leans.
Mr. WICK offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
stiueted to inquire into the expediency of directing, by law,
that naval ofiiceij?, while at the seat of government, on leave
or duty, shall appear in the dross or undress uniform of their
jiioper rank and corps respectively.
The resolution was disagreed to.
On motion of Mr. CATHCART, it was
Resolve.!, That the Committee on Public Lands be instruct- i
ed to inquiie into tno expediency of bo amending the 9th !
section ot the art to r«u>e lor a hunted tune an additional
military foice. and for other purposes, appioved Febiuaiy
11, 1^17, so that those soldiers who have, by then* set vices
in Mexico, entitled thcm*e^<*. to warrants undet :uid act,
and who arc pjeemption claimants upon the Mi.imi lands
m Indiana, may be permitted to lay their warrants upon
their imptovementtJ, as others who aio both soldiers and
settlers are allowed to do upon tiie balance of the public
Jands.
Mr. ROBINSON offered the following resolu-
tion, which was disagreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquiie into the expediency ot pioviduig by law
for the compensation of Statf adjutant generals foi setviees
in reference to r.usinir and forwarding volunteer-* to their
places of rendezvous, and in supei intending the same until
they are mustered uito service, and of making such law ic-
trof.peetive.
On motion of Mr. WICK, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of extending the
bounty land law, or some such modification thetcof, so as to
secure tbe benefit thereof, entirely or in part, to the surviv-
ing soldtets of the Indian wars and of the last war with
Great Britain.
On motion of Mr. DUNN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing by law
for tbe payment to tbe heirs of tbe officers and  oidiers
killed in buttle the amount of all tieasury notes, otiiet prop-
erty, oi money, in the possesion of Mich officer or soldier
at ins deatii, and which wa<? lost m consequence thereof.
On motion of Mr. HENLEY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into tbe expediency of >o amending tbe
act entitled '-An act to provide lot raising a legimcntof
mounted riflemen, and tor establishing mihtniy stations on
the route to Oregon," approved May 9,1843, as to provide
lor the diseharsr or all sucn non-commissioned officers arid
private-, of said i egiment a-* may desire it at the termination
ot the present wat with Mexico.
Mr. TOMPKINS moved the following pream-
ble and resolutions, which weie read, and laid over
under the rule:
On motion of Mr. THOMPSON, of Missis-
sippi,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Pobt Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing <i mail route fiom Memphis, Tennessee, via Robin-
son's, Tdewellyn's Cross l{oad<, College Hill, to Oxford,
Mississippi; also, from Ripley, Mississippi, via Campbell-
town, to Abeideen, Missi&tippu
On motion of Mr. FEATHERSTON, it was
Rcwicu!, That the Committee on the PostOtiice and Post
Uonds be insti ucted to inquire into the expediency of e^tab-
li-bin/; a po->t loute fiom BeiJefontaine to Gienada, in the
►State of lUis-js-i.-ipi.
On motion of Mr. RICHARDSON, it v/sa
Rewind, That the Committee on Mihtaty Allans be in-
stuieted to inquiie into the expediency and necessity of fm-
ni^hing non commissioned oflieer^, musicians, and privates
in the volunteer corps now m tbe service of the United
States with clothing m kind,
Mr. WENTWORTH moved a resolution, re-
fer ling the President's message in relation to the
veto of the river and harbor bill, to the Committee
on Commerce, with instructions; which was de-
cided out of order by the Speaker.
On motion of Mr. WENTWORTH, it was
Rewired, That tb- Committee on tbe Judiciary inquire
whether any alteration of tiie Constitution of the United
States is necessary in order to retet the election of eitner
po-timiftert, oi land officers, or revenue oiiiccts, or officers
ot any other kind now appointed b> the President, bv and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, directly to the
people; and if no such alteration is neccssan, then to in-
quire into the expediency of ivpoitmg a bill refenin" the
election of «-uch officersdirectlv to the people, from and after
the 4th ox March, 1850.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Previous notice having been heretofore given,
bills were introduced as follows:
By Mr. C0GG1N: A bill making: further ap-
propriations of land to satisfy Virginia military
land warrants for services during the revolution-
ary war, and for other purposes connected with
said services.
By Mr. CROZIER: A bill to promote the edu-
cation ol'the indigent deaf and dumb; which was
read twice and icfened to the Committee on Public
Lands.
By Mr. TAYLOR: A bill to extend the time
for locating Virginia military land warrants, and
returning surveys thereon to the General Land
[} Office.
i - By Mr. FARAN : A bill to amend the act en-
I titled "An act extending* the jurisdiction of the
! district courts to certain cases upon the lakes and
j navigable waters connecting the samfe," approved
; the 26th of February. 1845.
! By Mr. "K A RM AN SON: A bill providing for
I the final settlement of certain confirmed claims in
i Louisiana, and for other purposes. [This bill was
| introduced ynder a suspension of the rules.]
i Also, a bill to grant lands to certain parishes iti
j the State of Louisiana as a leveeing fund.
[ By Mr. LA SERE : A bill for the relief of Wil-
i liam DeBuvs, late postmaster at New Orleans.
; By Mr/CATHCART: A bill to reduce the
I minimum price of the Miami tends in Indiana.
I By Mr. SMITH, oflllinois : A bill to grant to
! the Slate of Illinois the light of way through the
i public lands, nnd for other purposes.
■ By Mr. TURNER : A bill to amend an act en-
, titled " An act to appropriate the proceeds of the
' sales of the public land?j, and to grant preemption
rights*," approved September 4, 1841.
By Mr. LINCOLN : A bill to amend an act
entitled " An act to raise for a limited time an ad-
ditional military force, and for other purposes,"
approved February 11, 1847.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Notices of motions for leave to introduce bills
were £lven as follows :
Bv Mr. McKAY : Of a bill to regulate the cost
i of collecting the revenue from customs, and also
! to require ail public moneys, from whatsoever
i sources leceived, to be paid into the treasury be-
1 fore the same can bo disbursed.
By Mr. COBB, of Georgia : Of a bill to regulate
and equalize the compensation of the district at-
torneys of the United States.
By Mr. LUMPKIN : Of a bill to divide the
State of Georgia into two judicial districts.
Bv Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee : Of a bill to
change the title of an act, approved on the 10th
. day of August, 1846, entitled " An act to establish
the Smithsonian Institution for the increase and
diffusion of knowledge among men," to that of the
'< Washington University for the benefit of the in-
digent children of the District of Columbia," in
memory of and out of respect to George Washing-
ton, the Fatlfer of his Country.
By Mr. COCKE: Of a bill to repeal so much of
the first section of an act approved .Tune 18, 1846,
as authorizes the President of the United States,
when the war with Mexico shall be terminated by
a treaty of pcnce, to select from the number of
major generals and brigadier generals then in ser-
vice "the number to be retained without regard
to the date of their commissions."
Bv Mr. STANTON : Of a bill for the relief of
the heiis of Matthew Rea, a lieutenaat in the rev-
olutionary war.
By Mr. SAWYER: Of a bill to reduce and
graduate the price of the public lands to actual set-
tlers, and for other purposes.
By Mr. DICKINSON ; Of a bill for the im-
provement and protection of the following harbors
on Lake Erie, in the State of Ohio, to witr the
head and mouth of Sandusky bay; the harbor at
Huron; the harbor at Vermillion; the harbor at
Black river, and the harbor at Perrysburg.
By Mr. SMITH, of Indiana : Of a bill to dis-
courage speculations in the public lands of the
United States and to appropriate them in limited
quantities to actual settlers.
By Mr. HENLEY: Of a bill to extend die right
of suffrage to all white male inhabitants of the Dis-
trict of Columbia who have residod therein twelve
months next preceding the election at which they
proooso to vote.
By Mr. TOMPKTNS: Of a bill to provide pen-
! sions for all the officers and soldiers, regular and
volunteer, who have been injured and permanentr-
jj ly disabled in the service in the existing war with
!| Mexico.
jl Bv Mr. FICKLIN: Of a bill to cede to the sev-
n era I States, on certain conditions, the public lands
! within their respective limits. .
I Also, a biil to ijrant to the State of ®Ufr'
' nate sections of land along the line o. the Cairo
: and Chicago railroad, to aid in its completion.
I By Mr. "McKAY: Of a joint resolution autno-
| rizing and directing certain reports ana public doc-
! umeiits, which are required by law to be made by
I the President and the several executive t.epart-
i ments to either or both Houses oi Congress, to b«
