1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
188
and his opinion touching megjis .necessary to the military
accomplish the objects of our Government, in any and all
alternative viewi,that have been considered by the Execu-
tive or suggested by Scott to bring the war with Mexico to
a close; if not inconsistent^ in the opinion of the President, h
with the pnblk* service. ;|
Mr. CASS. I would ask the Senator to con- !!
sent to the postponement of the consideration of
the resolution till to-morrow. . The Senator from
Arkansas [Mr. Sevier] is absent, and there can
be no harm from twenty-four hours' delay.
Mr. MANGUM. I have no objection to post-
ponement, except that the information sought by
the resolution is of vast importance to the forma-
tion of an intelligent opinion in reference to meas-
ures now pending before the Senate; and which,
allow me to say, are pushed to a consummation
with a degree of zeal and pertinacity which I have
rarely witnessed upon any occasion so early in the
session. It would give me great pleasure to corn-
ply with the suggestion of the honorable Senator
from Michigan, were it not that the information
which is desired is of the very highest importance
at this very moment, in order to enable the Seriate
to act intelligently. I hope, therefore, that the
Senate will proceed to the consideration of the res-
olution. I will make no other remark unless it
should be deemed necessary. I hope the resolu-
tion will be adopted.
Mr. CASS. I do hope the Senator from North
Carolina will consent to a postponement of the res-
olution. If he do not, I must be compelled to vote
against it. I cannot conceive that, in the present
condition of affairs, whilst we are actually engaged
in war, it would be proper to communicate the
plans of the Government. It would give the enemy
information vastly useful to them in making their
preparations. "We can easily conceive that such
would be the case. It is true that the usual dis-
cretionary power is given to the Executive, but 1
conceive that the objection which I*have just stated
has sufficient force to make the call improper at
this time. The Senator says that the measures
before the Senate have been pushed very perti-
naciously. I cannot conceive why the Senator has
made such an assertion. The bill for raising ten
regiments was introduced three weeks since—four
weeks since, I believe—and we are now m the
second week of its discussion. There has been
no disposition in any part of the Senate to force
that bill through without discussion. All we have
asked is, that it should be considered, discussed,
and voted upon. If this be " pertinacity," we are
pertinacious. But I do not think that this is per-
tinacity. [ do not say that there is an instanta-
neous need of this additional force. But 1 hold,
as was better said by the honorable Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] than it can be said by
me, that that force ought to be raised and sent to
Mexico before the sickly season sets in; and that,
in order to effect that, ^should hasten oui prepa-
rations as much as possible. It will take some
time to put the bill through the Senate, and still
longer in the House. We may be advanced far
in the session, do the best we can, before these bills
can be passed, and the Government be put in pos-
session of this force. I repeat, then, that I cannot
perceive any ground for the charge that the meas-
ure has been pertinaciously urged upon the Senate.
1 renew the suggestion, that the resolution be allow-
ed to lie over till to-morrow.
Mr MANGUM. I did not charge pertinacity,
in reference to this measure, upon any portion of
the Senate. I alluded exclusively to the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs;
and 1 submit to the Senate, and to ail who have
observed the proceedings of the body in reference?
to this measure, whether the charge has not been
sustained by the facts. Sir, when the honorable
Senator from South Carolina was about to be de-
nied the benefit of the usual course of the Senate
in reference to the consideration of his resolutions,
I appeal to the recollection of Senators, whether
there was not great pertinacity exhibited in the
effort to refuse him an opportunity of addressing
the Senate. All must remember the events of last
Thursday—the repeated calls of the yeas and nays
on the question of adjournment, with reference to
this very question. All must remember the earn-
estness with which the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs urged the neces-
sity of early, if not immediate, action on the bill
before them. However, I leave that, sir, as a
small matter, and pass to one of vastly greater
importance. I allude to the sentiment enunciated
here by the honorable Senator this morning, that
it would be eminently improper for the Congress
of the United States to be informed of the Execu-
tive's designs and the Executive's instructions to
the commander-in-chief of the army in Mexico.
I protest, sir, most solemnly, against this attempt
to exact that degree of faith from the legislative
bodies of this country which shall induce them to
rely upon an Executive who discloses only by
glimpses, not even by halves, the purposes be-
lieved to be entertained by himf I hold, sir, that
the great legislative faculty of the country should
not be-exercised at all upon a question so moment-
ous as this, upon meie faith reposed in the Execu-
tive branch of the Government, who does not
deign to communicate to us more than glimpses of
his policy. I regard it as so important that I look
upon the question now pending as bringing up the
great issue between despotism and liberty. 1 regard
the measures here piesented to us—only half dis-
closed to us—as looking to a spirit of universal
domination, and an absolute conquest of the whole
of Mexico. If the country is ripe for that, in my
poor judgment, the country is ready to surrender
its free institutions. The policy, as half disclosed
by the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, in the extract from a letter which
was read here the other day, indicates, in my
opinion, designs, from which the inference is in-
evitable and cannot be resisted, that Executive
policy seeks for universal domination in Mexico,
and the conquest of the whole country. That, in
my humble judgment, raises the question, dis-
tinctly and emphatically, between despotism on
the one hand, and liberty on the other; and the
more so, sir, as the Executive of this country does
not deign to communicatc to us his views, and as
the honorable chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, the trusted and able organ of the
Administration here, tells us to our faces that it
would be improper to communicate to us the de-
signs of the Executive. I oppose, sir, such a course
of policy*, and I frankly say, that, under avowals
of this character, anxious as I am to strengthen
the arm of the Government for all legitimate pur-
poses—an anxiety which has been evinced by all
my votes upon this question—I shall feel myself
dnven to the necessity of refusing supplies, cither
of men or money, for any increment of the army,
so long as this doctrine avowed by the Senator
from Michigan shall be maintained.
Sir, my attention is directed to an order to which
I have noticed a reference, but now seen for the
first time. I will not detain the Senate by reading-
it. I suppose it is familiar to other Senators. I
understand that this order on the part of the general
commanding-m-clncf is to occupy every important
position throughout Mexico.
A Senator. Read the first clause.
Mr, MANGUM. This is maiked " order 376,"
and is as follows:
"Headquarters of tiik Army,
'' Mexico, December 15,1847.
" 1. This army is about to spread itself over, and occupy
the Republic of Mexico, until the latter shall sue for peace
in tet ins acccptable to the Government of die United States.''
" The whole of the Republic!'3 Sir, it cannot
be disguised. The disguises are too thin. The
veil is too transparent. All the disavowals that we
have had, that the President does not entertain any
purpose of conquest, come at last to this, that the
Executive means to illustrate his administration by
absorbing the whole of Mexico, if the sense of the
country will sustain him. I desire to know, sir,
whether the general-in-chief, for any legitimate or
proper or reasonable purpose, desires or has sug-
gesied this increase of the army, amounting to
thirty regiments, the bills for which are now upon
your table. Yet we are not to have this informa-
tion ! It would be eminently improper to disclose
the views of the Executive m regard to Mexico !
Disclose them to whom, sir? Not to the Mexi-
cans. The general order of the comniander-in-
chiefhas already disclosed his purposes, presumed
to be the purposes of the Government in regard to
the future policy, to the Mexicans themselves; but
eminently improper to disclose them to the Ameri-
can people, who, I trust, are not yet ripe for this
scheme of wholesale rapacity and rapine, in which
I fear we have already too much indulged; I hope,
sir, the resolution will be adopted.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator from North
Carolina, from a general charge has proceeded to
make an individual charge. lie charges me with
pertinacious obstinacy,
Mr. MANGUM. I mean it in no improper
sense. I imputed to the Senator only a marked
degree of zeal and pertinacity.
Mr. CASS. No one knows better than J do the
courteous and honorable bearing oflhe gentleman
from North Carolina. He may, like all of us at
times, under the influence of party zeal, from
which none, perhaps, are wholly free, use harsher
expressions than need be; but his present charge,
as applicable to me in any circumstances, is incor-
rect, and I mean to prove that it is so to his satis-
faction. He instances two facts in support o£ his
allegation: first, that I opposed the discussion of
the resolutions of the honorable Senator from South
Carolina. Now, I was not opposed to the discus-
sion. I beg the honorable Senator's pardon, but
he must allow me to remind him that I was in
favor of the discussion. 1 was anxious to extend
to the honorable Senator from South Carolina all
the indulgence which he asked. All I insisted on
was, that if this most impoitant bill were laid aside
for the purpose of taking up a subject which, so
far as it related to the measures immediately before
us, might be called abstract, as soon as an oppor-
tunity had been conceded to him to express his
views, the subject should be laid upon the table,
and the bill be taken up. That was the only ob-
jection that I ever made in reference to that matter;
and that was precisely the arrangement into which,
the Senate itself fell. Such, then, was the amount
of my pertinacity in that case. As to the adjourn-
ment, it has been many times a matter of conscience
with me to vote for adjournment, under the im-
pression that we did less mischief out of this
Chamber than in it; but here is a case in which the
interests of the country required prompt action,
and therefore I opposed the adjournment. We
had before us a bill whose importance cannot well
-be overrated. We had been giving to it one and
a half hour's discussion daily—six hours a Veek
allotted to one of the most important measures in
its consequences ever presented to the Senate! I
objected to adjourn over till Monday, and that is
adduced as another proof of my pertinacity!
Really, I cannot see it.
Now, with respect to the motion before the
Senate, all I ask is, that this matter should be
allowed to lie over till to-morrow, when the hon-
orable gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Sevier,]
specially charged with it, shall have collected the
necessary information. I do not say that it will
not be proper then to communicate the informa-
tion, nor have I said that it would be improper to
give any of the information which is sought. The
gentleman has asked, to whom the information is
to be disclosed? Why, to the Mexicans. I do not,
of course, intend to say, that that is his object;
but that will be the effect of the resolution.
Mr. MANGUM. The Senator misconceives
my meaning. The Mexicans have already had
intelligence of the designs of the President to the
utmost limit; and if the information is withheld,
it is because there is an unwillingness, somewhere,
that it should be laid before the American people.
As to the Mexicans, they have been already ad-
vertised of the views of the Executive.
Mr. CASS. If the Senator only wants that in-
formation, the American people have got it as well
as the Mexicans. I take it, Mr. President, that
in all countries during the prosecution of a war,
the specific plan of the campaign should not be
made public. Surely, prudence requires that only
the general intentions of the Executive Govern-
ment should be made known in such circumstan-
ces. But where, in the name of wonder, would be
the sense in telling Mexico, that the.1st of June
we mean to take Vera Cruz, and Puebla on the
20 th—that on such a day, such and such troops, or
subsistence, or munitions of war, would be de-
spatched to a certain point? It is not the specific,
identical plans of campaign made between the
commander-in-chief and the Government, which
should be laid before the Legislature of the country
and the enemy. A thousand reasons will occur to
everybody, showing that such a procedure, if not
impossible, would be highly injurious. I repeat,
there is no wish to refuse any information which
may, with propriety and safety, be communicated.
My onlv object is to delay action on this resolu-
tion for "a short time, until the necessary informa-
tion can be supplied. All I contend for is, that
the broad principle assumed by the honorable Sen-
ator from North Carolina, is neither safe in itself,
nor justified by the practice of any government—
