184
THE CONGRESSONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 17,
to wit: that at all times it is right to call upon the
Executive to disclose its specific pians of carrying
on a war. The adoption of such a principle, it is
obvious, would be attended with the most injurious
consequences.
Now with respect to the progress of the war,
it is said that'General Scott is going on from town
to town, and from city to city, conquering all
before him. I am very glad to hear it. I hope
that the commanding- general will continue to go
on in this way. If he does so, [ have no doubt
he will conquer Mexican obstinacy and thus con-
quer a peace. I have already expressed my opin-
ions with regard to the war in Mexico, and have
nothing to say on the subject now, except to tell
the Senator from North Carolina, what 1 had the
honor to say to the Senator from South Carolina,
that the adoption of any resolutions in this Senate
with regard to any danger—if danger there be—in
always the exception as to treaties, and that ex-
ception predicated upon the reasons which 1 have
given.
I am not prepared to say whether I shall vote for
or against this resolution, because I have read it
only this morning, and not ten minutes ago. I
desire an opportunity to examine the resolution.
I wish to ascertain whether any of the information
there called foi, would, if disclosed, of whatever
character it may^be, prejudice the interest of the
country. Perhaps, sir, m a time of war, when so
large national interests are involved—perhaps, in
such circumstances, a great deal more than ordina-
ry care should be taken to see, that in our anxiety
to bring everything before the public, we do not
inflict injury on the public interests. But, as I
said, I will not go into this business. I will go as
far as the farthest man here, in a general resolution,
describing what part of the public business shall be
the progress of this war, would be but as the idle \\ kept secret, and what shall be made public. The
wind. You might as well stand by the cataract Jj sentiments of the Senate in regard to the question
of Niagara, and say to its waters "flow not, "as !' vary with the cases which exist at the moment,
to the American people "• annex not territory," if i; as everybody knows; and the same vote which
they choose to annex it. It is the refusal of the ji closes the doors to-day may open them to-rnor-
Mexican people to do us justice that prolongs this jj row. We ought to have a general rule, applicable
war. It is that which operates on the public mind ;! to ail cases. 1 remember a famous struggle which
and leads the Senator from North Carolina to ap- jt we had upon this floor, in regard to a resolution
prehend a slate of things which he fears, but which I had the honor to submit, calling for cer-
which, for myself, I do not anticipate. Let me :: tain military orders issued by President Tyler, the
say, Mr. President, that it takes a great deal to kill object of winch was to transfer a portion of the
this country. We have had an alarming crisis j! regular forces of the United States near to tlie scene
almost every year as long as I can recollect. I ;t which was going on m one of the States of the
came on the public stage as a spectator before Mr. j, Union, involving a question of its constitutional
Jefferson was elected. That was a crisis. Then >; government. Well, upon that subject the Senate
came the embargo crisis—the crisis of the non-in-
tercourse—of the war—of the bank—of the tariff
—of the removal of the deposites—and a score of
others. But we have outlived them all, and ad-
vanced in all the elements of power and prosperity11
with a rapidity heretofore unknown in the history
of nations. If we should swallow Mexico to-mor-
row, I do not belie\e it would kill us. The Sena-
tor from North Carolina and myself may not live
to see it, but I am by no means satisfied that the
day will not come in which the whole of the vast
would not entertain the proposition. They laid it
| upon the table and kept it there, in defiance of all
' the efforts which I could make to get it up. I ai-
| leged that if rumor were correct, the President
i was do ng a thing he had no right to do, and which
seriously perilled the public peace, and, what was
more, the public rights of a portion of the citizens
of the country. The Senate, however, thought
that it was not proper to call for the documents. I
will not say that m that case the Senate was wrong,
and that I was right; but I speak of this as one of
country around us will form one of the most mag- Ji the historical reminiscences of the past, to which
nincent empires that the world has yet seen—glo-
rious in its prosperity, and still more glorious in
the establishment and perpetuation of the princi-
ples of free government and the blessings winch
they bring1 with them.
Mr. ALLEN. I was not aware that this reso-
lution was before the Senate at all, and therefore
we ought sometimes to refer when we start propo-
sitiona of this kind, and which may reflect some
jj light upon the case now before us. I pledge my-
!; self to vote for the most ultra resolution which any
ji man can conceive, for which he will himself vote,
jj laying down a general rule with regaid to the de-
! scnption of public business to which this Senate
it will not be supposed that I intend to address the jj has a right, and for which they have a right to call
sennfa nn lf« Tfr qii> Ii f emr tharofam h~> t'.ia fijuolnv Ci-Atvi \t 'n
Senate on its subject-matter. It seems to me, sir
that this Government has always proceeded upon
the assumption that in certain cases it is proper to
refrain from giving publicity to some portions of
the public business until the whole has been con-
summated. It is upon that around that these
doors are so often closed upon the public. It is
upon that ground that this Seriate has so often
refused, also, to entertain resolutions calling for
matter touching the foreign relations of the coun-
- try before the matter was consummated. For the
same reason, a part of the appropriations of this
Government to tne " secret-service fund" is placed
under the guarantee of the President's honor, and
he turns the key and closes the door upon the
public with regard to that secret-service money.
I speak of these things, sir, as evidence of the fact,
that thus far this Government has proceeded upon
the ground that some parts of the public business,
in some stages of its transaction, ought to be with-
held from the general observation of the world.
Where the line should be drawn, sir, is a great
and a delicate question. How much, if any, of
the public business should be so withheld from the
notice of the public is a very serious question, and
one on which I entertain opinions quite different
from those so often expressed by most of the mem-
bers of this body. The line I think to be this: that
whenever the act sought to be made public barely
affects the relations between any branch of the
Government and its own constituency, it ought to
be made public, every part and parcel of it; but
when the act sought to be disclosed affects the re-
lations of our Government with a foreign Govern-
ment, then the national interests and the national
I say, therefore, to the Senator from North Caro- .
lina, let him draw up a general resolution, declar- ;
atory of the rights of the Senate upon this subject, J
and he cannot carry his resolution too far—he can^ j
not throw open the door too widely—he cannot let j
in too much sunlight—to lose my support; for I !
have been one entertaining very ultra ideas on this i
subject of making everything public. But I want j
time to consider the particular resolution which he
has submitted, and therefore desire that it may be i
t laid on the table until we make a question declar-
! atory of the rights of the body in this respect—a
| question which shall result in the adoption of a
j resolution applicable in all time to come, and by
j which we shall measure all succeeding administra-
j tions-. I move, sir, the resolution be laid upon the
| table.
j Mr. MANGUAI. I hope that the honorable
I Senator will withdraw his motion for a moment.
| Mr. ALLEN. Certainly.
i Mr. MANGUM. It is impossible, without a
| violation of propriety and decorum, to allude to :
| what has been done m the Senate when Bitting in
| a different capacity, and 1 shall not do so.
| Mr. ALLEN". The resolution to which I had i
, reference was submitted in open Senate. i
j Mr. MANGUM. I am aware of that, sir. But
j in answer to what ha3 been said by the honorable j
: Senator from Michigan on this subject, I have only |
! to remark, that it is perfectly competent for the '
; President, in what 1 regard a proper deference to
; the Senate, (which is a portion of the executive,
| and exercises also a share of the legislative faculty
;; of this Government,) to make all communications
| to us in the strictest confidence. Is it to be main-
safety may require that, until all is consummated, jj tained here, sir, that wc, who must give efficiency
none should be made known. Hence the resolu-
tion, which I have submitted so often in this body,
to open the doors of the Senate, and have no secret
sessions as applicable to nominations, contained
and consummation to all these great measures,
acting not upon Executive, but upon our own
respective responsibilities—is it to be contended
that we are to be lefused, in secret session, such
!' information as it may be deemed improper to com-
): municate in public? I have inserted m the reso-
ld lution, in a proper feeling of decorum towards the
: Executive, the usual clause—" if compatible with
< the public service." I protest, sir, against the doc-
; trine that the Executive can withhold from ns any
information which is necessary to intelligent action
!■ on our part. What! deny us the means of acting
,; understanding^ and intelligently on the measures
| submitted by the Executive! Sir, an absolute
. despotism could not ask for more—need not seek
for more than that. As regards the views of the
1 honorable Senator from Ohio, it seems to me that
, lie has considerably modified his opinions on this
subject. The distinction now is, that in till mat-
ters which touch our internal interests and affect
our constituency, the Executive is bound to give us
all the information which we may demand; but
that in those cases which affect our foreign rela-
tions, and which may very often involve matter of
i' vastly greater delicacy, and perhaps higher respon-
i; sibdity, the Executive is not to communicate in-
1 formation to us. I confess I cannot discern the
.< grounds on which such a distinction is drawn. I
| believe the injunction of secrecy has been removed
, from the discussion of the Oregon question in pri-
|i vate session. It was insisted then that the dis-
l\ cussion should be open; and, if I be right in my
ij recollection, the honorable Senator then entertained
; a somewhat different opinion from that which he
.! has enunciated here to-day. If, therefore, on a
' renewal of the motion, this resolution should be
\ laid on the table, I shall regard it as a decisive ex-
< pression of the judgment of the Senate, that upon
; a great question, involving a vast expenditure of
, money, deeply affecting the future policy of the
| Government, the principle is asserted that we are
: to sit here as puppets of the Executive will, voting
for whatever measures may be recommended to
us, without thel^xecutive condescending to put us
in possession of those facts which we deem essen-
tial to the formation of a just estimate of his policy.
Sir, I hope that such a judgment will never be
affirmed by the Senate.
Mr. CALHOUN. The hour for taking up the
special order has arrived, and I believe my col-
league has the floor. I suggest that the resolution
of the Senator from North Carolina be passed over
till to-morrow.
Mr. MANGUM. I have no objection to that,
sir.
The resolution was then passed over informally
till to-morrow.
THE TEN-REGIMENT BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration, on its
third reading, of the bill to raise, for a limited time,
an additional military force.
Mr. BUTLER. The bill upon your table, sir,
proposes to raise ten additional regiments, or ten
thousand men, rank and file, in addition to the
regular army now existing, and under the control
of this Government. This bill has been reported
by the Military Committee in conformity with the
recommendation of the President; and we are also
informed that it will be followed by another bill,
giving to the Executive authority, whenever he
may think proper to exercise it, to call out twenty-
thousand volunteers. These are the measures
which will form the subject of our authoritative
action at this time. By the existing laws, the
President of the United States has the basis of an
army of sixty thousand men. There are thirty
regiments of regulars, I believe, and about the
same number of volunteers, which have been
authorized to be called into service during this war.
I cannot be precise, however, as to the number of
men wHo have been actually in service; but it i3
certain, that if all the regiments of regulars were
filled up, there would be about twenty-eight thou-
sand six hundred, or very nearly thirty thousand
men; and I understand there are about thirty thou-
sand volunteers. It is true, that of this number
we have not now in the field, or under the actual
command of officers, more than forty-five thousand \
but it is sufficient to say, that the President of the
United States, as commander-in-chief of the army
of this nation, has the power to call out at this
time—if we put the means in his power to pay
them—sixty thousand armed men. He now asks
that we should add to this number ten regiments,
to be raided by enlistments; and, I suppose, by
another bill, twenty thousand volunteers, to be
placed at his disposal, making in all ninety thou-
