186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 17,
even by the Executive himself far beyond his con-
Since the discussion of this subject commenced,
within the last fortnight, there have been demon-
strations of public opinion not to be mistaken. I
have heard it openly avowed that this war is not
to be carried on merely for the purpose of making
peace with Mexico under a satisfactory treaty; but
that it is to be prosecuted with the more obnoxious
design of conquering Mexico and bringing her into
subjection , either as an independent province, or to
be annexed as a part of our territorial government.
Sir, it is not to be disguised. When my colleague
first intimated that such would be the tendency of
the measures recommended by the President, the
friends of the President on this floor—and I have
no doubt they spoke by authority—repudiated the
idea, and said nothing was further from the inten-
tion of the President than such a design. I cannot
impute to the Chief Magistrate any design under
the cover of any ambiguous terms. He has said
—and I believe he was honest when he said it—
that it was not his purpose to subjugate Mexico
and destroy her nationality. But if the President
should be unable to control the tendency of his
own measures, what difference will it make to the
people whether the result arises from design, from
ignorance,or from his inability to control the ten-
dency of the measures which he himself proposes?
The effect will be the same. Are we any nearer
peac^ now than we were at the commencement of
the campaign, which has fulfilled the most san-
guine expectations of all those who were interested
in the accomplishment of the designs of the Exec-
utive? I can never forget the time when that cam-
paign was under discussion in private circles—the
deep anxiety that I felt on the subject—(I mean
the campaign which may be denominated the Vera
Cruz expedition.) There were men who fore-
boded the greatest evils—men who looked at it with
a disti ustful eye—who denounced ik as rash and
unmiiitary, and one likely to result in disastrous
consequences. Gentlemen will recollect the deep
anxiety which was felt by all who had friends or
relatives in that expedition, at the time of the, land-
ing of General Scott at Vera Cruz. And when it
was ascertained that they had landed in safety
upon that soil which was destined to cover the
bones of so manv of our gallant soldiers, the com-
mon feeling throughout the United Slates was a
feeling of jov at the prospect of approaching peace.
Peace was then confidently calculated upon, but
no peace came. General Scott was then in the most
difficult of all situations. He had not only to fight
his way against an enemy, and a formidable ene-
my, but he had to fight for the escape of his army
from the effects of the climate, to save his men
from certain destruction; for if he had not been
able to pass the heights of Cerro Gordo, the cli-
mate would have destroyed more than wtuld have
fallen by the sword of the Mexicans. And with
what number of men was it that General Scott
landed ? Not over thirteen thousand ; and with
not over eight thousand he passed the heights of
Cerro Gordo. He was obliged to use the utmost
expedition, or risk the consequences to be appre-
hended from the diseases of the country. He was
reduced to the necessity of risking the issue of an
Unequal contest in passing that which was regard-
ed as the most impregnable of any position which
had been erected by the Mexican Government. If
the incidents and events attending these battles had
been written, the reader would have felt his cheeks
glow in reading them. He would have found re-
corded, names which are destined to go down to
posterity, at whose mention the American heart
will exult. There are many who did not feel the
excitement incident to that first, and perhaps I
may say most important, victory which was gained
during this eventful campaign. If not the most
important, it must undoubtedly be regarded as the
most splendid achievement of the campaign. I
shall not undertake to describe the achievements
before the walls of Mexico; it has been betterdone
by the honorable Senator from New York. But
these battles did not bring peace. The army is in
Mexico—is there any peace? Have we not the
right to ask the question, what have been the im-
portant results proceeding from those splendid and
magnificent victories ? Their soil has been enrich-
ed by the blood of those who have sacrificed their
lives to maintain what they regarded to be the
honor of their country. But, Mr. President, while
we can take pride in the heroism of our country-
men, and rejoice with those who survive—and
every one can profit by the history which will be
written of the dead—we must recollect that that
history is written upon tombstones—that it will
be found in the neglected graves of our soldiers,
whose bones and blood are now enriching a for-
eign soil; in the tears of widows, in cries of or-
phans, and statutory provisions for your maimed
soldiers. These are the only fruits, as far as we
have seen, of those splendid achievements. Have
you a right to expect any other? Is there any
prospect that there will be any other? I hope there
may be other results.
The President has told us that the only mode by
which he can obtain a peace is, by the entire sub-
jugation of the people of Mexico, so as to reduce
them to an unconditional submission. That is the
only alternative left. But there are other and more
prominent reasons why we have no peace, and one
is from our own divisions. This war has encoun-
tered a most formidable opposition at home; and
all Europe is against us. Where in all history have
you found such opposition as there is to this war
at this very time ? I do not know what party ought
to be responsible. The majority of the popular
branch I understand to be against it, and we have
only to look at this Senate to see the formidable
array of those who countenance that opposition.
A wise magistrate should take counsel from the
signs of the times. Lord North pushed the cur-
rent of his measures so far that he could not control
them, because he would not take counsel of those
eminent statesmen of their time—Fox, Put, and
Burke. I have no right to allude to names, but let
the Executive understand this much, that some of
the highest names of this country are now giving
him counsel—not directly, but in the form of ex-
pressed opinions—to which, if he is wise, he should
give something like the attentive consideration that
is due to so formidable and imposing an exhibition
of public sentiment.
1 cannot concur myself (and I have said so on
another occasion) in the mode in which those who
are opposed to the war propose to terminate it. In
my opinion, it would have been best for us to con-
cur in the most effectual measures for bringing it
to a close; and it is possible that if we had ail con-
curred in passing measures for bringing this war to
a close, by this time Mexico would have found it
hopeless to hold out any longer; but she has taken
hope ftom the opposition to the war which has exist-
ed among ourselves; but that is not, in my opinion,
the most prominent source—certainly it is not the
only source—of her inducement to protract this
war. i think Mexico has a,right to complain of
the exacting terms which we have been demanding
of her as the price of peace. Why, sir, when
the ten-regiment bill was under discussion at the
last session, I recollect the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, (acting, no
doubt, as the organ of the Administration,) adver-
tised the whole country—before, sir, the territory
was reduced to subjection by our arms, and before
we had any right of conquest over it—that the
least that would be demanded of Mexico, in any
negotiation for peace, would be New Mexico, and
all of California.
Mr. CALHOUN, (in his seat.) Upper Cali-
fornia.
Mr. BTJTLER. All of California, Upper and
Lower. And, sir, I thought at that time that it
was one of those declarations that was very well
calculated to offend the pride and arouse the jeal-
ousy of any nation. No nation on earth, that had
a spark of national pride, could submit to be told
in advance that she was to be despoiled of nearly
one-third of her territorial dominions, and thatbe-
foie we had obtained anything by right of conquest.
But, sir, this is not all. The President of the
United States has gone further, arid told us, in his
late annual message, that only New Mexico and
Upper and Lower California had been conquered;
but that he would not, under any circumstances,
sijrn a treaty ceding them or any part of them to
Mexico again. He has gone further, Mr. Presi-
dent, and, what struck me as somewhat remarka-
ble at the time, he has assumed that they are our
territorial dominions now, and that the Govern-
ment of the United States has a right to appropri-
ate them by extending their civil jurisdiction over
thern. This is nothing more nor less than assu-
ming that we have a good title to these territories
by conquest. It does seem to me, as it seemed
then, (and upon perusal of books upon the sub-
ject I am still more satisfied,) that it is entirely
against all the weight of authority in the laws of
nations. There is no such thing as one nation Jla-
grantebcllo acquiring title to the territory of another,
until there shall have been a trea.ty of peace made,
or an abandonment of right on the part of the con-
quered nation, or unless such circumstances exist
as to induce the other nation to recognize the right
thus claimed. I know no instance, in modern
times, of title to any territory being consummated
and perfected by the law of the strongest, although,
during war, it is one of the modes of annoying an
enemy to take possession of the territory of that
enemy, if it can be seized upon by either of the
belligerents.
War does not consist merely in fighting. War
has other modes in which it may be conducted;
and one of the modes m which it ought to be con-
ducted is, to seize the property of your enemy, for
the purpose of depriving him of the means which he
otherwise would have of sustaining himself or the
contest. This, sir, is one mode of carrying on a war;
and so, I say, as we hold possession of this terri-
tory, we are but carrying on the war legitimately.
It is not war to fight, because there is nobody to
fight. But if the United States advertise Mex-
ico, that under no circumstances can these terri-
tories, or any part of them, be ceded or given back
to her, under a treaty of peace, why talk about
negotiation ? Why speak of making a peace under
the form of a treaty? "Why resort to such a misera-
ble mockery? Why seek to disguise your course
under such miserable pretences? Negotiation for
what? You will say, "Mexico, you must negotiate;
but if you do, it is with this distinct understand-
ing, that we are to hold all we have, and compel
you to give up as much more as we can." Why,
if she were as strong as you, she would never sub-
mit to that, because it would be degradation: and
because she is a weak nation, is it any reason that
a neighbor should presume upon her defenceless
condition, and extort terms from her which would
be unworthy in her to grant in any negotiation
with an equal? What right has the Republic of
the United States to graduate the scalc of nations,
in point of dignity and influence? If we were to
consult what should be the proper example, under
the influence of Christian civilization, it would be,
sir, as far as possible, to raise the dignity of the
only Republic on this continent, and hold it as
equal with the proudest despotism or monarchy
on earth. This would be right, sir. The laws of
nations are made up of precedents like this.
We should set an unworthy example, were we
to act otherwise in reference to a weak power that
is prostrate at our feet. It would be abhorrent, sir,
to my notions of justice., I know there are those
who insist that there is no wisdom in magnanim-
ity. Before God, I believe there is more wisdom
in the impulses of a w£rm heart than in the de-
vices of a crafty head, and especially if it is a
crafty head looking forward to gratify certain
designs of ambition.
1 know, sir, very well that all I shall say on this
subject may have very little influence, but I intend
to require the friends of the President to vindicate
the proposition, that before we have acquired a
title according to the laws of nations by a treaty of
peace, we should assume to be the owners of the
land: that we have the right to extend over it our
own laws, and invite our citizens to settle upon it.
Where does such law come from? It has been
said, sir, that a victorious country is rarely deaf to
the suggestions of ambition and avarice, and I am
afraid we will find in ourselves an exemplification
of the remark. No, sir, as a matter of policy we
should not insist on it. We have no right to in-
sist upon it, if we intend to have negotiations upon
anything like principles of equality and justice.
But as I have thus far disapproved of the mode
heretofore pursued, with aview to obtain—whatall
speak of as desuable, and what all are anxious to
obtain—an honorable and speedy peace, I may be
asked, what course would you suggest? Perhaps,
sir, my opinion will have very little influence; but
as I have taken the liberty to indulge somewhat in
censures upon the measures of others, I ought not
to withhold my own opinions as to what would-be
the proper measures to be adopted.
But before I do so, I am compelled cursorily to
look back to those measures which preceded the ad-
mission of Texas into this Union, and to the situa-
tion of Texas before that union was consummated,
and to examine upon what title she held the land
