1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
which she claimed to possess—whether by title
acquiied by her at the time of the revolution, or
whether by title acquired by conquest subsequent-
ly. For a title acquired by a revolution, and a
title by subsequent conquest, are very different
things. They are essentially, different. Texas,
as I understand, when she raised the standard of
resistance to what she regarded as encroachments
on the part of the Mexican Government, compre-
hended not only the limits of Texas proper, but
also the district of Coahuila; thus including terri-
tory lying on both sides of the river. She had no
right at this time to any part of the territory com-
prised within the limits of Tamaulipas; and if she
acquired any right to this territory lying between
the Nueces and the Rio Grande, it is not, sir, (and
I undertake to say so, as a lawyer,) by any right
incident to her in consequence of her revolution.
I will point out to you, as far as I can, the extent
of her title under the revolution. K
As I understand, sir, sometime in 1835 General
Cos'passed through Tamaulipas. Leaving a gar-
rison at Goliad, lie pushed forward and took up
his quarters at San Patricio. Thence he sent a
detachment of soldiers to take possession of some
cannon at a village in the neighborhood. Well, the
first symptom of the revolution was the rising of
the people of this little village to prevent their can-
non from being taken. They were not content to
limit their exertions simply to prevent the taking
of their cannon, but they raised an army and drove
back General Cos, and reduced him to the neces-
sity of entering into stipulations that he would
never take up arms against Texas again. Well,
this was the commencement of the'revolution. In
1836,Santa Anna brought his army to the Rio
Grande, which he crossed, and re-took all these
posts again, marking his course in blood and ashes
as he passed along; and not in the ashes of inani-
mate substances only, but in the ashes of the sole
diers. He drove them before him. He passed the
Brazos, and was going on, when, at San Jacinto,
he was met and overthrown by the Texan army.
There he was taken prisoner. The revolution of
Texas was thus consummated, as far as it could be
consummated, by the capture of this prisoner and
the reduction of Filisola to their terms, which were
the restoration of all prisoners and property in his
possession. Santa Anna entered into a treaty, not
only to give up all prisoners and property, hut all
that territory lying between the Nueces and the
Rio Grande. Now, 1 am not one of those who
maintain that this treaty gives a title. 1 am very
far from meaning any such thing; but I resort to
it for another purpose. The revolution having
been conducted under the organized Government
of Texas proper, fives, it seems to me, the n^ht to
all the land on ihis hide of the Nueces. But, as
regaids Tamaulipas, that was a distinct and sepa-
rate State. What right had Texas to this? If she
acquired any right, it must have been by conquest.
Now, what was the nature of the possession by
which she could establish her right of conquest?
Why, these are the circumstances that are relied
on, that some of the inhabitants who Had taken
refuge under the flag of General Rusk, returned
and settled there by his permission. At the same
time, the Texas flag was hoisted at Corpus Christi.
So that possession of the west bank of the Nueces
was kept until, on another military demonstration
on the part of Mexico, the inhabitants again ap-
plied for protection, and he ordered them to retire
beyond the river: they did so, and after the danger
was over, returned to their possessions. These are
the evidences of possession, and they are the evi-
dences of the possession of only a part of this ter-
ritory—a possession which, in the language of
lawyers, might have given a color of title to her by
constructive possession of the whole. And such,
X think, would have been the legal inference, if [
Mexico had not had g previous and older title of j
possession to a part of the territory lying along the |
Rio Grande. But the fact is so. She had custom- J
houses there; the citizens recognized the laws of j
the Mexican Government, and debts were collect- j
ed under these laws. j
Such was the situation of affairs when annexa- I
tion took place. Mexico had possession of a part, I
and Texas of a part, lying on the banks of the re- j!
spective rivers, leaving the intervening space di- i
vided by a shadowy line which could not very well
be distinguished. Under these circumstances, the
annexation took place, and General Taylor was
ordered with his army to Corpus Christi, on the
right bank of the Nueces, and in a part of the dis-
puted territory. Now, was there a perfect title in
legal contemplation in the Republic of the United
States? 1 have no doubt, sir, Texas had as good
a right as Mexico; there was concurrent posses-
sion. This was exactly the position in which
neither had exclusive right to the whole. There
was no exclusive right in either, so far as regards
a definite certain title. Under these circumstances,
General Taylor was ordered down to Corpus
Christi, with a view to occupy the territory of
Texas, to protect it from the invasion of Mexico.
Now comes the most difficult and debatable point
at'issue, upon which it seems to me the merits of
this war must ultimately turn. General Taylor
was there, and by direction of the Government,
and he had a right to remain there until he received
further orders fioin home. An Envoy Plenipo-
tentiary, Mr. Slidell, was sent to Mexico with a
view to negotiate, if he could, and settle the bound-
ary. We all kifow the result of this negotiation.
Herrera, who was then in power, was perfectly
willing to receive him, as he said, as Commission-
er to settle the boundary; but he could not receive
Jam as Plenipotentiary. It might have been an
idle objection, but our Government insisted that
the cup of reconciliation was exhausted, and that
he should be leceived in the character in which he
was sent to Mexico. After Mr. Slidell was le-
called, or after he took Ins passpoits, it must be
recollected the march of General Taylor to the
Rio Grande took place. Now, sir, I am not going
to excuse the President. He placed General Tay-
lor there to communicate information; aud what
was the purport of that communication ? It was
to this amount: "I advise you, in a mihtaiy point
* of view, to move the army. If the settlement is
'to be effected by arbitiament, theie is no neces-
* sity of stnking a blow." This was the informa-
tion and advice which Geneial Taylor gave the
United States. Now, sir, did the atmy move fiorn
Corpus Christi, under the authority of the Gov-
ernment, to bring on a collision, or to tun the lisk
of bringing on a collision, upon the supposition
that the cup of reconcilement had been exhausted,
and not in the hope that negotiations might be sat-
isfactorily concluded ? Or did General laylor take
possession under the honest appiehension that
Mexico intended to seize upon the teiutory to the
exclusion of the United States? If this Govern-
ment, under the apprehension that this was the
state of things, took possession of the territory, with
the view of preventing Mexico, under an armed
force, ftom having a lodgment theie, I hold it to
be entirely justifiable, because, sir, war does not
consist always in an actual oveitact. War some-
times must be anticipated; and if Mexico had ;
marched her army and made such overt demon- 1
strations, or marched an aimed loice with a view ;
of taking possession of the territory, and General j
Taylor intormed his Government that such was
the case, and the Government ordered him to move
his army, with a view to deleat that intention on
the pan of Mexico, it was nothing but what the
Government was bound to do. On the other hand,
a very different inference must be drawn, if the
President of the United States, who is the repre-
sentative of all the people of the United States,
indifferent to consequences, sent the aimy with a
view of informing Mexico that negotiations were
terminated. It presents a very dilieient state of
things. The Secretary, indeed, states that all the
means of reconcilement were exhausted, and that
the only alternative remaining was the sword.
Now, if the President of the United States took
possession of this temtoiy, either with too much
negligence, or a reckless indifference to conse-
quences, he has not pei formed the part of a wise
and circumspect Chief Magistrate; and the act is
only to be just ficd, it seems to me, on the ground
of a reasonable expectation that Mexico would be
induced to conclude negotiations.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. If the Senator
will permit me, I would suggest that General Tay-
lor, in marching to the Rio Grande, met the Mex-
ican army about half way—on the banks of the
Little Colorado—and was informed by the com-
mander of the Mexican forces, that if he crossed
that stream, it would be held an act of war.
Mr. BUTLER. I understand alt that.
Mr. DAVIS. The Mexican aimy moved first.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not recollect dates; but I
understand the order to General Taylor was issued
before the Mexican army advanced.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know at what time the
Mexican army proceeded to this point, but we do
know that General Taylor found them in position,
and they must, therefore, have moved first. That
is a fair inference.
Mr. SEVIER. The order was given to Gen-
eral Taylor in January; in February it was received
by him, and in March he was in motion.
Mr. BUTLER. I shall concur with the Sena-
tor readily in this point of view, for I regard both
as having possession. I think that General Tay-
lor was right to advise the Government to antici-
pate the Mexican army. I have always been un-
der the impression, however, that the order to
move was issued long before. However, sir, I do
not think it makes a great deal of difference, as far
as regards the situation of affairs now. All concur
in desiring to bring this war to a close by as hon-
orable a peace as can be very well effected. And
how is it to be done?
Now, sir, having come to the conclusion that
we are bound to maintain the rights of Texas to
the territory between the Nueces and the Rio
Grande—(and I certainly think we are bound by the
most solemn of pledges, for we have an act of this N
very body reciting that American blood had been
shed on American soil—there it stands on your
statute book, the most solemn of all declarations)—
that this territory did belong to Texas, and to this
country b;y annexation; and though it was a sub-
ject of honest dispute between Texas and Mexico,^
and between the United States and Mexico, yet
we have passed judgment upon it, and said to Tex-
as, it is a part of her territory; and in consequence
of that pledge, it seems to me we never can yield one
foot of land this side of the Rio Grande. But, sir,
that is as far as I will go as an ultimatum of any
proposition of peace to that Government. I would
insist, in the first instance, m every measure, that
to the Rio Grande we are bound, under the most
solemn of pledges, to protect the rights of Texas. *
But then the question may be asked—and it is a
proper question—how would you establish any
other line for separating the territories of the Uni-
ted States from those of Mexico? Will you fall
back .upon any line which separates Oregon from
Mexico? 1 think not, sir. But by way of making
it as acceptable as possible to Mexico, and with'a
sincere desire to terminate this war, I would not
hesitate, if it were to be done to*moirow, to send
the most illustrious embassy to Mexico and pro-
pose to her terms t)f peace upon this ultimatum,
with the right, however, to demand from her to
say what line she should run by way of compen-
sating us for the claims we have against her, and
I should think it no degradation. If it were a
strong Government, and we were actually engaged
in a contest to be decided by foice of arms, it
might be otherwise. But Mexico, prostrate and
feeble as she is, it is no degradation to make any
terms by which we can terminate this unhappy,
this disastrous war.
I know the suggestions which 1 make are not
likely to be adopted, but I think that what I have
already intimated as the limit is one from which
we cannot depart. We are bound to say to Mex-
ico, we cannot give you any land on this side of
the Rio Grande, but we will leave you to say what
line you will agree to run from the Rio Grande to
the Pacific. I would give her tho option, m the
first instance, to say what line she would agree to,
though I do not say I would be bound by it; but I
say 1 would not hesitate to give her the right to
indicate the line she would adopt. Perhaps she
might adopt the thirty-seventh degree, and i might
be asked the question, would you be satisfied with
that line ?
I have no hesitation at all in stating, that it is
our interest to encourage and countenance Mexico
as an independent republic; and let whatever line
may be agreed on—be it thirty-seven or thirty-
eight—-all the territory we want, or all it is said we
want, will fall into our possession inevitably.
There is no way of preventing the American peo-
ple from settling in the territory now claimed, and
which, it seems to be presumed by the President,
is to fall into our possession. But I may beasked,
if Mexico propose a line, would you adopt it? If
there is any one thing which the policy of this
Government dictates more than another, it is to
terminate this war. And, sir, we cannot, at this
conjuncture, make too great sacrifices to terminate
the war. I speak now as a southern man; and if
I were only to have in view what must ultimately
