188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 17,
be the interests of the southern States, I would
enter most fully into the mad schemes of taking
possession of the whole of Mexico, because in
that way slave labor might be employed, whilst I
have no idea that any slaveholder will ever go into
that country north of thirty-two degrees. But,
as I have said, if Mexico would propose terms,
I would consult the councils of moderation and
justice, and endeavor to sustain rather than anni-
hilate a neighboring republic.
But I may be told that they are not capable of
self-government. I believe they will have to go
through the changes to which other nations are
subject. They will, perhaps, have to endure an
irksome fermentation before they arrive at that de-
gree of refinement and intelligence which will lit
them for a republican form of government. But,
as 1 have said, if Mexico were wise, she would
^ive all we claim. 1 believe it would be to her
interest to give up all territory between the Rio
Grande and the Sierra Madre.
But I have no hope that she will be governed
by any such policy. I am, however, for peace;
and for the purpose of securing it, I am willing to
make any sacrifice, except of the power and dig-
nity of the country. And I believe it will be a sac-
rifice of neither to offer, in the most conciliatory
manner, such terms of negotiation as that republic
might be induced to accept. Well, I may be told
that she will reject your terms—that she will not
only cling to the Nueces, but that she will give you
no line this side of the boundary between Mexico
and Oregon. Well, sir, if she acts thus, what then
can we do ?
Suppose that Mexico rejects all overtures liber-
ally made to terminate this war, what are \ve to do?
Prosecute this war, devastate the country, seques-
ter the levenues, disarm the populace, reduce them
to such a state that they can make no resistance,
9 but must appeal to us, and ask to be annexed to
our Confederacy ? Is this desirable, sir, as a mat-
ter of policy ? Is it desirable that we should reduce
her to such a condition that we cannot refuse to
receive her into the Union? Well, sir, this, it
seems to me, must be the legitimate consequence
of pushing these aggressive and invasive opera-
tions further. Suppose you take the whole of her
territory—or suppose you have the whole under
your control—how much do you contemplate per-
manently retaining' Will you take more than
New Mexico and the two California?, by way of
indemnity, for the just claims which you have
against that Government? I ask, how much will
you take? I again repeat the question. Let the
President ana his Cabinet indicate this to-morrow.
What prevents # them from doing it now, at this
very moment, instead of ovei running the whole
country, and after incurring all the expense attend-
ing further invasive operations, being compelled
to content themselves with what they have at
present ? What prevents the President from taking
by his army now as much as he wants? You can
do nothing more by carrying on the war than you
have already done. I understand the Senator from
Mississippi has said that it is nothing more than
an experiment; and after you have made that ex-
periment, and Mexico will not come to terms, you
can only then take a defensive line.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. My position was,
that holding the interior of Mexico would conduce
to peace; that when deprived of all hope of further
resistance, which could result only from the pres-
ence of a powerful and well-organized army, she
must then give indications of a disposition to treat
stronger than she has heretofore given. They
have heretofore (and I say it without unkindness
to anyone) continually looked to divisions at home
as likely to produce a recall of the army; and they
can be cured of that heresy only by the presence
of an army sufficiently powerful to show the con-
centrated will of this nation. That was the policy
which I recommended. Further than that, I be-
lieve that it would be proper to take a line along the
mountain ridge, which could be easily held, and
that if our jurisdiction were extended over it, the
country behind that line would immediately be-
come quiet—not a line territorial in its nature, be-
yond which we could not conduct our operations,
but from which we could effectually make sorties,
and not restricting us at all from holding other
posts in the interior of Mexico. I will say, in
this connection, thut my remarks the other day, m
relation to the dangers which mijht threaten the
army, were not made in reference to General Scott's
column, which is, I believe, twenty thousand
strong, and no more, though it is constantly rep-
resented as otherwise. That is not that column
which is placed in danger. It is the column of
General Wool, numbering six thousand men, and
holding a series of posts, with a long line of com-
munication, and threatened, as I have been recent-
ly infoimed, with an army of fifteen thousand,
and the militia numbering, as has been stated, fif-
teen thousand, and having immediately on its flank
a valley which could turn out thirty thousand men.
That little army, I thought, was in danger, and I
think it may yet be in danger. Then, again, there
is a smaller force in New Mexico, and a still
smaller one in California. These are the positions
which I wished to reinforce; and hence the neces-
sity of adding new regiments, instead of strength-
ening old ones; not of sending men to Gen. Scott,
but of strengthening other columns, as well as to
hold new posts, and to relieve garrisons. But I
will not longer trespass on the tinfe of the Senator,
and beg his pardon for this interruption.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 understand the Senator from
Mississippi to say, that after we have overrun
Mexico/if she will not sign a treaty of peace, he
then proposes to take a line, to have the better
place to fight from. After he has whipped her,
then he would take a line to fight from. Now,
the Senator seems to anticipate that peace can be
brought about by taking an advantageous position
from which to attack the enemy, arid thus carry
on the war. The Senator's calculations are cer-
tainly different from mine. If we overrun all
Mexico-, and then obtain peace, U is only such a
peace as a conquering nation may dictate to a
people that have passed under the yoke. And if
this do.not make peace, he must then take a line,
not to hold the territory comprised within it, but
as one of the modes of making more effective
sorties upon a prostrate people.
Mr. DAVIS. It is a part of the same plan, and
I would adopt it now.
Mr. BUTLER. I have said, and 1 would say
again, I would much rather take no territory at all,
than consent to carry out the magnificent schemes
entertained by some gentlemen oil this floor. Why
infuse the lifeless blood of a mined Republic into
the healthv veins of this Confederacy? Are you
not tainting your own, by attempting to commu-
nicate life to them? Or, if you do no more, you
can reduce them to a province; and this seems
to be the project of the Senator from Indiana.
When you have it as a province, how will you
govern it? By your armies, by praetors, consuls,
or what kind of magistracy?—who will be respon-
sible for such an office?
Mr. FOOTE. If the Senator will allow me, I
would remark, that in the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Indiana, as I understood, the word
<c province" was stricken out.
Mr. HANNEGAN. Certainly, sir.
Mr. BUTLER. Well, sir, ali seem to antici-
pate that ultimately we should be driven to the
alternative of either taking Mexico as a province,
or of annexing her to this Republic. That must
be the case. Why, what does the President say ?
You must either use your army to overcome and
subjugate Mexico, or for the purpose of giving
support to one of the factions there which is m
favor of peace: that is to say, the United States
must keep an army there until one of the factions
is strong enough to form such a government as to
enable them to go through the forms of negotia-
tion. I have never heard, sir, nor read in any his-
tory, of any people who permitted a foreign army
to give protection to any party into which the
country was divided^ that had survived the protec-
tion itself. Why, any people that will c*ll upon
an army for protection is incapable of self-govern-
ment and unworthy of protection. I know, that
Philip of Macedon, under pious pretexts—ambi-
tious princes make great puppets of piety—con-
trived to have himself invited to take a part in the
sacred war, for the purpose of giving protection to
the weak against the profane and stronger party,
and we all know the lesult. It was the protection
of the wolf to the meek lamb. There n'ever was a
wiser remark, and one that should b.e moie prac-
tically alluded to, than that made by the prophet
Ezekiel to the council of Israel—where a proposi-
tion was discussed whether that harassed people
should place themselves under the protection of
Egypt, as their safest reliance against the power
of Assyria: If you do, you will rest on, not a
weak, but a broken reed, that will cut the hand
that rests upon it. If we make a colony of Alex-
ico, and our army be withdrawn, how long will
she remain in that condition? Such a government
could not stand without the perpetual guarantee of
a standing army; and to undertake to sustain a
portion, or a faction, with a view that they might
sign a league-treaty of peace, it does seem to me,
sir, that it is one of those calculations that will ag-
gravate the evil instead of relieving it. I protest
against the use of the army for any such purpose;
and, as far as my vote goes, it shall never be given
for it. No, sir; let us make a treaty of peace as
soon as we can, before the current of consequences
carry us too far. I do not even hope that any sug-
gestion of mine can lead to such a result. I believe
that these mad schemes, in spite of every warning-
voice, are destined to go on, and that we shall find
ourselves, when they are accomplished, in a worse
condition than anv in which this Republic has ever
been placed. I will but ask, if such be your opinion,
why give the Presidentany troops atall ? Or, if it be
your design to enable him to overcome all Mexico,
give him a sufficient number to accomplish the pur-
pose. But the boast has been, that this Government
has undertaken to accomplish with twelve or fifteen
thousand troops what they should have taken fifty
thousand to accomplish. I think the expedition
to Vera Cruz, to invade Mexico with twelve or
fifteen thousand men, was an inexcusable liberty
which the Government took with human life. It
was realizing, what had been said before, that in
the calculations of American war, human life is
the chiefest of all its elements. Yes, sir, the Gov-
ernment has gone on, and made liberal drafts
upon the patriotism and gallantry of its citizens;
and it is for this reason, if for no other, that I
would be in favor of adding more men. But I
have other reasons. There is a portion of the
volunteers now in the field that ous;ht to be re-
called, and others enlisted in their place. Some of
them were enlisted to serve for one year. The
Government, taking advantage of the circumstance
of their being already in Mexico, induced them to
enter the service for the war. And such has been
the fate of the South Carolina regiment. They had
offered their services for a year. Their pride—-the
regard which they entertained for the honor of
their State, and their obligations to the Constitu-
tion of the United States—induced them to volun-
teer; and they have been drawn on, in the expec-
tation that this war would soon close, to continue
in the service. I am willing:, if for no othei rea-
son than to relieve these volunteers, to send other
troops into the field, with a view to procure their
recall. But the main reason upon which I will
give my vote, if I vote for this bill at all, is on the
ground that I want the experiment made as soon
as possible; the sooner the better for the safety of
the Government. I know that all my suggestions
of moderation will have very little weight; but if
we are to go on with the war, let it be in such a
manner as will lead to its most speedy tei ruina-
tion.
This being the first war of invasion, it is full of
startling suggestions, and should be regarded as
full of admonitory instruction. The Constitution
presupposes that all the supplies for carrying on
the war should be exclusively under the control of
Congress. Yet we are told that in part, and with
fallacious calculations, a large part of the revenue
j to suppoit this war is to be found in the contribu-
! tions to be raised from the enemy's country. By
| a tariff, somewhat legislative in appearance, and by
| military coercion, the Mexican revenues are to be
! directed into the treasury-chest of the army. How
S much will be collected in this manner, js entirely
j a matter of uncertain conjecture. By way of en-
; couragement an to the means of carrying on the
j war, this source of supply is prominently paraded
—rather to hide the public debt, which must be
enormous, than for anything else. But suppose
it could be demonstrated that the army had a
self-supplying revenue—what a commentary would
it be on the futility of the supposed controlling
power of Congress over the military responsibility
of the Executive as the commander-in-chief of the
armies of the republic ! It would place him in the
condition of Chailes the First, who contended for
the right of carrying on war by the arbitrary col-
lection of ship-money, without the advice or con-
trol of Parliament. A general with the ambition
of Ciesar, placcd in such a situation, could, at the
head of a strong army, put his government at de-
