THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 20, 1848.
ject which I should like to notice, but the want of
time urges me to a reluctant conclusion. Though
not satisfied with the manner in which the war
now pending was commenced, I must be allowed
to say, that, from the moment the fiist gun was
fired up to the present time, no man has advocated
the defence of his country more zealously than
myself, and I shall always advocate its defence to
any extent that circumstances may require. I
will stand by the country in glory or in gloom, in
peace or in war. But will the time never come
when we may honorably bury the tomahawk, and
pass round the calumet of peace—when we may
"beat our swords into ploughshares and our
spears into pruning-hooks ?" But, until that pe-
riod shall arrive, let our conduct resemble the em-
blem of our armorial insignia. Let the Caduceus
of Pax always accompany the spear of Mars.
Mexico is, to all intents and purposes, a conquered
nation; her marauding banditti and her guerrilla
parties are our only enemies. Such a foe is un-
worthy the steel of our victorious armies. But
because Mexico is conquered, it does not follow
of necessity that her rights are extinguished,
unless we are prepared to assert that " might is
right," and that "to the victor belong the spoils,"
and that this nation is bound together " by the
cohesive power of public plunder." Who is ready
to endorse such a sentiment? I am not. To con-
demn the folly and the blunders of the Adminis-
tration, is not to oppose the war. Those who
have disapproved of the course of the Chief Ma-
gistrate—and they are not a few, for Whigs and
Democrats have denounced it ab initio—but those
who have done this are denominated aiders and
comforters of the enemy. Now, in the name of all
the gods, upon what meat doth this our Cwsar
feed, that he has grown so great?
"But he Rfands upon a slippery place
Makes nice of 110 vile hold to stay him up."
i hope never to see the day when an Executive
ukase shall bridle the mouths of statesmen, or be-
come the doorkeeper of our lips and the arbiter of
our thoughts. In the land of Washington there is
no anti-war party when defence is necessary.
Blistered be the foul tongue of slander, and scorch-
ed the lying tips of those who would dare utter
such a libel upon the patiiotism and valor of the
American people. The sin of aid and comfort lies
not at the door of the Whig party. They never
furnished Mexico with a general to command her
armies. Nor will they ever blur the escutcheon of
their country's fame, or obstruct the progress of
their country's glory. The valor and the success
of the intrepid Scott and the indomitable Taylor
scorns the allegation of aid and comfort on the
part of the Whigs. The mangled and bleeding
bodies of Butler and Clay, and McKee and Har-
din, and others, declare it false; and the smoking
blood and the bleaching bones of half our fallen
soldiery in heaps upon the plains of Mexico are
enough to crimson with shame the accuser's face.
But a day of reckoning is fast approaching, yea,
even at the door. A few more official blunders, a
few more encroachments upon the sovereignty of
the people, a few more vetoes, and the epitaph of
the present Administration will be written on the
wall,"Weighed in the balanceand found wanting."
Soon shall those who welcomed the coming, speed
the paitmg gust. Soon shall the authors of those
portentous clouds that now lower around our
country s horizon, from the deep anguish of their
troubled bosoms exclaim, "Alas! alas! had we but
served the country with half the zeal that we have
served ourselves, the people would not in our de-
clining years have forsaken us, and left us for all
coming time to care for ourselves." And their
final soliloquy (to be pronounced on the 3d of
March, 1849) will be, Farewell, ,a long, a last
larewell to longing hopes and fond expectations, to
palaces and power. We have touched the highest
point of all our greatness, and now, from the
zenith of our earthly bliss, we fall to rise no more.
Like a bubble on the waves, or a bright exhala-
tion in the evening, we vanish from the gaze of
men, and our names are to be struck from the
catalogue of worthies, and hurried by the relent-
13
less current of universal disapprobation to the
far-off regions of the world's forgetfulness, finally to
sink beneath the obscure eddies of oblivious waters.
Mr. J. was proceeding to give his views in re-
gard to the manner in which the war should be
closed, but was interrupted by the expiration of
his hour.
Mr. ROBINSON said, he would claim the indul-
gence of the committee for a few minutes only, while
he called their attention to two or three points that
had been made in this debate. He did not expect
to follow the poetical gentleman from Georgia,
who had just taken his seat, through the windings
of his remarks for his hour. There were but one
or two topics in the gentleman's speech on which
he should touch. One of them was the recent
charge made against the Executive for withhold-
ing from this House the instructions given to Mr.
Slidell, our late Minister to Mexico. A fresh
charge against the Executive in reference to this
war! And, although he had given this subject
some little attention, he must say, of all the extra-
ordinary issues, of all the extraordinary objections
that had be£n made in reference to this war, this,
it seemed to him, was the most extraordinary, and
had the least foundation. He had not examined
the precedents in relation to this matter; but, the
idea that this House had the right to call upon the
President of the United States to lay before the
world any and all the instructions given to his dip-
lomatic agents pending negotiations, was an idea
so preposterous that there was not a man in the
land but must see at once that it had no foundation
in reason—not one; not a man even who knew
how to be a horse-jockey but must treat it as
ridiculous. Why, if you have a right to demand
the President to make public the instructions to
Mr. Slidell, you have a right to call on him for his
instructions to Mr. Trist; and if you have that
right, you have also the right, in the event of his
appointing commissioners to meet commissioners
of Mexico at some intermediate place, the very
moment they have started, to call upon him for
the instructions given them; which instructions may
be published here, and, sent on the wings of the
wind, may reach Mexico*, and our ultimatum may
be in the hands of the Mexican commissioners be-
fore our commissioners may reach there. Any
man who knows how to sell a do^en of esjgs or a
horse, knows how utterly futile it would then ren-
der the efforts of our agents to obtain any fair or
reasonable terms from Mexico.
A Plenipotentiary'sinstructionsarealways grad-
uated. He is told, if he cannot get this, take that;
here is the least you must accept, but take more if
you can get it. But if the Minister on the other
side is advertised beforehand as to what is the least
you will take, does any suppose he will be stupid
enough to offer you more ? Moreover, in this case
the instructions were given to Mr. Slidell before the
war commenced. He (Mr. R.) apprehended he
was instructed to ask much less then than our Gov-
ernment ought to be willing to accept now, after
Mexico has put us to the enormous sacrifice of
blood and treasure, which has resulted from the
war she wickedly commenced.
But the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
asked, are you tame and craven enough to vote
appropriations for carrying on a war until you
know all the purposes that are to be accomplished
by it? Why, in the name of common sense, what
had the instructions to Mr. Slidell to do with this
war? They were never acted on by Mr. Slidell.
So far from having anything to do with the com-
mencement of this war, they were not submitted
to the Mexican Government at all; for you know
Mr. Slidell was rejected; he was not entertained
as our Minister. His instructions.were unknown
to the Mexican Government, and whatever they
may have been, could have formed on their part
no motive for the war. They would not even hear
any proposition of peace. It was a mere pretext.
A pretext gotten up on the occasion for the pur- ^
pose of justifying some tender-footed gentlemen
who come here from war districts to vote against
supplies.
Ho had not examined the historical precedents
New Series No. 13.
  
in reference to this matter of calling for the instruc-
tions or the correspondence in the hands of the
Executive that may have passed between him and
diplomatic confidential agents. By recollection
alone, however, he could recur to a few historical
facts that, would disclose the impropriety of pub-
lishing to the world these instructions and cor-
respondence pending negotiations. In 1831 or
1832, pending a difficulty between this Govern-
ment and France, the correspondence between Mr.
Rives, who was so fortunate as to bring it to a
conclusion, so far as bringing about a convention
went—the correspondence between that distin-
guished gentleman and the French Government
and his own Government was published; publish-
ed before the French Chambers made the ne-
cessary appropriation of twenty-fiye millions of
francs, stipulated in that convention. What was
the result? They all recollected that Mr. Rives
intimated that ne had overreached the French
Minister in that negotiation; that he had gotten
more than he was authorized to take as bis mini-
mum; and the consequence was that it came
well-nigh defeating the payment of the indemnity
they had stipulated to pay. It well-nigh brought
about a war between this Government and that.
It was true, also, that during the administration of
the venerable gentleman from Massachusetts, there
was a mission got up, and commissioners^ were
started to the Congress of Panama, and, on being
inquired of as to their instructions, he declined to
communicate them, but referred the House to the
Senate, and said he would leave to that body to
communicate or not as they saw lit. That gen-
tleman not only claimed the right, on the part
of the Executive, to withhold instructions, but
he claimed the right to get up a mission without
any authority of law, and then called on Congress
to make appropriation for it. They recollected
the excitement that grew up on that matter. But
it seems to me those who got up this case upon the
Executive were in search mainly of a very differ-
ent affair than 'these instructions to Slidell. They
expected to plow up a mare's nest in reference to
the loudly-clamored but false accusation of a col-
lusion between Santa Anna and Mr. Polk in refer-
ence to his return to Mexico. Mr. Polk, how-
ever, had withheld nothing on this point. Ho
states that the order to Commodore Conner was
given without collusion or correspondence with
Santa Anna or any one else.
So much in reference to that point. He passed
to another—the pretext made by the gentleman
from Georgia, the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Lincoln,] and others, who opposed the war, in
reference to the march of the army from Corpus
Christi to the east bank of the Rio Grande. That
movement, it was alleged, was the cause of tins
war; and the whole opposition to this war, sifted
down, centered in that; and that foundation taken
from them, their whole superstructure fell to the
ground, tie should not go into an argument in
reference to the boundary line between the United
States and Mexico, as to whether the Rio Grande
was the true one or not, or whether Mr. Polk
ought to have taken the army there or not. He
referred the gentleman from Georgia and the gen-
tleman from Illinois to the able speech of the able
Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson,] delivered
the other day in the other wing of this building,
wherein he not only ably and clearly demonstrates
that the Rio Grande is our proper boundary, but
that Mr. Polk gave no just cause of offence in
sending the array there. But there was one point
in the controversy to which he should call their
attention. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Lin-
coln] intimated, in a set of resolutions submitted
by him to this House, that General Taylor, who
was then in command of the army, had intimated
more than once that the army ought.not to have
been marched to the Rio Grande, and inquired of
Mr. Polk upon this subject. Now, he presumed
that that gentleman, and every other gentleman
who had read the political history of the country,
the history of passing events, knew very well
what were the facts. i3ut, at the risk of repeating
what gentlemen knew, that those out of this House
