196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 18,
cratic party ought to be overthrown, and yoa put
in power. Well, so far as this House 155 con-
cerned, you are in power. What have you done?
Have you come forward with a single tangible
proposition? Not one. On the contrary, some of
you have voted one day that the troops ought to be
withdrawn, that the war was " unnecessarily and
unconstitutionally commenced by the President of
the United Stales;'' yet another portion of you
refuse to take this stand. "We ask you to come
forward, in obedience, if you please, to the man-
date erf* Mr. Clay, and declare what you think
ought to be the objects of this war. We do not
deny you the right to make this declaiation;
whether the President is bound to obey it, is an-
other question. Come forward—declare what is
your object. If you go for stopping the war, for
bringing back our troops, say so. The result
cannot be more humiliating to the pride and glory
of the country than it will be to sit still and do
nothing. You are bound, according to your prom-
ises, to do something, and to do it quickly. As
long as you sit here refusing supplies, and voting
that the war was " unnecessarily and unconstitu-
tionally commenced by the President," whatever
may be your motives for such a vote, its effect is
to afford " aid and comfort" to the enemy.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Lincoln] said
this was the first time he had ever ventured to make
such a declaration. That was a very remarkable
statement. He had never ventured to tell the peo-
ple of Springfield district, Illinois, when election-
eering for his seat, that the war was unnecessary
and unconstitutional4, but after he got here he could
■venture to declare it! How many gentlemen were
in alike predicament, who had gotten here without
committing themselves on this question, perhaps
the subsequent events of the session would de-
clare. The country, however, looked to them to
take their position. You must do one of three
things, said Mr. It. You must bring your army
to the Nueces, where you say the line is; you
must take a line m advance of that; or you must
go on and prosecute the war, according to the sug-
gestion of the President of the United States.
Which course you will take you ought to declare,
and declare quickly. If our soldiers in Mexico
are to be withdrawn, and no more supplies are to
be granted, it ought to be known as quickly aw
possible, m order that the Executive may conform
to the emergencies of the question. If it is to be
done, instead of sitting heie day by day and ma-
king charges against the President, you should
come out and declare it boldly before the country,
and acknowledge our disgrace in the face of the
civilized world.
Mr. TUCK then obtained the floor, but gave
way to a motion that the committee rise; which
was agreed to, and
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 18, 1848.
Mr. NILES presented a petition from ft. Stokes,
surviving partner of the firmofStockton & Stokes,
asking compensation for services in carrying the
United States mail; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DIX presented a petition from settlers and
ccoupants on the Tonawanda reservations, asking
to be confirmed in their titles; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. DIX also presented a petition from Edward
Mills, asking to be restored to the rights and bene-
fits of a contract made with the Post Office Depart-
ment for carrying the mail from New York to
Bremen, which contract was transferred without
his assent to the Ocean Steam Navigation Com-
pany; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. YULEE presented a petition from the pro-
fessors of mathematics of the navy, asking an in-
crease of pay; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Navnl Affairs.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented a petition from
David Williamson, asking to be compensated for
the benefits which the Government has derived
from the use of his inventions. -
Mr. HANNEGAN, in presenting this petition,
spoke of the great value of* the machines, and the
advantages which the Government, as well as the
public generally, had derived from these admira-
ble inventions of the petitioner. It was true he
, bad obtained a patent, but the term had expired
t before the petitioner was able to receive any pecu-
niary advantage from it. In the mean time, the
1 machines"had been adopted by the Government,
I and all the leading factories throughout the coun-
| try; and he would further state, that machines for
! steamboats were now manufactured at one-half
! the cost of the labor before their invention. He
j understood that there were above one thousand of
! these machines now in use in Cincinnati, and he
I had been informed that about three hundred were
' in use at the dilfei ent United States ai serials. The
i inventor was now reduced m his circumstances,
. and was well entitled to some compensation for
j the benefits derived from his efforts,
j REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported a bill to amend the
charter of the Provident Association of Clerks;
which was read a first time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Elizabeth Jones and the other children, if any, of
I John Carr; which was read a first time.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of Thompson Hutchin-
son; which was read a first time.
Mr. BALDWIN, from the Committee of Claims,
made an adveise repoit on the petition of Hugh
Munro McLean; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BALDWIN, from the same p committee,
also asked to be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the memorial of John Stanert, and
; that it be referred to the Committee on Pensions,
j RESOLUTIONS.
j On motion of Mr. CASS, it was
Resolved, Tnat the Secreiary of the Department of War
! furnish the Senate with the report and map of the examma-
I tion of New Mexico, made by Lieutenant J. W\ Abort,
| Corps of Topographical Engineer?, attached to the com-
, mand of General Kearny.
Mr. YULEE submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was ordered to be printed:
: Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
: to communicate to the Senate the following statement* •
;i 1st. A statement ot the amount of all revenues received
II through each custom-house, and the moneys expended at
j. each to defray the collection, from the eaihest piacticab'e
period, to June 30, 1847, classifying the leceipts and ex-
■ penditures under different heads, as far as the books of the
department will permit.
I -M A statement of the quantity of land sold, the amount
, received therWoi, how paid, and the expend of collection
in each land district, 1'ioin the eaihest practicable period, to
the 30th of' June, 1647, dividing the e.xpcndituies under the
■, u->ual different head*.
, IM. A j-tatement ot the whole amount of revenue ieeeivc(l
j into the- trcasuiy each year from The eaihest practicable date
i to June SO, 18-17, giving the souice fioin whence the same
j were derived.
j; 4th. A statement of the expenditures of the Government
; I from the eaihe«i practicable time to June30,1847, separating
j| the same under different head? of expenditure, as far as can
j; be done fiom the records.
j; 5th. A statement of the importations and exportations of
■ ! domestic and foreign goods in American and foroiffn vessels
j! to and from each country from the earliest practicable period
!, to 30th June, 1847.
6th. A statement of the tonnage of each district and State,
; and of the losses of vessels, from the earliest practicable
; period to June 30, 1847.
/th. A stntemcntof the American tonnage engaged in for-
I eign tiadc and ui the coasting trade and fisheries,"rind seamen
! employed, and of toreigu tonnage entered and cleared, and
t the number of their crews from'eaeh port and Slate, from
| the earliest practicable period to June 30, 1847.
j 8th. A -statement of the amount of moneys received on
i account of the marine hospital fund m each district and
• State, and the expenditures of the same places from the
same fund, and from anpiopriationv each veur, from the
earliest practicable ppriod to the 30th June, 1847.
; Be it Jurther Resolved, That trie Secretary of the Senate
I cause the said statements to be printed and hound in sepa-
| rate volumes, under direction of the Register of the Treastuy,
j and that five hundred extra copies be printed for the use of
! the Treasury Department, and that —extra copies be print-
! ed and bound, and placed m the Library of Congress for
• the u-e of the members of both Houses and the committees
| thereof.
i Mr. BALDWIN submitted the following reso-
lution, which lies over under the rule:
! Resolve#, That the President of the United .States be re-
| quested to communicate to the Senate any information he
| may possess in regard to the extent anJ value of the public
[ domain, if any, belonging to the Republic of Mexico; and
I a!-o in reaaid to the power of that Republic, under the fun-
| damcntal laws thereof, to cede to any foreign Government,
; whether monarchical or republican, the sovereignty and do-
I mmion over any of the members of that confederacy or the
people thereof.
^ Mr. BAGBT submitted the following, which he
moved to have printed, giving notice at the same
i time that he should call them up at some early
! date for the purpose of having a direct vote on
i them:
1 1. Resolved, That the Constitution of the United States
is a compact between coequal sovereigns, by which they
and each of them delegated certain specified powers to
fmrn a General Government tor the benefit o| all the com-
mon parties to said compact, and such as might become par-
ties to it.
2 Resolved, That the powers not thus delegated by the
parties to said compact to the General Government, nor any
department thereof, remain with the States respectively, or
with the people.
3. Resolved, That the Government of the United States
possessc> no poweib except such as are expressly granted to
it by the Oon>titntion, or such as are necessary and proper
to carry the granted powers into elfect.
4. Resolved, That the power to construct roads, cut ca-
nals, make harbors, or improve tue, navigation of rivers, in
any one or more of the States or Territories of this Union,
is not among the powers expressly granted to the General
Government by the Constitution, nor is the exercise of sncli
a power necessary and proper to carry any of the granted
powets into effect.
5. Resolved, That the power to build piers and docks,,
erect buoys and bght-hour-es, and impio\e the harbois on
the lakes, if it ex^ts at a!!, is not derived ftom die power to
regulate commerce,but from the powei to piovide and main-
tain a navy.
6. Resolved, That the Government of the United States?
does not possess the power to create, originate, ordain, es-
tablish, or carry on commerce between or among th^
States of the Union, but only to regulate such eomrneice as
the States or the people thereof may create, originate, or-
dain. establish, and carry An between or among themselves.
7. Resolved, That any attempt by theGenera! Government,
under any pretext v\ hatever, to constiuct loads, cat canals,
or improve the navigation of any liver within the limits of
any one or more of the States of the Union, or within any
territory, is a palpable violation of the Constitution ; and if
it be within the limits of a State or States-, i-= a direct and
dangeious encroachment oti the rights and sovereignty
thereof."
Mr. BAGBY said that nothing was furtherfrom
his intention than to consume any portion of the
time of the Senate at present in discussing the res-
olutions he had the honor to submit, or any other
pioposition not intended to be followed up by some
act of practical legislation. He had an aversion to
abstractions generally. He could not be mistaken,
however, in supposing that these resolutions re-
lated to and embraced subjects of vast arid moment-
ous importance to the people of theUnited States;
and he should, as soon as the measures for the
continued vigorous prosecution of the war were
disposed of, ask the deliberate action of the Senate
upon them. At present, he moved that they lie
upon the table, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WEBSTER, in pursuance of notice, ob-
tained leave to introduce a bill to make attachments
which are made under process issuing1 from the
courts of the United States conform to the laws
regulating such attachments in the courts of the
States; which was read a first and second time.
The following are the provisions of the bill as it
Be it enacted, Sec., That whenever, upon process institu-
ted in any of the courts of the United States, property has
been or shall be attached to satisfy such judgment as maybe
recovered the plaintiff in such process, and any contin-
gency occurs hy which, according to the laws of a State,
such attachment would be dissolved upon like process pend-
ing in or returnable to the State couits, then such attach-
ment or attachments made upon procc-s issuing from or
pending in the couits of the United States withm euch State
shall be dissolved, the intent or meaning of this act being to
place such attachments m the courts of the States and the
United States upon the same footing.
Mr. WEBSTER. As I stated yesterday, this
bill was before the Senate Inst year and passed
I; without objection. I will state its object, sir, very
i shortly; and if no Senator should object to it now,
i( I hope it will go through the forms of legislation
without being again referred to the committee;
and I wish particularly to draw the attention of the
gentleman who is at the head of the Committee on
"the Judiciary. There are, in the courts of the
New England States, processes called attachments,
which are levied upon the property of the defend-
ant in the suit. Various laws, at different times,
have been passed by the States to palliate what
seems to be the severity and injustice of the old
long-continued modes of practice. By a law pass-
ed in 1194, process in the courts of the United
Statas was made dependent upon processes m State
courts, as they then stood. In thecouise of legis-
lation it has been found quite necessary for the
purposes of justice to alter and modify these pro-
cesses. But the law of Congress does not follow
these modifications, and my object now is to ren-
der the proceedings upon process issued out of the
courts of the United States, conformable to the
practice of the State courts in the same States.
The object is so plain that, without detaining the
Senate further unless some gentleman wishes fur-
ther explanation, I should "fee glad if the bill would
be permitted to be read a third time and passed.
