198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 19,
aid and comfort to the enemy but it should not ij
be forgotten that this House had already appro- ,
priated one million of dollars to supply the wants ;
of the army. Could not this House, then, now .j
take breath and deliberate? Or was it required |
that they should daily appropriate a million of ij
dollars, under the penalty of being deemed " aid- ;!
ers and comforters of the enemy" if they hesitated jj
to yield to such exorbitant demands? He hoped i<
not. He knew not how it was out West; but on j!
listening to the speeches delivered on this floor, by
which there had been so many impeachments of '
the motives not only of the citizens of this coun- ,i
try, but of rhe members of this House, who chose '
to express their own honest and deliberate opin-
ions in relation to this war, and the circumstances !;
by which it w as attended, he could no fail to re- '
member a rule, which was of universal application
in his section of the country, to this effect: that '■
they who were the most ready to impute improper
motives to others, were the most likely to beoper- :
ated upon by corrupt influences themselves. He ;
was satisfied, however, by his knowledge of the
gentleman from Indiana, that this rule was not of
universal application in the western country.
He should now proceed hastily—and more his !
allotted time would not permit—to submit lus
views in relation to the subjects which had been
embraced in the discussion of the message of the
Executive. And, first, he proposed to examine
the remote causes of the Mexican war. It could
not fail to be discovered that the subject of Amer-
ican slavery had attracted the attention of the
whole country, and he proposed, in examining
that part of the subject which relates to the causes
of the Mexican war, to examine the connection
therewith of the subject of American slavery. It
would not be necessary to detain the committee
with a reference at any great length to the acts
which preceded the annexation of Texas; but, in
inquiring into the cause of the present excitement
in relation to the subject of slavery, and the re-
mote causes of the present war, it should be re-
membered, that after Mexico became independent
of Spain, in 1827, she abolished slavery m all the
Mexican dominions. That was in 1829; but, sub-
sequently, the Texans refused to recognize the
Mexican deciee against slavery, and they held
their slaves in opposition to the. laws of Mexico. ;
It became evident that a ciisis must snnu come, and
the battle of San Jacinto was to determine their
right to hold slaves in opposition to the Jaws of
the country of which Texas had formed a part.
The result was well known; and it was also known
that the annexation of Texas to the United States '
soon became the subject of anxious consideration, :
in*which our fellow-citizens all over the Union felt
deeply inteiested, and arrayed themselves on the
one side or the other. To the praise of the Dc- ;
mocracy of the North be it said, and of the New :
Hampshire Democracy m particular, there was a j
strong opposition to that scheme. They spoke out 1
their sentiments in denunciation of it; and, tc^use 1
their own language, it was viewed by them as u a :
scheme black as ink, and as dark as hell." ;
He would not occupy the attention of the com- ;
mittee by reading extiacts from the New England >
newspapers which were entitled to speak for the
Democracy of the Noith. Suffice it to say, that j
they warmly opposed the scheme of annexation; i
but as soon as it became incorporated into the ;
Democratic creed—as soon as it became an article ,
of faith of the Democratic party—the Democracy i
of the Norlh—the Democracy of New Hampshire ■
—were called upon to turn right about. Not to '
turn about without reason, but against reason— ;
against the convictions of their best judgment and -
the promptings of conscience. It had been said \
that this matter had been accomplished by northern !
men with southern pimciples; but to this he would
not subscribe. It whs done by noithern men with
no principles at all—hv that class of men that had
ever been a curse to this country since the organi-
zation of our Government. It was not by southern
men in the North, for such was tiieir confidence m
the North in the soundness of their principles, that
if southern mm had been amongst them, they
would assuredly have been converted in a short
time.
In the investisation of the causcs of the present
excitement on the subject of slavery, for the pur-
pose of understanding the character of this war,
he proposed to read some extracts which he be-
lieved would demount! ate the purpose of Texan
annexation. He would not delay the committee
by reading these extracts, if he were not deeply
impressed with the fact that this was a material
point. Nor should it be forgotten that the men
from whose correspondence he was about to read
were men who, from the position in which they
had been placed, were authorized to speak for the
country, and that their opinions became a part of
the documentary history of the country, and pre-
cedents for ourselves and our posterity in all future
time.
The first extract with which he would trouble
the committee was from a letter written by Mi.
Upshur, the Secretary of State, to Mr. Murphy,
Charge to Texas. It was dated Washington,
August 8, 1843. Speaking of a proposition to
abolish slavery in Texas, Mr. Upshur wrote as
follows:
A movement of this sort cannot be contemplated by us
in silence, Such an attempt upon uny neijihboung country
would noce^aiily be viewer) by this Government with very
deep conccrn; but when it is made upon a nation whose
temtoiie.s join tlie siaveho (hug States of our Union, it
awakens- a stilJ uioie solemn interest It cannot be permit-
ted to MHceed without the nm-t >treniu>us efforts on our
part to aircst a calamity so serious to every pait of our
eotuitiy.
-• !t .-uoh an attempt wcie confined to the ' \bohtionists
of Texas-,' it would scarcely merit giave consideration.
Th- ir numbeis. it is believed, are very small; and tiis state
oi public opinion m that countiy is by no means favorable
to the suecev-. of then enfei prise."
Again:
<£ Eat there is another view of this subject still more im-
portant to u--, and scarcely less important to Texas hei^-df.
The establishment r.i the veiv nmUt ot our shiveholdmg
| States oi an independent Government, foibiddmg the eMst-
| ence of slavery, and by n people born, ior the mo=tput
1 among ih, lenred up in our habit<, and 5-peaUinp our lan-
■ guage, could rot fail to produce the most unhappy tSocts
1 upon both parties. If Texao weic m that condition, her
terntorv would aft Old a ready refuge lor the fugitive slaves
! of Louisiana and Aikansas, and would hoM out to them an
I encouragement to inn away winch no municipal regulation*
1 ot' tho-e Suite- could pot&.bly connieiact. Kven il tins
Government -hou'd inteipo-e foi the ptoteenon of the
' «!a\ eholder. it wool 1 be very difficult &o to arrange the mb-
jecl a-i lo avoid disputes and collisions.. The States imme-
' diatcK ntt"ie-sted would be mo-,t likely to take the subject
1 into their own hands. Tne\ wou.d petcmc that there
; could not be anysecunfy f<n that specie-ot piopeiU,if the
me-ie cro -ins oi a aoograpineai h.ie could give freedom to
the slave: tuev would perceive that the piotection thus
ofteied to the sdave would lemove fiom his mind that dread
oi con e<jueju'r-, which regains- hnn Irom the eomunr-sioii
ot the v. o'-st eiimes : they would ferl that the safety of them-
t-eivs and riieir families was endangered ; they would live
in co innuai uneasiness and alarm, and m the constant e.\-
erc i-e ot a pai ifnl and haiaa-ajig v\ (itch fu hit ss.''
Having read these and some other extracts of
the same character from the same letter, which is
found in Senate document No. 341 of the 1st ses-
; sion of the 28th Congress, he proceeded to read
' also from a letter published m the same document,
I written by Mr. Murphy to Mr. Upshur, on the
j 24th of September, 1843, from Galveston. Mr.
Murphy, after stating that—
" The constitution of'Texns secures to the master the
perpetual risht to hi* slave, and piohibif? the introduction of
: slaves into Texas from any other quarter than the United
! totaled x.'y add*—
: " If the United States preserves and secure? to Texas the
po<5*es-«ion of her constitution and present form of govern-
ment, then we have gained all that we can desire, and also
' all that Texas asks or wishes."
; Again:
[ " Seeing that this surrender of sovereignty by Texas to
1 Mexico at once liberates, all the slaves in T«jxa«, mid that
■ England thereby gains all she wmts, and more than she
I ever exo°cted, can the Government of tht United States
! longer doubt what to do ?"
Mr. Murphy wrote to Mr. Upshur that Erig-
, land desired to procure the abolition of slavery m
Texas. To this fact he begged to call particular
. attention. There was no apprehension of any in-
I; terference from England, except to promote the
j- abolition of slavery. On this subject Mr. Mur-
;; phy says, in his letter of the 23d September, 1843:
;i "England is anxious to get rid of the constitution ofTex-
li as. because it secuies in the most nervous and clearJan-
,i since the nghi" of the master to M-j slave, and it also pro-
i hibit< the introduction of slave-? into Texas from any other
j nation or quarter than the United States/'
I' And in his letter of the 28th September, 1843,
Mr. Upshur says :
i1 " The movements of Great Britain with respect to African
j slavery have at length assumed a chaiacter which demands
ij Jin: scuous attention of this Government. So long as we
jj were permitted to believe that the effort to abolish slavery
{. wa« confined to piivate individuals, actuated by a =ense o"f
j justice or a feeling of philanthropy, we were content to leive
II the issm- to the calm reason of our own people, and the
(j guarantee of our Constitution and laws. As a domestic ques-
1 i tion, the Government does not possess and, it i« piesumed,
it will never attempt to exercise any authority over it. But it
now wears a different aspect, and presents itself in a much
more formidable attitude." * * * *
" The States in which slavery exists would have good
reason to appiehend the worst consequences from-the estab-
lishment of a foreign non-slaveholdmg Stale upon their im-
mediate borders/'
Of Mr. Murphy, and the gentleman to whom he
wrote, he would say but little, as they had both
gone to that bourne from whence there was no re-
turn. He was an ardent and subservient agent to
the prime movers in this matter, and his letters
indicated an obsequiousness to them which would
ally him to our northern doughfaces, as would ap-
pear from the following extract from a letter to
Mr. Upshur, which he wrote in reference to what
lie call ed " growing fanaticism, and the evils it
was likely to bring upon my country:"
The eloquent manner in which you have portrayed those
evils has deepened those impressions; and, added to the
darkshaded picture which von have '*o justly drawn, the
present prospect which England has of poises-nig herself m
part or in whole ot the province ot Tcxa-, givms: her the op-
portunity and advantage to woik her own will in regard to
abolition, I (ed a whirlwind of emotion in my bosom w Inch T
will not attempt to describe. Let the Government of the
United States take some immediate quick step on tin* sub-
ject. You hav« in this conespondenee enough to justify
immediate and prompt action.
" Tardou me if L am solicitous on this subject. I feel the
deep interest at stake. Our whole southern interests are
involved in thi-t negotiation, and with it the interest-* of the
Union itself. The gieat blow to our civil institutions is to
be frtiuek here, aud it will be a fatal blow if not timely ar-
lested."'
This gentleman, it would be seen, was both im-
pulsive and patriotic, but it was a patriotism with
prospective rewards, if such gentlemen were
called to be patriotic when sacrifices were to be
made, the call would be answered by an echo only.
" You may call spirits from the vasty deep," but
will they comeJ No: these gentlemen were patriots
when the temptation was reward. But to proceed:
Mr. Upshur, in his letter of the 22d September,
1843, in which he expresses great anxiety that the,
people of Texas should understand how solicitous
this Government was for her interests, says:
So tar as this U-overnment is concerned, it lias every de-
sire to come to the aid of Texas in the mo&t prompt and ef-
fectual manner. How far we «hnll be supported by the
people, I regret to «av, is somewhat doubtful. There is no
reason to fear that theie will be any difference of opinion
among the people of the slaveholding States ; and there is
a larce number in the non-shiveholdma States with views
sufficiently hbciat to embrace a policy absolutely necessary
; to the salvation ni the t^outh, although, m eoine rc=pects,
objectionable to themselves.
This language was not to be mistaken; but
whether the people of the North could be brought
'to sustain measures such as those indicated, he
• was not prepared to admit. Politicians, whose
sympathies could be influenced by rewards* must
be separated from the people. In relation to that
class of men, that eccentric statesman of Roanoke
was right when, in 1820, he said: " You northern
doughfaces! we have bought you once, and when
we want you, we can buy you again dog-cheap."
It was such men who, a few years ago, elicited
the remark that the Democracy of the North would
stand anything—men who were self-constituted
leaders. The, people, however, in contradistinc-
tion to their small squad of leaders, were faithful
and true, and they will submit to nothing that is
not in accordance wilh the convictions of their con-
science and their best understanding.
Need he go further to prove that the whole
scheme of the annexation of Texas was accom-
plished for the purpose of building up the institu-
tion of slavery ? In this letter Mr.' Upshur says:
"The States in which slavery exists would have §ood
reason to apprehend the worst consequences, from the estab-
lishment of a foreizn non-slavehohh'ng State upon their
immediate border^."
But in his letter to Mr. Everett, of the 28th Sep-
tember, 1843, he says:
" Although the first and most disastrous effects of such a
stare of things would be teit in the slaveholdini; States, they
would extend to and embrace important interests in every
other [«ut ot the country. We rnn-t contemplate it, there-
fore, as a national question, and endeavor to n^certam its
bearing upon the United States-, as such, and upon tlu>sev-
eral portions* of the United States. Jt is- worth; also ot
consideration as a measure of humanity, with reference to
the slaves themselves."
There was no denying then that it was all sla-
very, though Mr. Upshur here thought proper to
claim that humanity to the slave was mixed up
with it. -
Mr. T. said he would, in two remaining ex-
tracts, call the attention of the committee ^to a con-
struction of the Constitution which might well
occasion alarm, not to the North only, but to the
whole country. It was a novelty in constitutional
