1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
201
gal and unconstitutional order of the President of
the United States without the concurrence of Con-
gress.
Sir, I have seen it suggested from the Opposition
that the war, though just and honorable as the re-
sult of annexation as between Mexico and the
United States, yet, as between the different branches
of this Government, there exists a responsibility
with the Executive, peculiar and painful, created
by the rash act of the President in ordering the
troops to the Rio Grande, provoking the state of
active hostilities.
Such a conclusion could only result, sir, from
the struggle of a generous spirit, under the impulse
of patriotism, called to an unwilling association
with the Opposition. Such an assault on the Presi-
dent, like, the broad declaration affirmed by this
House, and already referred to, must be refuted
by a simple review of the history of annexation;
and coming from the Opposition, under all the ex-
isting circumstances, it is even more unwarrant-
able than the abstract denunciation of the illegality
and unconstitutionality of such an order. In re-
pelling this assault upon the wisdom and capacity
of the President in one particular act of adminis-
tration, it must be observed, that even in view of
the act of territorial occupation west of the Nueces,
this advance to the Rio Grande was not made for
months after our armies were posted west of the
Nueces, and for months after Congress had actu-
ally extended American laws and American life
into that territory; nor until months after General
Taylor, who was intrusted with the defence and
protection of Texas, had repeatedly urged and ad-
vised the movement, upon high considerations of
military and political propriety; nor until months
after the organization of the Mexican armies on
the banks of the Rio Grande river, under peremp-
tory orders to cross that river, and seek our peo-
ple at Corpus Christi, or wherever else they might
be found. This movement, made with caution,
with care, in a purely defensive spirit, subordinate
and secondary to the occupation of the country
west of the Nueces, which was made six months
before the advance to the Rio Grande was ordered;
and this movement, which was withheld for
months, at the express command of the President,
that every possible effort to settle differences by
negotiation might be exhausted, is seized upon by
one branch of the Opposition as an illegal and un-
constitutional act, by another as an unwise one,
and by both, as the cause of the war, proximate
or remote.
Sir, one other ground of reproach is relied on by
the Opposition, which is to attach the responsibil-
ity of this war to the President. He is denounced,
sir, for electing the alternative joint resolution for
the admission of the State ©f Texas into the Union,
rather than the resolutions which proposed nego-
tiation. Sir, not to remark that the President's
predecessor had already made the election, let me
only suggest that Congress authorized the election;
and that it savors somewhat of presumption, to
argue now, in the dark, that a different election
would have avoided war. For one, sir, I believe
the alternative election of negotiation would have
lost Texas altogether.
Mr. Chairman, 1 think the war—
1st. In its origin, just, honorable, and necessary,
(1 mean unavoidable.)
2d. I think it is being prosecuted with the avow-
ed object of conquering a peace, which would se-
cure indemnity for the past and security for the
future.
3d. I think indemnity and security may consist
in pecuniary, territorial, or commercial conditions,
altogether or severally.
4th. I think the war-power under our Federal
Constitution omnipotent under the recognized laws
of nations, as established on principles of human-
ity and civilization.
5th. I would inquire how shall this war-power
be exercised in the further prosecution of the ex-
isting war with Mexico.
What, sir, are the facts which develop the ori-
gin and history of this war? In 1836, the Repub-
lic of Texas accomplished a revolution with the
sword—consisting of the people of the department
of Texas, and portions of the people of Tamauli-
pas and Coahuila—who, after driving the Mexi-
can armies beyond the Rio Giande, and at once
organizing a Government, declared that river to be
their western boundary; and, from that time to
the present, maintained complete and undisturbed
possession of the soil west to the Rio Grande; so
far as concerned their intercourse with the United
States and the nations of the earth who had re-
cognized their national independence—England,
France, and other great Powers inclusive. Within
these limits of boundary, they exercised in their
intercourse with these nations all the rights of
sovereignty; and even in their relations with Mex-
ico, actually making peace on the recognition of
such boundaries, stipulating for the withdrawal
of the Mexican armies to the west of the Rio
Grande, and the release of the Mexican command-
er-in-chief, and further maintaining such boundary
against all subsequent efforts of Mexico-to obtain
a permanent footing on that soil from which her
armies had been driven in the war of the revolu-
tion; while the people who continued to inhabit
such territory were recognized as citizens of Tex-
as, tenderingdtheir allegiance, and being represent-
ed in the Congress of Texas, and, I believe, in
the very Convention that accepted our terms of
admission. These acts of sovereignty have been
often referred to in this House. As one act of
such sovereignty, Texas became a State of our
Federal Union, bringing with her the old quarrel
"with Mexico, which, at the time of annexation, was
the Mexican claim to all of Texas; and this quar-
rel, to the extent of war with Mexico, or other
Powers interfering with the "act of annexation,"
I cheerfully assume as the price of Texas.
Sir, observe the conduct of the two Governments
in their intercourse, now that the act of annexation
has transferred this intercourse to the Federal Ad-
ministration ; see the insolence of Mexico and the
forbearance of the United States ; see the declara-
tion of Almonte, withdrawing from our country
on the passage of the act of annexation ; see every
subsequent stage of the controveisy between Mex-
ico and the United States, and every despatch of
every minister, in every change of a changing
Government. The offence was the act of annex-
ation. That act was the act of Congress, and the
occupation of any part of Texas was an offence in
the eyes of Mexico ; but the occupation of any and
every part was the duty of the President, and had
necessarily the concurrence of Congress, in virtue
alone of the original act of annexation, which was
a just, a wise, a constitutional act, and in advance
sanctioned by the will of the people of the United
States, and ratified by the people of a free and
sovereign republic, holding dominion from the
Sabine west to the Rio Grande. See the subse-
quent and subordinate ground of complaint, aris-
ing out of the disputed boundary question—sup-
posing the major offence of annexation reconciled;
and, in this connection, observe the cautious, for-
bearing, conciliating course of the American Exec-
utive, holding the American forces on the extreme
eastern border of the disputed territory until every
effort for a peaceful adjustment of differences seem-
ed hopeless ; and further observe the cautious, de-
fensive policy adopted in occupying and defending
the soil of this new State.
On the other hand, sir, seethe offensive, hostile,
aggressive spirit with which the Mexican army
was ordered to take forcible possession not only of
that territory which, in some collateral issues of
the negotiation, had been styled disputed, but also
of the territory of Texas all the way to the Sabine.
Surrendering then, sir, all the advantage which re-
sults from the acknowledged sovereignty of Texas
to the Rio Grande, and the transfer of that sover-
eignty to the Federal Government, we can afford
to stand upon the issue of opposition, now very nat-
urally adopted by our beaten and desperate enemy,
and acknowledge, for the moment, that Texas, to
the Nueces, was legally and rightfully occupied by
our troops, and that all beyond, to the Rio Grande,
was disputed territory. For, sir, the American
Government took defensive possession, and the
Mexican Government offensive possession of this
territory, contemporaneously—hostilities occur-
ring at a moment when the American general was
ordered to act defensively, and the Mexican to in-
vade and act offensively.
What can be more conclusive to establish the
necessity, the justice, and the obligation of honor,
imposed upon our Government to recognize and
engage in the prosecution of such a war? What
! more conclusive to establish the wisdom and for-
! bearance of the Executive? And yet the Congress
! that recognize^ such a war are branded as voting
i a "falsehood," and the Executive arm is paralyzed
i by the denunciation of a majority of this House—
a denunciation powerless but for insult, since we
hear nothing of impeachment, the only legitimate
fruit of such a denunciation.
^Satisfied, then, sir, that the war is just, honor-
able, and necessary, f desire, in the second place,
to ascertain if it is prosecuted with-an honorable
and intelligent purpose. The war message of
May, 3846, and every subsequent annual message
and special message, have all declared that the war
is prosecuted with the sole object of conquering a
satisfactory peace; and these Executive declara-
tions have been understood to involve the princi-
ple of demanding indemnity, both for the expenses
of the war, and the past injuries and wrongs
inflicted by Mexico upon citizens of the United
States. In view, then, of these two positions, and
the repeated rejection of our peaceful overtures, I
see no course left to this Government, but the con-
tinued prosecution of the. war, until the power that
governs Mexico is subdued; we then dictate our
own terms, and accomplish our avowed purpose
of conquering a peace. I thus distinguish, sir, be-
tween the conquest of pcace and the subjugation
of the power that governs a country, and the subju-
gation or annihilation of the country itself, with all
its institutions and municipal existence.
Here, sir, arises an interesting inquiry. Such
a subjugation of the power that governs Mexico
once accomplished, what indemnity shall be de-
manded? This inquiry must be resolved before
we can wisely apply our war-making power in «the
further prosecution of the war; for, in the enun-
ciation of my third proposition, I have stated, in
terms somewhat comprehensive, the scope of in-
ternational indemnity. J feel constrained, sir, to
pass over, without consideration, the idea of a
simple pecuniary indemnity, or a pecuniary guar-
antee of security for the future in our relations
with Mexico. I distrust, utterly, all expectation
of ever obtaining such. So, sir, in regard to mere
abstract territorial acquisition. I cannot believe
that the mere acquisition of a portion of the Mex-
ican territory, embracing even the valley of the
Rio Grande, to the whole extent of territory com-
prised east of the Sierra Madre, and including New
Mexico and California—which, though somewhat
beyond the recommendation of the President, has
been suggested by very eminent military authority-
would in itself constitute a satisfactory indemnity
for the war alone; much less would such an acqui-
sition, in my judgment, give us security for the
future. Such an acquisition of territory, com-
bined with certain fixed commercial relations, and
the occupation of such points on the seacoast and
in the interior as would ensure their faithful exer-
cise and enjoyment, might, perhaps, satisfy the
just demands and expectations of a wise American
policy. Nothing short of such a result, sir, would
constitute a satisfactory peace, in my judgment.
To accomplish this result, the existing Govern-
ment of Mexico must be absolutely subjugated.
When this crisis is reached, American statesmen,
who may be intrusted with the administration of
Government, in my opinion, will take a yet more
comprehensive view of this question of indemnity;
and, rejecting altogether the idea of territorial ac-
quisition, they would, perhaps, guarantee to the
whole people of Mexico republican government,
civil and religious liberty, equal rights and equal
laws, in their relation of independent several
States, or in any independent confederate relation
they may desire to assume. None of the evils in-
cident, or believed to be incident, to the denation-
alization of Mexico, could then occur; but, like
the other inhabitants of the North American con-
tinent, who have been subjugated by the United
States, they will enjoy that degree of civilization
and independence for which they may be fitted,
and the free and glorious civilization of our people
will press onward until it covers the American
continent. The commercial relations thus secured
with seven or eight millions of people, from whom,
though adjacent in territory, we have been almost
excluded by the prejudices of an eighth or tenth
of the Mexican nation, in alliance with the arts
and intrigues of European traders and mission-
aries, would constitute an ample, a glorious indem-
nity; while the liberated millions of Mexico would
bless the sword of the conqueror, and spurn the
rude despotism of the privileged classes, who now
sport with and oppress them. To this end, sir,
I would myself be wffchng at this-time to prose-
cute the war. The ppwer to declare war, and
make rules for the government of our armies, and
