1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
The CHAIRMAN said he understood the gen-
tleman from Alabama rose to order.
Mr. HOUSTON, (continuing.) I wish to say,
with reference to the declaration of the gentleman
from Mississippi, that I was not a retained coun-
sel 
Mr. TOMPKINS, (who still retained his posi-
tion on the floor.) No ; I said janly by implica-
tion.
, Mr. HOUSTON. That I represent the people
of my district in what I say and do here, and am
not the retained counsel of the President of the Uni-
ted States or anybody else. The gentleman says
it must have been prepared for me. It is true I
knew what subject the message was on—
[Cries of " Order, order!"]
Mr. TOMPKINS. Well, it was a sealed pack-
age*, and the gentleman comes out and declares he
knew what was in it, and nobody on this side of
th.e House knew. So far from repelling anything
which I have stated, the gentleman confirms all the
remarks I have made.
The CHAIRMAN called to order, and repeated
that he would take the liberty of saying, that when
a gentleman was on the floor, and made observa-
tions of a personal character, he felt it his duty at
once to call him to order. If he made misstate-
ments, intentionally or otherwise, (and it could not
be supposed that any gentleman would make them
intentionally,) it was merely a mistake in his argu-
ment.
Mr. TOMPKINS. No; it is not a mistake, if
the Chairman pleases. [A laugh.] I will go on,
nevertheless. Let us turn our attention to the pre-
cedent quoted in the message, and the precedents
of the gentleman who comcs forth as the advocate
—I will not say as the retained counsel, either ex-
press or implied—of the Executive prerogative,
and see whether they fit the case before us.
What (asked Mr. T.) were the precedents?
The message of President Washington, which was
quoted was in relation to the treaty-making power
—a power conferred by the Constitution upon the
President and Senate; and treaty negotiations, as
recognized by the practice of European Govern-
ments for centuries, had peculiarly the feature of
secrecy. But we had lived long enough to know that
in a republican form of government, where there
are not those who are born to govern, where there
are not those who are God's anointed, but where
the people of the country are the true sovereigns,
and where, like the true sovereigns in every coun-
try, they have a right, and it is their duty to know
everything that is going on, they require no pub-
lic servants to keep secrets from them; becausc
that which is concealed is generally disastrous to
the public liberty and their negotiators can alford
to he frank and honest, arid ihey are the only sov-
ereigns in the world who can afford to conduct their
negotiations upon these exalted principles. The
precedents quoted by the gentleman from the dog-
eared book were only precedents affecting the
treaty-making power, and none of them, as he
should presently show, affecting the war power,
01 touching it m anv manner, except incidentally
through the treaty-making power.
It was true, when they looked back to the pre-
cedents from the organization of the Government,
in which the right to maintain secrecy was claim-
ed, they found that they related only to nego-
tiations then pending, and not to negotiations
which had been consummated. What was sov-
ereignty m the hands of the people—the sover-
eignty which reposed in the twenty millions of
heads and hearts of the United States—worth, tf the
public servants of that sovereignty could conceal
from them, after they were completed, any nego-
tiations with foreign republics which might se-
riously alFect their interests at home or abroad? It
was not the species of sovereignty which was ex-
ercised by the people of the United States. Intel-
ligence, honesty, freedom, were the grand charac-
teristics of American sovereignty, and it rested
with all the people. Those who were the mere
public servants, whether executive, ministerial, or
representative, had no right to close the book of
their public transactions against their masters, and
say, this you shall not read; and yet they found
men ready to advocate from dog-eared books the
doctrine that they should be concealed.
That was the character of all the precedents
which had been resorted to; but it would be found
that no solitary precedent in question went to es-
tablish the power in the Executive to say, we will
plunge this people into war; we will waste your
treasure,and pourout the fountains of your blood;
and will never disclose the objects we wish to ac-
complish. And yet the gentleman found a dog-
eared book in which he fancied he found prece-
dents to sustain this Executive prerogative. Pre-
rogative! one of the highest attributes of mon-
archy !
He was going now, in the abscnce of all author-
ity, (because he conceived the gentleman could not
find a dog-eared precedent on that subject in ihe
Government of the United States at all,) to refer to
certain facts which had some bearing on this sub-
ject—not that he had any great respect for the au-
thority which he was now about to resort to. But
he would allude, in opposition to the present posi-
tion of the Executive, to his actions and opinions
when he was Mr. Representative Polk, a member
of this House, and would bring them up against
his action and opinions now that he was Mr.
President Polk—not that they would have any
just weight, but they would serve to show the in-
consistency and insincerity of his opinions now or
then. 'He wanted to invite the attention of the
committee to the history of the Panama mission.
When Mr. President Polk—then Mr. Representa-
tive Polk—was on this floor, that proposition was
brought up, and the discussion upon it excited a
greater degiee of interest than any discussion
which had ever taken place since the organization
of the Government. The debate upon that propo-
sition took a range, assumed a brilliancy and pow-
er, that had perhaps been unsurpassed by the
debate on any other proposition that had ever oc-
cupied the attention of Congress. In that bril-
liancy and power—no, not in that brilliancy and
power, but in the rage of that debate—Mr. Repre-
sentative Polk participated, and "he only quoted
him as an authority for the purpose of testing his
consistency. Now, when the Piesident submitted
to Congiess that proposition, a resolution was
offered by Mr. Hamilton—he believed from South
Carolina—which would be found m House Jour-
nal, 1st session 19th Congress, page 63, and read in
these woids:
" Resolved, That the Piesident of the United States be re-
quested to transmit to this Hou.-e, copies of all document-*,
or parts of cunespondenco [not incompatible with the pub-
he uiteiest to l)c communicated] minting to an invitation
which has been extended to the Government of this couri-
tiy ' by the Republics of Colombia, of Mexico, and Central
4 Amcuea, to join m the dehbeiation-j of a Congress to be
1 held at the Isthmus- ol" Panama,' and which induced luiu
to Mguify ' that ministers on the part of the United States
would be commissioned to join in those deliberations.' "
This resolution was introduced on the 16th of
December, 1825. Now, mark you, when this reso-
lution was fiist submitted, Mr. Hamilton, the
mover, inserted in it these woids, m brackets,
44 not incompatible with the public interest to be
communicated," which clothed the President with
a discretion. It was postponed, and subsequently,
on the 31st day of January, 1826, Mr. Hamilton,
still having the power over his resolution, no vote
having ever been taken upon it, modified it by
striking out these words, 14 not incompatible with
the public interest to be communicated." "Where-
upon Mr. Web&ter moved to amend the said reso-
lution by restoring the words so stricken out. And
on the question, Shall the resolution be so amended?
it passed in the affirmative." This would be found
at page 219 of the same Journal. Then it went
over for a few days more, until the 3d of Februa-
ry, and the proceedings upon it then would be
found on page 217 of the same Journal, thus re-
corded :
" The House resumed the. consideration of the resolution
submitted by Mr. Hamilton on the 16th of December ultimo,
calling on the i'rej-ulerit of the United States lot copies of
the document* and correspond, nee relating to the invitation
given to the United States to send minister* to the Congress
of Panama; and the question recuircd on the motion made
yesterday by Mr. Ingham to icfor the i evolution to a select
committee, with in-tniuions to strike out the-e woids: ' so
tar as in his opinion the public inteiest may allow.'"
The vote was taken on this proposition by yeas
and nays; and among the yeas weie all the oppo-
nents of Mr. Adams's administration. He had
heard it remarked by some since this discussion
sprung up that that venerable gentleman, who,
nurtured amid the scenes of the Revolution, and
I breathing its richest spirit of freedom, had been a
pillar of the Constitution, and a culminating star
m our political firmament, had involved himself
in inconsistency in assailing this message, while
he did not communicate everything to Congress
when he acted in the Executive capacity. But
(holding up the Journal from which he had been
reading) he said, let the gentlemen, the advocates
of the President and his prerogative, range through
thisand the Senate's Journal of the same session,
and they would find that, like a true republican
servant of'the people, Mr. Adams had always
communicated, when called op, everything it was
necessary for the representatives of the peo-ple, or
of the State soveieignties, or the people themselves,
to know. But, among those yeas, what names,
did they suppose stood conspicuous? Polk and.
Hamilton—the mover of the resolution, and the
present Executive. Now, however, he being the
Executive, and being asked for information touch-
ing the war, and not the treaty power—informa-
tion interesting to the people, because it affects not
only their treasure but their blood—he poises him-
self upon theJExecutive prerogative, and with up-
lifted hands and a look of horror, cries, Your call
is unconstitutional, because it is unconditional, and
contravenes my prerogative. It looked a good
deal like Ritchie, who, after making the proposi-
tion to rob the Mexican churches to pay our ex-
penses m the Mexican war, which proposition fell
with a dead stillness upon the American ear, but
presently awoke a general hiss, which Mr. Polk
perceiving, folded about him the cloak of his
Executive prerogative, shook his royal head at
Ritchie : the truckling instrument, with trembling
hands extended towards heaven, swore by the liv-
ing God [a general laugh] that he had never said
any such thing.
The motion of Mr. Ingham so to amend was to
make the call on Mr. Adams absolute and uncon-
ditional. There is Mr. Representative Polk among
them, with the ayes, to make it such ; to rob the
then Executive of all discretion in relation to it;
| to make itacallofthe representatives of the sover-
eignty that could brook no equivocation or evasion
on the part of their servants. I wonder he did not
cite that precedent in his message the other day,
[a laugh,] or dog-ear it for his advocates on this
floor. He found voting with Mr. Polk all the Dem-
ocrats of that day—all those who were the oppo-
nents of Mr. Adams's administration—-all those
who swore at its commencement that 44 it should
be pulled down, though it was as pure as the an-
gels in heaven"—all of them voted to make,this an
absolute, unconditional call. The noes prevailed
then. But when the resolution came uji on its
final passage, 125 voted for it, and 40 against it;
and among those forty, whose name did they sup-
pose was there found ? Mr. Representative Polk's.
He couldn't poke it in the other time; and he
thought he would poke it out now. [A laugh.]
And why did he vote in the negative5 Because it
was not an unconditional, absolute call. And be
it known that Hamilton, the mover of the iesolu-
tion, when they could not stamp the unconditional
character upon it, also voted nay upon its passage.
Mr. T. would dog-ear this for the benefit of the
advocates of Executive prerogative on this floor,
that they might turn to this point and examine it
at their leisure.
But the next time, the question came up on a
proposition to appropriate money. The Senate
having consented to and advised the appointment
of ministers, the next question before the House
was upon an appropriation which was proposed to
be made to cover the expenses of the mission; and
when this was under consideration, this same Mr.
Representative Polk introduced a series of resolu-
tions. It was on the 11th April, 1826, and would
be found on page 426 of the same Journal. This
was the first of the series:
" 1. Resolved, That it is the constitutional right and duty
of the House of Rcpiesentatives, when called onto defray
the expenses of foreign missions, to deliberate on the expe-
diency or inexpediency of such missions, and to deteimine
and act thereon as in their judgment may be most conducive
to the public good."
But now Mr. Polk said that the Representatives
of the people had no right to demand of him inform-
ation, although it might be in connection with the
war-power of the Government—one widely differ-
ent from the treaty-power, and one vested by the
Constitution in the people through their Represent-
atives.
However, Mr. T. would not rest there.
Polk was not a silent actor upon these views of his.
He was not willing that the Journal alone should
speak his sentiments, but he was determined that
the true sovereigns should know what James K.
Polk, the Representative, did not only, but what
he was able.to say by word of mouth upon the
