208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 19;
Oa motion at Mr. ISOWLLV, ordered, under therule,that
the memorial 01 the Legislature ot the State of Missouri,
asking ute donation ot* u e swamp, or submerged land*, de-
stroyed by the eaithquakes of l ll and 1812, and reported
by tae public surveyors as not&uivejafole, by reason ot being
under water, together with uie accompanying documents,
be taken fiotn Cue files in me Clerk's office, and referred to
the Committee on the i'ubhc Lauds. Also, the petition of
MciGiiglu, Brent, and Wood, a kmgcompensation fortiour
destroyed at the town ot Moro, m New Mexico, by the troops
ot Uie United .States in tne conquest ot that place. Also,
the manorial ot the Bloomfioid Convention, in the State of
Mi&souri, asking, in aidoi the legislative memoiial, that the
swamp, o. sutnnergc'd lauds in Missouri, destioyvd by the
earthquakes of lbii and 1612, be donated to the srftate of
Missouri, upon condition of their leclamation. Al>o, the
petition of William W. Giu, asking the extension ot the act
ot ltfio, and acts in iurtherauce thereof, passed tor the bene-
fit ot the sufferers by earthquakes, in the county of New
Madrid, in the State of Missouri. Also, the petition of
Martin Shea, Mary iviug, Totengen fcchubal, Allen Link,
Joseph Pouerfield, and Henry Keeton, a-dung i effectively
for preemption rights to cerium lands which they have re-
spectively occupied and cultivated. Also, the petition of
John Jarrau, asking the confirmation of a land claim m the
fcit-ite ot Missouri. Also, the petition ot John i'y.itt, asking
the confirmation of a land claim m the State ot Missouri.
Also, that the petition and papeis of William Tuplett, ap-
pljingtor tiie continuation ot a land emiy, be taKen lioin
the iiieo of tne Clerk's oitice and reterred to the Committee
on ^nvate Land Claims.
By Mr. BAi'LV: The petition of Lieutenant A. Garland,
of tne marine coips, for compensation lor services rendeied
as a purser on board the tn^ue Brandyvune m 184o'-'-H.
By Mr. CRANSTON : Tiie petition ot the heirs ot Micah
Whitmarsh, tor commutation, &c.
By Mr. ROSE: The petition ot Nathan Beard, praying
Congress to grant a pension. Also, the petition ot Patience
Corbtn, praying to be placed on the pension roll.
By Mr. TWJiBL)* : Tne petition ofcitizens ofMilwaukie,
for an appiopnation on the road trom the seat ot jUaUcc in
Dodge county, Wisconsin Terntoiy, toMilwaukie; also, the
petition ot citizens ot Dod^e county, for the same object,
Heretofore presented January lbtn, ls4o. Also, the petition
of citizens of Wisconsin, for appropriation on the roadfiom
Miivvaukie to Fond du Lac, trom Milwaukit to Wateilown,
and trom Miivvaukie to Hustis liapids, heretofore presented
March 16th, lc>4c>. Also, the petition of WjlhsunM Dennis
arid others, ot Watertown, asking an appropriation on the
road liom MiUvaukie to that place, heretolore presented
March UUt, li>H3. Also, the petition of citizens oi Wiscon-
sin, tor an appropriation of $.">.000 on the toad irom Miivvau-
kie to Madison, heretofoie presented January 20th, 1846.
Also, the petition ot Daniel Wells, jr., and 14o other citizens
ot Milwaukie county, Wisconsin, tor an appropriation on
the road from Miivvaukie to Madison, lieretoiore presented
December 17,1845; also, foui petitions of citizens ot Wiscon-
sin for same object, heretofore presented December 29,1845,
January JO, 184j, Pebi tury 3,1846,and March 4,1846. Also,
the petition of citizens of sliehoygan, tor an appropriation on
the road to Fox river, via Tayehuda, heretofore piesented
January 3Uth, 18-lti. Also, tiie petition of citizens of Wash-
ington county, for an appropriation for the road fjom Saak
liarboi to DeKorra, heretofore pie ented January 2Utn, 1846.
Also, tne pioceedin^s of a meeting at Green .bay, and the
petition of citizens of Brown county, Wisconsin, tor an ap-
propriation to open a road to Copper Harbor, ami other roads
m said Territory, heretofore presented January 28th, 184S.
By Mr. CROWELL: The petition of J. N. Fitch and
others,, citizens of Ashtabula county, Ohio, praying for
peace with Mexico, and lor withdrawing our tioops from
that country. Also, the petition of John B. Lane and others,
citizens of Trumbull, Portage, and Summit counties, for a
tri-weekly niail-route from Warren, in Trumbull county, to
Hudson, m Summit county.
By Mr. SHERRILL : The petition of Benjamin P. Smith,
praying the passage ot a law granting a pension to the peu-
uonei.
By Mi. S. D. HUBBARD: The petition of George Read
and others, ot Deep River, Connecticut, for an alteration of
postage and abolition of the franking puvilege.
By Mr. ROSE: The memorial of citizens of the county of
Ontano, St.itc of New York, on the disease of the potato.
By Mr. MLADK. The petition ot J. T. Roper, Collector
of the Customs at Petersburg, Virginia, for an increase of
salary.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of John H. Bry-
ant, Austin Bryant, Owen Lovejoy, and other citizens of
Bureau county, Illinois, praying the withdrawal ot our
troops from Mexico, and the entire abandonment of the war
against that countiy.
By Mr. STUART, of Michigan: The petition of George
W. Peck and others, citizens ot Michigan, that a mail route
be established from Michigan, m the count) of Ingham, to
Allegan, in the county of Allegan, through Oneida, Chester,
ami Veimontville, in Eaton county, and Hastings, in the
county ot Barry.
By Mr. McCLELLAND : The petition of Stephen Bovv-
erman, of Michigan, praying the House to adopt a legisla-
tive telegraph of his invention, for taking the yeas and navs.
By Mr. Bo WLIN: The petition of Wyatt Richards, ask-
ing to change the location of his bounty land, received for
services during the Jate war with Great*Britain,UN location
falling upon swamp and worthless lands m thu Arkansas
distnet. Also, the petition ofCeorge Maguire, of St. Louis,
Missouri, a&king compensation for his services as Acting
fcupeiintendent of Indian Affairs at St. Louis, lor the time
between the death of General Clark and the appointment of
his successor.
Bv Mr HUNT: The petition of F. F. Backus and other
physicians of Roche-ter,*Nevv York, asking Congress to pass
a law to prevent the tmpoi tation ot spurious and adulterated
medicines. Also, the petition of A. ICclsey and other citi-
zens of Western New York, asking a dtawback ot duty on
Canadian wheat manufactured (for e.xnorr) in the United
Smtfs. Also, the petition of citizen.-; ot Kendall, New York,
piaying to be relieved fiom the present tax on newspapers,
and for the abolition of the tranking privilege.
Ry Mr. EDWARDS: Petitions tiom General S. F. Me-
Cracken and 69 citizens of Fairfield county, Ohio; from '!
Evan Campbell and 8d citizens of Brown county, Ohio; i;
from John Sparks and 63 citizens of Adams county, Ohio, |
residents on the load of the Zanesville and Maysville Com- !-
pany, praying a donation of certaiu public lands for the com- \ j
pletion ot said road. • J i
By Mr. CHAPMAN: The memorial of the Provident |i
Association ot Clerks, lor certain amendments to their char- ;!
terot association.
By Mr. GRliEN: The petition of sundry citizens of
Northeast Missouri, praying tiie establishment ot a mail
route from Alexandria, Missouri, to FortDes Moines, in ttie
State ot Iowa.
By Mr. CilAPMAN: The petition of Horatio Dyer, legal
representative of Cnarles Smith, a captain in the Maryland
line, lor revolutionary services.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of certain mas-
ters of vessels and sailois, for a light-house at Port Wash-
ington, Wisconsin. j
By Mr. ABBOTT: The memorial of Elizabeth Baich and I
32.) others, inhabitants ot Newbury and Newbury pou, Mas-
sacliuocits, earnestly praying Congress and the Executive to :
take, as soon as po.-sible, the necessan steps, by the use of ;
all just and honorable means, tor secuung an immediate and i
permanent peace with iVtexico. i
. By Mr. CROWELL: Tne petition of Eli Odell and other ;
citizens of Trumbull, Portage, and Summit counties, for a >
tri-wcekly mail route trom Warren, Tiumbull county, to ,
Hudson, in Summit county.
By Mi. ROOT: The petition of 300 citizens of Cleveland,
Ohio, praung that the war with Mexico may be tennmaied.
Also, the "petition ot 5200 citizens 01 Litchfield, Ohio, pray-
ing that the slave-trade in the District ot Columbia maj bo
piohibited. Also, tile petition ot 40 citizens ot Elegiin, Ohio,
piaying that the war with Mexico may be terminated.
Mr. TURNER: The memorial and petition of George j
Edmonds, agent ol' the Des Moines Rapids Impiovement j
Compmy, piaying the passage of an act to authorize said j
company to improve the Dcs Moines Rapids, on the Mis- ;
sissippi nver. j
By Mr. ROSE: The petition of Sarah Mandeville, pi ay- j
ing to be placed on the pension roll. j
By Mr. NES: The petition ol Jesse John, Daniel Sheffer, ■
William W. Uaisimer-sly, and J. A. Gaidner, signed by one ;
hundred and hfly-three citizens of the count) ot Adams, in i
the State of Pennsylvania, respectfully pia\ ing that the pro- ,
visions in the act ot Congiessof March J, 1847, requiting ;
postage to be paid on all newspapers ciiculating in the mail j
within thirty miles ot the otheeor publication, and also that j
part of the same act requning the prepayment of three cents i
po&tage on each tiansient newspaper sent m the mail, be |
repealed, and that such other modifications of said act be j
made as shall more eflectually piovide for a uniform system |
of cheap postage on letters, file. j
By Mr. SCHENCK: Tne memorial of sundry citizens of j
Preble county, Ohio, praving for a reduction ot postage on i
small-sized newspapers. I
By Mr. DICKINSON: A petition of P. CarJtn and 8D ]
others, citizens of Hancock county, Ohio, praying Congress j
to leduce and equalize the postage on newspapeis.
By Mr. MANN : The petition of the lieiis ot Neheiniah |
Stokelv, who was a c.-ipt:nn in the revolutionary war, for ;
commutation pay. Also, the petition ot the hens of Robert ;
Laughiin. late of Westmoreland county, l'ennsjivaina,
deceased, piaying conipeiisatiun for pioperty desuoyed
dunngtne icvulutionaiy wai.
By Mr. McIL V AINt;: The memorial of Geoige W. Phil-
lips and others, praying lor a post-route from Penningtun-
ville, Chester couuty,Pennsylvania, to the Buck Tavein, in
Lancaster county.
By Mr. KENNON: The petiuon of John Pettis and 72
other citizens ot Hairison county, Ohio, praying for a pro-
portionate reduction of postage on all newspapers not con-
taining more than 500 square inches m size.
By Mr. POLL.OOK: The petition of legal representatives
of James Green, a soldier of the revclutionaiy war, for a
pension.
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of John Copeiand and 64
other?, citizens of Adams county, in the State of Ohio, pray-
ing for a leduction of postage upon newspapers of small
dimensions.
By Mr. GK.1IVNELL: The petition of John Richardson
and others, ot Boston, asking the repeal ot the law extend-
ing tiie patent granted to William Woodworth, for Ins in-
vention of a machine for planing, &c. Also, the petition of
William Harding, master of the schooner Albatross, tor the
remission of a penalty under the revenue laws.
By Mr. PILLSBURY: The memorial of C. H. Pix, for
payment of rent of buildings occupied by judge of the adrai-
lalty court, 8tc., at Galveston, Texas.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, January 19, 1848.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the War Department, cov-
ering a report from the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, respecting losses sustained by the Seneca
Indians through a late sub-agent, made in compli-
ance with the fourth section of the act of 27th
June, 1846.
Also, from the Treasury Department, in relation
to an accidental clerical omission in the report on
the statement of the finances; which was ordered
to be printed, and appended.
Also, from the War Department, showing the
number of persons employed m the Indian Bureau.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MANGUM presented a petition from Ann
Kelly, widow of Daniel Kelly, gunner in the navy,
praying a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition from the
Philadelphia College of Pharmacy, praying the
adoption of measures to prevent the importation of
spurious drugs, medicines, and chemicals, into the
ports of the United States; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BAG-BY presented additional testimony in
the case of Hugh Wallace Wormley; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented a pe-
tition from William Darby, praying remuneration
for losses sustained m preparing the map of Lou-
isiana, commonly called Melhsh's Map; which was
referred to a select committee of five members.
On motion of Mr. J., the Vice President was
authorized to appoint the committee; and the Vice
President accordingly appointed Messrs. Corwin,
Johnson of Louisiana, Rusk, Foote, and Cass,
to constitute said committee.
i On motion of Mr. NILES, the papers in the
! case of Major Larabee were taken from the files
1 and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
I Mr. NILES said: Mr. President, there is on the
j files of the Senate the petition and accompanying
! papers of Major Charles Larabee, praying for an
j increase of his pension, or for arrears of pension,
i which he thinks he is justly entitled to. I pre-
| sented this petition last session, and then took
[ occasion to make a few remarks on the case, to
j ask the attention of the Committee on Pensions to
it. From want of time, 1 presume, theie was no
action upon it. Injustice to Major Larabee, who
is one of my constituents, I cannot now forbear to
say a few words respecting the merits of this claim,
I and the peculiar hardship of the case of the peti-
' tioner. Major Larabee entered the armjr several
; years before the last war with Great Britain, i be-
i lteve, in the humble rank of a private, or perhaps
| of a sergeant, and by his good conduct, his fidel-
I ity, and his bravery, left the army with the brevet
I rank of a major conferred upon him for his gallant
| and honorable conduct. Before the war began,
I he was engaged in the battle of Tippecanoe, and
i he was in that fierce and bloody fight at Browns-
! town, the very first battle of that war, and in that
| action lost his right arm,, which was so shattered
j that it had to be amputated at the shoulder. But
j though thus wounded and maimed, he continued
1 in the .service, and was actively employed during
i the whole war, and was in other actions, of which
; the battle of Platlsburg was one.
j Soon after the war he left the army, and in 1830
received his pension, commencing m 3827. Being
' but a lieutenant when wounded, he received a pen-
sion as such only, although he sustained the hon-
orable rank of a major when he left the service.
His pension is only twenty-five dollars per month,
a small sum for an officer of the rank of a major,
and wishing to sustain in society the character
belonging to that rank. If his pension was to go
back, as is done in the case of officers of the navy,
there would be a considerable sum due him for
arrears of pension. There were several years
which intervened between the time he left the
army when his pay as an officer ceased, and that
of the commencement of his pension. For this
period, at least, it appears to me, he is justly en-
titled to receive his pension; but this would be in-
adequate relief. It appears to me ihat this is a
proper time to revise our invalid pension laws, as
there are now many who will be claiming relief
under them. There are, I apprehend,defects in our
laws; they will probably require amendment to do
| justice to the numerous meritorious officers and
i soldiers who have been wounded in the present
1 war. It is my opinion, without having particu-
I larly examined this subject, that the present laws
I do not make a sufficient distinction between those
whose disability is such as to wholly deprive
I them of the capacity to support themselves, and
those whose disability is partial, and not essen-
: tial disability for civil employment. In the former
: case, the sacrifice of the wounded olTicei or soldier
' is great; it is, in a pecuniary point of view, alone,
! equal to the value of a man's* services for life. It
! is in reality much more than this, as it is no small
thing to be wounded and lose a limb for life.
' I would not encourage a spirit for wai, or a de-
j sire for military fame and distinction among the
young men of the country; but those who possess
[ this spirit and who hazard their lives, their limbs,
( and their health in the service of their country, I
I would deal justly and liberally with. Without
saying more, I commend this case to the examina-
