210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 19,
which I used was used inadvertently. The term
I intended to use was very different. I meant the
dazzling light of military glory. I was not aware,
until the Senator informed me, that I had used the
word flickering.
Mr. FOOTE. Well, sir, dazzling is the wojd,
then. I am not sure that this helps the case much.
If the glory of arms is dazzling, why then we infer
that there is nothing substantial in it, but it is alto-
gether delusive. Sir, it is not my business to
advocate the claims of military men to high civil
stations on account of their military distinction
alone. Nor shall I seriously interfere in this mat-
ter at all; but whether General Taylor's glory, as
one of the officers in this war, be or be not either
flickering or dazzling—fading into extinction, or
merely delusory—I feel bound to say a few words
in vindication of this commander, against the pecu-
liar advocacy which the Senator from North Caro-
lina has thought proper, on the present occasion,
to originate in his behalf. He asserts that the
movement of General Taylor to the Rio Grande
brought on the war; and he further says that Gen-
eral Taylor is not at all responsible for the move-
ment. Indeed! General Taylor not responsible?
Why, it is'one of his chief glories in the war that
he is responsible. The movement was necessary;
he perceived the necessity of approaching the Rio
Grande—did advance to it—and lo ! the collision
of arms. The whole correspondence of General
Taylor with the Government is of the same im-
port, and is all alike calculated to fix upon him the
chief responsibility of the movement, and secure
to him the glory of having acted with singular
acuteness, energy, and good sense, at this delicate
crisis.
[Here Mr. P. read from various documents, in
maintenance of what he had asserted, and then
proceeded as follows:]
Sir, no man can examine this correspondence
between General Taylor and the Secretary of War,
without being perfectly satisfied of these facts: 1st.
The Administration entirely confided in his judg-
ment and energy, and designed from the first to
endow him with an ample discretion as to his
movements on the southwestern frontier. 2d. That
every movement in the direction of the Rio Grande
was taken, either upon his own judgment, in the
absence of special instructions from Washington,
or in obedience to instructions founded upon his
own previous advice; and 3d. That there was not
one of these movements, from first to last—from ;
the location of his troops on the west bank of the !
Nueces, up to the earliest battle with the enemy— \
which he did not execute with great alacrity, and, 1
as there is good reason to believe, with a full con- !
viction that what he was doing was necessary to
the honor of his country, and to his own personal
fame. And now, when the glorious battles of Palo
Alto, Resaca de la Palma, Monterey, and Buena
Yista have been fought; when General Taylor's
fame and popularity are placed beyond' question,
by his conduct upon those immortal fields of
bloody and perilous strife, I must regard it as one
of the most illiberal, unfair, and, but for the respect
which I bear certain gentlemen here, I would say
unmanly and contemptible efforts 1 have ever heard
of in my life to shuffle him, by sly device and quib-
bling sophistry, out of all the responsibility of
those acts, without which he would never have been,
as he is, his country's pride and the world's admi-
ration. Sir, so decided are my opinions on this
subject, that, as much as I admire General Taylor,
(and I do so as highly as any one in the Republic^
out of the pale of those who are struggling to make
political capital out of his popularity,) so help me
Heaven, if X thought, as I am far ftom doing, that
he would give his sanction, for an instant of time,
to such miserable special pleading as we have heard
here from his professed friends,! should feel com-
pelled to give up entirely my present profound
respect for his character as a man of justice and
magnanimity. I will not believe, sir, that were
General Taylor now in our mid3t, he would fail to
set gentlemen right on this subject; and 1 confi-
dently believe that he would tell them that he would
scorn all popularity or character which was to be
obtained by a resort to technical subterfuges, that
would not be very respectable even in a justice's
court, in a case where the whole matter in contro-
versy only amounted to some fifteen shillings or
less. I am almost tempted to exclaim, in the lan-
guage of Falstaff—
«Call you this baekingyour friends?"
Sir, it seems to me, that in the progress of the
debate which has been going on for some days
past in this body, not a small number of the topics
which have been introduced, and more or less
strenuously urged upon our attention, have either
no legitimate connection with the grave and mo-
mentous question before us, or have been hereto-
fore so repeatedly discussed in legislative halls, and
in popular assemblies, that but little either of profit
or entertainment could be reasonably anticipated
from a renewed examination of them at the present
time. I may be in error, sir; but if I do not egre-
giously mistake the indications of public sentiment
] which are reaching us every hour, there has never
! been more unanimity exhibited in this country
| than is now displaying itself in regard to the origin,
| progress, and future prosecution of the pending
i war with Mexico. Sir, the patriotic citizens of
! this Republic, almost every where,-heartily approve
i the whole course of the Administration thus far in
; the management of this war, and are resolved that
! it shall not languish for want of the necessary sup-
i plies, both of men and money, to ensure its vigor-
i ous prosecution. Thank Heaven, we have not
! yet reached—and* God forbid we should ever
j reach—that sad period in our history as a free peo-
j pie, when a factious combination anywhere will
[ be able to plunge the natal land of Washington and
! Jackson, of Jefferson and Franklin, into that deep
; and irretrievable disgrace which I fear that a few
degenerate sons of heroic sires in different parts of
the Republic have been, for some months past, la-
boring most assiduously to provide for us. Not
yet—nor ever, I trust—are we to realize those
scenes so memorable in Athenian annals, when
Demosthenes, whose fervent and fearless eloquence
shook even the Macedonian despot upon his throne,
felt constrained, by a high sense of patriotic duty,
to launch the arrows of his blasting invective
against certain factious orators of his day; who,
swayed by party feeling or the mad ambition to
rule, or some motive still more inglorious, sought
to get up a party in Athens opposed to timely
measures of defence against the dangerous en-
croachments of Philip. Far from us, and from
our posterity, be that moment of disgrace and des-
peration, when an American Senator shall find it
necessary to the freedom and honor of his country
to denounce any portion of his countrymen in such
language as burst in lightning and in thunder from
the hps of the noblest champion of Grecian liberty,
when he exclaimed—
" But not only is our full conviction of these facts neces-
sary to our safety—not only is if necessary that we should
resolve to take vengeance on Philip by all the opptatiohs of
war,—but it is equally necessary that "we should prosecute,
with, the most determined hatred, those who make harangues
| m his favoi. Let us be strongly convinced how impossible
! it is to vanquish the foreign enemies of the republic, until
we punish her domestic foes—these ministers of Philip.
But I appeal to Jupiter, and all oui other gods, you have
neither power for such an attempt, nor inclination. For to
such excess are jou arrived, either of infatuation or phrensy,
(I am unable to express myself,) that I am frequently
alarmed lest some demon precipitately hurry the republic
to destruction; when, either for the hake of some peisonal
invective or invidious remaik, some malignant lidicule or
tiivial pleasantry, you command those mercenaiies oi Philip
to -peak in your assemblies., and laueh whtm thev are scui-
riiously abusive. Nor is this the severest mischief, however
severe; tor \ou have, at least in part, given up the republic
to their admini&ti ation, and rendered it less dangerous for
them to offer you the most pernicious measures, than for
others to propose that counsel whicn concerns your inter-
ests and honor alone."
No one, Mr. President, who listened to the able
argument of the Senator from Maryland, a few
days since, could have avoided being forciby struck
with the peculiar cogency of that part of it which
was devoted to establishing the important position,
that the pending war with Mexico' is both just and
honorable. Perhaps I should have been still more
impiessed with the views of the Senator from Ma-
ryland, had I not been led, from his high reputa-
tion as a jurist and a statesman, to anticipate such
an effort as would comport with the peculiar dig-
nity of his own chivalrous State, and be not un-
worthy of the successor in this body of the first
of American orators—the illustrious Pinkney. I
fear, though, that the logical artillery of the honor-
able Senator was hardly felt to play with any de-
i cided effect upon the convictions of those most
j proximate to him in this Chamber; among whom,
] if he should, perchance, have effected a conversion
j or two, I shall regard it as matter of special gratu-
I lation. But, whatever fortune the Senator may
I have had in this respect, such an argument as he
I has presented here will certainly not fail to receive
j a just appreciation at the hands of his countrymen;
I and the day can never by possibility arrive when
! he will regret the expression of views at once so
wise and so noble. Long will the t{ star-spangled
banner" of our fathers wave in triumph " over
the land of the free and the home of the brave,
whilst sentiments of lofty patriotism in our national
councils shall attend upon the valorous achieve-
ments of our heroic armies upon the fields of a
just and defensive war.
The speech of the Senator from Maryland, so
far as it was in vindication of the justice and honor
of the war, could scarcely have failed of its intend-
ed effect in any quarter, as it would seem to me,
except where compelled to encounter that great
enemy to truth, against which the venerable Sena-
tor from South Carolina, the other day, so solemn-
ly warned us, and which he was pleased to deno-
minate "pride of opinion." When this pride of
opinion was thus, with something of dramatic em-
phasis, exercised hy thedistmguished Senator from
the noble Palmetto State, I confess that I scarcely
knew precisely what quality of the mental man
might be probably alluded to. But I have since
ascertained, from some who profess to be particu-
larly wise in such matters, that this same pride of
opinion is a morbid condition of the human intel-
lect, brought on, most commonly at least, in un-
derstandings of a certain elevation and expansive
force, by multiplied successes achieved over vigor-
ous opponents in the arena of logical digladia-
tion—that it is a status of moral being very much
disrelished by those who are over-eager to make
proselytes either in religion or politics, and of
which those are apt to complain most dolorously
when they suspect its existence in others, who, m
the impartial judgment of mankind in general, are
most subject to the access of the malady them-
selves. Now, as pride of opinion is commonly
'understood to he precisely 4< antagonistical" to
what is known among practical politicians under
the dread name of inconsistency, (which latter
quality is quite celebrated as a grievous impedi-
ment to high civic advancement,) I am not entire-
ly able to perceive why it might not be permitted
to escape severe criticism on this side of the At-
; lantic, where most of our leading statesmen, un-
j mindful of illustrious examples elsewhere, of the
i formal and pyblic disavowal of opinions once as-
; certained to be clearly erroneous, are every now
and then heard to insist, with an earnestness which
is the customary attendant of perfect sincerity of
- heart, that though it may be quite possible for the
i wondrous magnet to lose more or less of its charac-
| teristic polarity, and for Phoebus himself, some
! of these cold and cloudy days, in a moment of
sudden caprice, perchance, to permit the regular
succession of the seasons to become fatally dis-
turbed, yet that the operative powers of their
minds are not at all subject to the great law of
change which is impressed upon the whole uni-
verse besides, and that they have the happiness
still, in the noon or evening of life, as the case
may be, to entertain the self-same opinions upon
all the public questions which have divided par-
ties in this their day and generation, which they
adopted upon their first entrance into the tangled
and thorny pathways of modern statesmanship.
Mr. President, the learned and able Senator from
Maryland has made it wholly unnecessary that the
Administration now in power should be hereafter
defended against a number of charges growing out
of this Mexican war. Did I not know that the
course of that Senator had not been at all actuated
by a desire to conciliate the political party with
which it is my honor to hold connection, I should
thank him, in the name of those associated with
me, for the seasonable and effectual lehef which
he has thus afforded us, and which his conscience
and patriotism have forced him to afford us, from
the insidious and persevering hostility of an un-
scrupulous press, sustained and encouraged as it
is by a furious band of unblushing demagogues,
who occupy themselves night and day in traducing
the Government of their own country, and in be-
wailing the wrongs and sufferings of those whom
they denominate " our republican brethren in
Mexico." Had a friend of the ruling Adminis-
tration, however elevated in point of character and
energetic in the field of debate, given utterance to
many of the sinking and important truths so etart-
hngly announced by the Senator from Maryland,
there is reason to believe that the work of convic-
tion would have scarcely consummated in the
