212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 19,
encircling them. Had he not administered this
warning, he would have proved himself as faith-
less as those whose treachery he has been censured
for denouncing, I will not pursue this disagreeable
subject further. I am pained at feeling it to be my
duty to refer to it at all. But the denunciations
which have been so lavishly poured forth upon the
head of the President, even in this debate, in con-
nection with this part of his executive conduct, has
rendered it necessary that the whole truth should
at last be told. I hope not to be misunderstood
upon this delicate point; no one is more than my-
self an advocate for the utmost freedom of debate
upon all public questions, consistent with the es-
tablished rules of decorum and a due regard to the
present safety and true honor of this great Repub-
lic. And if any one of the speakers alluded to
can clearly make out the case for himself, that his
country was really in the wrong, and in~danger of
getting more and more in the wrong in regard to
this Mexican war; that his particular interposi-
tion was evidently needed in order to. check the
Government in a career of folly and madness in
which it was fast rushing to destruction, as has
been alleged; and that he did really interpose with
the bona fide intention of rescuing the nation from
infamy and danger, either actual or impending: why
then, he may perchance escape condemnation for
what appears prima facie to be so very censurable..
But wo be to them if they fail in their justificatory
proof on this point; for I tell them, and all of them,
that it were better that they should never have
been born, or that, being born, they should have
died in infancy, or that they should now have a mill-
stone tied about their recreant necks and be cast into
the bottomless sea, than to stand convicted before
the present generation and all posterity of having
joined, in soul and voice, with the enemies of their
country. A distinguished citizen of Kentucky—a
leader of the party opposed to the Administration
—said, in a public speech delivered by him last
summer in the city of Philadelphia, amidst the
acclamations of patriotic thousands, that, " with-
out now inquiring into the origin of the war, (I
quote from memory, and hope not to do injustice,)
it was the duty of every American citizen to give
his head, his heart, and his hand to his country."
The same gentleman, it is said, a short time be-
fore, in New Orleans, had expressed himself as
being in favor of a vigorous prosecution of the
war; spoke fiercely of vindicating the wrong? of j
his countrymen, and actually talked about going '
into battle himself, with the view of slaying a :
Mexican, or at the least taking one prisoner. '
This was all very deliberately and patriotically
said, and contains the strongest rebuke upon the
class of men to whom I have been referring that
could well be imagined. I hope the distinguished
statesman and sage of Ashland has not yet changed
his mind about this matter; the spirit breathed by
that gentleman during the last war, and which broke
in thunder upon a certain son of New England, in
the other wing of this Capitol, for daring to oppose
the then pending war with Great Britain, when he
told him that he polluted the very carpet upon
which he was treading, was the true American
spirit, and is known to have awakened a hearty
response from every hill and valley of the Republic.
Mr. President, I do not feel that I hazard any-
thing in asserting that if the pages of history,
ancient and modern, shall be ransacked, it will be
impossible to find a case precisely analogous to the
one under consideration. In fact, the only attempt
which X have seen made to justify by precedent,
is the case of certain distinguished orators of Great
Britain during our revolutionary war, vindicating
the then colonies 111 Parliament, and struggling to
put an end to a long course of oppression and vio-
lence, in which George the Third and his minis-
ters had involved themselves. The inapplicability
of tliis case to the one under examination is too
obvious to need more than a baie suggestion.
"We were then, or our forefathers were, British
subjects—fellow-subjects of those who defended
us, and who only defended one portion of the
British nation against the wanton aggressions of
another. Now, I have not yet heard any one
assert that Santa Anna, Ampudia, Canales, and
their myrmidons were our fellow-citizens; though
I have certainly often heard Mexico in this debate
called a sister Republic. I suspect, that if gentle-
men will look into this matter specially, they will
find that, passing over the Athenian case alludtd
to, theie is nothing that approximates to the con-
duct which I have been reprehending, in all repub-
lican history, except, perhaps, the single instance
of opposition presented to Hannibal, touching the
war which he' had unauthorizedly and wickedly
commenced with the Roman Republic. For, it
will be recollected that Hannibal had, without
consulting the Carthaginian Senate, by a deliberate
breach of an existing treaty between Carthage and
Rome, suddenly crossed the Iberus, pushed his
vast army through Gaul, and over the Alpine
heights, and precipitated it down upon Italy, al-
most before any one either in Carthage or Rome
knew that he had yet left Spain at all. Well,
Hannibal, after a series of brilliant victories over
the Roman armies opposed to him, despatched his
brother to Carthage, to demand additional supplies
of men and money of the Senate. That brother
is reported by Livy to have thus expressed him-
self: "The nearer their prospect was of finishing
' the war, the more vigorous support of every kind
1 ought to be afforded to Hannibal; for that it was
' carried on at a great distance from home, in the
' heart of the enemy's country. The consumption
' of money and corn was great; and so many en-
' garments, while they ruined the Roman armies,
' had diminished in some degree those of the con-
' queror. It was, therefore, necessary to send a
' reinforcement, and likewise to send money for
' the pay, and corn for the maintenance of the
' troops, who had merited so highly of the Cartha-
I ginian nation."
In this moment of general exultation, it is said
that Hanno, the chief of the faction opposed to
Hannibal, though he knew the war to be unjust
and unauthorized, and was full of anxiety as to its
ultimate consequences to Carthage,acted with great
dignity and composure; nor did he utter a syllable
in opposition until, stung by certain sarcastic reflec-
tions which were cast upon him, he replied briefly
in his own defence, and commenced his speech with
these memorable words: " I should have remain-
' ed silent this day, lest, in a-time of general joy,
II might utter some expression tending to damp
' it." And after denouncing Planmbal and his un-
principled ambition at some length, he finally
refused to vote supplies, expressly on the grountl
that Hannibal, who needed them, "had deluded
his country with groundless hopes." Now, as I
believe that the same accusation cannot be justly
preferred against General Scott in this case, who
avows himself to be in need of the troops proposed
by this lull to be sent to him, I be  leave here to
observe, in addition, that whatever the necessity
was at the time of General Scott's demand for aid,
that necessity may have been greatly enhanced
since he has been directly heard from, inasmuch
as we have just learned that a proposition has been
brought forward lately in the Mexican Congress,
having in view the raising of forty thousand soldiers
for immediate offensive operations. That I do not
misunderstand General Scott's application for addi-
tional troops, will at once be obvious to all who
will examine his letter, an extract of which has
been read here, and runs thus: "Augment the
' army to fifty thousand men, to enable it to occupy
' at the same time nearly all the State capitals and
' the principal cities; to drive guerrillas and other
' robbing parties from the great highways of trade;
'to sei?e into our hands all the revenues of the
' country, internal as well as external, for the sup-
' port of the occupation, and to keep the Central
' Government in motion and alarm, until constrain-
' ed to sue for peace." And now, what say the
Hannos of the American Senate ? Whv, they
fiercely attack the whole arrangement for aus- >
menting the army in Mexico; assert that no more
troops are needed; that General Scott has not actu- |
a'ly requested reinforcements; and indirectly charge !
him with a scheme of annihilating the nationality I
of Mexico, though he expressly speaks of keeping
the Government in motion and alarm, which, both '
among governments and men, I have always heard 1
heretofore to imply vitality and capability of con- :
tinued existence.
Mr. President, I listened to the speech of the '
honorable Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Ci.ay- j
tom,] the other day, with feelings of unmixed sur- i
prise and mortification. The Senator commenced i
by denouncing our claim to territorial indemnity i
at the hands of Mexico as dishonest; and even !
charged us with an attempt to commit the vilest
robbery upon our weak and defenceless neighbor.
Being but a novus hospes within this Hall, I am not i
prepared to say whether such language is in strict 1
accordance with what I hear so much talked about,
in different circles, under the name of Senatorial
usage; but I take leave to say, in reply, that, m
the first place, my mind is not able to perceive the
legal analogy between territorial indemnity obtain-
ed m a just and honorable war—for the recognition
of which, I believe, the distinguished Senator him-
self voted, and also for supplies, both of men and
money, to aid its prosecution—and a lawless
attempt, by putting in bodily fear, to deprive an
innocent and unoffending traveller on the high-
way—which was the case he cited—of his personal
goods and chattels; and secondly, that the impli-
cation of dishonesty against all on this side of the
Chamber, which his words conveyed—if they were
not, indeed, intended to be meaningless—will not,
I fear, be regarded by the public m general as en-
tirely in keeping with the character which I am
glad to learn that the honorable Senator has here-
tofore sustained for courtesy and high-breeding.
Mr. CLAYTON. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to correct him? I think the Senate will
bear me witness that I made no accusation of dis-
honesty against the Senator or his party. The
Senator is entirely mistaken; I made no such
charge.
Mr. FOOTE. The honorable •Senator does not
deny, still, that he brought the charge of robbery
against the whole Democratic party, but says he
intended no accusation of dishonesty. Now, how
he can reconcile the charge of robbery with perfect
honesty of purpose, I leave to him to explain.
Now, it is certain that where I reside, and in
all the neighboring country, highway robbery is
regarded as quite a serious affair, both against law '
and morals, insomuch that it is uniformly pun-
j ished, when the perpetrator is detected and brought
, to justice, by death upon the scaffold. It would
seem, though, that the Senator from Delaware has
been accustomed to quite a different code of ethics,
and that, in his judgment, robbery, or the taking
away of personal goods and chattels, by violence,
from the person of the owner, by putting him in
serious bodily fear, may be in Delaware CI hope
there is some mistake about this matter, though)
j a very creditable, virtuous, and praiseworthy act,
J and the robber himself maybe altogether a decent
and estimable gentleman. I know that Mr. Jef-
; fcrson has charged upon Mr. Hamilton, that ha
entertained the opinion that it was quite possible
for a man to be honest in private life, and yet
practise gross corruption in his public capacity:
but I belong to a class of politicians who believe
that out of the heart of man are all the issues of
life; that no honest and pure-minded man is either
capable of stooping to the perpetration of iniquity
himself, or of giving his sanction Co it in others;
and that corruption in a public man necessarily
implies the existence of private dishonesty. But
the honorable Senator disclaims any design of
being personally offensive to any on this side of
the Chamber; and with this explanation I am
bound to be satisfied. I commend the Senator to
a more circumspect employment, hereafter, of the
terms of declamatory rhetoric.
The Senator from Delaware insists that the
troops proposed to be raised by this bill are not
necessary in Mexico; and, in support of this view,
relates an anecdote relative to General Scott, which,
it strikes trie, was rather amusing in itself, and more
humorously told, than calculated to leflect honor
upon the commander-in-chief, whom I certainly
hold in the most profound estimation. He says,
] that before General Scott went to Mexico at all, in
conversation with friends,here, he said, "Give me
a column of five thousand American troops, and 1
' will take the capital of the enemy, if it rams Mex-
icans for a week." I suspect there must be some
! mistake about this matter, as I have always under-
stood, and have yet reason to believe, that he was
supplied with a much larger force than five thou-
sand men, at his own request; and that all the ad-
ditional troops who have gone to him since have
been sent because he stood in want of them.
Mr. CLAYTON. I wish to sav to the honor-
able Senator that he misunderstands what I said.
. I did not say that General Scott had asserted that
with four or five thousand men he could take the
capital in a week, or within any other specified
time. I did mention this, however—an anecdote,
as the gentleman termed it: I said General Scott
had stated, when speaking of the relative prowess
of Mexicans and bur own countrymen, that he
did believe that with a single granite column—to
