1848. ■
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213
use his own expression—of American Soldiers, he
could whipany Mexican force that could be brought
against him, if1 it should rain Mexicans for a week.
Mr. FOOTE. The Senator from Delaware was
pleased to read from a newspaper an account of
some fifty thousand persons not belonging to the
army proper, mere attendants upofl its movements,
who, he says, are actually about settling in Mexi-
co, and who, with true Yankee enterprise, are
already preparing to establish a railway from Vera
Cruz to the city of the Aztecs, a-nd intend also to
supply the ancient capital of Montezuma with the
blessing of the electric telegraph; and of these
things the Senator most dolorously complains.
Well, indeed I cannot join him in his solemn jere-
miad; on the contrary,! had heard of all these things
before, and had rejoiced over them exceedingly. I
hope that American'enterprise will shortly connect
every city in Mexico by railways, and that the
electric telegraph may speedily supply commercial
communication between every important place of
trade on the Pacific coast, and those parts which
are located on the shores of the Atlantic.
Hesays,that if we send ten additional regiments
there, they will never comc back; the country is
so very delightful, they will never leave it. Indeed,
he says, " If you wish them to return, you will be
cruelly disappointed; it will be like calling spirits
from the vasty deep: they will not come when you
do call them." Well, sir, if they do not come
back, because they shall have bettered their for-
tunes in Mexico, and find that they are more like-
ly to live happily-and prosperously there than in
the United States, I shall certainly not bewail their
new-found felicity; and if the spirits that the wiz-
ard Glendower was wont to call around him had
at any time half as good an excuse for not obeying
his summons, 1 am of opinion that he should have
put up with the loss of their socicty without com-
plaining.
The truth is, that I have suspected for a long
while that Mexico was a sort of earthly paradise;
and I hold in my hand a book, written by a per-
son sustaining very paitieular relations with my-
self, in which T find Mexico described in the most
glowing terms imaginable; and, by way of strength-
ening the suggestions of the Senator from Delaware
as to its desirableness as a country hereafter to be
settled by enterprising men of our ofrn race, I will
read the poetic description of Italy, by Goldsmith,
which the author just alluded to has not hesitated
to apply to Mcxico;
" Whatever fruits in different climes are found,
Tlmt proudly rise, or humbly court the gtound f
Whatcvoi blooms in torrid tnirks appeal,
Whose blight Miccession decks the varied year;
Whatevei >wp«ii salute the northern sky,
With vernal tints that blossom but to die,—
These, here disponing, own the kindred soil,
Norilsk luxuriance fioin the pi,inter's toil;
While rfea-bmn sale- their jjohd \vni2> expand,
To winnow fragrance round the smiling land."
The whole South will doubtless feel particulaily
grateful to the Senator for so seasonably and sol-
emnly warning them against the dangers likely to
arise to their peculiar domestic institutions from
the annexation of Mexico. As the Senator from
Delaware was one of those special friends of the
South who voted for the Wiimot proviso last win-
ter, it cannot be at all doubted that he occupies the
very best possible attitude for assuming the guard-
ianship of our peculiar local concerns. The hon-
orable gentleman will forgive me, though, I trust,
for exclaiming, in the name of one southern State,
iiTimeo Danaos^ et dona ferente.s." With all due
deference to the honorable Senator's judgment
about the matter, sir, I am of opinion that it will
be easy, in the event of any considerable acquisi-
tion of territory from Mexico hereafter, to recon-
cile all the local interests and feelings heretofore
existing on the subject, upon principles which I
may yet state before this session of Congress shall
diaw to a close.
Mr. CLAYTON. I voted for what is commonly
called the Wiimot proviso, as my wish was to de-
feat the appropriation bill to which it was an
amendment, by every means in my power.
Mr. FOOTE. The members of this body will
not fail to recollect the imposing and exultant man-
ner in which the Senator from Delaware paraded
before us, towards the closc of his speech, the cel-
ebrated resolutions of 1803, providing for a re-
seizure of lt the place of deposit, as it was called
at the time, in the island of Orleans, and supplying
the President with an armed force to resist all fu-
ture aggressions on the part of Spain. The reso-
lutions, when amended, it seems, left out the prop-
osition to seize violently " the place of deposit,"
and increased the military force proposed to be
raised from " fifty" to " eighty thousand" "effec-
tive" men; yielding to the President full power,
u whenever he should judge it expedient, to require
of the Executives of the respective States to take
effectual measures to organize, arm, and equip,
according to law, a,nd hold in readiness to march
at a moment's warning,all these eighty thousand
effective militia, "officers included;" and these
resolutions, in their modified form, were enacted
into a law, as I find, in a short time thereafter.
Now, what is the comment of the honorable
Senator from Delaware upon this transaction ?
Why, he says—
«' Did Mr. Jefferson raise an army to march upon and seize
the territory, or to point our cannon into the windows of
Now Orleans, and tliu^ ptovoke a conflict? Did any such
spirit as that which seems to rage here with an unbridled
Any, pervade the deinoeiaey of that day? No, sir—no, sir.
The love ofjustico had not abandoned the American bosom.
The honorofthe Americancharacterwas^till dear to Amer-
ican statesmen. Thomas Jefferson, with his friends, dropped
the proposition of Mr. Ross to seize on the country on the
Mississippi, sent an envoy extraoidinaiy to join Mr. Living-
ston in France, and they negotiated the celebrated treaty of
1-803, by which Louisiana was ceded to this country for'the
sum of fifteen millions of dollars. Negotiation—treatv, (the
Senator continues,) these were the means resorted to by the
democracy of ancient days."
I have several observations to make on this part
of the honorable Senator's speech", any one of
which might, of itself, be deemed decisive; and
first, in the case mentioned, Spain had neither in-
vaded our territory, nor threatened to do so. She
had only refused to permit us to continue in the
enjoyment of a place of deposit for floods or produce,
which our citizens upon the Mississippi and its
tributaries might be inclined to land at any time
upon the island of New Orleans, within her terri-
tory.
"By the treaty of friendship, limits, and navigation of
1795, it had been solemnly agreed that his Catiiolic Majesty
would permit the citizens of the United States, for the space
of three yeais from the date thereof, ' to deposit their mer-
chandises and effects in the pott of New Orleans, and to
export them from thence without pa>ms any other dutvthnn
a fair price for the lure of the stores;' and the King of Spain
furthermore bound himself ' either to continue this permis-
sion, (if he found, dunng the tluee years specified, that it
was not prejudicial to tue interests of Spain,) or, if lie
should not c'ontmue it, then to assign to said citizens of the
United States, on another part of iiie banks of the Missis
sippi, an equivalent establishment.' On the 16th of October,
1802, Juan Ventuia Morales, the Spanish Tntendant of the
Province of Louisiana, issued a decree, which, m violation
of said tieaty of 1795, prohibited the bringing in oi depositing
American merchandise within the limits of the city of New
Orleans; and this decree was issued without assigning the
c equivalent establishment,* mentioned m the treaty, else-
where upon the hanks of the Mississippi. Among the doc-
uments submitted by the President of the United States to
Congress was one from William E. Huhmjs. some time be-
fore appointed vice consul of the United States at New Ot-
leans, two from William C. (\ Claiborne, Governor of the
Mi-sip>ippi Teiritoiy, and a third from James Garrard,
the Governor oi Kentucky. Mi. Hidings announces to the
Governor of the Me-M-sippi Torntorv the fact that the de-
cree of the Spanish Jntendant, already described, had been
posted up in the city of New Oileans on the 18th of Octo-
ber; states that 'the port of New Orleans is «hut against
foreign eomineice, and not against foreign commerce only,
but against the American deposit in this city, No mention
is made,' he says, 'of auy other place appointed for a do-
posit.5 Governor Claiborne's letters, one to tho Spanish
Intendant and the other to Mr. Madison, testify hicli indig-
nation at the faithless conduct of the Spanish Government;
and be says to the Secrctaiy of State : ' This late act, of the
Spanish Government at Orleans has excited considerable
ngilation at Natchez and its vicinity. It has inflicted a se-
vere wound on the agricultural and commercial interests of
this Teiutory, and will prove no less injuiious to the whole
western eountiy.' The Governor of Kentucky, in his com-
munication to the President ot the United States, under
date November 30,1802, says: ''Qie citizens of tins Suite
arc very much a! aimed and agitated; as tins measure of the
Spanish Government will, if not altered, at one blow cut up
the present and future pro^pitv of their best inteiests by
the roots. To you, sir,5 hffeontinues,'they natuially tui'n
iheii eyes, and on your attention to this important subject
their best hopes are fixed.' "
This, then, is the history of the affair. Mr.
Jefferson says, in his annual message of 1803—
anterior, of course, to the introduction of lesolu-
tions by Mr. Ross—" previously,'' (that is to say,
previously to the period of excitement on the sub-
ject,) "a proposition had been authorized to nego-
tiate for the purchase of Louisiana from Spain;"
which proposition was then pending. Spain had
some time before ceded to France the whole coun-
try then called Louisiana, but had not yet relin-
quished actual possession of the same. Whilst
the temporary occupancy existed, the right of de-
posit was discontinued by Spain, which she had
a clear right to do under the treaty of 1795; but
she had failed to "assign the equivalent estab-
lishment," as she was bound to do. This was
hardly just cause for immediate hostilities; yet
Congress authorized the creation of an extensive
military establishment, and gave the fullest dis-
cretion to the President on the whole subject. No
warlike movement, it is true, was immediately
made by Mr. Jefferson. But why? Because he
had then a negotiation pending with Napoleon
(not with Spain at all) for the purchase of the
whole country. The Senator from Delaware will
now easily perceive, doubtless, that there was no
necessity for " pointing ourcannon at the windows
of New Orleans" at all. The honorable Senator
will scarcely now contend that there is really any
analogy between the two cases under review. But
he will allow me to tell him, I trust, in a spirit of
unalloyed kindness, that ,the number of errors
which he has committed in connection with this
affair is really surprising. He appears to think
that Ross's resolutions proposed to " seize on the
country on the Mississippi." "Why, this was not
the case. They only proposed " to take immedi-
ate possession of such place or places in the said
island or adjacent territory as the President might
deem fit and convenient for the purpose of de-
posit." Nothing more. This, the Senator will
see at once, by a reexamination of the resolutions.
And why was this proposed ? Simply because the
original " place of deposit" had been discontinued,
and no equivalent establishment assigned. What
the honorable Senator means by talking about
pointing cannon at windows in New Orleans, I
am not able to divine. He surely does not mean
to cast censure upon the officers m command at
Fort Brown. But it really looks very much like
it. The. Senator will not find it a \ery easy mat-
ter to fix the responsibility of pointing the cannon
at windows in Matamoros upon the President or
Secretary of War ; for I am positively assured
that no precise orders on this particular point ever
emanated from Washington.
But what if I open to the Senator a fact or two
more in regard to Mr. Jefferson and the Demo-
cratic party of that time, in order to enable him to
appreciate the almost Jackson-like energy of that
high-souled Executive? Spain publicly protested
againsc the cession of Louisiana to the United
Skates by France; and her citizens bordering on
Louisiana and Mississippi had committed various
aggressions upon our population.
Mr. Jefferson refers to these acts of violence in
his annual message of 1805, thus:
"Inroads have been recently made into the. territories
of Orleans and the Mississippi. Our citizens have been
seized, and then propei tv plundered in the very ports of the
former, winch had been actually dehveied up hy Spain;
and this by the regular officers and soldiers of that Govern-
ment. I have, therefore, found it necessary at length to
give orders to our troops on that frontier to be in readiness
to protect our citizens, and to repel by arms any similar
aggressions in futuie."
The Senator from Delaware has referred us to
the pure times of Jeffersonian Democracy, and
would have us to understand that Mr. Jefferson
and the Democrats of his time were a particularly
gentle and forbearing body of men, and that they
especially evinced this temper and disposition
towards Spain; and the Senator recommends, in a
very solemn and imposing manner, to us of this
generation, their example and precepts. He seems
particularly struck with Mr. Jefferson's prefer-
ring, in the instance of Louisiana, negotiation to
war—negotiation by which so much valuable ter-
ritory was to be peaceably acquired. I am
charmed to hear that the Senator would have
been a territorial annexationist in 1803, had he
acted then as a politician, and hope that he may
yet abandon the no-territory ground upon which
his party have now pitched their political tents for
the campaign of 1848.
As the Senator from Delaware appears to be so
much enamored of the charms of Jeffersonian De-
mocracy, I will do myself the honor of calling his
attention to the letter of Mr. Jefferson, written in
1807, to our minister, Mr. Bowdoin, in Paris,
which appears to me to be strikingly marked with
the tiue democratic spirit of that period :
"Never did a nation act with more perfidy or injustice
than Spain has constantly practised against us; and if we
have keptoui hands offof her till now, it has been purely out
of respect to France, and fiom the value we set on the triend-
ship of France. Wc expect, therefore, from the friendship
of the Emperor, that he will either compel Spain to do us
justice, or abandon her to us. We ask but one month, to be
in the city of Mexico." "
I imagine that, by this time, the Senator from
