214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 20,
Delaware is setting a little tired of Jeffersoman De- j
mocracy. He will excuse me, though, I hope,
for one more experiment upon his patience. In a
letter written by Mr. Jefferson in 1785, to A. Stew-
art , Esq., he uses the following language: - -
«I learn from an expression in your letter, that the people
of Kentucky think of scpaiating, not only from Virginia,
(in which they are right,) but also from the Confederacy.
1 own I should think this a most calamitous event, and such
a one as every good citizen should set himself against. Our
present federal limits are not tooiavge for good government,
nor will the increase of votes in Congress produce an ill
effect. On the contrary, it will drown the little divisions
still existing there. Our Confederacy must he viewed as
the nest from which all America, North and South, is to
be peopled. We should take care, too, not to thmk it for the
interest of that great continent to press too soon upon Ike
Spaniards. Those countries cannot be in better hands. My
fear is, that they are too feeble to hold them till our popula-
tion can'be sufficiently advanced to gain it from them, pic.c
by piece. The navigation of the Mississippi we must have.
■This is all we are, as yet, ready to receive."
Now, I will tell the Senator, that if he is a Jef-
fersonian Democrat, I am one too; and as such, I
fully believe that our Confederacy " must be view-
ed as the nest from which ail America, North and
South, is to be peopled;''and I am decidedly in
favor, with Mr. Jefferson, of getting fairly and
honestly the whole continent, " piccc by piece."
And this I hold, moreover, to have been the doc-
trine of the Democratic party always heretofore;
and the opposite, or no-territory ground, has been
that of the Federalists of the olden time, and of
their Whig successors since.
The usual hour for adjournment having arrived,
Mr. Foote gave way to a motion to adjourn; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 20, 1848.
After the Journal of yesterday was read—
Mr. BRODHEAD said, he rose for the purpose
of announcing to the House the death of another
of its members. My late friend and colleague,
(continued Mr. B.,) the Hon. John W. Horn-
BEdK, died at Allentown, Pennsylvania, his place
of residence, on the evening of the 16th instant;
and the painful and melancholy duty of making
that fact known to this body has been assigned to
me. Having performed that service, 1 hope I will
be allowed to say a few words in reference to his
life and character.
The late John W. Horxbeck was a native of
New Jersey, and a graduate of Union College, at
Schenectady, New York. His father was a high-
ly honorable, intelligent, and useful physician, and
his whole family distinguished for their many vir-
tues. Shortly after having graduated with great
credit to himself, he removed to Pennsylvania,
commenced and pursued the study of the law, and
in due season was admitted to practice. About
this time, it was my good fortune to form his ac-
quaintance, and to the time of his death continued
to enjoy his friendship. For the last few years,
we labored in the same profession, and frequently
at the same bar. We often trimmed the same
lamp, and read the same books together. I knew
him well, and no one of his numerous friends es-
teemed him more highly. Though of opposite
politics to myself, I can say with truth that his
motives were pure and impulses patriotic.
As a lawyer, he ranked among the best in his
profession. His merits more than equalled his
pretensions. To be and not seem, was one of the
rules upon which he always acted. He appeared
to know that it was only by virtue that he could
arrive at honor. His, too, was a chaste ambition,
which is said to be but a spark too much of heav-
enly fire.
So largely did he enjoy the confidence of his
fellow-citizens, that he was elected a member of
the present Congress in that large, intelligent, and
patriotic district, composed of the counties of
Lehigh and Bucks. But, shortly after his elec-
tion, his friends began to fear that his health was
permanently impaired, and soon discovered that
that fatal, though deceptive disease, consump-
tion, was upon him. He continned, however, to
discharge the duties which his profession devolved
upon him, and came here at the opening of the
session to take his place in this great arena of
national concerns. He only had strength enough
to assist in the organization of the House, and
about ten days since sought his home to meet his
fate in the midst of his family and friends, and to
have the consoling presence of the partner of his
bosom irr his dying hour. His wife, his devoted
wife and children, have lost a kind husband and
father, and the country an intelligent and patriotic
Representative.
1 offer the following resolutions :
Resolved, That tins B.m^e has heaid with deep regret the
announcement of the death of the Hon. John W. Horn-
beck, Jate a member ot the present Congress, who died at.
his residence, in Allentown, Pennsylvania, on the evening
of the 16th instant, and that the members will testify their
respect ior the memory of the deceased, by wearing the
usual badge ot mourning for thirty days.
Resolved, That the Cleik of the House be directed to com-
municate a copy of these pioceedmgs to the family of the
de< eased; and tbat, as a further mark of re-pect for the
ineinoiy of the deceased, this iloucedo now adjourn.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 20, 1848.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Navy Department,
containing a report from the acting Commissioner
of Pensions, showing the number of claims on the
navy pension fund rejected during the last year.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a petition from
David H. Leeper, praying confirmation of a title
to a New Madrid location; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition from
citizens of Greene county, Pennsylvania, praying
the establishmentof a mail route from Greensboro'
to Taylor's store, in said county; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented a petition from
Robert Piatt, praying compensation for his ser-
vices as deputy Commissary of Purchases in the
last war with Great Britain; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. H. also presented a memorial of Robert
Piatt, legal representative of Daniel Piatt, piaying
for a balance of seven yeais' half pay; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. BREESE presented a petition from the
heirs of Robert Morrison, praying for confirma-
tion of their title to a tract of land; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. B. also presented a petition from the heirs
of Josiah Bleakley, praying confirmation of their
title to a tract of land; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. PEARCE presented a petition from James
C. Wilson, clerk in the War Department, praying
an incieaseof compensation; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented a petition from G.
Edmunds, jr., for himself and the Des Moines
Rapids Improvement Company, praying the as-
sent of Congress to the making a canal round the
Des Moines rapids, in the Mississippi river; which
was referied to the Committee on Commerce.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill for the rehef of Samuel W.
Bell, late of the Cherokee nation ; which was
read a first time.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, reported a bill to increase
the efficiency of the army by a retired list for dis-
abled officers; which was read a first time.
Mr. DAVIS, from the same committee, also
asked to be discharged from the. further considera-
tion of the petition of Eugene Van Ness and John
M. Brush, executors of Nehemiah Brush, and that
it he referred to the Comngjuee of Claims.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee of
Claims, made an adverse report on the petition of
David Whelpley.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill supplemental
to an act entitled " An act to provide for the trans-
portation of the mail between the United States
and foreign countries, and for other purposes;"
which was read a first time.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. BERRIEN submitted the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the President of the United States he re-
quested to furnish to the Senate copies of the letters, reports,
or other communications which are leferred to in the letter
of General Zachaiy Taylor, dated at Now Orleans, Juiy 20,
1845, and addressed to the Secretary of War, and which ar&
referred to as containing the views of General Taylor, pre-
viously communicated, in regard to the line proper to be
occupied at that lime by the troops of the United States.
Mr. CALHOUN suggested as a modification—
" And any similar communication ftom any officers of tb#
army on the same subject, unless he be of opinion that a
communication of the same be inconsistent with the public
interests."
Mr. BERRIEN accepted the modification, and
the resolution, as modified, lies over under the
rule.
Mr. HANNEGAN submitted the following res-
olution, which was ordered to be printed :
Resolved, That a select committee be appointed to inquire
whether it may be necessary to adopt any measuies for the
future construction and pieservation of the monuments to
the memory of decea-ed members of the Senate, and alsry
under what circumstances monuments have been so erected
and may hereafter be eiected.
Mr. DICKINSON submitted the following res-
olution, which lies over under the rule:
Resolved, That Jesse E. Dow be admitted to a seat in the
reporter's gallery, from which he was excluded by an orde-f
of the Senate of March 16, 1846.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
By Mr. ATHERTON: A bill supplemental to
an act entitled "An act to provide for the better or-
ganization of the treasury, and for the collection,
safe-keeping, tiansfer, and disbursement of the
public revenue."
By Mr. DOUGLAS: A bill granting to the
State of Illinois the right of way and a donation of
public land for making a railroad connecting the
Upper and Lower Mississippi with the chain of
the northern lakes at Chicago.
INSTRUCTIONS TO GENERAL SCOTT.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Maxgum, came up for consideration:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform the Senate whether the general orders
No. U76, issued by General Scott at headquarters, Mexico?
bearing date 16th December last, were issued upon instiuc-
ttons fxom the Seeretaiv of War; ajid if so, to lay such in-
ductions befoie the Senate; and, also, any opimon of
General Scott m regard to the necessary military means to
carry said instructions into effect which may be on file.
Mr. CASS inquired whether the usual clause
referring the disclosure to the Executive discretion
was contained in the resolution; and if not, he
suggested that it should be there. He also sug-
gested that the addition made by the Senator from
South Carolina, of requiring the reports of all the
officers of the army, extended the scope of this
inquiry far beyond that designed by the Senator
fron^ North Carolina. He suggested whether it
would not be better to let the resolution lie over
till to-morrow, till the effect of the addition to the
resolution should be ascertained.
Mr. MANGUM. I am extremely unfortunate,
sir. I cannot please the gentleman in any way.
The resolution which I presented the other day
was drawn, as T then stated, with a due regard to
that official decorum which has always been ob-
served towards the Chief Magistrate of the United
States. I proposed to insert the usual quahfica-
I tion, u if in his opinion the same may be communi-
i cated consistently with the public interests." It was
| objected to. I afterwards inserted an amendment,
■ that the resolution might be answered either confi-
! dentially or otherwise. That necessarily excluded
i the latter clause; because I suppose the principle
| will not be affirmed here, particularly ivhen sitting
I in another capacity, that anything that is necessary
! t® enlighten us in regard to any matter pending
] before us which may be in the possession of the
Executive—which can be taken by us confiden-
tially only, if the Executive chooses to give it to
us in that way—is not a part of Executive busi-
ness, which we are as much entitled to as the Ex-
ecutive himself. I say, too, that as legislators, we
ought, unless there is some particular reason which
makes it improper that it should be communicated
to the public, to be putin possession of the fullest
information. However, in this respect, I endea-
vored to restrict the call for the communication
which might be covered by the resolution, and
simply asked to be informed if an order had been
issued from the Executive or War Department to
the General commanding in chief in Mexico, di-
recting him to overrun all Mexico; if instructions
to that effect had emanated from the War Depart-
ment, or from the Executive Department; and if
so, we desire to see those instructions simply as to
that point, and restricted to that point. If there
