1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOJJE.
215
are other matters of a general character "wrhich it
may be deemed improper to give to the public, let
the information be confined to that point solely. I
do not desire to have the information in all the
ramifications into which it may be pursued, but
simply in regard to this point.
The point is this: -Did an order to the General-
in-chief issue from the Executive or War Depart-
ment, directing him to cover the whole of Mexico,
or to take possession of all the strong points ? If
this be the case, then I desire to know the opinion
of the General-in-chief in regard to the extent of
the military means necessary to effect that object.
It is particularly, vastly important, in regard to
these thirty regiments that are asked for in addi-
tion to the military force already authorized by
law. And, sir, who are the best judges of the
extent of the military means necessary in any of
these military movements ? General Taylor an,d
General "Wool, on one line of our defences, are un-
questionably much higher authority than can be
derived from any other source, either in this coun-
try or out of it. In regard to the other division of
our forces, sir—those m the city of Mexico and
on the line between that city and Vera Cruz—
where is there authority to be found higher than
that of General Scott? There is none, sir; and I
believe the inclination of General Scott is to ask
ample means for the accomplishment of the object
which he seeks to attain. I think, sir, that he
will not risk the safety of his army, nor will he
risk his exalted military reputation, in embarking
upon fin enterprise without the means which will
enable him to accomplish what he undertakes. I
therefore take it for granted that he asks for the
amplest means; and if the means asked for by him
will not amount to so much as the thirty regiments,
I think it will be an unanswerable argumentagainst
the application of the Secretary of War for these
regiments.
Sir, I desire to extract nothing that ought to be
withheld. I desire to ask for nothing that will
embarrass the Executive, or in any way compli-
cate our relations with Mexico. There is no such
purpose. I desire two objects, which must be
apparent to the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. I desire first to know
the scope and extent of the Executive purposes on
this subject; I have a right to know them, and the
country has, a right to know them; and after having
ascertained the extent and soope of the Executive
purposes, I desire to ascertain the extent of the
means necessary to accomplish those purposes.
Knowing these things, there will not be much dif-
ficulty in forming a decision as to the course which
we ought to take when we come to vote upon the
bills which are presented to us for increasing the
forces. I feel very sure that there is an over-
sensibility—a sort of tender-footedness, if I may
use such an expression—in regard to marching up
to the point, and conveying direct information, on
the part of the honorable chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs—I mean it in no offensive
sense—a sort of skittishness, sir, which is not, I
think, what we have a right to expect. If the
gentleman desires to make the resolution entirely
decorous by adding the ordinary clause of qualifi-
cation, a proposition of that sort will be acceded
to with great pleasure on my part.
Sir, I have not seen within the halls of one or
the.other of these Houses of Congress for many
years anything even approaching to such a degree
of sensibility as seems now to be felt by the hon-
orable chairman of the Military Committee, as if
we were to sit here with resolutions on our table
asking only for that which already belongs to his-
tory, and the communication of which might be
regarded very much as a matter of course, with-
out adopting them. Is it intended that we shall
not have the information which will enable us to
act understanding^ ? 1 hope not, sir, for the sake
of the spirit of our institutions; for the sake of
this Executive's sense of right, I hope it may not
be even implied that no decent investigation shall
be permitted, that no light shall be afforded us.
Mr. CASS. I disclaim entirely any tenderness
on this side of the Chamber with regard to ail ex-
amination of the policy of the Administration in
the prosecution of this war. The tenderness which
we feel has reference to the rights of the country.
We do not wish any information to go out from
the departments which would be useful to the
enemy. That is the only motive which influences
us. We are perfectly willing, and I, for one, am
anxious, that every proper information should be
spread before both Houses of Congress; but, as I
said the other day, and beg to repeat now, the
honorable Senator must be himself aware that
there are many things which a wise and discreet
Government will not disclose in the face of the
enemy.
Mr. MAN GUM. (in his seat.) We do not
want that.
Mr. CASS. If we are " tender-footed," then,
it is for the country. But the honorable Senator
says that he desires this informatign for two pur-
poses : first, in order to ascertain the objects of
the Executive; and second, the opinions of the
generals in command. I hope that the Executive
will communicate fully to the Senate and to the
House the whole objects it has in view. I hope
that the Executive will say, in so many words,
that its object is, in any circumstances, to conquer
Mexico.
Mr. MANGUM, (in his seat.) To conquer
Mexico?
Mr. CASS. I repeat, to conquer Mexico.
Several Senators. The whole?
Mr. CASS. The whole, but not to hold it all.
To conquer Mexican injustice—to conquer Mex-
ico until she seek a fair and honorable peace; and
I hope that the Executive will carry on its opera-
tions in every part of the Mexican country till
that object be accomplished. If I know my coun-
trymen, they will sustain the President in doing
so. That I take to be his purpose, and the man-
ner of obtaining that object must be determined
by the Executive in consultation with military
men who understood the country and the situation
of the Mexican Government. I do not profess
myself to know the country, and do not speak ex
cathedra on the subject. I believe it would be
proper to communicate all important facts relating
to the general operations of the campaign, with-
holding those which relate to the numbers, mate-
rial, and destination of the troops, with other in-
formation which might be useful to the Mexican
Government. With this exception, I believe that
everything else had better be laid before Congress
and the public. I do not believe the Executive
has any secrets to withhold. I have no doubt
that General Scott acted under full instructions
from the Government, though I do not know the
faet. I do not doubt it, because no commanding
general, in the circumstances in which he was
placed, would so act without the instruction—ex-
pressed or implied—of this'Government. And the
order he issued is just such an order as, in the
existing stateof things, an American general should
have issued. These are to go forth to the army
and the enemy, and are to be followed by prompt
and vigorous execution. With these impressions,
if the honorable Senator from North Carolina will
permit a clause to be inserted in his resolution al-
lowing the exercise of Executive discretion in this
case, in order to withhold such information, if any
there be, as might be useful to the enemy, I would
vote for his motion.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not know, sir, that
during the whole period of my service here I have
ever witnessed more jealousy with regard to calls
for information than has been exhibited on the
present occasion. The Senator who has just takerf
his seat does not believe that the Executive has a
single secret in relation to this war that he desires
to withhold, and yet he is signalized by the con-
tinual opposition which he makes to every appeal
to that department of the Government for inform-
ation. That Senator may well be a little sensitive
under the application of the term "tender-footed"
upon this subject; for, certainly, he has manifested
a high degree of readiness upon all occasions to
question and scrutinize very closely any and every
resolution offered merely for the purpose of in-
quiry and information. Now, why is this ? Here
is a great subject upon which we are legislating—
a question of peace and war—of raising armies;
and, when we ask the opinion of our military offi-
cers, who are engaged in the war and are acquaint-
ed with the country in which the war is carried
on, on this great question, it is treated as though
it were a State secret, and we are not permitted to
appeal to the Executive Department for informa-
tion, or communications received from these offi-
cers. This is most strange and unaccountable.
We are subjected to a sort of trial by the ordeal
here, and made to walk blindfold over burning
red-hot iron. We want light to guide us. W^e
want all the information that the Government pos-
sesses; and are we not entitled to it? Talk about
secrets, and the importance of keeping secrets!
Sir, this has a very diplomatic sound; thejre is a
tinkling of wisdoin in this sort of governmental
art of keeping secrets ! We are to ca^ry on war
by keeping secrets ! No, sir. The world has long
since come to regard secrets according to their true
value. There are no secrets but those not worth
keeping in this world, and the whole idea of keep-
ing secrets is a sort of mystery with which little
Governments surround themselves for the purpose
of obtaining a coloring—a complexional dignity.
There is no worth in them.
The people—Congress—have a right to know
everything concerning the projects of the Govern-
ment and the purposes of this war—everything
of the least importance. You may keep secret
things of no consequence. If you employ an agent,
or a spy, or a mercenary, keen his name secret, in
God's, name, if you have such a one in your em-
ploy; but if the information relates to public affairs
—to anything which interests the people of the
United States in any public political aspect and
point of view, they have a right to know it. They
have set up no department of this Government for
the purpose of keeping knowledge, wisdom, and
information a secret from them'. I know there arfe
limits prescribed by prudence, and all will recog-
ni|p them when a case is made out. But this is
the stereotyped argument employed on every ap-
plication for information: "Oh! there are some
things which every Government must keep secret,"
and therefore the Government must keep every-
thing secret 1 The gentleman is willing to enlighten
us with his information, but he does not want
to enlighten the Mexicans. What an argument!
Enlighten the Mexicans—give information to our
enemies—when we ourselves are walking in dark-
ness here, not knowing what our own functionaries
think we ougftt to do! To refuse to give it to us,
and say that they refuse it out of kindness and
charity to us, lest it should operate as information
to the Mexicans, when the very gentleman who
makes use of this argument proclaims that he
wants it distinctly understood that he is for con-
quering Mexico. What other secrets can you
have ? What secret will the gentleman pretend to
have? Does our success depend upon secrets? Is
that the way to carry on the war, or to facilitate
the prosecution of the war ? Our enemies have
learned by this time that we are strong-handed
enough to work our pleasure, be it what it may.
The general orders issued in the heart of Mexico
tell them that we intend to take and occupy San
Luis Potosi; that we intend to take possession of
Zacatecas; and that, if that phantom of a Govern-
ment is allowed to sit longer at Gtueretaro, it is
simply by our toleration of it. What is the secret?
That you intend to go by this or that road ? Where
is the mighty secret in that ? or where is the secrecy
in saying that you were to take possession of their
cross-roads in Mexico, which the gentleman seems
to think so exceedingly important to the success
of your military operations ? He himself has given
the Mexicans all information about it. They have
all the information that he has been pleased to
communicate to us. But what has General Scott
or General Taylor communicated to our own Gov-
ernment as to the most proper course to be pur-
sued? That is what we want to know? It is all
idle to talk of keeping secrets lest Mexico should
know them.
The gentleman from Michigan is, I think, making
considerable progress on this subject. I understood
him to say, when the resolutions of the Senator
from South Carolina against destroying the nation-
ality of Mexico were before the Senate, that they
presented a proposition with which every one must
agree. The other day he thought we might swal-
low Mexico whole and not be the worse for it.
Now he says, and wishes it distinctly to be under-
stood, that he goes for the conquest—the entire,
total conquest of Mexico. I think, then, that he
is making some progress. He tells us what we
are to do with Mexico—swallow her, as he said,
whole! That would, I think, make us a very mis-
shapen sort of Republic, if we could perform that
operation. But we are now "warring for peace.
Well, Mr. President, it seems to me that we have,
as I said, already conquered Mexico. Where is
her army' Where her treasure ? Where any of
the material of war with which she could contend
against us? She is powerless and disarmed, and
