1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
217
a matter of private confidence would he as satis-
factory as any testimony; but, as he will perceive,
that is not the question now. We have a right to
the official information, that our constituents may
see and read it; and that it may go to them, not in
the unauthenticated fofm of verbal communication
here, but in the authentic form of a Government
document. He knows and perceives this; and I
ask again, with great deference to the honorable
Senator, and without detracting, or intending to
detract, from his just and deservedly eminent sta-
tion here and in the country at large, why is it
that the secrets so important to be kept should be
communicated Ao him, standing on the same foot-
ing with us, but withheld as sacred from us? 'Is
- there to be a chosen body of enlightened legislators
here, and another body who at their peril are to
follow them without information and in darkness?
Will the gentleman contend for that, and does not
he see that to this his argument leads? He is fur-
nished with information, and any other Senator
may be furnished with information, and he is to
deal it out to the Senate according to the exigency
of the case; and his knowledge of that portion of
light, or of twilight, is to ensure their concurrence
in the measure proposed? There is to be a great
distinction of light and knowledge; and when we
ask for more, we are told it may be mischievous,
and may get to those to whom we do not wish to
give information ! This argument is of universal
application. It applies equally to your call for
useful information as to any other. To every in-
quiry you will have the reply: " Secrets! secrets!
Government secrets! All nations must have se-
crets; you cannot expect us to give you the secrets!
There is an impenetrable region into which the
curiosity of the profane must not seek to enter!"
This is, I must say, a novel doctrine and a new
sort of argument—a new sort of application alto-
gether of a principle acknowledged by all in its
proper place, and with its just appreciation. I
hope, sir, such a doctrine is not to be sanctioned
by a vote of the Senate refusing the information
asked for in the resolution.
Mr. ALLEN. I understood the honorable Sen-
„ ator from North Carolina to say that he had no
objection to the insertion of the usual words in the
resolution,- 44 if not- incompatible with the public
interest," so as to leave it discretionary with the
President.
Mr. MANGUM. I said so, sir.
Mr. ALLEN. I shall have no difficulty, then,
in voting for the resolution—none whatever. So
far as the general order that has appeared in Mex-
ico is concerned, it is not to be supposed that any
general officer under any circumstances would is-
sue an order of that magnitude without the author-
ity, either express or implied, of his Government.
I do not suppose, therefore, that any secrets can
be disclosed upon this subject. I am glad that the
subject of " secrets" has attracted so much atten-
tion in this body, as I think it is always of advan-
tage to the interests of the country that the ques-
tion of "secrets "should be considerably canvassed.
1 shall therefore embrace this occasion for renew-,
ing my ancient motion for opening the doors of the
Senate on all occasions save one. But why, sir,
are we so much affrighted at "secrets," when we
ought to begin by making our own acts public? It
is only because a large portion of our own acts are
not made public that I am now not permitted to re-
cur to facts which I could adduce, with overwhelm-
ing influence, on the discussion of this question of
secrecy. But, sir, I shall tender my ancient resolu-
tion, and I shall test the spirit of publicity which
is nov/displayed in words in this discussion. I
believe, sir, that, if every document upon file in the
Department of State and in the Department of War
were this day opened to the full light of the sun,
the Government would be strengthened far more
than weakened by the disclosure. It is rather an
Executive habit than an Executive necessity; it is
because the preceding Executives have done this !
thing that the present Executive does it. He feels
himself more bound by precedent than by princi-
ple upon this subject. His predecessors have uni-
formly acted upon the principle that the disclosure
of some parts of the information in their posses-
sion might tend to the prejudice of the public in-
terest. And it is upon the authority of the prac-
tice of his predecessors that the Executive acts,
rather than upon the existence of any secret rea-
son for his conduct.
I am willing, as far as my vote is concerned—if
I could give it detached from other considerations
—to vote to let in the full blaze of the sun upon
every transaction that paper contains growing out
of this war. I should like myself to see the esti-
mates made by the generals-in-chief commanding
those two columns in Mexico, and also their ad-
vice give,n to the Executive at the incipient stages
of the war—advice sought because one of the par-
ties from whom it was sought vas at the head of
the American army, and had therefore a right to
be consulted' by the Executive, who is not a mili-
tary man. I should like to see ail these things,
sir, so that I might know to what extent any one
or all of these generals may be responsible—I do
not say for the origin of the war, but for the man-
ner i'n which it has been prosecuted. Sir, I do not
speak authoritatively. l am not now at the head
6f any committee which authorizes me to go into
the several departments and make inquiry in re-
lation to these subjects. I am not charged particu-
larly or expressly with any branch of the Senate's
business, and therefore I know nothing personally
as to what facts are or are not contained in the
archives of the Executive Department Now, sir,
upon another branch of this subject.
The honorable Senator from North Carolina,
who has had the lead upon the question of opening
the'doors and admitting all the information that
may be in the possession of the Executive, agrees
with me upon this question, and I shall introduce
my ancient resolution to-morrow, or at the next
meeting of the Senate. I hope then to have the
aid (so potential in all matters in which he takes
part) of the honorable Senator. But the honorable
Senator from North Carolina wants the informa-
tion called for by this resolution, and other in-
formation, for a certain purpose. Now, what is
this purpose? Why, it is to know what are the
political designs of the Executive in regard to the
war—that is to say, what are his desires as to the
result of the war. Now, the President of the Uni-
ted States is only one branch of the Government
oP the United States. Congress is another. A
leading statesman of this country, whose voice,
possibly, is as potential within as it is without
these walls, has laid it down as a right belonging
to the two Houses of Congress, not that they
should call upon the President to know what he
means, but that they should express what they
mean should be the end and objects of the war.
Therefore, if the honorable Senator from North
Carolina has any extreme solicitude upon this
subject, it is of far more importance for him to
know what Congress means, than to know what
the President means, because the President cannot
act without the consent of Congress. Now, if the
Senator desires to know what Congress means to
do, what object they desire to accomplish, the mode
in which he can ascertain it is simply to offer a
resolution declaring what Congress means shall be
the objects aimed at m the prosecution'of this war.
It is of no consequence, sir, upon this great ques-
tion, to quibble about what the President may
secretly design. We are told by this high authori-
ty with the gentleman and his friends, that it is
the right and duty of Congress to declare what
shall be the objects and purposes of this war. Let
them come up to the mark and lay before us their
views.
Mr. SEVIER. I would suggest, Mr. President,
that the time has arrived for the consideration of
the special order of the day.
Mr. ALLEN. Yes, sir, I am doubtless tres-
passing upon the time that ought to be devoted to
my honorable friend's speech. 1 have, however,
but a few words more to say, and really I did not S
intend to enter at all into the discussion; but the I
debate seems to have spread itself out to such an j
extent that I could scarcely avoid engaging in it. '
I shall vote for the Senator's resolution when the ,
addition is made which he says he is willing to
make. I desire that addition made, because this j
has always been the practice, out of lespect to the ;
Executive branch of the Government; as, for in- '
stance, we use the word " request" when we ad- \
dress the Executive, and the word "direct" when j
we address the various subordinate departments. It j
has been for the purpose of expressing these views
that I have trespassed upon the time of the Senate.
Mr. MANGUM. 1 am extremely reluctant,
sir, to encroach upon the time which belongs to
the honorable Senator from Mississippi, but some
remarks have been made which absolutely demand
some reply.
Mr. FOOTE. It will give me much pleasure
to give way to the Senator.
Mr. MANGUM. I have very few observations
to make, and they will occupy but a few moments;
and I must begin by congratulating the honorable
Senator from Ohio on the 'advance he has made
within a few days in regard to disclosing all se-
crets; and I congratulate the Senator from Geor*
gia on the prospect he has of the powerful assist-
ance of the Senator from Ohio upon that resolution
of his which was laid upon the table this morning,
calling for information as to the communications
of the commanding generals about the period of
the beginning of this war, either of advice, sug-
gestions, or otherwise.
This resolution, sir, was drawn with great care,
(hastily, to be sure,) and was not designed to
trench on anything that might be supposed to
affect injuriously the interests of the country. But,
sir, the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs very properly says that many
things should be withheld on account of the con-
test in which we are engaged. But does he mean
to say that he is to be intrusted with information
which we are not to be intrusted with ? We want
light on this subject. As one of the, minority, sir,
how can I look into the Executive mind and dis-
cover the purposes which are there intended ? Let
the world have the information, sir, and the world
will either sustain you or refuse to sustain you.
I should like to know from the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs what
we are to do when the conquest of Mexico is com-
plete. If there is no Government to treat with us
now, what will we do with Mexico then, sir?
These are important matters, that involve ulti-
mately, in my judgment, the stability of our free
institutions. For one, I would like to know, if
the Republic of Mexico falls into our hands, what
is to be done with it ? This is the main point that
I desire light upon. I do not care a fig for the views
expressed to-day, further than they relate to this
point.
Will the honorable chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs condescend to inform us what
he means to do with Mexico after it is conquered ?
Will he enlighten us as to the distinct purposes of
the Executive respecting her? What shall be
done with this unfortunate Republic after it falls
into our hands ? I think that Congress has a deep
and profound interest in this inquiry. Sir, I care
not a fig, as IJiave already said, whether the res-
olution passes or not, if the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, in his official
capacity, will -only give me light on this single
point. He goes for the conquest of Mexico, which,
I take it, implies the annihilation of that Govern-
ment. How, then, are you to make peace? I
only wish to add a single remark, in reference to
the honorable Senator from Ohio, in regard to hi3
" ancient" resolutions. I shall go for %ny addi-
tional light—for the removal of any secrecy, and
for the obtaining of any information that may be
necessary to aid us in the discharge of our duties.
Mr. ALLEN. Will the honorable Senator ac-
cept of the amendment?
Mr. MANGUM. I said I would do so.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Do I understand that the
modification is made?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
The question was then taken on the resolution
as amended, and it was adopted.
THE TEN REGIMENT BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill to increase, for a limited time, the military
force of the United States.
Mr. FOOTE, (in continuation,) said:
Mr. President: I think it must be acknowl-
edged that this debate has been marked with pecu-
: liar rancor on the other side of the Chamber, and
! that terms of scurrilous reproach have been freely
j indulged towards the President of the United
; States, equally derogatory to the dignity of this
! body, unfit to be applied to the first magistrate of
this great nation, and entirely unmerited in point
of fact. One gentleman has not hesitated openly
to charge the Executive with falsehood in
to his declaration of the objects of the war; which
is nothing more than a coarse version of what is
reported in a paper, which I hold in my hand, to
have emanated from a distinguished Senator now
in my eye, at Springfield, last September, about
"pretexts, evasions, pretences, after-thoughts,'
