218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 20,
&c., &c. Another gentleman charges falsehood
by inuendo, and assumes, with something of pecu-
liargrace, and certainly with more than the ordi-
nary dramatic emphasis, to blush for the President.
Another charges "dishonesty," " robbery," "pil-
lage," and "murder;" another, "hypocrisy;"
another, "a violation of the Constitution;" an-
other, " the usurping of powers properly belonging
to Congress." Now, if the President be half as
guilty as he is accused by honorable Senators of
being, he ought, for the honor of the country, to
be immediately impeached; and I a little wonder,
under all the circumstances, that a great Hastings
affair has not been before now gotten up, consid-
ering the lusty menaces which we know to have
been thundered forth in various quarters, and the
pregnant fact, that at least one member of this
body is reported to have already declared that
he is impeachable. I wish distinguished Sena-
tors would recollect the wise requisition of the
common law, that even jurors, who only deter-
mine the facts of the case, must be majores omni
exceptione; and that Justice was by the ancients
painted blind, in order to indicate that all who
approached her sanctuary should do so free
from all preconceived prejudice, and exempt
from all exterior influence. I take the liberty of
reminding honorable Senators, whilst indulging
these suggestions, of one of the most imposing ju-
dicial scenes which is recorded in ancient annals—
the trial of Lucius Cataline by the Roman Senate.
The beautiful sentences with which Julius Cassar
commenced his noble speech on the occasion con-
tain a maxim which I fear is almost too elevated
for even this Christian generation: " Omnes ho-
minesy quidt rebus dubiis consultant, ab odio, amicitiay
ira, atque misericordia vacuos esse decet. Hand facile
animus verum providet, ubi ilia officinnt. Neque
quisquam omnium lubidini simul et usui paruit.
Ubi intenderis ingeniwn^ valet. Si lubido possidet
ea dominatur; animus nihil valet." No w, if certain
menaces which we have all heard of in regard to
grave proceedings elsewhere against the first magis-
trate of the nation, were as honestly announced
as they have been indecently paraded before the
country, there may be yet some possibility of
illustrious Senators, when called on to peiform
a high judicial duty, with the Chief Justice of the
United States presiding in this Chamber, either
challenging themselves or being challenged hy
others, on the scoie of incompetency to discharge
the highest functions belonging to the body. I
hope to witness no such painful and perplexing
predicament; but if it should occur, it would, per-
chance, not be without a salutary influence in the
way of example.
Mr. President,before I conclude what I have to
say upon this occasion, I feel called upon to no-
tice, and, if possible, in some degree to counter-
act, certain views expressed a few days since by
the venerable Senator from South Carolina; and,
in doing so, I believe that he at least will not ques-
tion my sincerity in declaring, that such is my
high respect for his extraordinaiv powers of in-
tellect, and his numerous virtues, it is to me most
painful to differ with him in opinion on any great
public question. It would certainly be my wish
to remain silent, notwithstanding my dissent from
his views, but that I shall be compelled by a sense
of duty to vote in opposition to the honorable
Senator's profound and ingenious reasonings; and
if I fail to state sound and substantial grounds for
doing so, I shall incur the risk of being misunder-
stood by the whole country.
I understand the Senator from South Carolina
to oppose the measure under consideration, on the
ground that no additional troops are necessary for
the attainment of any legitimate object, or for any
object heretofore avowed by the Executive. He
argues that the conquest of the interior regions of
Mexico has advanced so far, that, if the troops
now there are not speedily withdrawn to what he
calls a defensive line, we will incur the hazard of
annihilating the nationality of Mexico, and of thus
failing to obtain a treaty of peace at all, for want of
a valid Government with which to conduct our fu-
ture negotiations. Mr. President, I will not under-
take to dccide whether omot the Senator from South
Cdrolma be right in supposing that Mexico is in
such imminent danger of losing her nationality.
This may or may not be the case. It is certain
that those who are best acquainted with the pre-
cise condition of things in Mexico think otherwise.
The President still continues to avow his warm II
desire and confident expectation that a treaty will
yet be effected with the Mexican Government,
which will be at the .same time honorable to us
and neither unjust nor ungenerous to our obstinate
adversary; and such is my respect for his wisdom
and thorough sincerity of heart, that I do not feel
at liberty to refuse him any aid which I am capa-
ble of rendering for the eventual attainment of this
long-sought object. General Scott, too, seems
still to calculate 'upon an early pacification, and
has just announced a most imposing, and as I
think, most judicious plan, for bringing it about;
and I have too nigh an esteem for him, also, both
as a commander and a patriot, not to feel a most
decided deference for his judgment about this
matter. Cut libet credendum est in sua arte, is as
much a maxim in military affairs as in the con-
cerns of civjrl life; and I freely acknowledge that
the Commander-in-chief in Mexico, with his ex-
tensive experience as an officer, and his familiar
acquaintance with the resources, devices, and pre-
sent temper of the foe, is to be presumed to enjoy
a peculiarly favorable opportunity of determining
whether or not we will be at all likely to succced
in ultimately conqueringa peace; and so long as he
seems to testify a generous confidence in his being
able eventually to accomplish that for which we
have been so long struggling, I should as soon  do
anything else which might be calculated to put the
honor of the country in danger as refuse to vote
him supplies of men and money to any extent
which may be judged necessary to the complete
and early success of his military operations, i can
never consent, for one, to withdraw our army to
any merely defensive line, so long as any hope of
obtaining a treaty of peace may remain; nor will
I consent to do so, so long as there may be a
chance of practical pacification, of a nature to be
relied on, independent of treaty, provided a treaty
turn out to be unattainable. I cannot perceive
any possible advantage which would be likely to
accrue from the adoption of a defensive line; but,
on the contrary, I behold manifold evils and in-
conveniences, too obvious in themselves, and too
often insisted upon heretofore, in different forms to
need any special citation at this time. This defen-
sive-line project seems to be with the distinguished
Senator from South Carolina, a perfect panacea for
all the troubles of this Mexican war, in whatever
stage of it we may be. Last winter, when Gen-
eral Taylor had only penetrated the States in the
neighborhood of the Rio Grande, a withdrawal to
a defensive line wasearnestly recommended. Now
we have attacked and captured the strong castle of
San Juan deUlua, taken vera Cruz, Jalapa, Perote,
Puebla, and Mexico, and are proceeding rapidly
to seize all the remaining strong places, to possess
ourselves of the public revenues, put down guerrilla
warfare, and iieduce the enemy to such straits as
must infallibly render him in a short time alto-
gether hopeless of being able to make-further re-
sistance; and 'the Senator from South Carolina,
with a consistency which seems to bid proud de-
fiance to everything like change of circumstances,
is heard to exclaim, still more emphatically than
before, " "Why do you not fall back to my defen-
sive line?" with this notable alteration, which the
events of the last twelve months have been able
aloire to effect, that the honorable Senator does not
find it convenient to tell us now where this same
defensive line of his should run; and he proposes,
-therefore, to convoke a council of officers to settle
this importantpoint. A strange council this would
be, by the by; as it woulft be composed neces-
sarily of gentlemen, all of whom would infallibly
and very promptly declare their opinion to be,
that nothing on earth could be imagined more
injudicious or, perilous than the adoption of
any defensive line whatsoever. I hope not to
exhibit the appearance of dogmatism on this point;
but, after the most diligent inquiries which I was
capable of instituting, 1 feel authorized to assort
my belief, that it would be exceedingly difficult,
if it would not be impossible, to find in the whole
army a single officer of respectably high grade,
who would risk his reputation as a military man
so far as to give sanction to the adoption of the
defensive line policy recommended by the hon-
orable Senator. But, says the Senator from South
Carolina, if you remain m the central portions of
Mexico much longer, and especially if you in-
crease the strength of your army there, you will '
break down the Central Government, and destroy ij
the last vestiges of nationality. As' I before ob- ll
served, this may be so, or it may not be so; but
no matter what may be the precise effect of re'
maining in Mexico, in regard to our own munici-
pal condition, I am of opinion, that as we marched
into the country in order to achieve indemnity for
the past, and security for the future, we never can
honorably withdraw our troops until we obtain
them both in the most unequivocal manner. And
though it is true, as urged by a Senator on the
other side of the Chamber, that we went to war for
free trade and sailors'rights in 1812, and came out of
it in 1815, without having secured either; notwith-
standing, the delay of a few months, as we now
know, through the instrumentality of the battle
of New Orleans, would have given us all for which
we assumed hostilities; yet I can see no sufficient
reason in this melancholy example of national
discredit, which should induce us now to yield to
the triple counsels of the yet surviving sages who
negotiated the treaty of Ghent, and who are at
present so happily agreed in the policy of getting
out of this war with Mexico by a resignation of
all the objects for which it has been heretofore
prosecuted; so far even as to strike down our na-
tional flag again without further ceremony, and
confess, by implication at least, that we went to
war unjustifiably, and have spilled blood and
wasted treasure without even the appearance of
decent pretence, much less of full justifiation.
The Senatorfrom South Carolina thinks, though,
that our remaining in Mexico may, by putting an
end to Mexican nationality, effectually prevent our
reception of indemnity and security, through the
medium of a treaty of peace; inasmuch, as though
one nation may make war, it requires two to make
a peace. Here I differ with him again ; it requires
two to agree upon a peace by treaty; but whether
we get a treaty by remaining in Mexico or not,
we are certain, at any rate, of obtaining a practical
pacification, accompanied with all we have de-
manded, and perchance more, whether Mexico
shall have intermediately lost her nationality by
our failure to retreat to a defensive line at a great
distance from her capital, or shall have retained it.
The venerable Senator from South Carolina will
permit me to remind him of the fact, that he was
opposed to the invasion of Mexico last winter, at
the point of Vera Cruz, in part at least, because
he deemed the Castle of San Juan de Ulua im-
pregnable, and not alone from a fear of destroying
Mexican nationality; and this excessive fear as to
the extent of injury which our inveterate enemy-
may happen to receive at our hands, I consider
one of the most remarkable events in this age of
misdirected philanthropy and " idle and masterly-
inactivity." Let me recur to the pages of classi-
cal history for a moment. Livy informs us, that
when Scipio Africanus proposed to the Roman
Senate to enter upon his scheme of invading Afri-
ca, the aged Fabius Maximus, always a remark-
ably cautious man, and in whom we may well
suppose that the effluxion of years had greatly
cooled the fervor and diminished the hopefulness
of earlier days, opposed the scheme most stoutly,
and even inveighed against Scipio as a rash, vis-
ionary, ambitious young man, who was willing to
expose his country to unnecessary peril, in order
to gratify his morbid and eager cravings after mil-
itary fame. The noble old Roman—for still Ro-
man he was, despite his fondness for " idle and
masterly inactivity," in attempting to counteract
the scheme of invasion—spoke of " the enormous
' expense of the undertaking; not a single harbor
' open to our fleet; no part of the country at peace
' with us; no state our ally; no king our friend;
4 no room anywhere, either to stand or advance."
Well, Fabius failed in his attempt to defeat the
African expedition, as a greater than Fabius did
last winter, in regard to the expedition to the coast
of Mexico, whose complete success is now one of
the most glorious pages of our history as a nation.
Scipio sojourned foi a few months in Sicily, as
General Scott did at the island of Lobos last year; ;
and finally landed on the African coast and stiided
rapidly fiom victory to victory, overturning in his
impetuous course several large armies under Sy-
phax and Hasdrubal: and finally prepared to strike
a fatal blow at the vitals of Cauhaginian nation-
ality. Now, what would have been the surprise
of His own country, and the regret of all posterity,
had Fabius Maximus, in this moment of exulta-
tion and hope, exclaimed in the Roman Senate-
house, as we have heard in this debate, that he
always had thought this expedition would end in
