220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 20,
to surest, I should hope still further to provide
for the happiness and glory of our own country,
and the ultimate diffusion and perpetuity of the
great principles of civil and religious liberty.
And,
1. After such a temporary occupancy of Mex-
ico by our armies, as is now taking place, I would
gradually prepare the country, State after State of
it, for the reestablishment of civil government,
taking care, in due season, to introduce our inval-
uable territorial system—that noble nursery of
Slate sovereignties—and to intrust the inhabitants
of each territory, as soon as it might be deemed
entirely safe to do so, witit the indispensable power
of self-government.
2. Whilst a temporary military occupation of
Mexico might be deemed necessary, I would sta-
tion detachments of troops at three prominent
points in the interior—Orizaba, Mexico, and San
LuisPotosi—with aviewofgiving protection to the
three commercial points of Alvarado, Vera Cruz,
and Tampico; thus securing the mining districts
from encroachment from any quarter, and estab-
lishing peace and perfect social order throughout
the whole extent of the region thus occupied'
3. The next step which would be advisable
would be the introduction of our system of import
duties, bringing with it the blessings of free trade
to Mexico, for the first time, and all their civiliz-
ing and Americanizing influence. By this means,
the commercial monopoly heretofore enjoyed by
Great Britain would cease forever; our valuable
agricultural and manufacturing products hereto-
fore, to a great extent, prohibited, would find ready
entrance into the country, and be seen to float
quietly along all the channels of domestic trade; the
beneficial effect of which, in a moral point of view,
will be easily inferred by those who have given
their attention, heretofore, to such considerations,
and which will be found beautifully and power-
fully illustrated by one of the most distinguished
writers of the present day, in a speech delivered in
the great city of Manchester, in the month of No-
vember last, an extract from which I beg leave to
submit. Mr. Alison, the historian, on taking the
chair at the Athenaeum soiree, m Free Trade Hall, I
on the occasion referred to, after a few mtroduc- '■
tory remarks, thus expressed himself: j
[Here Mr. Foote read from Mr. Alison's speech i
a considerable extract, and continued thus:J
4. Our system oj land laws. There is ascertained
to be an immense body of valuable public land in
Mexico, heretofore unappropriated, there bein<r,
as I am assured, from twenty-five to thirty millions j
of acres of the richest lands in the world yet un- '
occupied in the State of Vera Cruz, and a propor- '
tionate quantity in most of the States which have I
not yet become densely peopled. By bestowing !
farms of moderate extent upon actual settlers, the
whole country would soon become occupied by a
population equal to any under the sun, in all that
is necessary to good government and high social
advancement.
5. There are resources in Mexico not necessary i
to be particularly specified, which might be con- |
vemently and legitimately applied, after paying the ]
present national debt, to general education pur- i
poses. i
6. Religious toleration, heretofore prohibited, '
would now prevail, and every man be allowed to i
worship God according to his own conscience. i
7. Our system of trial by jury would be sure i
very early to commend itself to respect and adop- !
seen, with the consent of good men anil true of-all nations,
to b"ar ' forward and aloft, ovei the land and over the sea,'
that very banner of moral regeneration spoken of m the first
page of this work, until even f amidst the murmurs of the
Pacific sea,' and over the beautiful plains and valleys of
eastern Mexico a voicc shall be heard saying, 'There is no
God hut the God of truth, find justice,, and brotherly kind-
ness; and /it? favorites are the spreaders of knowledge, and
the heroic yet merciful chustisers of wicked men and na-
tions'
The scenes herein described have been, in part
at least, realized; and they are destined to be still
more fully realized, if we shall dare to do our duty,
regardless of illiberal cavils and factious opposi-
tion.
In answer to the objections of the Senator from
South Carolina, it has become necessary to take a
short view of the character of the population at
present m Mexico. There are said to be now
about seven millions of people*, their number hav-
ing rather diminished than increased in the last ten
years. Of these about four millions are, as they
have been described by the Senator from South
Carolina, Indians—who, though gentle in their
manners, docile, obedient, orderly, and industrious
in their habits, are yet nothing more than Indians
in then- capacity for exercising political rights.
They live together in towns anu villages, have
property in common, and enforce their former
tribal usages, except so far as they may be re-
strained by special law. They are cultivators of
the soil exclusively, aud constitute no part of the
population of Mexico subject to do military service.
They have not enjoyed political rights; in other
words, they have not voted at elections since
1833. Nor are they desirous of being allowed to
do so. ^ Whatever they may become in future,
under judicious and humane regulations, such as
we have applied to our Chickasaw, Choctaw, and
Cherokee Indians, remains to be seen. In the
present state of things, though, no man of sound
practical intellect, 1 suppose would think of in-
tiusting them with all the rights of American
citizenship. An experiment of this kind formerly
tried in Mexico is known to have been a total
failure.
Three millions remain to be disposed of. Of
jj these the military aristocracy, the twenty-two
jj thousand office-holders, and their servile depend-
.. ants, constitute perhaps a body of two hundred
thousand. These, with a portion of the priest-
hood, and their dependants and servitors, are
known as the aristocratic party.
The peons, or villeins appendant, as they may be
called, are a mixed race, sfaves in the most unfa-
, vorable sense of the word, and transferable with
; the soil which they till. They are said to number
about seven or eight hundred thousand souls, and
; constitute the chief resource of the military ans-
: tocracy for recruiting their armies.
j The negroes are too inconsiderable in point of
numbers or influence to be entitled to any serious
, regard in this view of the Mexican people.
: The remainder, in number more than two mil-
: lions, are the puros or democrats of Mexico, the
! friends of republican institutions, always friendly
1 to our people and government, and especially so m
this war, as is provable by much and satisfactory
evidence; far more friendly with us certainly than
to their cruel oppressors, the military tyrants.
The puros are the bone and sinew of the country,
the most intelligent, virtuous, and orderly people
in Mexico. They recognize us, and justly,
tnoii' rlcliiTaiiaw.-.  «A   - c   .1 ,
8. These and other regulations which will occur
to a]l astute minds at once, without suggestion, !
cannot but work wondrous effects in the next five'
or ten years. Eight years ago, he who is now i
speaking used the following language: ;
"Suiely it would not have required a larire amount of '
propnetic sagacity, fifty years ago, to have predicted, that if '
ever a struggle should occur between the Anglo-American !
population of North America, or rather of the 0nited States !
and that enervated and mongrel race, who have b^en de- ■
«moed in tiie preceding chapters of this work, precisely
vuen results as have taken place in Texas, in the progress !
ot the war earned on there tor independence andlibeity, 1
would be seen to arise. The mind of one who would not '
luve nnlioipated such results, could not have foimcd any
acquaintance with the [(lightest pages of ancient historic 1
lore; nor have read, with soul on tire, ot the imperishable
glories ol Marathon, and Plata-a, and Salamis. Perhaps as
little astuteness is necessarv now to foresee that the period
is not far remote, when Anglo-American heroes, and states-
men, ami moralists—the descendants of those British colo-
nists of whom we have |ust been reading, who^e early set-
. tlements only dotted, here and there, for a few miles, the
oieas and barren Atlantic coast of North America—will be
.  J * --"O <-,05 juoiljfj O.TS
their deliverers, and are full of apprehension at the
prospect of our surrendering them again to the
cruel oppression from wnich they stand now re-
leased.
As the retention of Mexico by theXJnited,States,
should we be forced to retain it, is objected to by
some on the ground of the enormous expense
likely to be attendant ujSon our doing so, I will
here submit a few facts calculated to allay all fear
on this point.
1st. it is estimated by our Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in his annual report, that the domestic com-
merce between the States of this Confederacy
amounts annually to the sum of §500,000,000.
Upon the basis supplied by this estimate, when a
; general free-trade intercourse shall have been once
] established between the States of this Union and
[ Mexico, this new branch of domestic trade would
| amount to $lfifi,000,000. Of which, if we suppose
| the trade to Mexico to be #33,000,000, we have
, all increase of more than §32,000,000 complete
; Lnuer the control of British councils, and by the
> instrumentality of prohibitory and peculiar duties,
many of our most valuable staples—such as flour,
tobaseo, manufactures of cotton, &c., have been
heretofore excluded. This would be no longer
the case were Mexico part of the Union.
2d. For our produce and manufactures, we should
receive from Mexico—11 Their great staple ex-
ports, gold and silver. 3. Their other mineral
products, derivable from mines almost wholly un-
touched, consisting of quicksilver, copper, and tin.
3. Their valuable woods, consisting of mahogany,
&c. 4. Cochineal, logwood, and other dye-stuffs.
5. Coffee, cocoa, and wine, of a flavor equal almost
to any in Europe. 6. Hides. 7. Tobacco, equal
to the best Cuba tobacco. 8. Silk, of which there
is a considerable quantity manufactured at pres-
ent; and, under the fostering protection of free
institutions, the quantity could not but be greatly
enhanced in a short period of time. 9. Sugar, to
the raising of which the greater part of Mexico is
admirably adapted in point of soil and climate;
and it is a fact, (not a little remarkable it is, too,)
that though the State of Vera Cruz possesses native
resources, as a planting region, but little inferior to
the island of Cuba itself, until the landing of our
army under General Scott, there was no loaf sugar
to be found in the vicinage of the city of Vera
Cruz, except what was most inconveniently and
expensively brought there on the backs of mules,
from the Pacific slope, a distance of four hundted
miles.
3d. The quicksilver mines of Mexico have not
been regularly worked ; but enough is known of
them to authorize the opinion that they are greatly
the most valuable which haveever been discoveied.
The article of quicksilver, in consequence of its
having been, to a great extent, monopolized by
the Rothschilds, has lately reached a price in mar-
ket which may well be deemed enormous. The
opening of the mines of quicksilver under our
supervision and direction would at once cheapen
the article everywhere. The value of quicksilver
| as an amalgam, so indispensable as such in mining
; operations, is too well known to justify extended
: remark on this head.
I 4th. I feel bound to add, that without the Isthmus
! of Tehuantepec, which can never be fully and
| availably under our control, except as an incident
; to the annexation of Mexico low enough down to
: embrace it, we can hardly calculate upon retaining
the permanent possession either of California or
Oregon. The difficulty of reaching any place on
j the Pacific coast from the densely-settled portions
of the United States, and the immense consutnp-
; tion of time now unavoidable in performing such
a journey, seem to make it more than probable,
as one sagacious and profound statesman of New
England has already predicted as to Oregon, that
at no distant day, if no canal or railway across
the isthmus shall ever be effected, an independent
State or States will be likely to spring up on the
Pacific, which will claim and hold ail the terri-
tory rightfully belonging to us in that part of the
world. With the isthmus and a canal across it;
all danger on this score would be effectually obvi-
ated. With the isthmus and a convenient com-
mercial communication between the two great
oceans, this Republic will at once become the
greatest commercial nation in the world.
5th. Lastly. If we fall back to a defensive Iine,-
the military aristocrats will reorganize under the
protection of Great Britain, or some other foreign
Government, and then we shall have a war on our
hands which will be interminable. The fact that
Great Britain has long struggled to control the des-
tinies of Mexico—that she is known to be quite
jealous of our present prospects in that country 
that Lord Pulmcrston has recently, in Pcuhament,
thrown out very distinct intimations of a disposi-
tion to seize upon the whole of Mexico, as indem-
nity for certain debts due to British subjects 
together with the striking fact that the British
Government is known to be already in possession
of the pass of Nicaragua, should solemnly admon-
ish us not to withdraw our troops and evacuate the
country too lightly, nor, in the emphatic language
of the day, without having obtained complete in-
demnity for the past, and entire security for the
future; by which 1 understand full indemnity in
money or territory, and full security for ourselves
and our posterity. 1 am satisfied, sir, for the pres-
ent, with having presented this hypothetical view
of the compensating advantages likely to arise
from the annexation of Mexico, in case the obsti-
nacy of that nation, encouraged as she has been
