1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221
from this country to continue the struggle of arms,
should finally constrain us to take possession of
all the country, and hold it forever.
Mr. Foote having concluded his remarks—
On motion of Mr. CLARKE,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 21, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. JAMIESON rose, as soon as the Journal
had been read, and desired permission to' make a
Eersonal explanation. There being no objection,
e proceeded to say that there were some errors
in the report of his remarks, made on Wednesday
last, as published in the National Intelligencer of
yesterday morning, which he desired to correct.
The reports in the Intelligencer were generally
very correct, and, in the main, the report of his
own remarks was correct, except in a few partic-
ulars. In the first place, the name of " Adams''
was used in the first and eighth lines of the sixth
faragraph, first column, instead of " Madison."
n the ninth paragraph were these words: " We
received her as we did all the other States, accord-
ing to their own defined limits, they being the only
authority that can control that matter, but subject
to the action of the treaty power." This sentence
alludes to Texas, and he certainly did not wish to
be understood as saying that Congress could have
no hand in fixing the limits of a State when she
applies to be admitted into this Union. But when
she has been admitted, Congress has no further
control over her limits. That distinction he wished
to make. Before admission, Congress may exer-
cise its influence in fixing the limits of a State about
to come in; but, when once in, Congress has no
power over them.
In the second column, the name of " Herrera"
is sometimes used for t( Paredes,1' which might
lead to some confusion. He wished to be under-
stood to say that Paredes overturned the Govern-
ment of Herrera for having consented to receive a
minister from theGovernment of the United States.
In another part of the speech, the word " day"
was used instead of the word "dead," in the sen-
tence giving a translation of the word jornada,
which has been defined to be " the journey of the
dead." When he wrote out his speech he might
make some other changes in the report, of which,
however, he would say that it was more accurate-
ly given than he could have anticipated.
PRIVATE BUSINESS.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved a
resolution terminating debate in committee on the
bill for the relief of Mary liiown, widow of Jacob
Brown.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, suggested
an amendment to the resolution, which was ruled
out of order.
After some remarks by Mr. STEPHENS as to
the resolution being in order at this time, and ob-
jecting to its reception,
The SPEAKER ruled the resolution out of
order.
The bill of llie Senate, for the relief of Milledge
Galphin, executor ofGeorgeGalphin, deceased,was
taken up, read, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The Senate bill for the relief of Thomas Talbot
and others was taken up, read, and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
The bill for the relief of Robert Roberts, report-
ed to the House by the Committee of the Whole
on Friday last, was taken up; and, after some re-
marks by Mr. DANIEL, Mr. ROCKWELL of
Connecticut, and Mr. THOMAS,
Mr. THOMAS moved to strike out that part of
the bill allowing interest.
After some further debate by Messrs. ROCK-
WELL of Connecticut, MULLIN, DANIEL,
POLLOCK, and SIMS,
Mr. DANIEL moved to recommit the bill to
the Committee of Claims, with instructions "to
indicate the fund but of which the claim shall be
paid." -Agreed to.
The bill for the relief of Phineas Capen, legal
administrator of John Cox, deceased, of Boston,
was next taken up, and ordered to be engrossed,
read the third time, passed, and returned to the
Senate.
On motion of Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecti-
cut, the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on private bills, (Mr. Schenck in the
, chair.)
The bill first in order was the bill for the relief
of Mary Brown, widow of Jacob Brown, to which
amendments were pending when the Committee of
the Whole were last in session.
Mr. BOWLIN said he had heretofore offered
an amendment, to obviate the constant struggle
which had sbeen sustained in this House against
the principle under which the Government had
sought to pension the widows of the soldiers of
the Revolution. There was a principle involved
in that rule, and the abandonment of the rule was
the abandonment of the principle. The principle
was, that no pension should be allowed to any
widow who did not live in the time of the Revolu-
tion. The year 1794 was therefore fixed as the
limitation; so that no marriage since that year
could entitle the widow to a pension. It was con-
sidered that no lady would be likely to marry
under twelve years of age; and therefore every
woman married pievious to this period must have
lived through the trying times of the Revolution.
If this bill pass, therefore, it should carry on its
face the reason for extending the law to the present
case in the terms of his amendment—namely, that
she was born before the close of the Revolution,
and did live within that trying period—thus bring-
ing within the equity of the principle the existing
law. But if you pass the bill without such an
amendment, you establish a precedent allowing a
pension to the widow of a revolutionary soldier
who was not married till the year 1813; and if the
claim be allowed without qualification in one in-
stance, it cannot be refused in any.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, was in favor of
reporting the whole subject back to the House,
without further action in committee, and proceeded
to speak on the merits of the case. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Bow-
lin] was based, not on the factof-her marriage,
but on the fact that she was born and lived during
the period of the Revolution.
Mr. BOWLIN here interposed and explained
his amendment.
Mr. STUART resumed. He understood the
gentleman's reasoning in favor of his amendment,
and only wished to show its fallacy. If Congress
pensioned widows at all, it was done on account
of the services of their husbands. It was of no
consequence when the widow was born. The
consideration on the part of the Government was
this: because your husband afforded signal service
in the war of the Revolution, we will aid you in
sustaining yourself. That was the consideration,
and not because of her birth during the Revolution,
or before if, was she entitled to a pension, but be-
cause her husband was a soldier. In this was the
equity of the case. It was of no consequence (lie
said) whether she had lived through the revolu-
tionary struggle, or whether, from necessity or
choice, she had not married until after the year
1794. He was opposed to the passage of the bill,
not because he was opposed to its principle, for he
was in favor of that, in all its length and breadth.
Under the present law, there were but about five
thousand pensioners; and it would not increase the
list much if we were to pension the widow of every
revolutionary soldier. If we were even to double
the number, it would not cause any very startling
expenditure of money. The danger was not in
paying these soldiers too much, or doing too much
for their widows. He could not, in the present
case, admit the claim of this lady on the score of
her relationship to Major Jacob Brown; for, by
the time of the end of the present war, many cases
of this character would come up; and he doubted
not, if they could be all looked up at this time,
they would amount to as many as two thousand
cases. If this case was peculiar on this score, he
must confess he could not see it. He could easily
perceive why it should add to the reputation of
this lady, and entitle her to the consideration of
the country. This whole case, he contended, was
only one among a thousand reasons why a general
law on this subject should be passed. But it had
been urged that to pension every widow of revolu-
tionary soldiers would cost too much. Mr. S. dep-
recated this argument in strong terms. Let it be
once understood that they would not take care of
their widows, and he would warn the House that
volunteers would no more come into the service.
In conclusion, Mr. S. said he made these remarks
to justify himself in voting against the resolution,
whether amended or not. He should do so, as he
had before said, with the hope of getting up a gen-
eral law upon .this subject; and if'it were not for
this expectation, he would vote for every individ-
ual claim of this class that might be presented.
He moved that the committee rise and report the
whole subject to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it be referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, with instructions to report a
general bill.
Mr. ATKINSON said it might be that he was
not so keenly alive to the principles of justice and
sympathy as other men. He did not believe that
this House had the right to dispose of money be-
longing to the people by conferring it on any ob-
ject which, in their opinion, may be deserving of
the national sympathy and compassion. The pow-
ers of Congress were strictly defined. They must
act on the principle of law, and not upon the prin-
ciple of sympathy or their own ideas of justice;
because that which would excite the sympathy of
one man might excite the ridicule of another, and
the contrary. He would go as far as any to sup-
port the "widows of revolutionary soldiers, but
must protest against Congress putting its hand in
the public purse out of sympathy merely. Mr. A.
considered that the various reasons given by gen-
tlemen for their support of this bill, in themselves
furnished argument against the principle involved
in this special legislation.
After further debate upon the merits of the case
by Messrs. D. P. KING, DICKINSON, JOHN-
SON of Arkansas, and ROCKWELL of Massa-
chusetts—
Mr. BOYDON, in support of the bill, remarked
that he was at first a little surprised at the obser-
vations of some of the gentlemen upon the other
side of the. House, and particularly those of the
gentleman from Virginia, who had taken occasion
to read us a lecture upon the danger of trusting
our sympathies, or even the principles of justice,
unless we had rules prescribed to us by which we
were governed in administering it. The gentleman
had taken occasion to go into a long discussion or
our pension laws, and seemed to be greatly alarmed
at the idea of voting a small pension to the poor
widow, whose only prop and stay in her declining
years had fallen, through this Mexican war, in
fighting the battles of the country. From the great
solicitude of the gentleman for the safety of the
treasury, he hoped that the gentleman from Vir-
ginia would manifest this degree of solicitudewhen
we were called upon (as we shortly should be) to
vote fifty thousand more men and some fifty mil-
lions of dollars to carry on this war of conquest of
Mexico. For his (Mr. B.'s) part, he thought that,
both as a matter of conscience and in a pecuniary
point of view, it was much better to vote a few
thousand dollars for the support of the widows and
families of those brave men who had already fallen
in battle, than to vote fifty thousand men and fifty
millions of money to conquer the sister Republic
of Mexico, and to make thousands more widows
and orphans, who would eventually be supported
out of the national treasury. Mr. B. was about
to state his views as to the course he intended to
pursue in relation to the families of those who had
fallen in this Mexican war, when—
■ Mr. ATKINSON, (interposing,) said, that when-
ever the time should come, he would be found
ready and willing to support the defenders of our
rights and liberties. He would take the liberty of
calling upon Whigs to support their consistency
by refusing men and means to carry on a war
which they had denominated, by a solemn vote,
unnecessaryand unconstitutional; which damnable
act would ever follow them with odium. As for
himself, he voted for the war, and gloried in it. All
he asked of gentlemen was for them to stand up
and refuse now to vote men and means to carry on
the war, and they would be damned in the estima-
tion of the people.
Mr. BOYDON remaiked that as it suited the
gentleman to put questions, he would propound
one to the gentleman. Reminding the gentleman
of the present state of the treasury, he desired to
know of the gentleman from Virginia whether he
would comc up to the point directly to borrow
money, and likewise to levy a direct tax upon the
people of the United States to repay this borrowed
money. Or did he intend to vote for treasury
notes, to pay the hard earnings of our soldiers in
what the Democratic party have been in the habit
