222
THE CONGRESSONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 21,
of denominating- rag-money? He should like to
hear the gentleman upon these questions.
Mr. ATKINSON replied: I will tell the gentle-
man, that whatever may be necessary for the de-
fence of the rights and honor of the country, I am
willing to lay a tax, either directly or indirectly, on
all the property in the United States. He would
tell any gentleman that he would do anything for
the preservation of the honor of his country.
These (said Mr. A.) are my views. All that as-
tonishes me is, that men will declare the war unjust,
and yet vote means to support it.
Mr. BOYDON resumed. Oh! yes; here is Dem-
ocratic consistency and economy for you ! When
the national treasury was almost exhausted, when
the specie was flowing out at both ends, and noth-
ing to supply its place but treasury notes, the gen-
tleman would vote any number of men and any
amount of money to overrun and conquer all
Mexico. Yes, when her army had been destroy-
ed—nay, totally annihilated, by some fifteen thou-
sand American soldiers, (and a braver and more
gallant body of men never entered a battle-field,)
and when our forces since the annihilation of the
Mexican army had been trebled, and when Mex-
ico lay panting at our feet, bleeding at every pore,
he would still vote any amount of men and money
the Executive might require, and, for the purpose
of concealing the true object of those men and this
money, called it voting men and money for the de-
fence of the honor and liberty of the country. May
God deliver us from such a,defence of the honor
and liberty of the country! Oh yes*, and the gen-
tleman has constitutional scruples; he can find
no authority in the Constitution for voting a pen-
sion to this poor widow. Oh! no; no authority for
voting this pension. Talk about the Constitution!
"Who does not know that that sacred instrument
has long since ceased to have any binding influ-
ence upon the present Executive? I would ask
the gentleman from Virginia (said Mr. B.) m what
article, what section, or what clause of that once
sacred instrument he finds "authority to dignify the
President of the United States with the title of con-
queror, and to authorize him, under and by virtue
of that high title, to levy any amount of taxes he
pleases upon eight millions of people, and to ap-
propriate them to such purposes as his imperial
majesty may see fit? Talk about the Constitution,
and the defence of the liberty and honor of the
country, after sanctioning such high-handed and
tyrannical measures!
The CHAIRMAN here remarked that the de-
bate had wandered away from Mary Brown.
[Cries of44Go on; go on!"]
Mr. BOYDON proceeded to say that when he
rose he had intended to submit but one or two ob-
servations to the committe, but that he had uncon-
sciously been led off by the remarks of the gentle-
man from Virginia. He desired to say that he
should not only vote for this pension for Mary
Brown, but that he should vote to pension the
widow of any American soldier that had fallen in
this war. Could any man stand up here and say
that the Government should do less for this poor
and aged woman than the brave and gallant Major
Brown had done for his stepmother? But the
gentleman from Virginia remarked that it was
wrong and unsafe to trust our sympathies in such
a case, and, moreover, that the case should not be
decided upon the principles of justice.
Mr. ATKINSON here again interposed, and
remarked : Because we could never come to any
conclusion upon that principle.
Mr. BOYDON. There may be men who can-
not safely trust their sympathies;but, for his part,
he had always relied upon his, and thought they
could be trusted, especially when they led to char-
itable and benevolent deeds. The gentleman said
he was willing to tax his constituents to defend the
liberties of the country. But that was not an an-
swer to the question he had asked him. Why
docs the gentleman answer in this evasive way ?
He would repeat the question. Would the gentle-
man vote a direct tax upon his constituents for
carrying on this war for the conquest of a sister
Republic ?
Mr. ATKINSON replied, he would vote any
tax which might be necessary to prosecute the
war vigorously, in order to secure an honorable
peace. lie would ask the gentleman from North
Carolina if he would do that ? Let him say yes or
no to it.
Mr. BOYDON said he had no difficulty in an-
swering: this or any other question that he or any
other gentleman desired to propound to him. He
was glad of the opportunity to declare that, as at
present advised, he would not vote a single man
nor a dollar of money for the purpose of carrying
on this war for the conquest of Mexico. He would
vote to supply the men now in Mexico; he would
pension their widows if they fell; he would go still
further—he was willing, if thought necessary, to
vote the most liberal provision for the families of
all who fell or died in the service.
Mr. McLANE desired the gentleman from North
Carolina to inform him whether he would vote
means to reinforce and make safe the army now
in Mexico or the navy off its coast?
Mr. BOYDON. Does thegentleman from Mary-
land expect to humbug this House or the country
with the idea that our army is or can be in any
danger m Mexico, or our navy off its coast aie in
any danger? Sir, when Mexico had an army of
forty or fifty thousand, did we not whip them and
annihilate their large army with a mere handful of
our brave soldiers?
Mr. McLANE said thfvgentleman from North
Carolina had kindly volunteered to answer any
question, or he should not take the liberty to in-
terrogate him. He (Mr. McL.) desired to know
if he did not think the army a forlorn hope when
it first went to Mexico ?
Mr. BOYDON. No, sir, no; I never had any
such id-ea. What, sir ! Mexicans whip an Amer-
ican army? No, sir, no. I never dreamed of such
a thing. I always relied with the utmost confi-
dence upon our triumphing, no matter how great
the.odds. I have always thought the more Mexi-
cans there were the surer they were to take to their
heels. But still, if our army was supposed really
to be in any danger, no man would be more prompt
than myself to vote all that might be necessary to
extricate them from all danger—to render them
perfectly safe. But, sir, as to voting money, I sup-
pose no man thinks of that now; nor do I suppose
that the Executive or any of his friends would now
think of such a thing. What, sir ! Have not the
orders already gone forth, and are not our men
just about to plunge into the mines of Mexico?
Money indeed f Does anybody suppose that our
men cannot shovel out just as much gold from
those Mexican mines as their hearts can desire5
Sir we are a most fortunate people. Just at the
moment that all supposed our sub-treasury was
about to suspend specie payments, lo and behold !
the Mexican mines come to our relief. But this is
not all, Mr. Chairman. That splendid financier
now at the head of theTreasury Department, within
the last week, in looking over the rubbish in the
money-box, has discovered npar seven millions in
one corner which had been entirely overlooked.
Mr. ATKINSON. If our men were so secure
in Mexico, and if they could command so much
money there, he could not see why the people
should be taxed to carry on the war. But Mr. A.
objected to this latitude of debate, and would move
that the committee rise, report the bill to the House,
and recommend that it be rejected.
Mr. BOYDON. I am sorry to have been mis-
apprehended by the gentleman from Virginia. He
certainly is the only gentleman in the House who
could misunderstand my remarks.
Mr. ATKINSON. Certainly, I supposed the
gentleman from North Carolina to be serious; and,
regarding him as somewhat of a leader among the
Whigs, and supposing him to be speaking by au-
thority, I had no idea that the gentleman could jest
on so grave a subject as the pension of Mary Brown.
Mr. BOYDON. Just one word. 1 supposed it
would be taken for granted by those on the other
side of the House that I spoke in jest; but as I un- ;
derstood the doctrine of the Executive  i
Mr. ATKINSON. Were you in jest when you 1
said the war was unjust? <
Mr. BOYDON. I have never said that the war >
was just or unjust. But T will now take occasion
to say—as I happened not to be present to vote on '
a certain resolution—that I believe the war to have
been unnecessarily and unconstitutionally com-
menced by the Executive, without any warant;
therefor whatever. ;
The committee then rose, and reported progress, 1
and the House adjourned to Monday. !
j When the above bill for the relief of Mary I
i Brown, widow of Jacob Brown, was under dis- !
i cusssion in committee, on Friday, January 14— \
Mr. SIDNEY LAWRENCE said: The report
of the Committee on Invalid Pensions called upon
the House to grant relief in this case upon two
grounds—first, on the ground that the petitioner
was the widow of a revolutionary soldier; and,
second, on the ground that she was the step-mother
of Major Brown, who fell defending the fort which
bears his name, on the Rio Grande, upon whom
she was dependant for support. What I desire to
say, Mr. Chairman, is, that so far as the first
branch of this case is concerned, it belongs, under
the rules of the House, to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions. That committee have now
that matter under consideration, and at a proper
time will present their views to the House by re-
port. I shad not now intimate what those views
will be. The petitions before us are precisely
of this character; they ask for pensions in cases
where the marriage took place at a later period
than now provided by law, viz: 1794; and until
that committee has an opportunity of discussing
this subject among themselves, and coming to some
conclusion thereon, and presenting that decision
to the House for their approval, amendment, or
rejection, I hope no action will be had involving
this principle by which the committee would be
forestalled.
If the petitioner is m fact the widow of a revo-
lutionary officer or soldier, and can be brought
within the range of the existing system, or of any
extension of the system which may be adopted, I
shall most heartily jejoice; I should be glad to see
the bounty of the Government extended to every
son and daughter of the Revolution. These ven-
erable relics of those days that " tried men's souls''
are entitled to our warmest sympathies. All the
noble and finer feelings of our nature are at once
enlisted in their behalf, and we are ready, at the
first impulse, to grant them any relief they may
ask or require. But in legislating upon these sub-
jects, we must not allow ourselves to be carried
away by our sympathies. We must be governed
and controlled by general principles; and our laws
should, as far as possible, be of a general char-
acter. In this way equal justice is done to all.
Would any gentleman on this floor advocate the
passage of this bill granting a pension to Mrs.
Brown, as the widow of a revolutionary officer,
who was married to her thirteen years subsequent
to the limitation now fixed for similar cases, and
not be willing to extend the same relief to all sim-
ilar cases, coming down to this new limitation, of
soldiers as well as officers? I trust this case is not
to be advocated and carried through because she
was the widow of an officer. No, sir; let officers
and soldiers stand upon the same ground, and
share alike in our sympathies and our bounty. If
this bill should pass, I should regard it as an ex-
pression in favor of extending the limitation down
at least to the period of the marriage in this
case. If this is the disposition and wish of the
House, let it be done by a general law, so as to
bring in all intervening cases, thousands of which
are quite as meritorious as this. Had this case
stood alone on its merits as a revolutionary case,
the Committee on Invalid Pensions would proba-
bly have asked to be discharged from its consider-
ation, as it would not have been properly within
the purview of their duties. As it was connected
with the present war with Mexico, the committee
supposed they had jurisdiction of the case, al-
though that part of the case had been referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs. This confu-
sion and collision among the committees I have
anticipated.
It grows out of the manner in which the refer-
ence is made, each member being allowed to re-
fer his petitions and papers under the rule to what
committee he pleases. The consequence is, many
cases are misdirected in the refeience, I see no
way to avoid this difficulty except by the commit-
tees themselves. On examining the papers refer-
red, they can tell at a glance whether they are prop-
erly referred; and if improperly, they can give
them a proper direction. In this way, with a little
attention, the whole difficulty may be avoided. If
not, we shall find, as in this instance, the same sub-
jects in the hands of two committees, and may
have conflicting reports involving the same princi-
ple. If this is allowed, interminable difficulties
will grow out of this practice, and embarrass not
only the action of the committees, but the House.
With regard to the second branch of this case, it
will be recollected, that a few days since, the Com-
