1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
223
mittee on Military Affairs were discharged from
the consideration qf sundry memorials, numerously
signed by officers and men engaged in the Mexican
■war, praying for relief for the families of those
who^feil in that service.
These memorials were referred on the motion of
the honorable and venerable gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. J. Q,._Adams,] to the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions. That committee have
now that whole subject in charge, and without indi-
cating what the result of their deliberations may be,
I may, perhaps, be permitted to say that they will
be disposed to do justice to the subject. It is a
subject which will require time to examine, and un-
til such examination is made, I trust no action will
be had calculated to embarrass the action of the
committee. Mr. Chairman, I have very carefully
refrained from saying anything upon the merits of
this application for a pension. It would be im-
proper for me to do so, as I should commit myself
upon these two important subjects now before the
committee, of which I have the honor to be a mem-
ber; upon the first of which I am now preparing
a report to submit to the committee, and if1 they
approve, through them to the House.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 21, 1848.
The Journal having been read—
Ch-deredy That when the Senate adjourns, it ad-
journ to meet on Monday.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, communicating the death of the
Hon. J. W. Hornbeck, a Representative in that
body from Pennsylvania, and the proceedings
thereupon.
Mr. CAMERON then rose and addressed the
Chair as follows :
It is my duty, Mr. President, to detain the
Senate for a moment before I move the customary
resolutions which here mark the death of one of
our number.
John W. Hornbeck, a member of the House
of Representatives from the State of Pennsylvania,
died at his residence, in the county of Lehigh, a
few days since.
It was not my fortune to have been acquainted
with him *, but from those who knew him well, I
learned that he was a native of New Jersey ; that
he graduated at Union College, in New York;
and that he settled, about sixteen years since, at
Allcntown, Pennsylvania, where he studied law,
and where he was, till the time of his death, a re-
pected and successful member of ihe bar.
He was a man of learning and of ability, of
quiet and unobtrusive but of social habits, and of a
disposition so kind and benevolent—so willing to
serve otheis rather than himself, that he won the
esteem and love of all who came within his circle.
Honorable, high-minded, and generous, he com-
manded the respect of all, and died, as he had
lived, without an enemy.
His election was a tribute to his private vir-
tues. Living in a district opposed to him in poli-
tics, he was elected by a decided majority over a
man of sterling worth and high character.
At the meeting of Congress, he came here to
fulfil his trust; but the disease which had marked
him for its victim made such rapid inroads upon
his constitution, that he was compelled to leave his
seat the fiist week of the session. He returned to
his home, where he died in the midst of his family
and friends. Those whom he had cherished and
protected were around him to smooth his pillow
m the last struggle between time and eternity; and
he died, as the good man only can die, calmly
relying upon the mercy of the Redeemer. Whilst
we mourn his eatly death wc should rejoice that his
life was so pure as to warrant the hope that he has
only exchanged mortality for a happy immortality.
It only remains for me to submit the following
resolutions;
Rezolvcd, That the Senate lias received with deep sensi-
bility the menace from the House of Representatives an-
nouncing thy death of the Hon. John W. Hornbeck, a
RrpteM'iitauve tiom the State of Pennsylvania
Resolved, That tiie members of the Senate, from a sincere
desire of showing ev ery in.uk oi respect to the memory of
the deceased, will wear the usual badge of mourning for
thirty daj s.
RcsHved, That as a further testimony of respect for the
memory of the deceased, the Senate do now adjourn.
The resolutions were unanimously agreed to,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 24, 1848.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON introduced to the
House his colleague, Hon. Albert G. Brown,
Representative elect from the fourth congressional
district of the State of Mississippi, who was qual-
ified, and took his seat.
CLERKS IN THE PENSION OFFICE.
Mr. COCKE rose and inquired if it was in order
to move to discharge the Committee of the Whole
from the further consideration of the joint resolu-
tion authorizing the Commissioner of Pensions to
employ an additional number of clerks in his
office.
The SPEAKER said it would require a sus-
pension of the rules to introduce and pass the res-
olution. This being Monday, a suspension of the
rules was in order.
• Mr. COCKE would move, then, a suspension
of the rules for that purpose; and should the rules
be suspended, and the resolution taken from the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
he would move an amendment to strike from it
that feature that contained an appropriation of
money.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to.
The question then being on discharging the
committee, it was agreed to.
The next question being on the adoption of the
resolution—
Mr. COCKE moved to amend it by striking out
the appropriation. He believed (he said) that
every member of the House deemed it of great
importance that the resolution should be passed,
and passed immediately. He therefore moved the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. The first question, if the de-
mand for the previous question is seconded, will
be on the amendment of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee.
Mr. COBB appealed to Mr. Cocke to withdraw
the demand for the previous question. Many gen-
tlemen, he said, had voted for the suspension of
the rules to bring the gentleman's resolution before
the House, expecting, as was no doubt known to
the gentleman from Tennessee, to move an amend-
ment. He trusted the gentleman would not insist
upon the previous question, and endeavor to force
tnis resolution through without affording those
friendly to it an opportunity to move such amend-
ments as they thought proper. He saw no neces-
sity for it, now that the House had indulged the
gentleman by discharging the committee, and he
hoped the demand would be withdrawn.
Mr. COCKE, in response to the appeal, with-
drew the demand for the previous question.
Mr. COBB said his object in asking the gentle-
man from Tennessee to withdraw the demand for
the previous question was not to discuss the reso-
lution, or to throw any obstacles in the way of its
passage; but he believed this joint resolution pro-
posed to introduce a new feature into the legisla-
tion of Congress upon matters of this kind, which
he thought this House ought not to sanction. He
proposed to amend this bill by striking out the
name of the Commissioner of Pensions, and insert-
ing in lieu thereof the Secretary of War, or with-
out any name at all, (for he did not know that it
would be necessary, in order to vest in the usual
power, the head of the department, the authority
to make these appointment's,) that they may be
appointed in the usual manner. Why, he sub-
mitted to the House that there was no necessity,
and there was an evident impropriety in giving to ;
the heads of bureaus the appointment of their j
clerks, when they held the heads of the depart- ]
ments responsible for the conduct of the bureaus, !
and the clerks employed therein. j
It was the universal custom, it was the law of the i
land, that all these appointments should be made ,
by the head of the department. The present offi-
cers in the office of the Commissioner of Pensions ;
were appointed by the Secretary of War. The '
recommendation of the Commissioner had its prop- ; j
er influence, but the head of the department was 1
held responsible for the conduct of all the clerks '
employed in the various offices in the department, j
and he should have the power of appointing such ,
assistants to aid him in the discharge of his duty !
as he saw fit. Why take from him the power j
which was given him by law, and which it had j
invariably been the practice for him to exercise?
He saw an evident impropriety in it, and he trust-
ed the House would, without any hesitation what-
ever, strike out the name of the Commissioner of
Pensions, and say the necessary number should be
employed. He was anxious to vote for this reso-
lution, but he could not in its present Shape.
He was informed that this whole subject had
been before one of the standing committees, having
reference to additional force to be employed, not
only in the Pension Office, but in other offices where
they were required. If so, the whole should be
provided for at once. But he rose simply to call
the attention of the House to the fact, that this
power was vested in the head of the department
by law, and there is no reason why it should be
removed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, said that it seem-
ed to him that the resolution was very unlimited
in the authority which was proposed by it to be
conferred upon the Commissioner of Pensions.
Now, what did it provide for? To authorize the
Commissioner of Pensions to create an additional
number of officers without any limit—to give htm
a carte blanche to create any number of officers that
he might think proper to bring into his office. He
thought this was a very serious objection to the
resolution, in connection with the objection of the
gentleman from Georgia. He thought it was an
unheard-of proposition. There was no precedent
for taking the appointing power from tjie head of
the department and conferring it upon some head
of a bureau—upon some subordinate. It was a
change—an innovation upon the system that had
been established and practised upon since the or-
ganization of the Government, he supposed. He
did not know but he might vote for the resolution;
but he was not prepared to sanction the conferring
this unlimited power of appointment in any case,
nor for authorising a subordinate officer to do what
was peculiarly and clearly the province of the head
of the department to do. It was proposed to au-
thorize the Commissioner of Pensions to bring into
his office any number of clerks he might think
proper. He would say here, he had as much con-
fidence in the Commissioner of Pensions as in any
other head of a bureau. He did as much, perhaps
more, work than any other head of a bureau. He
believed the Commissioner of Pensions was one of
the hardest-working men attached to the Govern-
ment. Mr. J. said this for him, although he
might differ with him in political sentiments.
But there were some other things to which the
attention of this House and the country should be
called. Here svas a proposition to create an addi-
tional number of officers. There was no proposi-
tion to increase the number of hours they were to
work. Go to the various departments of this Gov-
ernment in this city, and among the whole thou-
sand officers—for there was about that number
belonging to the various departments here—and
how many hours' work did they do ? They went
to the office at nine in the morning, and if you
%veie there one minute aftei three, not a man was
to be found. Six out of twenty-four hours they
worked; and here was a proposition to increase
this number of office-holders, who worked only
six hours out of the twenty-four. Oh ! what a
patriotic army you would have if this resolution
passed! There would be an immense " volunteer
force," [a laugh] ifa " call" of thiskind was made.
Suppose there were only five hundred clerks in
the various departments in this city, and suppose
that their labor was increased two hours a day—
that they were required to work eight hours in-
stead of six hours a day—why it would make
a difference of one thousand hours saved to the
Government. If this one thousand hours was
divided by six, (the number of hours now worked
by each,) it would be equal to an increase of 166
officers, without any increase of expense to the
Government. Now, was eight hours a day too
much for them to work? Could they not work
eight hours out of twenty-four ? Here was a pro-
position to increase the number of officers, but not
of the hours they were to work. Go into the
country, into our cities and villages, and you would
find young men who go into the store and sell
goods all day, and at night retire to the counting-
room and journalize and ledgerize, and bting up
all their accounts for the next morning, and do
more work in one night than some of your Gov-
ernment clerks did in a tthole week. Just bring
up the number of hours; in some offices there were
