THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON/BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
REFERENCE OF PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. VINTON moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union—but withdrew the motion.
Mr. HOWELL COBB renewed it.
And the question being taken, and decided in
the affirmative—
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Joseph R.
Ixgersoll, of Pennsylvania, in the c.hair,) and
resumed the consideration of the President's mes-
sage, and of the resolutions referring the same to
the appropriate committees.
Mr. BARROW, of Tennessee, who had the
floor from a previous day, rose and addressed the
committee in nearly the following terms :
If we look into the history of the Convention
which framed the Constitution, we find that two
prominent ideas prevailed among some of the
most conspicuous men in that body. The one
was, that the executive power should be but the
reflex of the legislative power, and be depend-
ant on it; the other was a somewhat dissimilar
opinion, that the legislative power would swal-
low up the executive. Hardly, however,6 had
half a century gone round, when it was dis-
covered that the simple ideas of our revolutionary
fathers were quite too simple, and were wholly
unfounded in fact. Some ten or fifteen years ago,
we beheld a President of the United States assum-
ing almost unlimited power; while the legislative
body, on the other hand, had ceased, 111 effect, to
be an independent body, but had become the mere j
registrar of the edicts of the Executive. Then we j
were constantly heaiing of new assumptions of'
power by the Executive; Presidential vetoes were 1
become matters of everyday occurrence, and there
was not power in the Legislature to override or
resist them. This House saw a Piesident of the
United States very coijily pocket a bill which had
been submitted for his consideration and approval.
These things were done by a President whose pop-
ularity was unbounded—overwhelming; a Presi-
dent whose military achievements added yet fur-
ther stiength to the might of an indomitable will.
The man i refer to,as everyone must be sensible,
is Andrew Jackson—a man for whom, though I
often differed fiom him in sentiment, I ever enter-
tained a very great respect, and who, compared
with some of las successors at this day, towered
as far above them as the tallest giant rises above a
pigmy.
When these things happened, many good men,
who deeply regretted their occurrence, comforted
themselves with the belief that when he left the
Executive office, it would relapse again to the
level where the Constitution had placed it, and
that so large an amount of power would never
'>'• attempted to be wielded by any inferior man. !
But what have we witnessed? Ilaidly twelve
years have passed before wo find a power actually
exercised of which Andrew Jackson would never
have dreamed, but, from the use of which, great as
he was, that bold man would have shrunk back;
and exercised, too, (and its exercise gravely de-
fended in this House,) by a man who, while
occupying the chair once filled by Washington, is
inferior to any but one who ever was seated there;
and in saying this, I mean no personal disresnect
to. tae President, of the United States. Can lus
friends and advocates on this floor point us to any
great achievements, civic or military, which ought
to have placed him in that seat? Can they, will
they, attempt-to deny that he has exercised a power
which Andrew Jackson never pretended to assume,
and never would have attempted to use in all the
heigh t of lus ascendency—I mean the war power?
Ihis being the fact, ought not the fear to sink
anew, with added conviction, on the mind of all,
that, as the Executive power can thus be employed
by a very inferior man, it ought to be watched with
the utmost care? and should we not all recollect
that eternal, unsleeping jealousy is the price we
must pay for liberty? There seems to be some-
thing about the office itself, drawing after it, as it
docs, so vast an amount of patronage, which ren-
ders i^almost omnipotent for evil.
15
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 26, 1848.
I have said that the President of the United
States has exercised the war power—a power re-
served under the Constitution exclusively to the
legislative department of this Government. Had
I time, I would gladly go into an argument to prove
this, and would discuss the origin of the present
war. But I have not time for this, purposing, as
I dp, to touch on other topics to which I think
it proper to allude. I will say, however, that,
anxious as I have been to hear something which
might shake, if it were but for an instant, the
opinion I am constrained to hold upon that sub-
ject, (and I have been sensible that it could not be
examined with too much attention,) I have never
felt the opinion stagger for a single moment that
the war was commcnced unconstitutionally and
unnecessarily by the President of the United
States.
I had prepared, on the first day of the present
session, a resolution which I intended to offer, de-
claring that the existing war with Mexico was
unnecessary; that it might have been avoided; and
that, in bringing it on, the President was guilty of
usurping a power not conferred on him by the
Constitution; but, owing to some cause—indolence,
perhaps, or modesty, or something else—I never
presented it. I have, however, enjoyed the oppor-
tunity of voting for and sanctioning the amend-
ment moved by my honorable friend from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Asiimu.v,] and I can truly say that
I never voted for anything more willingly in nil
my life than I did for that amendment. And why?
Our opponents taunt us, and ask why we do not im-
peach the President? Why, do they really think
us to be fools ? Do they imagine we have not more
common sense than to undertake an impossibility ?
For why should we even hope to succeed in con-
demning a President when a majority of his triers
were to consist of his own party ? I hope we have
more sense than that. But,"as the grand inquest
of the nation, we have passed upon this President
a rebuke which will continue to blister his name
so long as he lives upon this earth, and which will
affix a stain upon his remembrance while history
endures. And let it stay there. I stand here as
the chosen representative of seventy thousand of
the free people of Tennessee; and, whenever a
i President of the United States shall attempt to de- I
pnve me of the excrci.sc of that power which the
Constitution haw conferred on me as their renre- !
sontative, and on them through me, I will resist !
him to the la^t. T say again, let it stay fhere. I i
am ready to vote the declaration in that amend- j
ment to-morrow. I have no fear, in giving such
a vote, of the dissent of my constituency. They
know their rights, and they have, before this day, I
stood up in defence of them against the man they
loved. Still less do I fear anything from the power
of the President. I want the declaration contain-
ed in that amendment to stay there. It is the only
way in "which we can reach the President. Let it
stay there as a caution to him, and as a warning
to all who shall come after him.
And now, having made such remarks as I deem-
ed to be called for on that subject, I will call the
attention of the committee for a few minutes to a
branch of the Executive message which has not
yet been noticed here—I mean his call upon Con-
gress to raise an additional force, both of regulars
and volunteers, to that we have already in the field.
As X understand, it is recommended by the Piesi- I
dent, by the Secretary of War, and I will add, by I
the chairman of the Military Committee in the
Senate, that there be raised ten additional regi-
ments of regulars, and also twenty regiments of
volunteers, if so many shall be thought necessary.
This is an. important increase in the army of the
United States, and is a measure which demands at
our hands the utmost deliberation.
As much as the Whigs in the last Congress were
censured for voting for the bill which recognized the
existence of the war, I should myself have acted as
they did. I was not then here; but in all the region
where I was, the utmost anxiety was felt for the
extrication of our brave little army. I would have
voted for the bill as they did, and should not have
been ashamed of that vote; on the contrary, I could
New Series No. 15.
justify such a vote before the country and before
my God. I would have voted the bill under a pro-
test, notwithstanding the preamble which was
forced upon them by the tyranny of a relentless
party majority. And why? For the reason I
have already given—because the whole country
was in painful apprehension for the safety of the
gallant Taylor and his brave little army. They
had not time to inquire; they rushed almost en
masse to his rescue. I was in favor of their course.
If I should arrive at a spot where I found my father
actually engaged in conflict with another man, and
blood had already been shed, I would not stop to
inquire how he got into the fight, nor to weigh nice
questions as to which party might be in the right
—-I should rescue him at once from the grip of his
adversary, and would have examined afterwards
into the grounds of the quarrel. That was the
feeling which actuated me; and I rejoiced then,
and rejoice now, that the Whig party did not allow
themselves to be put in a false position by a pre-
amble which was forced on them with that design
by a despotic majority.
But that was a very different case from that now
presented. Then we were fighting with a nation
j whose resources had not been exhausted, and who
I] had a respectable force organized for action, while
i our own force was small and comparatively feeble,
ji But where and what is she now ? She lies bleed-
ji ing and prostrate before u<?; her seaports are all
i taken,-'her forts have surrendered to our arms, and
!: it is admitted by the official organ ofthe Adminis-
;j tration that she is utterly broken down. The or-
j| gan, remarking on the speech of Mr. Reyerdy
jonjfso.v, in the Senate, has this passage:
"Does Mr. Johnson's historical reading afford him anin-
st'inee of the power of any other country, so extensive, so
intrenched, and so d)£>tant from its foe, so completely broken
in piec es by war, in «o «hort a time as our ai iris have taken
utteiiy to break down the power of Mexico."
Here is an admission from a high authority that
the case before us is widely different from that
when the first bill of supplies was passed. Here
they own that Mexico is utterly broken down;"
that she lies powerless at our feet. Yet it is in
this posture of things that the President asks us to
increase our army until it shall amount to some
seventy-five or one hundied thousand men. It is
certain, from a1! the !>pst informed calculations,
that we have at this time an army of forty-five
thousand men; when the regiments shall be filled
: up by rccruits and volunteers, it will rise to sixty-
i five thousand. Take off fifteen thousand for the
j sick and those otherwise disposed of, and still we
! shall have an effective force of fifty thousand men—
perhaps I should say fifty thousand " bayonets,"
as that is the fashionable word. With this force
at his disposal, the President comes to this House,
and through his suboidinates recommends us to in-
crease the army by thirty thousand men more. Why
is it that he asks this amount of force? Does he
tell us boldly, as "Old Hickory" would have done,
what he wants with these men? Does he say *
why the people, through their representatives,
must grant him so great a military force ? No; in
reply to the interrogatory of this House, he wraps
the cloak of official dignity around him, and tells
us that we are attacking the Executive prerogative.
| I say, for one, that to me his reply is wholly un-
I satisfactory.
There is in this matter one point which has not,
I believe, been touched upon, but which he will
bo able neither to overlook nor overleap. If the
Senate of the United States were in executive ses-
sion, deliberating on the ratification of a treaty, and
j if, to aid their deliberations, they were in need of
certain other information in possession of the Ex-
ecutive, and should apply to the President to com- -
municate it, could he with any face refuse to send
it? Now, though we of this House are not the
treaty power, yet we are the war power; and
having sent to the Executive for information we
deem material in forming our judgment on a grant
of additional troops, could not the President have
given us that information iinder the seal of conn-
dence! And would he not have done so had
there not been something behind which will not
