226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24,
bear the light? But I have no more time to spare
on" this part of the subject at present, though I hold ,
it to be of the utmost importance to the liberties of ■
the people of this country. Itstrik.es me as singu-
lar, that while the President admits a deficiency of
eight thousand regulars and twelve thousand vol-
unteers to fill up the regiments already in the field,
he should still ask for so large an additional num-
ber of new regiments. It seems he does not ex-
pect these recruits to be raised. For myself, I am
willing to give a liberal bounty, any amount that
may be necessary, to raise the army we have to
that number which General Scott himself declares
to be sufficient to overrun all Mexico. [Here
Mr. B. quoted a despatch of Major General Scott,
in which he says, that augmenting the army to
fifty thousand men will enable it to occupy all the
State capital?, to drive off the guerrillas, to get
possession of all the revenues, and to alarm the
Government into making peacc.] Here we have
the highest military authority declaring that an
army of fifty thousand men is sufficient fnr the
conquest of ail Mexico. General Scott asks no
more; and I have shown, that without the increase
now asked for, we shall have that number of men
in the field. If the President's design is the sub-
jugation and annexation of all Mexico: if he wants
"these new regiments to absorb Mexico, to swal-
low^ her, (according to the modern beautiful
figure,) then I am utterly opposed to the granting
of men for any such purpose. I am ready to do
anything for the maintenance of the country's
honor, to secure our true national glory; I am
willing to maintain the army in its present strength,
in the expectation that thereby we may obtain
peace; but I will vote only for volunteers—not for
regulars. I would be willing to vote thirty regi-
ments instead of ten; but they l/iust be volunteers,
or 1 will not vote for them.
Why do 1 prefer them? For many reasons.
They are more easily raised. That is evidenced
by the facts furnished in the last two years. Every
man of the fifty thousand volunteers authorized
under the act of May, 1846, could have been raised
within three months from the call. They could be
raised now; and if volunteers were necessary, Ten-
nessee, Kentucky, and the other States of the
South and West, and of the North and East, too,
would furnish volunteers m one-third the time they
would regulars. It is also evident from the fact
that you cannot get the recruits necessary to make
up the number of regulars authorized by law.
Without meaning any offence to the regular army,
privates or officers, for whom I have the highest
respect—and as an evidence of the fact, I will men-
tion that years ago, when it was not so fashionable
as it is now to praise the regular officers, when
they had not that halo of glory which now sur-
rounds them, 1 was not in the habit of joining the
outcry against West Point and its pupils which
demagogues often raised against this most worthy
set of men—I repeat, that I prefer volunteers to
regulars. The volunteers have higher incentives
to action, to gallant deeds, to patriotic daring.
They come generally from men who have been
better educated, fiom men who possess some stake
in the community, and who rush forward to battle
with a thousand incentives not offered to the regu-
lar private. In the first place, the regular private
has no chance, for promotion. Cast your eye, if
you please, over the number of regular soldiers
who have distinguished themselves m the recent
battles in Mexico, and how many have been pro-
moted ? Not more than twenty, or twenty-five, or
fifty at the outside. The incentives that the vol-
unteer possesses are numerous and powerful.
Why, when he goes into battle, he fancies not
only that the eye of his immediate commander and
fellow-soldiers, not only the eye of the people of
the United States, but of the whole world, are
upon him, and he knows well if he performs any
individual act of gallantry and daring, that there
is no point so high he may not reach it; and when
striking terror into the hearts of the enemy by
some chivalrous feat which, of itself, may decide
the fortunes of the battle, visions of glory rush
upon him and render him invincible—visions not
stopped by the Legislature, by Congress, or the
Cabinet, but bounded alone by that highest civil
station in the world, within the gift of the people
of the United States, the Presidential chair itself.
Here, then, are incentives that make the volunteer
force invincible—that generally make it preferable
to the regular army for the service of* this country.
There are a hundred other reasons which I j
might mention why I prefer the volunteer to the j
regular, if we are to have more force. 1 have not j
lime to advert to them, but there is a very striking j
one to which I wish to call the attention of this :
committee. After this war is over, the volunteer ;
returns to his family. He has no further am-
bition—no desire to keep up a standing army that
he may have a share in its spoils. His object is
accomplished; he has defended his country; he
has added to the renown acquired by his ances-
tors, and he goes back to receive his reward in
the smiles of his wife and the congratulations of
his friends and compatriots. He sinks at once
from military into civil life. What is the case m
regard to regulars? They very often have no
other means of support; they have pot left a little
farm to go and join their brethren in the defence
of their country; and it becomes, therefore, almost
a necessity of existence, that they should use all
their efforts to continue thearmy at the point which
it has reached while they are there. Is not this a
danger which should startle us?—which should
make all those who are hesitating upon this sub-
! ject prefer the volunteer to the regular increase of
'thearmy? I could talk half an hour about the
dangers of a standing army; I could bring to your
recollection hundreds and hundreds of instances,
especially to the recollections of the other side of !
| the House, where denunciations of a scathing !
character have been made against all those who ,
are in favor of an increase of the regular army.
But I have not the time, and therefore must hasten
on to other topics.
Sir, another reason why I prefer the volunteer
to the tegular increase of the army, asked for by
the President of the United States, is, that I have
no desire to increase the already overshadowing ;
patronage of the Executive of the United States, j
And I must here in my place give my thanks to j
my colleague, [Mr. Johnson,] who this morning :
decried the increase of the Executive patronage, ,
or the increase of officers in the departments of the ;
Government, in such eloquent terms. He deserves !
the thanks of his constituents, and as certainly the ;
thanks of the whole country; and I trust when a
copy of his remarks appears m print, he will send ,
me five hundred, and I will distribute them all over ,
my distuct; for we have heaid of him in Tennes- '
sec as almost the giant of the Democratic party; 1
and when tin's giant steps forwnrd and says the
stream of Executive patronage is becoming too :
immense to be any further swelled, to go on cor- '
rupting and to corrupt, his constituents and the
people of the whole of Tennessee will open their j
eyes and say, This must be so, coming as it does
from a man who h,as been so good a party man,
(and I use the term in no offensive sense.)
What is the increase contemplated by the propo-
sition of the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs in the Senate ? It amounts to an in-
crease of patronage on the part of the Executive of
at least five hundred and forty officers of various
descriptions, from a major general, I presume, and
brigadier generals, down to second lieutenants.
I have no desire to lend my aid in increasing the
power of the Executive even to this extent, and
especially the power of an Executive who has now
more patronage within his gift than was ever al-
lowed to such men as Washington, Madison, An-
drew Jackson, or any other of his predecessors.
Well, in addition to these general reasons for
my opposition to the increase of the army by
regulars, I have some personal reasons—personal
to the Executive, not disrespectfully so, but per-
sonal because the facts out of which they grow
have characterized his action m similar cases here-
tofore. Now, Mr. Chairman, I will admit that,
in the present state of parties in this country, it is
very doubtful whether the doctrine heretofore
avowed, " to the victors belong the spoils," will
ever be destroyed or got rid of, however much
many honest men may wish it. In our civil con-
tests, it is probable that success will be crowned
by office and emolument; and many distinguished
and able men there are who say it is best for this
Government that it should be so. But this is ap-
plicable to our civil affairs: in our military affairs
there ought certainly to be a difference; m our
military affairs we are one people, one country—
Whigs and Democrats alike rushing forward to
defend their country; and the truth of this asser-
tion has been as much exemplified in the Mexican
war as in many other events which have taken
place during our existence as a nation. "V et, with
this union, which ought to be sustained and pre-
served by every man in this Government when
fighting against a foreign Power, what do we be-
hold in the President of the United States? ^ He
has had the appointment, at various times, of six-
teen major generals and brigadier generals, or of
fourteen, and two have declined to accept. Look
at the list, from Lieutenant General Benton down
to the smallest brigadier generals—for there are
some small brigadier generals—and you will find
that not one solitary man has ever been taken
from the Whig party; a party, to say the least,
which has furnished one-half of the volunteers
who have rushed forward to share in the glory
acquired in the Mexican war. Not one, except
CadwaJader, and ho is a neutral; and, without
meaning the slightest disrespect for him, I would
not give a fig for a neutral, for neutrals always
bend"over to the side of power. Now, with that
; single exception, what do you behold r These six-
I teen generals (or these fifteen, at any rate) taken
j from the Democratic party, while our friends of the
i Whig party are doingas much hard fighting in x\k-x-
! ico as our friends of the Democratic party. What is
; the case in regard to other officers? Ten colonels,
| ten lieutenant colonels, twenty majors, a number of
quartermasters, assistant quartermasters, commis*
| sarics, &c., have been appointed in these ten regi-
ments, and what was the result, sir? If" I am not
mistaken, in looking into the subject with caie, I
do not think, out of the whole number, a dozen
Whigs have been appointed. If I am mistaken,
let some gentleman correct me. And besides tlvs,
some five or six hundred or more imenoi offi-
cers have been appointed. The President might
have got over the difficulty by saying, Well, as I
consider this a political affair, I want my friends
taken care of out of the large officcs, ana you may
have a share of the infeiior offices, especially as
those inferior offices come in contact witn the
men, and one-half the men are Wings. But out of
these five or six hundred officers, I request any man
to show me fifty Whigs. Wei!, the Whigs fight
as well as the Democrats, and the Demociat&> as
well as the Whigs; for, as^much of a partisan as
I may be esteemed, it does seem to me, if I had
been in the Piesidential chair, I should have blush-
ed with shame could I have had the hardihood to
have conferred every one of these offices, when
1 we are in mortal combat with a foreign Power,
1 unon my own party, at the same time proclaiming
to the world that lam a patriot, and the President,
not of a party, but of the whole American nation.
Now, if'the President and his friends can show
i me that there was not material in the Vv hig party
| to make a portion of these generals, then I will
' make my bow to him, and say the President has
! done right. But, as long as I can point to the names
] of Campbell, McKee, Hardin, Clay,(the gallant son
of a noble sire)—as long as I can point to two gen-
, tlemen on this floor, one my own colleague, [Colo-
I riel Haskell,] and the other a distinguished gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Major Gaixes] sojong I
will say that any man who takes that position is
entirely mistaken. It is well known we have such
materials as these men furnish, to say nothing of
the very mafiy gallant Whigs in the regular service.
It was impossible for the President of the United
States to make such a mistake, unless he did it
designedly, and with the view of* doing what has
never been done before—of carrying partisan feel-
ings into the apportionment of military honors and
appointments among those gallantly engaged in the
defence of our common country.
Now, to sum up, in a few words, my objections
under this head: the President shows himself so
much of a partisan and so little of a patriot that I
am unwilling to give lum any increase of power
and patroflage, such as would lie conferred by es-
tablishing ten additional regiments of regulars.
I do not want to impugn the motives of any
man; but wc ate nil aware that an important elec-
tion is approaching, and live or six hundred addi-
tional electioneered thrown into different towns
in this Union, under the titles of captains, lieuten-
ants, &c., will be possibly empowered to add very
much to the strength of the party in power, and
of those who are expected to follow in the foot-
steps of the nrcsent incumbents of office. 1 do
not impute any bad motives to those gentlemen
who may recei\e the appointments, if these addi-
tional regiments of regulars are raised; but it is
human nature to admire the power which has
