1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227
favored us, and to endeavor to keep that party in
power from whom we have received office.
I now come to a very important matter, and one
to which, in the very short time yet allowed to me,
I shall not be able to do anything like justice.
Mr. Chairman, this is a startling crisis; these are
alarming times. And yet' the people seem to be
sleeping over the edge of a dreadful precipice.
Such a crisis has not arisen since the foundation
of this Government. Talk to me of your embargo
laws, your tariff excitements, your Florida war,
or your last war with Great Britain—there never
has occurred in the whole course of our national
existence so fearful, so momentous a crisis in our
affairs as now stares us in the face. We are called
upon to ''swallow" eight whole millions of peo-
ple, to subjugate and annex a large territory to
this; a territory inhabited by men of a different
l>lond, of a different color, and, above all, of a dif-
ferent religion 1 And this proposition is now made
in high places; and yet you do not see the whole
people rising up, as if moved by one spirit and ac-
tuated by a common sense of danger, and saying
to this spirit of aggression and conquest which
now seems to govern the Executive and some of
his friends, "Thus far shalt thou go, and no
further." -That very apathy, that very failure
thus to rise up, almost congcals my very heart's
blood; for it is an evidence that the people are not
as wide awake to the danger as they ought to be.
Some gentlemen may say that these are not
the opinions of the Executive. But there is not
a man of observation or sense in this House
that does not know it is the intention of the domi-
nant party. Look at the declarations of some of
its prominent members in the Senate; look at the
toast drunk at the late 8th of January supper by a
distinguished Senator from New York, [Mr. Dick-
inson:] "A more perfect Union, embracing the
whole American continent;" look at what you
hear and see every day in the streets; converse
with any gentlemen of the Democratic party that
will avow their real sentiments—and I have con-
versed with such—and they will tell you that upon
the banners that party will raise at the next elec-
tion will be "The whole of Mexico;" and they
prophesy under thataWsignal a defeat to the Whig
party as when, under the cry of "The whole of
Oregon," they rcitlied and elected their President,
who was committed to that as " clear and unques-
tionable." But they were discomfited—I may say,
disgraced—for, while avowing sentiments of that
kind, they yet were willing to vote a compromise
yieldmga large part. I say this in no unkindness to
any of thegentlemen who were involved in this pro-
ceeding; for many of them I lmveall.propnr regard.
Sir, I object to the subjugation of Mexico; 1 am
opposed to the dismemberment of a sister Kepub-
hc. 1 am opposed to it, because it is fraught with
rvils that may lead to revolution, to rum, to death.
I would like, sir, to go on upon this subject, but I
have not the time, and there are some other mat-
ters to which I wish to call your attention. (By
the by, this is a most tyrannical rule, and if I had
any time 1 would rail against it, [a laugh;J but
I shall not, as my immediate predecessor [Mr.
Kwing]—an able man upon all subjects which he
touched—is said to have done, take half my hour
in complaining of it.) I would like at length—and
may do it hereafter—to give my reasons for oppo-
sing the subjugation and annexation of the whole
of Mexico. But there are one or two things to
which I must advert.
Gentlemen refer to the annexation of Texas,
and say, as we suffered m inconvenience from
that, neither can we from the subjugation and an-
nexation of Mexico The case is entirely dissim-
ilar. X exas constituted bone of our bone and flesh
of our flesh. The Texans weie our brethren, our
fathers, our cousins; they were linked to us by
blood artd by biith. And so far as immigration is
concerned—another paiallel sometimes referred to
—let the flood of immigrants from the Old World
come upon us by 500,000 a year, and what is the
effect? It is only like that of the broad Mississippi
rolling its mighty volume of water into the ocean-
it tinges the blue waves a few miles out, and then is
swallowed up in the boundless expanse. The im-
migrants become absorbed in our population; they
become assimilated to our manners and customs,
and soon, because they most generally speak the
same language and are of the same blood. This
is a growing theme, on which 1 should like to
dwell for half an hour. But I must pass on.
I wish, Mr. Chairman, distinctly to avow my
sentiments on one subject, and that is, the acqui-
sition of territory, I am opposed to the acquisi-
tion of territory, sir, by violence or conquest; and
I am willing to say that such territory as may be
deemed necessary for any of our purposes that are
legitimate should be obtained by treaty or nego-
tiation. I am opposed to the acquisition of terri-
tory by conquest or violence, by the dismember-
ment of a neighboring Republic." I could state a
thousand reasons had I the time. But I warn my
political opponents, Pause before you take the step
that is now contemplated by n\any of-your most
distinguished leaders.
Sir, when men go on for a series of years pros-
pering and to prosper, they may be so blinded by
success as to think that it is always to continue,
until they take some step which dashes from them
their cup of prosperity, and reduces them to dis-
comfiture, if not disgrace. Such has been the case
with the Presidentof the United States, in my opin-
ion, in regard to this Mexican war; and although,
when a man gets through this life without meeting
the reward of his acts, we are taught to believe he
will suffer it - in another w.orld, there are many
examples in which moral retribution overtakes him
in this life; and that moral retribution, I think, has
already overtaken Mr. Polk. Among the reasons,
in my opinion, which induced him to bring on this
war, was one that had enabled him to obtain the
Presidential chair—that was, the addition of new
territory. And what has been the result of this
effort to lay the foundation for a new triumph ?
Where is the moral retribution ? It consists in
this: He selected as one of his military agents a
plain, blunt, simple-hearted, noble-natured man,
who had not been known extensively through this
country; who was a soldier, an officer in the last
war; who distinguished himself in Florida, but
whose greatest distinction always has been that he
has discharged his duty, placed m whatever situa-
tion he may have been, be it high or of inferior
character. That man was a colonel, a brigadier
general by brevet; and he it was whom Mr. Polk,
passing over the hero of Lundy's Lane, the com-
mander-in-chief of the army of the United States,
and who would naturally have been selected as the
proper person for the command of the army in
Mexico, selected as his instrument to carry into
effect his designs, whatever they may be. Now,
what is the result? At this very moment this
almost undistinguished, this almost unknown offi-
cer has arrived at such a height of fame, that all the
efforts of the President and his party cannot pre-
| vent, as the prospect now is, his being hi« succes-
I sor. Here js a moral retribution! The very act,
j the very course of conduct, which probably from
■ his seriet heart the Executive had looked to as the
■ foundation for his own further aggrandizement and
the continued success of his own party, has been
the cause of bringing forward a man who, in all
the elements of distinction, of greatness of soul and
generosity of nature, is far above him.
While I am upon this subject, I will take a
few moments to read a short extract from a paper
which came into my possession this morning. It
is the "Baltimore Sun" of the 24th, (to-day,) con-
taining the speech of General Taylor, recently
delivered at Lafayette, Louisiana, above New Or-
leans ; and I am charmed to see, to mark the differ-
ence of language in regard to our prostrate foe,
characterizing a man who has achieved a greater
triumph probably than any ever before achieved
in this country, and a man who, situated here a
thousand miles from the scene of action, does not
seem satisfied unless he can plunge the steel of his
warriors into the very vitals of that prostrate coun-
try. Hear what Genera] Taylor says, on the 16th
of this month, in a speech delivered at Lafayette,
Louisiana:
f£ The object nearest to his heart had been to bring the
vvni to a speedy termination—to restore peace and annfy
between two neijjhbonn^ Republics, wiio had every motive
to cultivate mutual <?ood-wjll, and whom lie would prefer to
see vying with each other in the arts of peace, than con-
tending on the Held of battle.
<l lie had always hoped and believed, that, by that spirit
of forbearance and magnanimity which n srreat "and power-
ful nation should always-, practice townuU a feeble and
prostrate eriemy, peace might be restored on terms con-
sistent with the honor, the rights, and the interests of both
nations."
Mr. FEATHERSTON next obtained the floor,
and proceeded to speak an hour in reply to the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Barrow,] and
the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Tompkins,]
in justification of the war, and of the President's
message in answer to the cail of the House for the
instructions to Mr. Slidell, &c.; a full report of
which will be found in the Appendix to the Con-
gressional Globe.
Mr. DIXON next obtained the floor, but yielded
at the request of—
Mr. POLLOCK, who moved that the committee
rise; which was negatived.
Mr. DIXON, of Connecticut, said he voted, a few
days since, with the majority of this House in favor
of the proposition of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Ashmun,] that the war in which we
are engaged with Mexico was unnecessarily and
unconstitutionally commenced by the President
of the United States. He should now attempt to
prove that that proposition was true. He could
not flatter himself that in the discussion' of this
question he should be able to offer anything that
was new to the committee. The subject had been
so thoroughly discussed, not only in this House,
but-by the press throughout the country, that it
was impossible to impart to it any novelty what-
ever. In what he should say it would be neces-
sary to question the accuracy of the President
of the United States; but he should endeavor
to do so with a becoming sense of the great
importance of the President's high office. He did
not mean to impeach the President's personal ve-
racity; he would not assume that the President
had wilfully intended to deceive this House or the
people of this country. That was a position in
which he would not place the President; but he
would say that he thought the President had com-
mitted many most grievous errors. He happened,
a few days since, to meet with an extract from
some remarks made on an occasion somewhat sim-
ilar to the present by a statesman of lofty standing
in the British House of Lords, and he was struck
with the freedom with which he spoke of aver-
ments made by the King in his speech from the
throne. The statesman to whom he referred
believed that some things said by the King in his
speech were not true, and he charged falsehood
unhesitatingly upon it.
Mr. D read the following extract from Thack-
eray's Life of Lord Chatham in support of his
position:
" Some persons I see have been shameless and daring
enough to advise his Majesty to support and countenance
this* opinion (the disavowal of certain proceeding*? by the
Court of Spam) m his speech from the Throne. Certainly
my lords, there never was a moie odious, a more infamous
fal-ohood imposed on a si eat nation: itdesiades the King's
honor; it is an insult to Paihament. His Majesty has been
advised to coniiitn and give i-imencv to an absolute false-
hood. i be<r voui lord-lupV attention, and I hope I shall
be under-tood when I repr.it. that the Couitof ,^pamhaving
disavowed the aet of their Gowrnor, is an absolute false-
hood. * * ' Ff the falsehood of thi* pretended disa-
vowal had been confined to the Comt of Spain, X should
have admitted it without concern 1 should have been eon-
tent that they theniseh es had left a door open for excuse
and accommodation. rJ'he King of England's* honor is not
touched till ho adopts the falsehood, duhveis it to his Par-
liament, and makes it his own."
He had read this extract for the purpose of
showing that the freedom of debate in this House
during this and the last session of Congress was
not greater than that which was exercised in the
Parliament of Great Britain. But in the progress
of his remarks he should not avail himself of the ,
privilege claimed by others: it would be enough
for him if he could show that the President had
been guilty of gross mistakes—whether they were
intentional or not was not important to his pur-
pose.
In considering the question connected with this
pending war, he begged leave to call the attention
of the committee to one point made by the Presi-
dent, viz: by whom was the war commenced?
Why was this question so anxiously argued by
the President? Why is the question by whom
the war was commenced made so important in the
elaborate arguments contained m the vaiious mes-
sages of the President? It by no means follows
as a matter of course that a war is unjust on the
part of the nation commencing it. On the con-
trary, the presumption should be, that the part^
commencing war had just cause of war. Who
commenced our war of 1812 with Great Britain?
In defending that war and its justice, who has ever
denied that it was commenced by us? The ques-
tion who commenced the present war with Mexico
is not thus labored by the President because its
answer would decide of course the justice of the
contest, but for another reason. He well knows
