230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24,
sure, rather a Spanish sound, even that " San Pa-
tricio." And, in the Texan State constitution,
district No. 19 of Texas is said to be that same
*(San Patricio."
But, it is said, Texas made a treaty with Santa
Anna. I call the attention of the committee to that
point; and I ask if President Polk had commanded
in person, and lost the battle of Buena Vista, (not
a thing hard to be supposed,) arid had been taken
prisoner by the Mexicans, and he, while in cap-
tivity in the halls of the Montezumas, had made a
treaty ceding a part of Louisiana, would gentle-
men have been willing to assent to that instrument?
Would they have admitted it to be of binding
validity? It is a remarkable fact, that, after this so-
called treaty had been made by Santa Anna, Go-
rostiza,the Mexican minister here, sent to General
Jackson the protest of the Mexican nation against
any treaty that the captive Santa Anna might have
made, because when he made it he was under du-
ress. Yes, this Napoleon of the West was a pris-
oner to General Houston, against whom he would
have made a very brilliant affair, if it had not un-
fortunately ended in his discomfiture,and his being
found hidden in the grass. Well, he wrote a let-
ter to General Jackson, as Napoleon did to George
III., in which, while he said and swore he would
suffer a thousand deaths and I know not how many
tortures rather than yield one inch of ground to
Texas, yet, still, as the Texans would not be sat-
isfied and would not be quiet otherwise, he was
willing to yield to their wishes; and he asked Old
Hickory to give his aid in carrying into effect his
treaty with Texas. And here is the answer of
Andrew Jackson to this redoubtable letter. He
knew that the treaty was nothing, and he tells him
so. In reference to the agreement you have pro-
posed, we are forbidden to recognize it, because
you arc a prisoner: so, Mr. Santa Anna, I'll have
nothing more to do with you.
" Hermitage, September 4,1833.
"Sir: fhave the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
your letter of the 4th of Julv last, which has been forward
eil to me by Ganeuit S,u« Houston, under eovyi of one fiom
him, transmuted in an e.\pie?a front Genial Gaines. who
is in command of the Umteu States forces* on the Texan
fiontici. Thesreat object of the^ecommunications.appears
to l)y to put ati 'end to the di-;i!-t<'i - wJiicn nefe^/mh attend
the civil war now raging in Texa-, ana a*king th^ interposi-
tion oi the Cnited Sute.*- in fuiineiinir so humane ana desi-
rable a purp'isy. That any weft-intended erloit of yoms in
aid of this object should have b."en d'-ferited in calculated to
excite tlm rcuiet ot all who justly appreciate rhe bJ"fwnj s
of pcace, and who take an int rc-t in the cuijv> which con-
tribute to the prosperity ot Mexico, in her domestic as well
as her foreign relation^.
 'Tlie Government of the United States ?=; ever anxious
to cultivate peace and friendship with all nations, butitpro-
ceeds on the principle that all nations have the right to niter
amend, oi change their own government. a> the sovereign
power (the people) may duect. In this respect ji never in-
terferes with the policy of other Powers, nor can it permit
any on the, part of others with its internal policy. Consist-
ently witii this principle, whau-ver we can do to restore
peace between contending nation*, or remove the cau*c> of
misunderstanding, is cheemtlh at rhe service of tlio e who
are willing to icly upon our good offices as a friend or
mediator.
" In reference, however, to the aeicemcnt which you! as
the representative of Mexico, have~nmde with Te\as. and
which invites the interposition of the United States, you
will at once soe that we aie foibidden, by the eharactei of
the communication5- made to us through 'the Mexican mio-
ist-r, from con&idciing it. Tnat Government ha* notified
us, that a- long as you are a prwonet, no act of yours will
be regarded m oindirig by the Mexican authorities. Under
these circumstances, it will be manifest to yuu that good
faith to Mexico, as well as the general principle to which I
have adverted as forming the basis of our intercourse with
all foreign Powers, makes it impossible for me to take any
step like that you have anticipated. If, however, Meueo
should signify her willingness to avail herself of ot'n rood
offices in bringing about the deniable lesult you havede-
scubed, nothing could give me more pleasure than to devote
, my ben services to it. To be instrumental m terminating
th" evils of civil wai, and in substituting in their stead the
blessings of p^ao'\ i;; a divine privilege. Eveiy Government
and the people oi' all couutnes should feel it their hi-h^t
happiness to enjoy an opnoi fimfy of thus manifesting their
Jove of each othei,and their interest m the generaf prin-
ciples which apply to them ali as mmik-is of the common
family ol man.
" Tour ieiier, and that of General Houston, commander-
in-chief ot the T"\-oi army, wiii be made the basis of an
tally interview with the Mexican minister at YVa^hmotnu
They will hasfn my return to Washington, to which place
I will scr out in a f^w pavs, expecting to reach it by the 1st
of October. In the mean time I hops Mexico and Te.\a<?
feeling that war i- the greatest of calamities, will pau=e
before another c unpauu is nndeuaken. and can add to the
munbet < f t!io-e -<oncs of bloodshed which have already
maiked tiie progress of their contest, and have given <so
mach pain to then Christum hiends throughout thc'world.
/'This is sent undei cover toGeneial Houston, who will
give it a safe conveyance to \ ou
"1 am, very respectfully, vour obedient servant,
«rp ft • " jackson,
lo ten. Anxokto Loi>>^ de Santa A.\na.-';
But what says President Polk ? He says that
this treaty of Santa Anna's is an argument to
prove that American blood had been shed on
American soil. I am not surprised at that; but I
confess I was surprised when I found that so dis-
tinguished a lawyer as the Senator from Maryland
[Mr. Reverdy Johnson] had brought it forward
as worthy of consideration.
Here Mr. D.'shour expired, and the hammer
of the Chahman fell.
Mr. BEDINGER then obtained the floor, but
yielded to a motion that the committee rise; which
prevailing,
The committee rose and reported progress,
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 24, 1848.
Mr. RUSK presented the credentials of Hon. Sam
Houston, elected a Senator of the United States
from the State of Texas for the term of six years,
from the 4th March, 1847.
The credenlials having been read,Mr. Houston
was qualified, and took his seat.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. WEBSTER presented a petition from Rob-
ert Shaw and other respectable merchants of Bos-
ton, complaining of the unjust operation of the
eighth section of the tariff act of 1846, and praying-
that it maybe amended, so that the standard ot
weight and measure, on which the ad valorem du-
ties were assessed, might be fixed and uniform;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WEBSTER also presented a petition from
citizens of Bedford county, Pennsylvania, praying
for a reduction of the rates of postage; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. WEBSTER also presented a memorial from
ministers and laymen of Unitarian congregations,
praying for the adoption of measures for the speedy
restoration of peace; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. WEBSTER also presented a petition, sim-
ilar in us import, from citizens of Biiierica, Mas-
sachusetts; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BERRIEN" presented a petition from J. J.
Flournoy, praying the adoption of a mode of set-
tling international disputes by arbitration; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. LEWIS presented a petition from the
General Assembly of the State of Alabama, pray-
ing for the establishment of a national armory in
the neighborhood of Tuscaloosa; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BAGBY presented a memorial of the Le-
gislature of the State of Alabama, praying the
pass'age of a law for reducing and graduating the
price of the public lands; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DICKINSON presented papers in relation
to the patent of Jethro Wood; which were referred
to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. DICKINSON also presented a petition from
citizens of Nunda, New York, praying a reduction
in the rates okpostage; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BRADBURY presented a petition from
Amos Doughty, a soldier of the last war, praying
for a pension; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. ASHLEY presented a petition from Rey-
nolds May, praying to be released from a judg-
ment obtained against him by the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. R. JOHNSON presented a petition from
Alexander Murdoch, praying the return of duties
ori articles imported for the Presbyterian church;
wnich was referred to the Committee on Finance.
reports from committees.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian^Affairs, reported a joint resolution for the
reliex of Jonathan Lewis; which was read a first
time.
| Mr* BALDWIN, from the Committee on
j Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Jeanette C.
1 Huntington, widow and executrix of William
Cheever, deceased ; which was read a first time.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill to require the holders of
military land warrants to compensate the land offi-
cers of the United States for services in relation to
the location of these warrants; which was read a
first time.
Mr. BREESE, from the same committee, re-
ported, without amendment, a bill granting a right
of v/ay to the State of Illinois, and a donation of
public lands for making a railroad to connect the
Upper and Lower Mississippi with the chain of
northern lakes at Chicago.
Mr. DAYTON, from the Committee on Patents,
reported a bill for the relief of Oliver C. Harris ;
which was read a first time.
Mr. TTPHAM, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, made an adverse report on the
petition ofGustavus B. Horner.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill for the relief of John Milli-
kin and others,, to secure certain rights to pre-
emption in the State of Louisiana; which was read
a first time.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on
Claims, made an adverse report on the petition of
Don Carlos Buell.
Mr. BADGER, from the Committee on Military-
Affairs, reported a bill placing the officer who per-
forms the duty of adjutant at the Military Acad-
emy on an equality, as to pay and allowances,
with the adjutants of regiments; which was read
a first time.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported, without amendment,a
bill supplemental to an act passed the 9th day of
July, 1846, entitled u An act to retrocede the coun-
ty of Alexandria, in the District of Columbia,, to
the State of Virginia.
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER,
Reso'ved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to oommun eate to the Senate, it not inconsistent
with the public mteiest, the correspondence of Mr. Wise,
late Minister, &.C., of the United States at the court of
Brazil, with th"5 Department of State of the Cnited States,
and with the Minister and Secretary of State for Foreign
Arrhns ot Si^zil, with the accompanjins paper?, as em-
braced in his despatches from number 53 to number 6-1 inclu-
sive, and m hi-? de-parch from off the capes of Virsinia,
dated October 9. 18-17. and in his letter to the Secretary of
Stale, dated at Wellington. "November 3. 1847; and the de-
spatches of Mr. J-JiK'lidiwin, Secretary ofSt ite, to Mr. Wi-«e,
number 30, dated the 2d Fcbiuarv, 1847, and number 33,
dat"d 23th March, 1847; all relating to the imprisonment of
Aionzo B. Davis, a lieutenant of the United States navvy
and three <eam^n of the United State:*, by tlx1 police author-
ity of the city or Kiode Janeiro, on the £l*t of October, 1846.
On motion by Mr. WESTCOTT,
R'sAv&l, That the Committee on the Ju'iciary be in-
structed to inquire into the piopriefy of increasing The salaiy
of the United States District Judge for South Floiida.
On motion by Mr. WESTCOTT,
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Patents be directed
to report to the Senate such information as he may have in
his possession, or may obtain, that he deems important with
reference to fuither legislation by Comirct>s, for the preven-
tion of the e.\plosion of ^team-boilers, used in boat?, or for
engines on railroads, and whethei any amendments to the
patont laws are adv^able to effect such object.
Mr. CAMERON submitted the following reso-
lution; which lies over :
Revolted, That the Committee on Printing be authorized
to employ a clerk, to whom the u nnl per drem compensa-
tion shall be paid, out of the contingent fund of the Senate.
The following resolution submitted by Mr.
BERRIEN, was taken up for consideration:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to furnish to the Senate copies of the letter*, re-
ports, or other commnnication-v whirl) are referied to in the
letter of General Zacharv Taylor, dated at New Oil<jans ?
20th of July, 184o, and addressed to the Secretary of War,
and which are so referred to as containing the view& of Gen-
eial Taj lor previously communicated, m regard to the line
proper to he occupied at that time by the United States.
Mr. BERRIEN hoped the resolution would be
acted on. He had had a conversation with the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
who had stated that he had no objection to the
adoption of the resolution.
The resolution was then agreed to.
washington monument.
Mr. MILLER moved to postpone the previous
orders, for the purpose of taking up the joint reso-
lution authorizing the erection on the public
grounds in the oty of Washington of a monument
to George Washington.
The motion having been agreed to, the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole, and re-
ported without amendment; and the question being
on its engrossment—
Mr. ALLEN expressed a desire that the joint
resolution might be postponed until the Senator
