232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24,
that of tbs President himself. The resolution asks
the President to communicate information relative
to the fundamental law of a foreign Government.
Well, sir, it is, I believe, to be presumed that we
ought to know as much as the Executive about the
fundamental law of a foreign Government. The
call is therefore altogether unnecessary.
The question discussed at some length by the
Senator from Connecticut is one, not for us, but for
Mexico to determine. It is for Mcxico to say
whether, under her fundamental law—if funda-
mental law she has—there is power to cede any or
every foot of territory she possesses. That power
Mexico herself has already recognized. She has
already exerted that power. Pending the nego-
tiations anterior to the annexation of Texas, Mex-
ico, as every member of this Senate well knows,
made the offer to Texas of a recognition of her
independence, on condition that she should refuse
annexation to the United States; thereby admitting
that she had the power to dispose of any poition
of her territory at her will. She always claimed
Texas as hers till that period. I did not catch
distinctly the whole of the remarks made by the
Senator from Connecticut, but if I understood the
purport of his argument, he holds that the power
of making a cession of terruoiy may belong to a
monarchy, but does not exist in a republic. The
Senator shakes his head. Does he then deny the
existence of that power in a monarchy? If he
does, he denies a principle as old—I was about to
say—as time; certainly one coexistent with the
monarchical form of government. There never
was a monarchy upon the face of the earth where
the question could be raised as to the risjht to dis-
pose of her territory or dominions, or any part of
them—never. It is quite enough to refer to the
treaties of peace concluded at the termination of
wars between great monarchies, in order to show,
that under that form of government the power of
ceding territory was always exercised. That right
has always been exercised in monarchical govern-
ments, and I will briefly show that the majority
has asserted the same power in this country. But
I contend here that Mexico, being neither a mon-
archy nor a republic, nor an aristocracy, but an
anarchy, must have the right somewhere. The
Senator speaks of a fundamental law in Mexico,
about which he would call upon the President
to deliver a message. What is that fundamental
law? What has it been from 1832, till the present
hour? Why, sir, it has been nothing but the
arbitrary will of each successive military despot
who has raised himself to supreme power by his
sword.
But with regard to the power of making a ces-
sion of territory in a republican Government, we
know that the majority have twice decided m this
body that it existed here. First, in the settlement
of the northeastern boundary, you findj by the
unanimous vote of the Senate recorded upon your
Journals, that it was declared that the whole of
that disputed tenitory was the property of the
United States, and yei, by the Ashburton treaty,
a large portion of the territory thus declared to be
ours was surrendered. I repeat, by a unanimous
vote of the Senate (if I am in error 1 can be cor-
rected ; but I believe I am right) the whole of that
territory was declared to be the property of the
United States, and yet a treaty ratified by the
Senate surrendered a large poition of that territory,
and the most valuable in a military point of view.
Then, again, the second instance is afforded in that
blackest feature in our history—the settlement of
the Oregon question—in which, after almost eveiy
department of the Government had declared that
our title to the whole of Oregon was unquestiona-
ble, we yielded up a large part to England. There
exists, then, iij this Government, as in a monarchi-
cal Government, the power of ceding territory*, and
I cannot see why the exercise of that power can
be denied in an anarchical Government, such
as that of Mexico. At any rate, to what does
the Senator's argument amount, when we come
to bring it directly home to the case as it exists?
Mexico has for a series of years urged war upon
us. She has urged war upon us by every act
which has ever been held a just cause of war; nay,
by a series of acts, running through a period of
twelve or thirteen years, from the hour in which
Texas declared herself independent. From the
battle of San Jacinto down to the battle of Palo
Alto, there has not been an hour in which Mexico
was not resolved to provoke a war with the United
States,. The whole history of the intercourse be-
tween the two nations proves, as clearly as the
sunshine, that that was the studied and constant
effort of Mexico. On another occasion, however,
I shall take an opportunity of entering at length
upon that subject, and of demonstrating, I think
irrefragably, the soundness of the position which
I have thus assumed. Mexico, then, urges us
into this war. She forces upon us a conflict in-
volving an immense sacrifice of life and expendi-
ture of treasure; and at the close of this conflict,
the Senator from Connecticut, according to the
doctrine this day enunciated, would suffer Mexico
to go " scot free," insisting oniy that she should
say she was sorry for her conduct.
"Sir, I do not approve of such a course of policy.
I hold, that in common with all nations that have
ever existed, we have a right to make this offender
pay the penalty of her transgression. She has
no gold wherewith to reimburse us; but she has
land, and that land we want, and I hope and trust
we will get. I call, if it be in order, for a division
of the Question.
Mr. BALDWIN. The Senator from Indiana
says, that the information sought by the resolution
is presumed to be in the possession of every de-
partment of the Government. Undoubtedly, it is
always presumed that we are acquainted with the
general historical facts in regard to the Republic
of Mexico. But when the President of the United
States recommends to Congress a specific course;
when he recommends to Congress the acquisition
of dominion by forced cession of that Republic;
i and when a knowledge of the fundamental mstitu-
| tions of that Republic does not lead us to the con-
j elusion that she has the power which the President
| asks us to demand her to exercise, then it appears
i to me that it is proper and respectful to the Presi-
I dent himself to ask that he shall communicate to
| the Senate the information which he possesses, and
I which has led him to a different conclusion. I
| have endeavored to show, that upon our own know-
j ledge of the fundamental principles upon which
! that Government is based, we could not, cither
! upon any principle lecognized by ourselves, or
! upon any principle to be found in the lav/ of na-
j tions, infer that such an authority existed; and it
is because 1 have felt that we could not, from our
j own knowledge, perceive that Mexico had the
, power, which it is necessary she should possess,
to enable her to make the cession we require, that
I deemed it due to the Executive to call upon him
for any information he may possess which has
led him to arrive at a different conclusion. But,
sir, the Senator from Indiana says that this is not
a question for us—it is for Mexico alone to decide
whether she has the power to cede or not. Is this
so, sir? Are we called upon to expend millions of
the public money for the acquisition of territory,
without being peimitted to inquire into the nature
of the title which we may get? Is it enough that
the Mexican Republic, under the pressure of our
arms, wiil be willing to vacate her own jurisdic-
tion? Does that satisfy the United States that they
thereby shall rightfully acquire sovereignty over
that people? I desire that the President may in-
form us upon what principle recognized by our-
selves—upon what principle recognized by the
Republic of Mexico, the sovereignty of the people
is transferable, like property, for the payment of
claims against that Government. Is thdt the doc-
trine of the American people ? Do they hold that
sovereignty is no longer inalienable, as it was de-
clared to be by our fathers m the days of the Revo-
lution? Do they hold that it is a commodity to
be transferred from one people to another, in pay-
ment of demands against that confederated Govern-
ment, which it may not be convenient for that
Government to discharge, except by ceding a por-
tion of the Confederacy to another government?
How would this doctrine be regarded, if its appli-
cation were attempted by a foreign government
either to the people of this country or to the peo-
ple of Mexico ? My fiiend from Indiana has intro-
duced a resolution affirming that this Government
could not look with complacency upon the estab-
lishment of monarchical government over any
portion of this continent. But, sir, Mexico owes
to subjects of monarchical governments a debt
immensely greater than the amount due by her to
our citizens. Mexico owes, as we arc informed—
if I mistake not, by Mr. Siideil—a debt of one
hundred and fifty millions of dollars, of which, by
far the largest portion is due to the subjects of
monarchical governments in Europe. If Mexico
has a right to pay her debts by the cession of her
territories, has not any other government, whose
duty it is to protect its own citizens, and obtain
indemnity for their just claims, the same right that
we have to demand that theclaimants shall be paid
in territory? And how can we, a sister republic,
stultify ourselves before the world in making a
solemn declaration that we will not look with com-
placency upon the establishment of any monarchi-
cal government upon this continent—that we will
resist the cession of any territory to any foreign
government, when we are ourselves asserting the
right of Mexico to transfer dominion over the
States of that Confederacy, in satisfaction for the
claims of our own citizens ? I should like to be
consistent before the world. I would make no
avowal of right, claimed by us, which I would not
equally concede to any other government.
But, sir, I deny entirely the power of Mexico to
cede either to a monarchical government or to this
Republic, any portion of the sovereignty of the
people of that Confederacy, without their consent.
I deny that the Government of Mcxico has a right
to cede to the Government of the United States a
jurisdiction over Tamaulipas, for the purpose of
satisfying the demands of our citizens against the
Mexican Government, which it is not convenient
for her at this time to discharge. I deny that she
has any more power to do so than the United
States would have to cede one of the States of this
Union, for the purpose of discharging any claims
which might exist against the Government on the
part of the people of any foreign government. I
ask, Mr. President, is it m the power of any of the
States of this Union—of Mississippi, for example,
or of any other State, owing debts which at this
moment it may not feel itself able to discharge—to
cede a portion of its sovereignty for the purpose of
discharging the debt5 Has this Republic that
power? "If not, why? Because, like every other
free government, ours is based upon the great prin-
ciple that sovereignty vests in the people, and is
ever inalienable without the assent of the people.
We are, 1 believe, about to enter on a career for
the establishment of a new principle which calls
for the avowal by this Republic of the doctrine
that we can deprive another people of their sover-
eignty, in order to obtain payment of the claims
which we have against them. This, sir, is entire-
ly in accordance with that spirit of rapacity which
in other countries has led to the conquests made
by kings claiming to govern by divine right. We
hold a different theory. We have promulgated a
different doctrine heretofore. We claim that all
men are to be regarded as capable of self-govern-
ment—that in regard to their political rights they
stand on the broad platform of equality, liberty,
and freedom. It is our boast, sir, to cherish these
principles—to manifest our sympathy wherever
the spirit of republicanism exists. Europe now
feels the influence of our example, and the great
principles of free government begin to be acknowl-
edged. Are we, then, now about to establish a dif-
ferent doctrine? Are we about to relapse into
despotism ? Are we to offer in our policy a justi-
fication of the conduct of those who have claimed
by the divine right of kings to indulge m rapacity
and conquest? I hope not. And if the President
of the United States asks us to wage the war with
Mexico, for the purpose of forcing from her a ces-
sion of her territory, it is due to him—it is due to
ourselves—that we should respectfully ask of him
to inform us upon what principle in the Govern-
ment of that Republic we are authorized to demand
that cession. I wish the President to inform us
whether if Mexico should cede to us this territory
which we are thus seeking to acquire, we should
thereby acquire aright, independently of the will of
those thus ceded to us, to exercise dominion over
.them; or whether we shall then be obliged to make
a new treaty with those who are thus attempted to
be transferred, before we shall acquire any right
whatever over them. I do not deny—it is not ne-
cessary that I should deny—the power of one re-
public, feeling its inability to maintain its own
sovereignty, to meige itself in that of another, as
was done by the Government of Texas; though I
do deny the power of this Republic to acquire
territory in the manner in which Texas was ac-
quired without the consent of the people. But,
says tiie gentleman from Indiana, Mexico is not a
republic, and it has always been conceded that a
monarchy had the power to cede territory. I have
