1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
the object and the only object avowed in the act.
It is thus clearly proved to haVe been an act passed
not for conquest, but to meet the threatened danger
of a French aggression.
3Not a-man was ever called for. The idea of
seizure for conquest never was entertained for a
moment, and the whole controversy was speedily
settled by J.he treaty of 1803, which ceded Louisi-
ana to the United States.
Such is the history of this most interesting
period in our national affairs. Itwasdistinguishea
for the moderation, prudence and forbearance of
our rulers. The resolutions of Mr. Ross, to which
I referred on a former occasion, were first deprived
of their hostile characteristic, c< to authorize the
1 President to take immediate possession of such
4 place or places in the island of New Orleans or the
4 adjacent territories, as he may deem fit and con-
* venient"—every Democrat voting to strike it out.
See files of National Intelligencer for February 28,
1803. The bill reported in pursuance of the reso-
lutions, as amended and adopted on the same day
by the same party, avowed its object to be the
same with these resolutions as thus amended—
" the security of the territory of the United States,"
threatened, as we have seen, with invasion of the
French army under General Victor.
Those who may desire to prosecute this inter-
esting inquiry further, will find the whole pacific
policy of the Republican party fully explained in
the then existing organ of that party, by recurring
to the files of the National Intelligencer for 1803;
February 23, 28; March 9, 14, 23, 30, and April
22. The essay published in that paper under the
last date, shows that the paity at that clay scouted
the whole doctrine on which this Mexican war
has been and is now supported. They demanded
a disavowal by Spain of the act of the "mleridunt at
New Oileans, which denied to us our treaty right
of deposit, instead of declaring war on account of
it; and they obtained it without bloodshed. But
in j846, when the first aggression against us was
committed on the Rio Grande, our Government
treated the act of the Mexican officer who took
Thornton's dragoons, as an act of war, instead of
demanding a disavowal of it, as the Republican
party did m the case of Spanish aggression in 1803.
The Opposition in 1803 clamored for war on ac-
count of the proclamation of the Spanish intendant
at New Orleans denying our right of deposit.
The answer given to this clamor by the Demo-
cratic party is fully set forth in all their speeches
and meetings at "that day on the subject. The
writer I have referred to in the party organ on the
22d April, 1803, thus meets the clamor:
"■ To involve the nation in all 111*' honoisof wni foi the
un lawful act of a auhoidinato officer, would he lire height of
polific.il <!' pr.ivitv. It would introduce a rnle ol wlmh wo
could not complain, and undci winch this nation, at any
future time, might he involved in wai by the unlawlul oi
wanlon act ol any of her oihceis. It would be vmually
tiansfcrring the ail-nnportant question of war and peace
from the ltepi esentatives ot the people and the Government
of the eountiy to the captain ot a tngate. The act of an
individual officer vs not an art of the nation till sanctioned
by the nation to which he belong', as it is impossible for the
most ugilant and best regulated government to control the
actions ot it* agents and subjects on all occasions. Hence
it follow.-, that the Government, by declaims war, would
have committed an act of inju&ttce against Spain, establish-
ing a irrcce'ent which might prove tafal to the future peace
of this nation, utuJ-jtistlu merited the cxccrutiorioj the v o> id.'
Had these principles been applied in 1846 by
our Executive; had a demand been made (as was
then urged by the opposition in this Chamber) on
Mexico, to avow or disavow the act by which it
was alleged that American blood hnd been shed
on American soil, and repair any injustice, there
would have beeen no war. Such a demand was
made by the Government when the Leopard made
the infamous attack on the Chesapeake, and the
consequence was a disavowal, which saved us the
necessity of treating the attack as war. But in
the case of Mexico, the principles which formerly
governed us were abandoned, and the act which
was unilateral, and not even avowed or justified by
Mexico herself, was immediately declared to be
war by us, without allowing the Mexican Govern-
ment any opportunity to disavow it. This was as
hostile to the true principles of international law,
as it was in direct opposition to the whole former
course of this Government.
Mr. HANNEGAN. Really, sir, I think it
hardly fair that the Senator from Rhode Island
should be called upon at this late hour of the day,
to £o on and address the Senate.
Mr. CLARKE. It was my expectation to have
occupied the floor at the appointed hour; but as so
much time has been taken up in the discussion
this morning, and so much more will probably be
required to finish it—so far as regards myself, I
will readily give way, if it be the wish of the Sen-
ate that the present discussion should continue.
Indeed, I should myself prefer that the special
order should be postponed until to-morrow, as it
is now so late, that m all probability 1 should not
be able to conclude my argument to-day, even if I
.should commence it. I wait the pleasure of Sen-
ators in regard to it.
Mr. SEVIER. It is not my purpose to inter-
fere with the time which belongs to the gentleman
if he desires to go on "now, but I wish to make a
brief explanation in regard to what has been stated
by the honorable Senator from Delaware. It will
be recollected, that when the Senator add.ressed
the Senate upon the ten-regiment bill, he referred
to Mr. Ross's resolutions, with a view of contrast-
ing the policy of Mr. Jefferson with that of Mr.
Polk in reference to the disputed territory:
" Resolved. That the President of the United States be,
and he is hereby, authorized, whenever he shall judge it
expedient, to require of the Executives of the several States
to take effectual measures, to organize, arm, and equip, ac-
coiding to law, and hold in readiness to march at a mo-
ment's warning, 80,000 effective militia, officers included.
" Resolved, That the President may, if he judges it expe-
dient, authorize the Executives ot the several States to ac-
cept, as a part of the detachment aforesaid, any corps of
volunteers, who shall continue in service for such time, not
exceeding months, and perform such services as shall
be prescribed by law.
"Resolved, That dollars be appropriated for paying
and subsisting such pait of the tioop-s afoiesaid, who-e ac-
tual service may he wanted, and for defraying such other
expenses as, during the recess of Congic.ss, the Pie-jdent
inav deem necessary for the security ot the terniory of the
United States.'
"Rcso'ved, That dollars be appropriated for erecting,
at Mich place or p'aces on the we-tern waters as the Presi-
dent may judge most proper, one or more arsenals."
1 supposed he had not traced those resolutions
through to their ultimate disposition, and I there-
fore asked him to give me the date of the resolu-
tions, and he did so by sending the Journal to my
desk. I then traced the subject from the period
to which the Senator had alluded to the final dis-
position of the resolution—and what was that? I
found they had been referred, in secret session, to
a select committee; and in the formation of that
committee,lor reasons not apparent to me, the
mover of the resolutions was not included. Mr.
Breckenridge, of Kentucky, was chairman of the
committee. That committee, to whom Ross's res-
olutions were referred, reported an act carrying
out every substantial provision contained in them.
And what were these provisions? Why, that in
time of piofound peace, the President was autho-
rized to raise an army of eighty thousand men, and
was fin ther authoiized to establish on the western
waters two public armories; and, finally, the bill
wound up with an appropriation of a million or so
of money to carry these objects into effect. When
I perceived this, the conviction on my mind was,
that the honorable Senator, in the hurry and heat
of debate, had not taken time to trace the thing to
its final conclusion.
My friend from Mississippi, a day or two
afterwards, in commenting on this matter, re-
ferred to these resolutions, and in hishastfc, I sup-
pose, omitted to refer to what I certainly deemed
important, which was, the passage of the act to
which I have referred, as carrying out the objects
of the resolutions. I then put the matter right as
I understood it. Now, the Senator from Delaware
again says that here is a case in which the father
of democracy, to whose church we all profess to
belong, at the instance of the Federal party of that
day refused to do what* Why, in a time of peace,
to seize the territory of an adjoining Power. Now,
there was in the treaty of 179G with Spain, a pro-
vision by which the rights of the Government were
secured to a depot at New Orleans for the term of
three years; and there was a provision also, that
if the Spanish Government, for any reason of hers,
should choose to deny the right of this Govern-
ment to that depot in New Orleans, then for the
term of three years she was bound to give us an-
other location for said depot. This was in 1796.
The time for the assignment of the depot to either
place had run out by the limitation of this treaty;
the people of this country—the people of the west-
ern States, thus depiived of an outlet for their pro-
duce, had resolved to obtain it. A claim was set
up by Mr. Jefferson, that inasmuch as we owned
the navigable waters of the Mississippi, and own-
ed the head of the navigable stream, we had a
right, under the law of nations, to follow the river
into the ocean. That was the point of discussion,
if my memory serves me right, by our minister at
the French court, as well as by our statesmen at
home. Well, sir, we could not get that, and then
with closed doors we passed the act of March,
1803, before referred to, of which Ross's resolu-
tions were the foundation.
Now, no man here, or anywhere else, would
ever have made out what the law really meant
from its terms, unless he had taken the precaution
of connecting it with the resolutions upon which
it was founded. Upon this claim, therefore, the
law was passed, and upon no other; for there was
no other. My friend referred to the act as an evi-
dence that the party of which Mr. Jefferson was
the head, intended to act thus in reference to thfe
acquisition of Louisiana. Well, I say now—and I
shall, if I have the opportunity, at some future time,
proceed to demonstrate, that every opportunity to
acquire territory, to wit: Louisiana, the Floridas,
and Texas, has been obtained by the democratic
party of this country.
But this is not all. I have said that this act was
passed, if I recollect rightly, on the 3d of March,
1803; and at that very time our Ministers were in
Pans treating for this very country with Napoleon
Bonaparte. They were treating for this very
depot. He refused to sell us the depot, but pro-
posed to sell the whole of Louisiana. That is the
history of the matter. .We sent our Ministers
theie to purchase a depot. They refused to sell a
depot; but, being about to go to war with Eng-
land, and being likely to lose the territory of Lou-
isiana by conquest, France proposed to sell it to
a friendly Power. Well, in the month of April,
just one month after the passage of the bill, we
succeeded in making a treaty, by which we ac-
quired the whole of Louisiana. Thus that matter
was accomplished. Again, in 1806, still in the
time of this great patriot. Mr. Jefferson, the Senate
still, with closed doors, conceived that it was very
desirable for this Government to own the country
lying on the Mississippi river, and between that
river on one side, and the Perdido on the other.
Thus, the father of democracy submitted to the
Senate, with closed doors, his proposition to seize
this territory also; and a law was passed for that
purpose. And under the act passed thus secretly—
covered up with diplomatic phraseology—it was
proposed to obtain possession of this territory.
This act passed in 1806, and was carried into effect
in 1810 or 1811, after we had admitted Louisiana
into the Union. A man by the name of Thomas
took a fancy to revolutionize that portion of the
country. He expelled the Spanish inhabitants
from it and made it his own, including Baton
Rou e, calling it Fredonia. Mr. Madison took
possession, without the authority of any law, and,
at the next session, an act was passed making it a
part of Louisiana. But this is not all. We had
afterwards a war with the Seminoles; and in the
time of peace with Spain we followed these In-
dians into St. Marks and Pensacola, expelling
from those places Spanish authority. All this was
done without the authority of law; and one of the
reasons assigned for such procedure, on our part,
was not that we had any claim to Florida, but
that the British had built, during the revolution-
ary war, a fort near the junction of the- Flint and
Chatahoochee rivers, which fort was occupied by
hostile Seminole Indians and negroes.
I can refer my friend to another case—I mean
the case in which the country lying upon the Aris-
took was contended for between us and Great
Biitam. This was a case happening in our own
time, when Governor Fairfield, whose death we
have recently been called to deplore, at the head of
our own troops marched his forces into the dispu-
ted territory, and took possession of it without the
sanction of Congress. There are numerous cases,
ail tending to the same point, that whenever it be-
comes impracticable to obtain territory by pur-
chase, we take it by force. All that strip of country
lying between Natchez and Baton Rouge was
taken possession of in that way, and we have done
so in all cases when we could not obtain territory
by negotiation; and this course has been pursued
throughout the world in all times by all powers;
territories to which we have claim by negotia-
tion, we take by force if we can, and think it ex-
pedient to do so.*
Mr. FOOTE. I regret that it seems so difficult
