286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24,
to settle completely the point now under discus-
sion. It would really seem that enough had been |
said in the former debate on this subject, to con- |
vince even the Senator from Delaware, that he had
committed a serious error in regard to the Ross
resolutions, and the action of the Jeffersonian De-
mocracy in 1803. The honorable Senator still in-
sists, as he has formerly done, that Mr. Jefferson,
and the Democrats associated with him, were as
little inclined to efficient measures against Spain;
that the proposition to seize upon territory adja-
cent to New Orleans, which the Senator from Del-
aware still supposes to have been imbodied in Mr.
Ross's resolutions, was relinquished in conse-
quence of negotiation being preferred to measures
of a warlike character and tendency. 1 read the
other day, for the elucidation of this point, an ex-
tract from the annual message of Mr. Jeffeison,
issued in October, 1803, showing that previous to
the introduction of the Ross resolutions, negotia-
tions for the acquisition of Louisiana had been in
progress at Paris—and the negotiation was not
preferred simply as an alternative to war in the
cn?c mentioned; but negotiations for the purpose
mentioned having" been, for some time, already m
progress it was supposed judicious not to interrupt
them, as would inevitably have been the case by the
adoption of measures of a decidedly hostile char-
acter. The truth is, as has been repeatedly ex-
plained, that the Ross resolutions did not contem-
plate the seizure of territory at all, but simply the
restoration of the place of deposit, in the island of
New Orleans which had been discontinued by the
action of the Spanish authorities. No one can
examine the history of this case, as several times
already exhibited, without being convinced of the
total want of analogy between it and the troops in
the neighborhood of the Rio Grande. I will not
elaborate this point more at present, but am satis-
lied again to refer to the extract fiom Mr. Jeffer-
son's annual message of October, 1803, explanatory
of the actual facts of the case, and shall submit
the point in dispute without further discussion.
Mr. CLAYTON. If I understood the honor-
able Senators on the other side, they mean to
maintain this position: that Mr. Jefferson and the
Democratic paity ever since, have proceeded on
the principle that they will take what they want
and what they can get fiom other nations in any
way in which they can get it; if they cannot get
what they want by negotiation, they will take it
by force. The honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations distinctly avows now, \
that this has been the past policy of the Demo- i
cratic party from the time of Mr. Jefferson down 1
to this day, and therefore, he says, they are only \
acting in" the same spirit—that of Jeffersonian S
democracy—when they pi'oposethatwhat they can- j
not get by negotiation they will proceed to take |
by force. Sir, this is exactly the issue between !
the honorable Senator and myself. 1 not only seek
to vindicate the memory of the statesmen of those
times, but I seek also to show that I was previous-
ly right when, in the course of this debate, I
pointed out the strong contrast between the conduct
of this Government in leference to Mexico and
the conduct of Mr. Jefferson and the Adminis-
tration party of 1803 in reference to Spain and
France. Sir, I have nothing to do now with the
question, nor do I intend to be drawn into the dis-
cussion of it by the remarks of the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations,
as to the conduct of the various Administrations
in regard to this matter of the acquisition of terri-
tory from the time of Mr. Jefferson. I think that
on a former occasion, the course of the Govern- i
ment m 1806 was placed in a very satisfactory !
point of view before this Senate in the discussion
which took place between the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations and the
honorable Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Pearce.] ]
I will not, therefoie, trespass upon ground which j
has been so well occupied before; all I wish j
is, to bring the honorable chairman back to the j
point from which he set out, and that he and the I
honorable Senator from Mississippi should ac- 1
knowledge that they have mistaken the spirit of i
Jeffersonian democracy in 1803, in endeavoring to !
attribute to the Administration of that time a ciis- !
position to take by force that which they could \
not obtain by negotiation. Now, what application !
has the honorable chairman given to the act of I
which he speaks? The fourth section of the act ;
:of 1803 expressly declares the object for which ;
the act was passed: to authorize the President of
the United States to call out eighty thousand mili-
tia; for what purpose? In its own words, for the
security of the territory of the United States; not
for the purpose of seizing upon the island *of New
Orleans, or any portion of the country of the Lower
Mississippi; not for the purpose of taking an acre
of ground anywhere by violence. 1 think this
has already been clearly shown, and I do not in-
tend to dwell upon it now. Mr. Livingston, in
1802, wrote to the Secretary of War, informing
him that the Emperor of France was about to send'
ten thousand men to take possession of the country
lying at the mouth of the Mississippi, and General
Victor was ordered to march thither with his two
brigades; and from the known temper and dispo-
sition of that general, there was every reason to
believe that he would march and seize upon the
territory. The act of 1803 proceeded from that
cause, and the gentleman cannot make it appear
that there was any other object than the security
of our own territory contemplated. We know
from the history of the times how that territory
was situated.
Sir, I know I have had my full share in the dis-
cussion of this subject, and that I cannot again
trespass upon the time of the Senate. I will not
read the letters of the Secretary of War. I will,
however, take the liberty of handing them to the
reporters, that they may be published to the world,
and it will be seen from them whether my attempt
to vindicate the character of those who adminis-
tered the Government at that time has been suc-
cessful or not.
Mr. SEVIER. Only one word, sir. The Sen-
ator from Delaware has referred to the fourth sec-
tion of the act as being intended to protect the
United States against invasion.
Mr. CLAYTON. I referred to the whole act.
It avows throughout the purpose for which it was
passed.
Mr. SEVIER. The Senator says it avows its
purpose. Well, I ask if any man, in either coun-
try, ever heard or ever dreamed of a time when
Fiance and England were both at peace, or Fiance
intending to invade the United States.
Mr. CLAYTON. Yes, sir. 1 refer the hon-
orable Senator to the substance of these letters,
with which he seems not at all acquainted. 1 refer
him also to the American State Papers, which he
has in his possession.
Mr. SEVIER. I have read those documents,
but 1 have not drawn the same conclusion from
them which the honorable Senator from Delaware
has drawn. No, sir; France expecting a rupture
with England, was on the eve ot sending a force
to protect her commerce. Not having a naval
force sufficient to cope with England, she was for
sending men to her possessions on this continent.
The Senator talks about the territory between
Natchez and Baton Rouge. Well, we all know
that was claimed by Spam as belonging to her.
And it was with a view not only of protecting her
own possessions, but those of Spam also, that she
took this piecaution. Well, this happened in 1802;
and it is really remarkable, if we had expected an
invasion from France, that earlier and more effi-
cient preparation had not been made, and that the
fact was not noticed by Mr. Jefferson in his annual
message of that year. No, sn, France never de-
signed to invade this country. She was our early
ally, and with all the opprobrium that was heaped
upon her, she could not be driven into hostilities
towards this country. She has always been friend-
ly to us, arid 1 hope she ever will be. The docu-
ments which he has read, show that it was the
intention of France, in sending troops to this coun-
try, solely to protect French Louisiana from inva-
sion by England. I before remarked, sir, that it
is very difficult for us to ascertain the true mean-
ing ot an act, without looking back to the circum-
stances which existed at the time of its passage.
In this way we may discover its object. Another
act of a similar character, covering up its true
meaning, was the act purporting to enable the
President to carry on more efficiently our diplo-
matic intercourse between this country and foreign
Powers; when, in reality, the true intention of the
act was to enable the President to purchase Loui-
siana. Now it happens, as far as my argument is
concerned, that these cases are not at all applica-
ble to tfie case to which the Senator designed to
apply them; for 1 have endeavored to show, and
shall probably endeavor to show it again, that our
title to the country between the Nueccs and the
Rio Grande, which the Senator has assimilated
to the cases to which he has referred, is clear. I
regret this controversy; but I think, when the
Senator looks upon it dispassionately, he will ad-
mit that we have a good claim, as I said before;
and if we cannot obtain our rights by negotiation
and purchase, we will be compelled, from the ne-
cessity of the case, to maintain them by force.
Mr. CLAYTON. I will only say, sir, that in
looking into the documents to which I have called
the attention of the Senate, I find that there is
much additional evidence. There are many other
letters which, if the honorable Senator will exam-
ine them, will perfectly convince him that France
entertained a deliberate design to seize upon that
region of country; that it was a favorite object
with her for a long period; and that there was
every reason to believe, on the part of Mr. Living-
ston—and he so wrote to his own Go\eminent—
that the French Emperor entertained this project;
and as he refused to give any information as to
the object of the expedition, or any explanation
of the limits of Louisiana, which he intended to
claim, Mr. Livingston had every reason to he-
lievft that the territories of the United States were
in danger. That was the object, and the only ob-
ject of the act of March, 1803, to protect the ter-
ritories of the United States. Sir, I have done.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator from Arkansas
having referred to a controversy between him and
myself at the last session of Congress, the Senate
will indulge me, I hope, not in arguing the question
afiesh, but in re-stating what I then endeavored to
mam tain.
It will be recollected that theSenator from North
Carolina [Mr. Badger] had charged the President
with being the author of the war, by ordering the
movement of General Taylor's army from the
Nueces to the Rio Grande, which he considered
an act of war. He sustained himself in this posi-
tion by the authority of Mr. Jefferson. In 1805,
Mr. Jefferson informed Congress, by a secret mes-
sage, that immediately after the acquisition of
Louisiana, he had opened negotiations with Spain,
to obtain from that Power the delivery of certain
portions of Louisiana, which she held m violation
of the rights transfeired to us by Fiance; that his
negotiations had been utterly vain ; that he could
not venture to take possession of these portions of
Lou isianain the possession of Spain, because such
an act might ttansfer the relations of the country
from a state of peace to a state of war, which was
not within the constitutional competency of the
Executive, and belonged solely to the legislative
power.
To this the Senator from Arkansas replied, that
the example of Mr. Madison was contrary to that
of Mr. Jefferson, and that Mr. Madison had of his
own authority seized upon what were called the
Florida parishes. To this I replied, that Mr. Mad-
ison did not assume to have any other authority
than that to which Mr. Jefferson limited himself.
The situation of the Florida parishes was peculiar.
A body of private individuals, in 1810, seven years
after the acquisition of Louisiana, had driven out
the Spanish authorities in Baton Rouge, and had
set up an independent government, though pro-
fessing their willingness to come into the Union.
In this condition of things, Mr. Madison had is-
sued his proclamation reciting these occurrences—
saying that the territory in question had always
been claimed as being within the limits of Louisi-
ana; that a crisis bad at length arrived subversive
of the Spanish authority; and that, under the pecu-
liar circumstances of the case, forbearance on the
part of the United States to occupy the territory
m question might he construed into a dereliction
of their title; to which he added, that though the
laws of the United States had not yet been extend-
ed over this territory, yet they had been so framed
as to be adapted to them, and contemplated their
application to this region at some future time.
Congress was not then in session; but as soon as
they met, Mr. Madison laid before them an ac-
count of his proceedings, which, if not expressly,
at all events impliedly, recognized the paramount
authority of the legislature over ihe subjcct. The
difference between this case and the march of the
troops to the Rio Grande is palpable. Mr. Mad-
ison did not think himself authorized to seize upon
such parts of Louisiana as still remained m the oc-
cupancy of Spam, and, consequently, the country
east of the Perdulo and south of the State of Geor-
