1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
237
gia and the Mississippi territory remained in pos-
session of these authorities.
In January, 1811, Congress passed a secret res-
olution, declaring that a due regard to the safety
of the United States required them to provide for
the temporary occupation of these territories, and
subject to negotiation. Mr. Madison would not
act without the authority of Congress; he knew
that he could not rightfully do so; and therefore
he asked to be armed with that authority which
Congress only could confer. The bill which fol-
lowed this resolution conformed to it. Still Mr.
Madison did not suppose the contingency had ar-
rived until in 1813, when the sccret act of July 12
was passed, which authorized the President to
take possession of the Perdido country. Then,
and then only, did Mr. Madison employ the mili-
tary force of the United States for this purpose.
Now, the difference is this: Mr. Polk, while Con-
gress was in session, and without their authority,
and without invoking their constitutional power,
by his own authority, seized upon the valley of
the Rio Grande; while Mr. Jefferson considered
that such an act on his part would exceed his
power, because it might transfer the relations of
tiie country from a state of peace to a state of war.
And Mr. Madison, in relation to the Perdido
country, recognized the same doctrine; and, in
regard to the Florida parishes, only occupied a
territory of which the foreign authorities were no
longer m possession, and which was likely to be
considered derelict, if, under the peculiar circum-
stances of the case, the United States should qui-
etly permit it to remain in the possession of the
private adventurers who held it.
Mr. SEVIER. The Senator and myself are
still at variance in our opinions. My position
was, that the southern boundary of Louisiana was
fixed by tins Government, by an act of Congress
on her admission into the Union. Well, after this
act was accomplished, a man of the name of Thom-
as, at the head of some Tenncssceuns and Kentuck-
lans, expelled the Spanish authority cast of a line
formed by the river Iberville, Lake Maurepas, and
Pontchartram,and thence to the Perdido; and when
he had done so, he organized there a separate gov-
ernment, and culled the country Fredonia; and
after having established such government, Thomas
applied to this Government either to guaranty his
republic, or to annex it to this Union. Well,
what was done ?
Mr. Madison, in a time of peace, sends his forces
and takes from these revolutionary patriots the
country acquired by their revolution, without the
authority of Congress. Well, the Senator goes
back to the act of 180G, for the authority for this
act. Why, in 180G the Government of Fredonia
had no existence. Alter this had been done, the
Piesulent asks Congress to aid in tin's—what shall
I call u?—robbery? That is a harsh term; yet it
is precisely similar to the terms employed in refer-
ence to our proceedings now. Mr. Madison ap-
plies to Congress to add this country, thus seized
in time of peace, without the warrant of law, to the
State of Louisiana; and Congress does it accord-
ingly, and the act is now on your statute book.
Mr. Madison first seized the country from those
who had revolutionized it, and Congress sanc-
tioned the plunder, if I may so call it, by adding
it to Louisiana. Louisiana embraced it within
her limns; ami there it is at (his day represented
by my honorable friend Mr. Johnson.
The further consideration of the subject was
postponed until to-morrow.
CLERK TO SIGN LAND PATENTS.
" On-motion by Mr. BREESE, the bill from the
House of Representatives to amend an act entitled
" An act to reoiganize the General Land Office,"
approved July 4, 1836, was read a second time,
and considered  s m Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BllEESE asked for the reading of a paper,
which lie sent to the Secretary, setting forth the
niunbci of land patents remaining unsigned; which
was read accordingly.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I dislike to be frequent-
ly intermeddling in what may be regarded as little
matters. 1 know the effect which such things have
upon the personal standing of Senators, but 1 can-
not allow such a lull as this to pass, having been
in the minority of the committee, without stating
to the Senate Dow I* think the matter ought to be
disposed of. When ( first came into Congress m
the other branch of this building, there was no Sec-
retary to sign patents. It was alleged then, that
as the land patents that were issued were numer-
ous, it was necessary to have such an officer, and
one was accordingly created with a salary of
$1,500. And no other duty under the sun was
assigned to him than that of signing these patents;
and now we are informed that he cannot discharge
that duty, and that there has been an accumula-
tion of patents, to the extent of some thirty or
forty thousand, and we are called on to appoint
an assistant Secretary. Now, the question is, can
one man do it? We made some experiments in
the Committee on Public Lands the other day, and
though it may seem trifling to rsfer to such things,
yet it will serve to explain this matter in a way
that no man can doubt, the capacity of a single
officer to sign all these land patents, and even dou-
ble the number if neccssary. He then proceeded
to show, by calculation of time, that one person
would be fully capable of performing the labor
within less than tsvo months.
Mr. BREESS. 1 apprehend that no individual
can be found who could accomplish it in that time;
for it must be remembered that the Secretary
must sign the name of the President as well as his
own, and this, too, upon parchment. No one can
labor day after day m that way, as the Senator
seems to suppose, without danger of seriously
impairing his intellect. The bill makes no appro-
priation at all; it does not propose to pay the Sec-
retary one single dollar for his services. It is
highly necessary that these patents should be
issued, as they are the only evidence of title which
the parties have. Under these circumstances, 1
cannot see how-the bill can be objected to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have seen patents filled
out with the President's name by the clerks in the
office, so that the Secretary would only have to
sign his own name. If you, instead of passing
this bill, give a reasonable remuneration to some
clerk fordoing the work, you will have it speedily
done. My word for it, there are hundreds of in-
dividuals in this city who would be glad to under-
take the woik for two months' salaiy.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana. 1 can see no
objection to the passage of the bill, especially as
it does not propose any salary for the officer who
iq tn IIP PtlO'illTpn
Mr. UNDEaWOOD. I take it for granted,
that if we employed a person to do our work, that
we will not lefuse to pay him.
Mr. BREESE. There is no salary proposed to
be paid in this bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That is all very true;
you do not propose to pay now, but he must be
paid at some lime or other.
Mr. MANGUM. 1 would inquire of the honor-
able chairman of the committee how many patents
there are unsigned ?
Mr. BREESE. By the report it appears that
there are now fifty-seven thousand, and that they
increase at the rate of seven thousand a month.
Mr. MANGUM. 1 propose, sir, with the sanc-
tion of the honorable chairman, that this bill be
committed, with instiuctions to the committee to
amend it, by providing for the employment, for a
fixed period, and for a reasonable compensation,
of a person who shall sign these patents; and when
the arrears are once brought up, there can be no
difficulty in keeping from falling behind.
This motion was subsequently withdrawn.
No amendment being made, the bill was report-
ed to the Senate, and ordered to be read a third
time.
The said bill was read a third time by unani-
mous consent, and passed.
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 25, 134S.
The Journal of yesterday having been read and
approved—
The SPEAKER announced the first business in
order to ho the call of the committees for reports.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, by general
consent, moved the following preamble and reso-
lution; which were read and agreed to :
Wiieieas the meat los^s of life on the lake* and western
waters, by nutans o' fne,evplo«ions, and collisions of stoam-
ci s and withm toe las-t few years, but too clearly in-
dicator either the ln.-uifii'iHicy of the laws in leeaid to the
inspection ot boilers and Imiujor that the)- aie not faithfully
exi-cutcd: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency and necessity of any addi-
tional legislation or new regulation on the subject of the in-
spection of hoilers, hulls, rigging, and finding of steameis and
vessels, and report by .bill or otherwise.
Mr. INGE, by general consent, presented a me-
morial of the Legislature of Alabama, relating to
the establishment of a foundry and armory in
said State. Referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs,
Mr. McCLELLAND, by general consent,
moved a resolution instructing the Committee on
Commerce to inquire whether any furtherdegisla-
tion is necessary for the better security of the lives
of passengers on steamboats, &c., on the northern
lakes, &c. The resolution was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The committees were called for reports, and re-
ports were made— •
By Mr. VINTON, from the Committeeof Ways
and Means: A bill making appropriations for the
support of'the Military Academy for the year end-
ing 30th of June, 1S49.
Also, from the same committee: A bill making
appiopriations for the payment of revolutionary
and other pensions of the United States for the
year ending 30th June, 1849; which bills were sev-
erally read and commuted.
By Mr. DANIEL, from the Committee of
Claims: A bill for the relief of Stalker and Hill.
Read and committed.
By Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, from
the same committee: A bill for the relief of Reuben
Perry and Thomas P. Ligon. Read and com-
mitted.
Also, from the same committee: An adverse re-
port on the petition of the administrators of Samuel
Holgate. Laid on the table.
By Mr. DUNN, from the same committee: A
bill for the relief of Joseph Gtrard, and a bill
making provision for the widows and children of
officers and soldiers of the United States who have
died or may die while in the service or after their
discharge, on account of sickness or wounds in-
curred while in the service ; which bills were read
and committed.
By Mr. HUNT, from the Committee on Com-
merce: A bill for the iclief of the owners of the
Spanish brig Restaurador, and a bill to establish
the collection district of Brunswick, in the State of
Georgia; which bills were read and committed.
By Mr. GR1NNELL, from the same commit-
tee: A bill to amend the first section of an act to
regulate the carriage of passengers in merchant
vessels; a bill supplementary to an act for the relief
of sick and disabled seamen, and for other pur-
poses; and a bill for the relief of the Red River
Railroad Company; which several bills were read
and committed.
Also, ftom the same committee: An adverse re-
poit on the petition of Ferdinand N. Claike.
By Mr. PUTiNAM, from the Committee on
Public Lands: An adverse report on the petition
of James Chapman. Laid on the table.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the same committee,
to which had been referred the bill of the House
entitled "An act further to extend the time for lo-
cating Virginia military land warrants, and return-
ing surveys thereon to the General Land Office,"
reported the same back to the House with an
amendment. Committed.
By Mr. DUNCAN, of Kentucky, from the same
committee: A bill for the relief of Benjamin White.
Read and committed.
Also, from the same committee: Adverse reports
on the petitions of the Legislature of Missouri,
concerning the landing at Potosi; of James Dos-
sett, and Edward Keating, mayor of Alton. Laid
on the table.
Mr. GOGCJN, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a resolution, pro-
| vidmg that sundry communications from the Post
1 Office Department in relation to southern mail
I transportation, be taken from the Sneaker's table
: and referred to the Post Office Committee.
I The SPEAKER said the resolution could only
; be received by the unanimous consent of the House.
I Objection being made, the resolution was not re-
I ceived.
i On motion of Mr. EMBREE, the Committee
! on the Post Office and Post Roads was discharged
1 from the consideration of the joint resolution of the
I House to amend an act entitled " An act to estab-
lish certain post-routes, and for other purposes."
I Laid on the table.
i Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, from the Committee
