238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 25,
on the Post Office and Post Roads, to which had
been referred die Senate bill for the relief of Thom-
as Rhodes, reported the same back to the House,
with a written report adverse to the passage of the
bill. Laid on the table.
By Mr. McDOWELL, from the Committee for
■ the District of Columbia: A bill giving the assent
of the United States to an act of the General As-
sembly of Maryland, passed at December session,
1844, chapter 287. Read and committed.
By Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary: Asking to be discharged from
the consideration of the resolution of the House of
the 17th instant, relative to the payment to the
heirs of officers and soldiers killed in battle in
, Mexico the amount of treasury notes, or other
property, or money, and that it be laid on the
table.
By Mr. RTJMSEY, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims: A bill for the relief of Lewis
Benedict. Read and committed.
By Mr. HARMANSON, from the same com-
mittee: A bill for the relief of Anthony Bessee.
Read and committed.
By Mr. JOHNSON", of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affaiis: A bill for the relief of
Joseph Perry, a Choctaw Indian. Read and com-
mitted.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to which the House bill for the settlement
of the claims of New Hampshire against the Uni-
ted States was referred, reported the same back to
the House. Committed.
By Mr. STANTON, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs: A bill for the relief of G. P. De
La Roche and W. P. S. Sanger. Read and com-
mitted.
Mr. KING> of Georgia, from the same commit-
tee, to which was referred Senate bill providing for
the appointment of assistant pursers in the navy,
reported the same back to the House with an
amendment. Committed.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, from the Commit-
tee on the Territories, to which had been referred
the bill of the Senate for the relief of W. B.
Slaughter, late Secretary of the Territory of Wis-
consin, reported the same back to the House with
an amendment.
By Mr. COCKE, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionaiy Pensions : A bill for the relief of Jona-
than Moore, of the State of Massachusetts.
Also, from the same committee : A bill for the
relief of Robert Ellis. Read and committed.
Also, from the same committee: An adverse
repoit on the petition of Jedediah Morse. Laid
on the table.
By Mr. FREEDLY, from the same committee:
A bill for the relief of Catharine Fulton, widow of
Samuel Fulton. Read and committed.
Also, from the same committee : Adverse reports
on the petitions of George Taylor and Marshal
Gentry. Laid on the table.
By Mr. STRONG, from the same committee:
A bill for the relief of Tilpha White.
Also, from the same committee : A bill for the
relief of Anna Yarrington. Read and committed.
Also, from the some committee: An adveise
report on the petition of Ann Pearsey. Laid on
the table.
By Mr. WILEY, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions: A bill for the relief of Hugh Riddle.
Read end committed.
By Mr. WM. T. LAWRENCE, from the same
committee: A bill for the relief of Thomas Badger.
Read and committed.
Also, from the same committee: An adverse re-
port on the petition of William Sparks. Laid on
the table.
By Mr. KENNON, fiom the Committee on Ac-
counts, the following resolution, which was read
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Serjeant-at-Arms bs directed to pa^
?!•-. Ellen S. Bradley, widow of the Hon Edwnid Kradloy,
late of Michigan. deceased, hi-- mileage, as allowed by the
of Mileage, from Marshail/hi-; place ol residence
in Aiichiiriin, to New York city, where, on his journey to
Washington, to take Jus beat as a member of Una Hou«e,he
died,
By Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, from the Select
Committee on Rules of the House; The following
amendment to the 133d rule: " Insert after the
word * commute' (where it last occurs in the last
clause of the said rule) the following woids: 'of the
- Whole House and the Committee of Ike Whole House
on the state of the Union.'"
Mr. HOLMES, of New York, by general con-
sent, presented resolutions of the State of New
York, in favor of a repeal of the law of the last
session of Congress imposing postage on news-
papers. Read and referred.
REFERENCE OF PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole (Mr. J. R. Ingeusoll, of Pennsylvania,
in the chair) on the President's annual message,
and the resolutions referring the same to appro-
committees.
Mr. BEDINGER addressed the committee at
length. Hip remarks prepared for the Congress-
ional Globe are omitted at his request, but will be
found in the Appendix, revised by himself.
Mr. ROMAN then obtained the floor, and spoke
for about an hour; a report of his speech will also
be found m the Appendix, prepared by himself. j
Mr. GREEN, after some merited compliments I
on the speech of the gentleman who had just re-
sumed his seat, with whose manner and style of
delivery he was greatly pleased, observed, that
however he miu;ht have been attracted Jjy the gen-
tleman's rhetoric, he could by no means subscribe
to his sentiments, from which, indeed, he differed
widely. For this difference he felt bound to give
some reasons: not with any expectation of enlight-
ening the committee, or piesenting any new facts
to their notice, but simply for the purpose of vin-
dicating the vote he should give; this he consider-
ed as due both to himself and to those whom it
was his honor to represent here.
The principal,and, indeed he might almost say,
the only point in the argument of gentlemen on
the other side of the House which he rose to noticc,
was the charge upon the President that he had
commenced this war unnecessarily and unconsti-
tutionally—a charge urged with great dexterity by
gentlemen who had themselves voted to declareanH
to support the war. He hoped to draw these gen-
tlemen out, and to exhibit the true position they
occupied in relation to the war.
In attempting to do the President justice, and
vindicate him from the injurious charge preferred
against him, Mr. G. would call the attention of the
committee to a few farts.
The vote in this House of eighty-five men de-
cjares (said Mr. G.) that the war with Mexico has
been unnecessarily and unconstitutionally com-
menced by the President of the United States.
Now, let it be noted, that this vote extends no
further than to the commencement of the war:
it does not say that the war is unconstitutional 1
noiu, but only that the manner of beginning it was
so. I ask the particular attention of the committee
to this point. Will you say that it is unconstitu-
tional now? Since no man can answer in the
affirmative, I hold the affirmative in the vote is
limited exclusively to the commencement of the
war. The declaration extends in its range only
up to the 13th of May, 1846. And who makes it?
Eighty-five members of this House! Do they, in
this assertion, represent the sentiments of their
constituents? I know not. I cannot pretend to
know as to the whole body; but I can answer for
one. I refer to a gentleman from Illinois, who said
that he voted for that proposition " doubungly."
I so understood him to say. If I misrepresent him
I^do it innocently—it is so in his reported speech.
Nor do I greatly wonder that gentlemen should so
vote in high party times like these, and just before
n Presidential election. Such a consideration may
have had its influence upon them; I do not say it
had. But, I repeat it, the question is this: Is the
war with Mexico now unconstitutional? is it un-
just? and will you declare it to be so? Let the
people fully understand the extent and application
of the declaration you have made. Then we shall
know where to find you. Then the people will
know the ground you mean to stand on; and in
the great contest which is coming in 1848, H is not
hard to predict what the result will be.
The President made the war, and he made it un-
necessary and unconstitutionally; and then the
corollary is, that he is personally guilty of all the
blood which has been shed in the contest. Now,
they mean, I presume, to limit this blood, of
which the President is guilty, to that shed pre-
viously to the 13th May, 1846; for since that time,
whatever amount of it may have been shed, it is i
all chargeable to Congress, and not to the Execu- !
tive. I hold the war to be constitutional and just; j
and before I sit down I hope to be able to prove i
that the President was fully justifiable in advancing
our army to the bank of the Rio Grande. If
in this 1 am wrong, I am at least innocently
wrong.
I do not say that the Presidents justified because
Mexico owes us money, because she has perpetra-
ted outrages on our commerce and the persons of
our citizens, or even because she has insulted us as
a nation; for, though these things may present very
good arguments why Congress should declare war
against her, thev do not justify the President in
going to war. His only constitutional right in the
case is to repel invasion and repress insurrection.
But if I show that he was sanctioned and sup-
ported in what he did by the Constitution itself,
and by law passed under the sanction of the
Constitution, then the injurious charges which
have been preferred here against him must be
hurled back on the heads of those who make
them.
On the 13th May, Congress declared this war.
"Aye, say they, but you compelled us to vote the
war, by appending—I was going to use a word of
which I should afterwards have been ashamed—a
falsehood to the bill of supplies." I do not corr^-
plain of those who voted conscientiously in the
matter, and who thought the preamble untrue.
But what, I ask, is a declaration of war? A dec-
laration of war is nothing more than this—the
official public declaration, *by competent authority,
that war exists. When this declaration is made
by the proper authority, that is a declaration of
war. It is the annunciation of a fact; neither more
nor less than that. It is not a proclamation by
the Executive, as was made in the war of 1812,
that necessarily constitutes a declaration of war;
for the Constitution says that Congress shall
have power to declare war." Any act of Con-
gress, then, that announces the fact that war ex-
ists, is, to all intents and purposes, a declaration of
war; and so it is held by every writer on interna-
tional law to whose writings I have had access.
Now, then, if Congress, by virtue of the power
granted to them in the Constitution, declared this
war, then is it a constitutional war; and gentlemen
will not deny that the war is now constitutional,
whatever they may say about its origin; for truth
has and must have the same force and effect on
their minds that it has on ours. The]/ will not
run in the face of plain facts. When a resolution
was introduced here, some days since, declaring
that our troops ouyht to be withdrawn from Mex-
ico, but forty or fifty members of this House were
found voting in its favor; I conclude of course that
all the rest of this body were and aie against such
a declaration. But if they believed the war now,
at this day* to be m itself unconstitutional, could
they possibly refuse to declare that our army ought
to be recalled? Their oath to the Constitution
would compel them to do so. Their moral obli-
gation, as men and as citizens, must have con-
strained them to vote for and not against such a
resolution. Hence I am warranted in inferring
that you do, in your conscience, beliete the exist-
ing war to be at this time a constitutional war.
And now for some of the consequences.
The war of 1812 was conceded to be constitu-
tional, at least by a large portion of the people of
the United States. And on that point let me read a
sentence from a very high authority,and one which,
I am well assured, will not be objected to by gen-
tlemen on that side of the House. Mr. Clay,
in 1847, at Lexington, speaking of the Federalists
and war of 1812, says:
<k The war hems constitutionally declared, if became their
(the Fedeiahe-tp) duty to have given it tin ir heady coo'j'T-
ation. Cutthcma-s of them did not. * They*
lo^t. and justly lost, the public confidence."
Now, if a war is constitutional, those who
are guilty of opposing it lose (according to this
authority) the public confidence. I ask again,
is the present war now constitutional? Has it
been so, or not, since 13th May, 1846? And
if it has, then I ask you, gentlemen, have you
given it your heaity support" ajid cooperation?
Examine your own bosoms for an answer, and if
they answer no, then are you not placed by this
very exalted authority in the name category with
the tones m 1812? and, Mr. Clay being judge, are
you not likely, l< in consequence," to " lose the
public confidence ?" I do not charge treason upon
any one : 1 will not use that phrase by you called
stereotyped, of " giving aid and comfort to the cue-
my;" but this I will say: admitting, as you con-
