1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
239
tend, that the President is guilty of all the blood
shed in this war previously to 13th May, 1846, aie
not you, who prolong and support the war and
give means to carry it on, guilty, in an equal
degree, of ail the blood which has been shed since
that day? Extricate yourselves, if you can, out
of that dilemma! You have great logical as well
as rhetorical powers : 1 admit the ability which is
to be found in your ranks: try your reasoning
powers on this position which 1 have assumed:
show, if you can, on your own principle, that you
are not as guilty for ail the blood shed in this war
since May, 1846, as the President is for all the
blood shetl in it before that day. Prove that he is
guilty, and yourselves not guilty. I shall be de-
lighted to hear you. And if you can prove this to
the satisfaction of any man of common sense, 1
will own you to be possessed of a magic power
with which I am wholly unacquainted.
But all these questions are merged in the greai
question whether we shall sustain this war and
prosecute it with vigor; whether we shall oppose
or shall cooperate with the great war party in the
country, (if parties on such a matter we must
have.)
Dut I have not concedcd that the President has
done any unconstitutional act, or is guilty of one
drop of the blood shed in this war. 'The sub-
ject presents a grave inquiry, and one which has
occupied the greatest minds this land contains.
Did such a one as 1 claim to shed any new light
upon it, it would be presumptuous indeed. 1 set
up no such' pretension; I only express my own
views in my own vindication.
The charge adduced against the President of the
United States is a weighty one; and, for one, I say,
if he has been guilty of the unconstitutional act of
which he is accuscd, let no party zeal, let no per-
sonal partiality, seek to cloak the criminality of so
serious an abuse of place and authority. I say,
in that case, expose him, though the party and
all its inteiests be scattered to the four winds of
heaven. No; let us stand by the Constitution,
and by no man who violates it. But, on the other
hand, I am not willing to give up the President
without a full investigation of the charge brought
against him.
To judge of the President's course, we must
consider well the relations of the United States to
Mexico when the President acted as he has done.
I am not going back into old grievances. "What-
ever, however numerous, however aggravated
they may have been, they could never justify the
President in making war on Mexico, though they
might v(ry propci ly influence the minds of Con-
gress to do so. The question is, whether, under
relations then existing between the two commies,
it was the Piesident's tight and his duty to ad-
vance our army to the left bank of the Rio Grande?
We say it was both his right and his duty. And
for proofof this, we adduce the following facts:
On the 4th of July, 1843, the annexation of Texas
was completed; and from that hour it was the duty
of the President to protect her as a State of this
Union to her utmost limits.
In reply to the gentleman who has just taken his
seat, (and whom I consider as " the greatest Ro-
man of them all,") I admit that a President of the
United States has no right to dcclarc war; but it is
his right and his duty to repel invasion and to
suppress insurrection without any action of Con-
gress at all. If either invasion or insurrection
should be known to him to exist, and he should
wilfully neglect to lcpel the one or to suppress the
other, he would be guilty of a violation of his oath
of office. This is admitted by Mr. Clay, and by
many other distinguished men who think with the
gentleman. But when the act of annexation took
place, the Mexican Governmentsolemnlyprotested
against it, and warned us that she would consider
annexation as tantamount to a declaration of war.
Hence Mr. Clay, Mr. Gallatin, and other manceu-
■vring politicians of the day, constantly say that it
was that act of annexation which produced the
War—that it was virtually war with Mexico.
Well, if this was war with Mexico, then the
war was made by Congress and not by the Presi-
dent, for it was Congress who passed the resolu-
tion to annex. Virtual war was then made by
Congress; and so the Mexican minister considered
it, and he accordingly demanded his passports,
and withdrew from his official position near this
Government. And Mexico so considered it, for
she thereupon threatened to invade Texas, and
commenced raising troops with that avowed pur-
pose. Now, whether Mexico had just cause for
so regarding it or not, still I say, as she did so re-
gard it in fact, and did commence preparations to
invade Texas, it was the duty of the President to
look at the f^cts as they stood, and to act in view
of them. When Mexico warned us that annexa-
tion would, in her understanding, be war, and
when she accordingly openly prepared for war, I
say it was the President's duty to prepare for the
consequences. We had elected him President; the
President is bound to repel invasion. Mexico had
threatened invasion, withdrawn her minister, and
commenced to raise armies—will any man deny
that he was bound to prepare to repel invasion?
However unfounded the views Mexico chose to
take, still she took them, avowed them, gave us
warning of them, and a^ted upon them; and that
being the case, our President must govern himself
accordingly.
It is a rule of international law, that while ter-
ritory is m dispute between two nations, neither
of them may take armed possession of it. But
that rule did not apply as between Mexico and the
United States to the territory on the Rio Grande.
The rule, in the abstract, is true; but it did not
apply here; first, because Mexico was in hostility
against the United States. She had said we had
virtually made war upon her by annexing her
province to our Republic. She was mustering
troops; she was openly preparing to invade us.
The rule has application only to nations in a state
of peace. This was not peace. We had offered
negotiation, and Mexico had refused it. I have
not time now to prove this; I could, if my time
would allow. I will refer gentlemen to the able
speech of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Rob-
inson,] who has shown that General Taylor and
Mr. Polk are equally guilty of beginning the war,
if either of them is guilty at all. Mexico had col-
lected and was augmenting her armed forces on
the west bank of the Rio Grande; and I noticed,
as the able gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Roman]
was speaking, that he dropped incidentally an ex-
pression which casts light on the true state of things
between us and Mexico at that time. He said
that our consul, Mr, Black, in his letter, informed
Mr. Buchanan, our Secretary of State, that Mex-
ico had "agreed to suspend hostilities" and try
the effect of negotiation, "To suspend hostili-
ties'.'1 What does that mean ? A state of peace ?
Are " hostilities" another word for " peace?" If
she was willing to suspend hostilities, then hostili-
ties existed, or they could not be suspended. And
they were, m fact, suspended for a time. Negotia-
tion was tried; but after negotiation had failed, then,
I and not till then, the last resort of nations was ap-
pealed to. Second. There js another reason why
the rule about not taking armed possession of ter-
ritory in dispute does not apply, and that reason
is found in the absolute necessity. This may
be considered as a new principle, and quite a new
way of disposing of that admitted rule of national
law. But all such rules have their origin in neces-
sity and in right. If Mexico was going to take mil-
itary possession of the disputed territory, as she
avowedly was,and that disputed territory extended
from the Rio Grande to the Sabine—it was of ne-
cessity that we should have the same right. There-
fore, I hold that the President did no more than
what he was bound to do as a means of resisting
invasion.
The last ground you take is this: we had aright
to annex Texas and protect her, but not to go
to the Rio Grande. I will ask gentlemen one
question: when did you first get the idea of the
distinction between Texas to the Nueces and
Texas to the Rio Grande? The treaty of annexa-
tion was rejected, because it extended Texas to
the Rio Grande. But did the Tyler treaty extend
Texas to the river? Did it expressly recognize the
river as her boundary ? No, sir; it recognized only
whatever territory Texas was rightfully entitled
to. It left the question of boundary precisely
where the resolution of annexation left it. Then
I have this corollary for gentlemen: If the Tyler
treaty was opposed because it extended Texas to
the Rio Grande, and if it be true that the resolu-
tions of annexation left the boundary just where
the treaty left it, then, I say, it was the duty of the
President to defend Texas where both left it; and
that gentlemen themselves being judges, was up
to the Rio Grande; for that was the very ground on
which they rejected the treaty. How would the
Tyler treaty have disposed of the disputed terri-
tory ? Only in one way; because, in the absence
of any specified boundary, no other could be prac-
tically recognized but the utmost that Texas
claimed; and this was precisely that which the
President did recognize, and which he was bound
to defend. It was not for him to say to the State
of Texas, your line runs here, and does not run
there. But, it is said, the annexing resolutions
left the boundary to be adjusted. Yes it did; and
did not the President try to adjust it, and did not
Mexico refuse to adjust it? Now, then, I ask gen-
tlemen, under that resolution of annexation, sup-
posing all endeavors to adjust the boundary failed,
tchat then ? I ask gentlemen to tell me. * The res-
olutions did not look to that case. I ask again, if
efforts should be made to fix the boundary, and
they should fail, what then ? Will gentlemen tell
me ?
But in the absence of adjustment, what must be
the boundary? There was but one answer. The
question not being settled, the President must
defend to the utmost verge of our claim. There
were certain facts "which showed conclusively to
his mind that it was the duty of the President to
defend to the Rio Grande. Bear in mind the hos-
tile position in which Mexico stood, her threats to
invade Texas not only between the Rio Grande
and the Nueces, but the whole of Texas up to the
Sabine, to reconquer her " revolted province," as
she was pleased to term it. Had Mexico ever
abandoned her claims to Texas cast of the Nueces?
No ; except in the offer made to Mr. Trist. Gen-
tlemen on the other side assumed that if our army
had never gone beyond the Nueces, there would
have been no war. Was nothing else in contro-
versy? Why, after we had whipped Mexico,
overrun and occupied half of her territory, she
then turns round and says through her commis-
sioners to Mr. Trist, If you will make peace, we
will agree to the Nueces as the boundary. If she
had before that abandoned her claim to the east
of the Nueces, what surrender did she make? And
still the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Roman]
said that offer ought to have been accepted.
Mr. ROMAN, interposing, was understood to
say that the true boundary was at the desert, and
was the correct one.
Mr. GREEN was glad to see that the gentleman
was advancing. He hoped he would go on until
he came on to good orthodox ground on this ques-
tion.
The law of Texas (continued Mr. G.) did claim
to the Rio Grande. The gentleman from Mary-
land said that law was repealed. How? Why,
repealed by the people in convention when they
formed her constitution. But that constitution
only contained a provision that the laws of the
republic, not repugnant to it, nor to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, or the resolutions of an-
nexation, were to continue in force. Well, was
tins law of 1836 repugnant to the terms of annexa-
tion? It said that the Rio Grande was the western
boundary; the terms of annexation said the bound-
ary should be settled by negotiation; the President
tried to negotiate, and failed. Then all attempts
at negotiation and adjustment failing, what became
of the boundary ipso facto ? Was it to be an indefi-
nite, intangible thing? Was there no point on
which we could fix and say, this is our boundary?
True, the question was m contest, but the law
made the Rio Grande the boundary, and that law
could only be modified by " adjustment" under
the terms of annexation. The question not being
settled, and settlement being impossible, but one
thing remained, viz: that the President, having
the power to repel invasion, was bound to defend
up to the extreme verge of our claim.
The original boundary of Texas before it was
incorporated into the American Union was the Rio
Grande. Upon that point we bad Mr. Clay's re-
markable speech. That boundary was acknowl-
edged by Santa Anna m the treaty made by him
with Texas in 1836. It was an important fact, that
in this stipulation the bone of contention was the
independence of Texas on the one side, and her
subjugation on the other, from the Rio Grande
east—a fact which appeared on the very face of
the stipulation, and an important fact in determin-
ing' what now constituted the length and breadth—
the boundary of Texas. In 1836, this law having
been passed by the Congress of Texas declaring
the Rio Grande to be the western boundary of
the Republic, with that boundary she was ac*
