THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
aggressive war to be inconsistent with the precept5? of our holy
rettgion, and those precepts of universal justice and liberty,
which he at"the base of our political institutions; and be-
lieving our war with Mexico at present to be of this kind,
and calculated to impair the confidence of the civilized world
in the equity arid permanence of republican institutions, re-
spectfully solicit the honorable Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives ot the United States to put a speedy termination
to it.
By Mr. PUTNAM : The petition of James C. Puller, and
fifty-two othets, of Stfaneateles, New York, praying for the
passage of a law prohibiting the buying and selling of human
brings in the District of Columbia.
By Mr. BARROW : The petition of twenty-eight privates
of the first regiment of Tennessee volunteers, piaying that
Congress will so alter the law lelative to " bounty land wai-
rants" as to make said warrants receivable at the land of-
fice, &c.
By Mr. EDWARDS : The petition of James B. Austin,
and one hundred and twenty-six citizens of Fayette county,
Ohio, asking a reduction oi po&tdgc on newspapers.
By Mr. PENDLETON: The memorial ofJosiah Colston.
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of Jacob Row, and fifty-
seven others, citizens of Pike county, Ohio, praying a re-
"duction of postage on all newspapers not containing more
than five hundred square inches. Also, the petition of James
Hughes and ninety others,citizens of Jackson county, Ohio, •
praying a reduction of postage on newspapers not con taming
more than five hundred square inches.
By Mr. STUART, of Michigan: The petition of A. C.
Van Raalte and others, citizens of the counties of Allegan
and Ottawa, m the State of Michigan, praying for an appro-
pnation of twenty thousand dollars for the erection of piers
at the mouth of Black river, in Ottawa county, Michigan.
By Mr. T. BUTLER KING: The memorial of Christian
Howsen,ofNe\v York,praying Congress to authoiize aeon-
tract to be made with him for the tianspoitation of the
United States mail from New York to Glumstradt, in Den-
mark.
By Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina: The memorial of
John Strobt'cker, praying indemnity for slaves captuied by,
the authoiities in the Island of Bermuda,and for which 0111
Government ought either to demand indemnity or pay them-
selves.
On motion of Mr. EMBREI2, the petition and papers of
James Monroe, in relation to the loss of certain horses in
the war of 1810, were referred to the Committee of Claims.
By Mr CROWELL : The memorial of M. SutlifTand B.
P. Hoffman, and others, citizens of Warren, Trumbull
county, Ohio, praying Congress to express an opinion on its
constitutional power over the institution of slavery.
By Mr. KENNONs The petition of William llowlosand
83 other emzens of Monroe county, in the State of Ohio,
praying Congress to grant a suitable quantity of land, free
of charge, to "actual settlers not possessed of other lands;
and that the General Government shall no longer traffic in
llio public lands.
By Mr. ROCKHILL; The petition of Tlimry Cooper and
others citizens of the United States, praying Congress to
pass a law gianting a preemption of eighty aeivs ot any land
owned by the tinned States that had been oilered at public
tale and still remain-? unsold to the head of any family of
the late ^uiierer* in Ireland, who was the head of such fam-
ily ai any tune since Supfembet, A. I). 184f>, which suffering
win caused by the late lamino in thatroumij.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 25, 1848.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of War, cov-
ering a report of the names of the clerks in the
different bureaus pertaining to that department.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a memorial from
a society of citizens of the State of New York,
on the subject of the disease in the potato, and on
the evils likely to b'e the result; which was referred
to the Committee on Agriculture.
Also, a petition of S. J. Bowen, praying remu-
neration for services in the office of the Second
Auditor of the Treasury; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. ATHERTON presented two petitions from
citizens of Charlestown, Massachusetts, praying
for the repeal of a patent granted to William W.
Woodworth; which was referred to the Committee
on Patents.
Mr. D1X presented joint resolutions of the
Legislatuie of New Yoik, praying for the repeal
of the law of last session relative to the postage
oil transient newspapers; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. YULEE presented a remonstrance from
citizens of Florida, against the removal of the
land office from Newnansville; which was refer-
red to the Committee 011 Public Lands.
Mr. FELCH presented a petition from Peter
Godfrey, praying for leave to locate a new section
of land in lieu of one of which he has been de-
16 '
THURSDAY, JANUARY 27, 1848^
prived; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Also, a petition from Peter W. Knaggs, praying
leave to locate a new section of land under similar
circumstances; which was referred to" the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented a petition from A.
A. Eraser, and others, praying remuneration for
losses sustained by the unlawful seizure of the
Brig Douglas, while engaged in the pursuit of
lawful commerce; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, reported a bill to- provide
additional quarters near New Orleans for United
States soldiers or volunteers returning from or go-
ing to the seat of war in Mexico.
Mr. D. said: Before I send the bill up to be read, I
desire to state briefly the reasons which operated
on the committee in requesting the speedy action
of the Senate upon it. The committee found that
the appropriation of last Congress provided only
for volunteers landing at New Orleans and other
ports, disabled, or without the means of returning
to their homes. Being limited by the resolution,
the committee considered themselves bound to con-
fine themselves to New Orleans, and they have been
confirmed in the belief that the best site for the
erection of an hospital is a location near the bar-
racks there. The best proof of the superiority of
that location is afforded by the fact, that during
the prevalence of the epidemic last season, no case
of yellow fever originated in that vicinity. Of the
volunteers going to and returning from Mexico,
from five to seven hundred are now in private hos-
pitals, at the expense of one dollar per day. By
the erection of an hospital on the public grounds
near the barracks at New Orleans, the committee
are satisfied that the saving to the country, if the
war should last twelve months—and it can hardly
be supposed that it will terminate so speedily as all
desire—would be very considerable, and that at all
events the loss would be very small, even if we
should be blessed with an immediate pcace. In
addition to this, we have had under consideration
the necessity of procuring some building for the
purpose of accommodating the troops on the way
to and returning from Mexico; and in connection
with this I may state, that the battalion from my
own State, remaining at New Orleans for trans-
portation to the scat of war, have suffered extreme-
ly from exposure to the incleingicy of the season.
I am informed, ill a letter from the surgeon, that
fifty men out of the three companies are already in
the hospital, and five deaths have occurred. Sure-
ly every motive of humanity which enters into the
protection of men engaged in the service of the
country claims, with added force, our considera-
tion to those whose health have been thus impair-
ed whilst in the service of the United States, and
upon the very threshold of the Mexican campaign.
Nothing can serve more to discourage volunteers
and recruiting in the United States,Xhan this de-
tention, and the sickness and deaths incident to
such exposure. With these remarks, I ask foi a
reading of the bill.
The bill having been read a first time—
Mr. CRITTENDEN said: This is, I under-
stand, the first reading of the hill. The Committee
on Military Affairs unanimously agreed in recom-
mending that this bill should be passed with as
little delay as possible. If there be no objection,
then, I ask that the bill may have its second
reading; and, as it has been carefully engrossed
in a clear hand, I hope that the Senate will also
; allow it to be rend a third time and passed to-
i day-
; The bill was then read a second time, by unani-
! rnous consent, and considered as in Committee of
[ the Whole; and, no amendment being made, it
j was reported to the Senate, read a third time, and
I passed.
| Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
| Lands, reported abill for the relief of Henry Wash-
i ington; which was read a first time.
New Series...No. 16,
BILL INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. ASHLEY introduced a bill to amend the
act entitled " An act extending the jurisdiction of
the district courts to certain cases upon the lakes
and navigable waters connecting the same," ap-
proved 26th of February, 1845; which was read
twice.
ACQUISITION OP TERRITORY.
Mr. BAGBY submitted the following resolutions
for consideration:
Resolved, That Congress has no constitutional power to
abolish or to prohibit slavery in any State or Territory in
thi« Union
Resolved, That conquest is a legitimate means of acquir-
ing territory, and so recognized by the laws and the univer-
sal practice of civilized nation?. '
Resolved, That if territory is hereafter acquired by the
United States, either by treaty or conquest, it shall not lie
cornpetentfor the treaty-making power, or Congress, to ex-
clude slavery from such territory, either by treaty stipula-
tion or by act of CongVess; but such territoryshall beequal-
ly free and open to the citizens of all the United States,
without any limitation, prohibition, or restriction, m regard
to slaves, or any other dfiscuption of property whatsoever.
On presenting these resolutions, Mr. BAGBY
said :
Mr. President: Perhaps there is something in
the nature of our free and happy political insti-
tutions, to justify a departure from what, under a
different form of government, might be- considered
the proper course for us, in our legislative capaci-
ties, to pursue. It is admitted, at least by me, as
a general rule, that all propositions introduced into
legislative bodies, ought to be such as are intended
to be followed up by some act of practical legisla-
tion. On the other hand, it is one of the axioms
of the republican creed, that a frequent recurrence
to first principles is indispensably necessary to the
preservation of liberty. The resolutions winch I
hold in my hand, and which I shall presently ask
leave to introduce, relate to a subject of very great
moment, as I conceive, to the prosperity, and of
still more transcendent importance to the tranquil-
lity of the country, ^nd one on which it is pecu-
liarly desirable at this time to have a clear and
decided expression of opinion, and to settle, if
possible, definitively and forever.
The first of these resolutions simply asserts
what I understand to be the true position in rela-
tion to the powers of this Government over the
question of slavery. The second contains a propo-
sition, from Ihe correctness of which I apprehend
no one will dissent, and which I should not have
thought of bringing before a body so enlightened
as tins, but for the extraordinary remarks made
here repeatedly, and continually, in regard to the
acquisition of territory, if any should be acquired
by conquest in the war in which we are now en-
gaged with Mexico. A stranger to the history of
this war, and one ignorant of the provisions of our
Constitution and principles of government, and of
the code of nations, to read speeches almost daily-
delivered by Senators in the Opposition, would
think that the acquisition of territory was a thing
forbidden by the laws of nations, prohibited by
the Constitution, and unsanctioned by the great
principles of an elevated national morality. So
far from these things being so, I repeat, in the
language of the second resolution, that conquest
is a legitimate mode of acquisition, and so recog-
i nized by the laws and the universal practice of
| civilized nations. If any Senator is disposed to
! controvert this distinct substantive proposition, it
! will be much more convenient, and his arguments
, will be much better understood, than by mixing
| them up with other matter, to which they have no
! proper affinity, in a general discussion upon the
; merits of the Mexican war, and the manner in
I which it should be conducted. I apprehend, how-
1 ever, that when the question is_ fairly stated, and
; stripped of all disguise, none will be found ofsuf-
I ficient temerity to controvert it. .
! I do not intend now, sir, to go at all into the
discussion of the Mexican war. I do intend,
however, with the permission of the Senate, before
the debate is closed upon the bill now pending to
increase the army, to offer my views in regard.to
it, in reference to the origin and conduct of thp
war the objects for which it should be further
