1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
returned from or going to the seat of war in Mex-
ico.
The joint resolution of the Senate authorizing-
the erection on the public grounds in the city of
Washington of a monument to George Washing-
ion, was taken up, read three times, passed, and
returned to the Senate.
An act exempting vessels employed by the
American Colonization Society in transporting
colored emigrants from the United States to the
coast of Africa, from the provisions of the acts of
the 22d of February, 1847, regulating the carriage
of passengers in merchant vessels, was then taken
up.
Mr. SIMS moved that the bill be committed to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. GRINNELL, from that committee, ex-
pressed his earnest hope that the bill might not be
committed, but might receive its third reading, and
be put immediately on its passage. Its provisions
had been examined by a number of gentlemen on
both sides of the House, who united in approving
them. It was important it should pass without
delay, as there was a vessel now at Baltimore
waiting to take out a company of emigrants, but
whose sailing must be delayed, should the bill be
sent to a committee, where it might not be reached
for a long while. He hoped the gentleman from
South Carolina vwould consent to withdraw his
motion to commit.
Mr. SIMS, however, insisted on his motion;
and the question was taken upon it and decided in
the negative.
. The bill was thereupon read a third time and
passed.
REFERENCE OF PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
On motion of Mr. ROOT, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Joseph
R. Ingersoll, of Pennsylvania, in the chair,) on
the President's annual message and the resolutions
referring the same to the appropriate committees,
Mr. PALFREY, of Massachusetts, was entitled
to the floor, having moved last evening for the
rising of the committee, and now rose in his place
and addressed the committee during the hour
allowed him under the rule.
He commenced by Observing that, on the 22d of
December last, (a day consecrated to all time by the
admission that the subject of slavery was a legiti-
mate subject for discussion in that rlouse, and at
the same time desecrated to all time by the adop-
tion of measures in the other end of the Capitol
for the admission into this Union of a foreign na-
tion, for the purpose of the support and extension
of slavery,) a gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Clingman] had addressed a Committee of the
Whole House on a subject which he denominated
"the political aspect of the slavery question."
And he would do the gentleman the justice to say
that he had treated the subject with great courtesy,
moderation, calmness, and dignity; and he thank-
ed him for it. Mr. P. should not be surprised if
from that day the subject should have assumed*
new associations, and that it should be esteemed
the commencement of a new era in the discussion
of the slavery question, and in the entire history
of American liberty. He acccpted the omen. He
trusted the time was now gone by when so great
and all-important a question should be staved off,
and, as if by general consent, put out of the na-
tional councils. He hailed witn pleasure another
auspicious indication. He had lately read in a
Southern Review an article written in an excellent
tone and with much ability, the style and general
tone of which was as good as its arguments were
weak. Re had heard some time since of a pro-
posed plan to establish within this District a news-
paper, the object of which should be the defence
and maintenance of the slave institution; but he had
learned with high satisfaction that since then anoth-
er paper had not only been proposed, but had been
successfully established,and was now in full opera-
tion, conducted with great ability, and enjoying a
wide and daily extending circulation, with a design
directly the reverse.
On the day he had referred to, in the' outset the
Committee of the Whole had risen as soon as the
gentleman from North Carolina concluded his
speech. Mr. P. regretted that he had not enjoyed
an opportunity of hearing the whole of that gen-
tleman's speech, some private business having ac-
cidentally called him out of the Hall; but he&saw
what he presumed to be a correct report of the
speech in the National Intelligenccr the morning
following, and he had come to the House with the
intention of making some comments upon it; but
immediately after the reading of the Journal, the
death of a member had been announced, and the
House adjourned. It had not again- gone into
Committee of the Whole for several days. Two
weeks had since then been occupied in committee
in discussions on the Mexican war, on the Execu-
tive views on the subject of internal improvement,
and some other matters, until the impression origin-
ally made by the speech of the honorable gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] had in
a considerable deeree faded from the minds of the
members of the House. But it had at length been
revived again by the recent remarks of the gentle-
man from New Hampshire [Mr. Tuck] "and the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. McLane.] Mr.
P. had endeavored yesterday to obtain the floor to
address the committee, but had been unsuccessful.
He understood the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. McLane] to say, that he regarded the sub-
ject of slavery as one not suitable for discussion in
this House. Mr. P. was not of the same opinion.
But if a question was to be raised on that point, he
would ask that gentleman to remember that at the
beginning of the session of the thirtieth Congress,
on the first day of the session, a set speech was
addressed to that body, in which the political as-
pects of the subject of slavery were brought for-
ward by a gentleman from the South—a gentleman
representing the State of South Carolina, and he
presumed, therefore, representing a slaveholding
constituency. The gauntlet was then thrown
down in a manner, he admitted, the mo&t court-
eous and chivalric, but thrown down from that
quarter. It was not those, be it remembered, who
agreed in sentiment with Mr. P., who had intro-
duced the subject of slavery into the thirtieth Con-
gress ; it came in from the South.
He had said that he did no* agree with the gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. McLane] in the sen-
timent that slavery was not a proper subject for
discussion in that hall. He held that the slavery
question was the political question of the day—a
question which underlay every other, and had
done so for the greatest part of a century, and
which must ultimately determine the fate of all
the others. It was nothing to him, that, as the
gentleman said, the free States had a large major-
ity on this floor. [Mr. P. here quoted the speech,
in which it was stated that there existed in the
House a majority of fifty votes on the side of the
non-slaveholding States J This was true, notwith-
standing those provisions of the Constitution which
gave an amount of power to the slave States which
the framers of that instrument never anticipated
nor ever intended to convey. It was true, not-
withstanding certain important facts, such as these:
That fourteen slave States (being all but Virginia)
contained an aggregate population equal to the
united population of the free States of Ohio and
New York; yet, while those two free States had
a representation of four members at the other end
of the Capitol, those fourteen slave States had
twenty-eight members. So in the House of Rep-
resentatives: while Ohio and New York had fifty-
five votes, the same amount of population in the
fourteen slave States had seventy-six votes—the
difference of twenty-one votes being the represent-
ation of the slave interest. When we came to the
electoral college, the relative vote stood one hun-
dred and four again&t fifty-niye—the free States
having but little more than half. Yet, notwith-
standing these effects of slave" representation, it
was nevertheless true that the free States had in
that hall a preponderance of voles. The gentle-
man, in stating this, had stated what was true;
but he had not stated the whole truth: he had not
done so, because it did not belong to his argument;
of course he intentionally disguised nothing. But
Mr. P. said that this, which the gentlemen had
stated, was not the whole disparity. The differ-
ence was not between a few gentlemen acting as
members of the national councils; it was between
fifteen millions of white non-slaveholding people
and some three hundred thousand white slave-
holding people of this Union—between fourteen
thousand of thousands on the one side, and thiee
hundred thousand on the other. There were about
three millions of voters in this country, of whom
about a hundred or a hundred and fifty thousand
were themselves slaveholders—being twenty or
thirty to one of the whole voters of this Union.
Besides all this, did that gentleman neejl to be
told by Mr. P. of the great power "arising from the
concentrated energy of a mass of men held and.
hound together by the conviction of a great com-
mon interest which was vital to them all? A
power which enabled them, however few, to bribe,
to retain, and to intimidate the leaders of the-inert
masses ? That gentleman had not noV to learn
the extensive commotion and exejtemefot which
had been produced some years since throughout
this country on the subject of Free Masonry, be-
cause the apprehension got abroad that these secret
societies, spread like a connected net-work over the
entire land, were everywhere united by a secret
purpose inimical and dangerous to the security and
happiness of the rest of the community. But what
was the union or the dreaded efficiency of the Free
Masons when compared with the high intelligence
and the over-mastering sense of a common interest
which held together all slaveholders?
But why speculate about these things? Look at
facts. And first look at the patronage of this Gov-
ernment as dispensed in different divisions of this
country. Mr. P. had in his hand a little memo-
randum, for the exact accuracy of which he would
not vouch, but which he was fully assured was
not far from the truth. It showed that whife the
white non-slaveholders were to the slaveholders
as fifty to one, the public offices of the Union had
been shared in the following latio:
The Presidency, at the close of Mr. Polk's
term, will have been in Northern hands for 12 and
Southern hands for nearly 50 years. Of 27 Su-
preme Court Judges, appointed since 1789,11 were
from the North and 17 from the South; Attorney
Generals, 5 from the North and 14 from the South;
10 Speakers of the House of Representatives from
the North, 21 from the Sauth; 16 Presidents of the
Senate pro tem. from the North to 61 from the
South; and 54 Northern to 80 Southern foreign
Ministers. So of Chief Justices, Cabinet, naval,
and military officers throughout.
But what then ? If the value of these offices lay
simply in the honor and the emolument attached
to them, they would not quarrel about them; let
them go; they were industrious and frugal, and
they could do without the emolument; and as to
honor, they could seek it elsewhere, as they were
accustomed to do; in the pursuits of literature and
science, in the fields of discovery, and in great pub-
lic enterprises. They were used to this. Then
let the honor of office go along with the emolument.
But the real importance of this relative apportion-
ment of office lay in this: that it marked the rela-
tive apportionment of power, in the direction and
control of public measures connected with the fame
and the welfare of the nation. That, and that only,
was the reason why they adverted to the subject
at all.
One of the first acts of the Federal Government
(an act passed within five years after the adoption
of the new Constitution) was the heinous act—for
he could designate it by no milder term—was the
heinous act of the of February, 1793—an act
which placed the liberty of every free man at the
mercy of every miserable petty magistrate in tho
country whom a kidnapper could bribe to do his
dirty work. Let the kidnapper come before one
of these subalterns of the law, the very lowest on
all the roll, and present before him a man whom he
calls a slave, and let him but convince him, by any
means, no matter of what sort, that the man is
what he represents him to-be, and the warrant of
that petty justice shall be good against all the world-
for his detention and deportation. Such a law in-
| suited, if it did not endanger, the liberty of every
! white man in the land. The Governor of the State
i of New York would be as liable to such warrant
j as the most friendless negro. The law made no
! distinction between the two. And why did it not
! endanger him ? His only security was in the force
I that might rescue him, or in the fear of that force.
! The Constitution of the United States secured to
i Mr. P., if he should be sued for twenty dollars, a
trial by jury; but if a man claimed his personal hb-
j erty, he had no jury to protect him. Let but his
s kidnapper procure a magistrate's warrant, and he
might be dragged to the auction-block, and sold
as a slave. The man might take his wile
his side, his infant from the cradle; and should he
resiat, the law armed the ravisher with the whole
power of the country to strike him down.
But he would look at this subject a little further,
though the clock warned him that he must pass
