1848.
' THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
247
IV^r. HENLEY, continuing. But he would not
suppose it to be so; having seen the gentleman's
course since he had been here, he (Mr. H.) was
sure it would be an unjust conclusion, although he
was sure it was one which the gentleman would
be liable to have drawn from his' speech by
others.
, He had been told that there lives in the South a
plain, honest, straightforward, independent planter,
who had a seat on this floor at the last Congress;
that in the canvass when running for reelection,
the gentleman who opposed him went on to the
stump and told thej>eople, " Gentlemen, your pur-
pose is to select the individual most competent to
give you character and weight in the House of
Representatives—in the national councils. An
individual, in order to maintain himself there,
should be possessed of oratorical power, should be
an able speaker, a.good debater. You have Mr.
Roberts and myself both before you; when you
have heard us, you will be able to decide which of
us shall be able to make the best oratorical display
before the Congress of the nation. We shall mfike
an exhibition of our talents in that lespect to-day,
and you will decide accordingly." That exhibi-
tion was made, (said Mr. li.;) the result was, the
eloquent gentleman who had the "oratorical"
powers beat the honest, straightforward planter,
and took his seat upon this floor; and in pursuance
of his plan, Mr."H. supposed, had made the dis-
play of his speech to give character to himself and
to his constituents. The House had heard it, the
country had been informed of it, and what did it
amount to? He would not be disrespectful to the
gentleman from Mississippi; but, in all good humor
—as the gentleman was fond of good humor, and
quoted from Shakspeare and other high authori-
ties—he would say, it amounted to but little more
than the hollow sounding of an empty cider barrel,
drained of its contents in the "coon" canvass
of 1840. [Laughter.] We read of olden time
that the " asses snuffed up the east wind." A
minister once asked his footman what he could
infer from that account? After some deliberation,
he replied, he should infer "it would be a long
time before they would grow fat upon it." So, if
this gentleman's constituents cxpected to "grow
fat" upon this oratorical display, they had as little
prospect of it as had the asses of old from the east
The gentleman quoted'from Shakspeare. Let
him follow his example, and quote one passage
which he thought very applicable to the gentle-
man's speech:
u Uiatianio speaks an infinite deal of nothing, moic tlmn
, any man tn all Venice: his icasons are a*? two grains of
wheat hid in two bu^hoN of chaff; you shall sorjJc ail day
ere vou find them, and when you have thein they arc not
wouh the search."
Mr. H. had nothing more in relation to the gen-
tleman from Mississippi. But he wished to notice
some of the remarks of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Barrow.] The gentleman said, as
parties now stood, particularly in the Senate of the
United States, they could not impeach the Presi-
dent for a violation of the Constitution m reference
to the Mexican war; but if they had a majority of
Whigs in the Senate, then they would bring for-
ward articles of impeachment. What did he rnean
by this? That a Democrat was incompetent to
sit on a jury to try the President of the United
States if he had violated the Constitution of the
United States ? That was obviously his meaning.
He presumed the gentleman was a lawyer: would
he challenge a juror because he was a Demociat,
when the individual to be tried was also a Demo-
crat? He would, on the ground which he had
taken on this question!
The gentleman from Tennessee said he would
have voted for the act recognizing the existence of
the war, and making appropriations to carry it on,
under "protest." And what was that protest?
The gentleman would have been unwilling to vote
for it with a preathble declaring " whereas war ex-
ists by the act of Mexico;" but not if it had said,
"whereas, by the act of the President of the
United State,s, an unconstitutional war exists:
therefore resolved, that merf and money be appro-
priated to prosecute it." The gentleman would
not like to have voted for it when it declared the
truth; he revoked at the idea of voting for the
prosecution of an honorable war, forced upon us
by Mexico; but he would have voted to prosecute
a dishonorable war, begun by the President of the
United States! That was his position. Let him
make the best of it.
But the gentleman said he would have voted,
had he had a seat on this floor at that time, men
and % money to extricate General Taylor. This
pretext was idle. Before the forces authorized by
that act* could reach General Taylor, it was well
known that the forces called by that general and
General Gaines from, the South had reached him.
But if the gentleman and his party had merely
desired to give aid to General Taylor and his
army, and if they supposed the President of the
United States had been guilty of a violation of the
Constitution in placing our forces in that situation"
of peril on the Rio Grande, what was their obvious
duty to have done? If the President had been
guilty of sending the army into Mexican territory,
we were the aggressor, and the gentlemen were
bound, believing as they professed to believe, to
have voted to call back the army. Suppose the
President of the United States ordered our fleet to
bombard the city of London—it was a much grosser
case, but he might do it—in violation of the Con-
stitution, and in usurpation of power which did
not belong to him, would we not deprive him of
power, impeach him, and make the amende honora-
ble? The Whigs should have done that in this
case, if they believed as they said they did ^ or
they should have voted, as true Americans, to
prosecute the war to a speedy and honorable ter-
mination.
The gentleman from Tennessee said he blushed
to make the statement before the Congress of the
United States that the President had confined the
appointments he had made in the army almost ex-
clusively to his own political party: and he con-
demned this course. What had the State of Ken-
tucky done? what had North Carolina done?—
where there were Whig Governors. When ap-
pointments were to be made in the forces raised
there, not a single solitary Democrat was appoint-
ed by those Whig Governors.
Mr. BOYDON (interposing) said the gentleman
was greatly mistaken. In his State there were
three appointments made, and one of them was
a Democrat.
Mr. HENLEY. Were there only three officers
to be appointed in North Carolina under the ten-
regiment bill ?
Mr. BOYDON. That ib all; the rest were
elected.
Mr. HENLEY. I remember the regiment called
out in North Carolina desired to have their own
choice of officers, and the Governor refused.
Mr. BOYDON. North Carolina raised but one
regiment, and the Governor made the appointment
of the officers, and appointed two Whigs and one
Dcmocmt.
Mr. HENLEY. But not according to the de-
sire of the regiment.
Mr. BOYDON. Everybody was satisfied, as
far as I know, except a few Democrats; and they
afterwards became satisfied, and it was admitted
it was the best appointment that could possibly
have been made.
Mr. HENLEY. "All wer^ satisfied except a
few Democrats!" [A laugh.] Yery well, T ac-
cept the gentleman's explanation!
In Kentucky (continued Mr. H.) sixteen Whigs,
and no Democrat, were appointed by State author-
ity. But the President of the United States did
make Whig appointments from that State. And
yet the gentleman from Tennessee blushed that
the President had made the appointmeiiyLs alto-
gether from his own party!
In the State of Virginia, where the Governor
was Democratic, and these appointments emanated
from the Governor, he understood a number of
them were made from the Whig ranks.
Mr. PRESTON. In the State of Virginia the
power of appointment was taken from the Gov-
ernor and vested in a Council, and the appoint-
ments were divided two and one. The Governor
had not the power of appointment.
Mr. HENLEY. Well, who were the Council?
Was it Democratic?
Mr. PRESTON. It was a Democratic Coun-
cil.
Mr. HENLEY. Very well; that is what I
want. It was done by the Democrats.
Notwithstanding so much noise had been made
(Mr. H. continued) about the President appoint-
ing Democrats, he was free to acknowledge that
he (Mr. H.) would confine the appointments in
the army to Democrats if yon' could not find a
Whig who was in favor of the war. This he de-
clared to the world.
He enumerated Genefals Taylor, and Scott, and
Wool, who belonged to the "Whig party. Both
divisions of our army in Mexico were led by gen-
erals of the party opposed to the President, while
other distinguished soldiers could have been or-
dered to take those commands. Those Whig gen-
erals were permitted to retain cotnmabd when1 the
President could have ordered them home, or as-
signed them stations at New York, New Orleans,
or elsewhere; and yet the gentleman from Tennes*
see [Mr. Barrow] blamed the President. There
was General Cadwalader, but the gentleman de-
spised him; he was a neutral, and the gentleman
from Tennessee had no respect for neutrals.
Mr. BARROW did not wish to interrupt the gen-
tleman from Indiana in the course of his remarks,
but he could not allow himself to be represented
as saying that he despised General Caawalader.
He had used no such expression respecting Gen-
eral Cadwalader, for whom he entertained the
highest respect.
Mr. HENLEY was not conscious that he had
used the word " despised." If he had, it was in-
advertently.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, inquired if the
gentleman from Indiana spoke of General Taylor
as one of Mr. Polk's Whig appointments.
Mr. HENLEY said General Taylor had re-
ceived an appointment from the President, and he
used the term Whig in its ordinary acceptation.
The Whigs claimed General Taylor to be a Whig,
and he would leave it to that party to settle the
question between them.
Mr. H. then proceeded to read extracts from tire
speech of Mr. Barrow, quoting portions in which
that gentleman had said he was willing to give
liberal bounties to any amount that should be
necessary to raise that number of men which Gen-
eral Scott said would be sufficient to overrun all
Mexico, and he commented on this declaration as in
conflict with another in which the gentleman fr&m,
Tennessee had expressed himself to be opposed to
the acquisition of territory. To overrun Mexico,
he argued, was equivalent to the subjugation of
her; and yet the gentleman said that he was op-
posed to " the subjugation and annexation of
Mexico." The genjjeman from Tennessee was
willing to vote such a number as would give us an
effective force of fifty thousand men in the field, if
they were volunteers. But he was opposed to the
acquisition of territory either by " violence or con-
quest,"and he warned his political associates to
pause before they took the step that was now con-
templated. The step which the gentleman alluded
to was the acquisition of territory, and for what
Mr. Polk had done in relation to it the gentleman
from Tennessee predicted that retribution would
overtake him, either in this world or another.
This reminded him of a French nobleman who
was both priest and prince, who said as a priest
he would not shed any man's blood, but as a
prince he would lend his army to victory. The
footman of that nobleman asked, if the devil should
come for the prince, where would be the priest?
So in this case—if the devil should come for Mr.
Polk, where would be Mr. Barrow?
The CHAIRMAN called the gentleman from.
Indiana to order.
Mr. HENLEY said he was not speaking of the
member from Tennessee. He was speaking of
Mr. Barrow when he got home.
The CHAIRMAN said it was contrary to par-
liamentary rules to mention any member by name,
and in that respect the gentleman from Indiana
was out of order.
Mr. HENLEY apologized' to the committee for
any violation of the rules of which he might have
been guilty. He supposed he was understood,
and therefore he was content. He had attained
the object he had in view.
He then desired to say a few words respecting
the Presidential candidates whose names were
now before the people. He desired to discuss the
improbability, he might say the impossibility, of
General Taylor's being the candidate of the Whig
party, viewed in reference to the position which
he had taken. They had heard much of the dan-
gers to be aoprehended from military chieftains;
and he asked' if the Whigs were willing to take as
their candidate a man who was so lately a colonel
in the army, and who owed his elevation to his
