248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 26,
present position in the war? The running of Gen-
eral Taylor as the candidate of the Whig party
■would be a military evolution. And who was at
the head of that movement? John C. Calhoun,
the only man-in the United States who advocated
General Taylor's defensive line. John C. Cal-
houn stood, then, in the front rank. And who
stood next? Colonel James Watson Webb, the
editor of the New York Courier and Enquirer,
who had been a Whig for a long time. With
what scrupulous tenacity he had adhered to the
Whig party was well known. He did not pro-
pose to speak of that gentleman, for his course
wag too notorious. Well, who came next? Gen-
eral James Gordon Bennett, of the New York
Herald, who would make a better soldier than
many we now have, for he was a man of talent,
and energy, and industry. He was a man marked j
by success wherever he goes. True, he attacked j
Whigs as well as Democrats, and cared but little
for either, provided he could make money by his |
paper. That he declared to be his object. Well, j
the next was General Duff Green, who, if not ex- j
actly an Ishmaelite, with his hand against every
man, appeared to have every man's hand against
him. And who follows? A motley crew; not the
Whig party proper, but those who call themselves
"no-party men" all ovgr the country. Yes; Gen.
Taylor was to run as a no-party candidate. He
was to be supported by the odds and ends of all
parties. He said this without meaning to be dis-
respectful. In this motley crew would be seen
those disappointed office-seekers who had failed to
be gratified by the present Administration. In his
own State he knew who would be found marching
in the ranks of General Taylor's supporters. He
alluded to the members of the Society of Friends.
The Quakers would be seen marching in the pro-
cession huzzaing for a military President of the
United States. There would be, too, Daniel Web-
ster, Robert C. WinthrOp, and other distinguish-
ed men from other sections of this Union; and, as
they marched along, they would hear from the front
"Hail Columbia," and from the rear " Hark from
the tombs." It would be a motley crew—a strange
association. Three Whig editors were lately in
conversation on this subject, one of whom said he
would not support General Taylor unless he would
declare his sentiments on the great questions of the
day; another would not go for him unless he would
declare himself to be against the acquisition of ter-
ritory; but the third avowed his readiness to go
for him any how, and to "go it blind." And so
it was: two-thirds would be governed by principle,
and one-third would "go it blind." The editor
of the New York Tribune, a conscientious and able
leader of the Whig party, said he would not sup-
port General Taylor unless he ran as a Whig,
pledged to preside as a Whig, and would agree to j
carry out Whig principles. And so said many
honest Whigs all over this Union. They remem-
bered well an election in which they went" for Ty-
ler therefore, without why or wheiefore." They
remembered, too, how bitter had been their disap-
pointment, and that they had sworn they never
again would vote blindly for any man for that high
office. They were afraid of being again ■' Tyler-
ized."
Mr. H. then referred to opinions expressed on
this subject in Alabama, and the different views
taken in the extreme sections of the Union of
General Taylor's' soundness of opinion on the
question involved in the Wilmot proviso; each,
though differing in themselves, satisfied with the
belief that Genera! Taylor accorded with them—
with the fanatical slavery man as well as the fanat-
ical abolitionist. He also spoke of Whig conven-
tions, at which it had been lesolved to run General
Taylor, and elect him if they could. That was
all fair. But what did General Taylor say? Mr.
H. read an extract from a letter written by General
Taylor, in which he had positively said that in no
case would he permit himself to be the candidate
of any party. The Whig party, he understood,
would hold a convention for the nomination of
candidates. It would, of course, be a party con-
vention. But General Taylor said he would not
take the nomination of a party. Again, the Whigs
u.tid they would run no man unless he would'make
pledges. But General Taylor said he would make
no pledges; that he knew nothing of the bank, the
tariff, and other prominent party questions, for he
had never studied them. The Whigs, then, would
go for no man unless he gave them pledges; but
they would go for General Taylor, who had -re-
fused to give any pledge before he was placed in
a position from which he could not be removed in j
less than four years. Strange inconsistency! j
He concluded, therefore, that the Whig party j
could not sustain General Taylor, unless they j
abandoned their principles, and rendered them-
selves ridiculous before the whole Union and the
world, and that General Taylor could not be their
candidate. Of General Taylor personally he would j
not speak. That he was honest, brave, and a j
high-minded man, and that he had done the coun- j
try great service in this just war in which we are
engaged, he did not doubt. And he respected
General Taylor for it. General Taylor was too
honest to stand before the country in the attitude
in which he would be placed as the candidate of
the Whig party. He was too good a man for
that.
He knew not how much time he had left; and,
therefore, he would proceed to remark, that the
Whigs knew that the people of this Union loved
peace, and hence they try to convict the Presi-
dent of having involved us in an unjust war; but,
like witnesses who have conspired to convict a man
of murder, while they agree in the crime, they dif-
fer as to the means by which it was accomplished.
Here some asserted that the removal of our army
to tfie Rio Grande was the cause of war; others
that it was the refusal of Mexico to recognize our
minister, and allow him to assume his functions;
and others, that it was for the extension of slavery.
There were some who took other ground respect-
ing the origin of the war; but thegreat Whig party
agreed in this, that the war was unnecessarily and
unconstitutionally begun by the President of th 
United States.
They had heard something said on the subject
of treason. And what was treason ? The Consti-
tution defined treason thus:
<< Treason against the United States shall consist only in
levying war auain&t them, or in adiieung tu tlieir enemies,
giving thrm aid and rnmfort."
Now, what was " givingaid and comfort" to an
enemy? If they could get at that, they could know !
what treason is, and who was guilty of it. At the
time of the late war he believed the crime of trea- !
son was committed. The Federal party, as was ,
said by the National Intelligencer, then acted as
traitors to the country. In England, less criminal
acts would have subjected those who were guilty ;
of them to the gibbet; but in this country a man
could not be convicted of treason for any thing he |
could say. The freedom of speech was perfect;
but the country would decide whether a man was j
guilty of treason. The Federal party were doubt- 1
less guilty of treason, but they were not punished I
as traitors, except by the scorn and contempt of I
the people; and to the people he was willing to
leave any who should now pursue an analogous
course. There was doubtless treason committed
during the late war, if the traitor could have been
found to be punished. He alluded to the burning
of blue-lights on the coast to warn the enemy of
the movements of our forces. If there were any
now pursuing a similar course, they were guilty
of treason. And were there not blue-lights here
burning? Could not " aid and comfort" be given
by speeches on this floor?
Mr. H. spoke of speeches delivered here in de-
nunciation i'o the war having been circulated in
Mexico, and some of the consequences arising
therefrom. Aid and comfort and encouragement
were given to the Mexicans, and those who were
oppose*! to the subjugation of Mexico were thus
contributing to that end. To save the nationality
of Mexico they should agree at once to send a
sufficient force to prosecute the war vigorously.
They could get a treaty of peace in no other way.
They might have made a treaty after the battle of
Monterey, with the Rio Grande as the boundary;
but every succeeding battle had increased the dif-
ficulties in the way of conquering a peace. It was
his opinion that we should have had no war if it
had not been said here that annexation would be
cause of war. ,
To the people he was willing to consign the
Federalists of the present day. - He had no doubt
posterity would do them justice. He would " ra-
ther be a dog and bay the moon" than to belong
to such a party. He believed the judgment of the
present Whig party would be that of the Federal-
ists of 1796.
Mr. H. having concluded—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, obtained the
floor, but yielded to a motion that the committee
rise; which prevailing—
The committee rose and reported progress.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, gave notice that
on to-morrow, or some future day, he would ask
leave to introduce a bill to increase the pension of
Henry Click.
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 26, 1848.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition from
citizens of New York, praying the establishment
of a port of entry at Rouse's Point; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HUNTER presented a petition from the
President of William and Mary College, Virginia,
praying for compensation for the use of, and dam-
age'done to, the college buildings, by the French
troops, in the revolutionary war; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. FELCH, the petition of Am-
brose R. Davenport was ordered to be taken from
the files of the Senate and referred to' the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. *
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. TURNEY, from the Committee on Patents,
reported a bill further to extend the patent of Jethro
Wood; which was read a first time.
Mr. T. expressed a hope that it would be taken
up, and passed at once. It had passed the Senate
last session, but was lost in consequence of its fail-
ing to be reached in the House.
The bill was then read a second time, by unani-
mous consent, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole; and no amendment being made, it was
reported to the Senate.
Mr. ALLEN wished to hear some good reason
offered for the passage of the bill. He should
move to strike out the enacting clause whenever
the bill came up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is now
before the Senate.
Mr. ALLEN.. I move, then, to strike out the
enacting clause.
Mr. TURNEY. I do not know on what ground
the Senator from Ohio objects to this bill, or for
what reason he desires its rejection. I am inclined
to think that he may not have had an opportunity
1 of examining the grounds on which the committee
j have recommended the passage of this bill. The
! inventor of this improvement in the plough re-
ceived no benefit fiom the patent during the first
term, and, indeed, exhausted -his fortune in the
continued efforts which he was obliged to employ-
in order to obtain his rights. He is now dead,
having left a family of four daughters, for whose
benefit an extension of the patent for the short
period of seven years, is now proposed by the bill
before the Senate. I will only add that the bill
passed at the last session of Congress; that it has
been unanimously reported by the committee; and
that I am quite at a loss to know on what ground
objection is now made to its passage.
Mr. DICKINSON. This bill originates in the
State of New York, and numerous petitions and
memorials in regard to it have been presented at
previous sessions. Before coming here, I happen-
ed to be employed as counsel" in regard to this
patent, and still sustain to it professional relations.
When the question was up before, I declined voting
on it for the reason now stated, and I shall decline
to vote now, unless the Senate shall order other-
wise. I have, therefore, nothing to say as to the
merits of the case, and make this statement in
order to explain my silence.
Mr. DAYTON. I have only a single remark
to make in reference to this bill. I hesitate not to
say, that if any of these applications for extension
of patent rights deserves attention, this certainly
does. It is a meritorious application. I have be-
come acquainted with the case, and have no hesi-
tation in asserting, that every rule by which the
extension of patent rights has been regulated ap-
plies to it.
Mr. BERRIEN. I am uninformed of the facts
of this case, except in so far as they have been
communicated by the committee who have exam-
ined the claim of the petitioners, and have unani-
mously, as I understand, recommended this bill.
A motion is made to strike out the enacting clause
