252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 26,
right of intervention, as recognized by civilized
nations, is what I have stated it to be—a mere
right, on the part of weaker states, to combine
for the purpose of preventing the subversion of
(heir independence, and the alienation of their ter-
ritories, by a designing and powerful neighbor; a
right to be exercised only in cases of urgent and
-immediate danger. It is simply a right of self-
preservation, undefined, undefinable, having no set-
tied or permanent foundation in public law, to be
asserted only in extreme necessity, and when arbi-
trarily applied to practice, a most fruitful source of
abuse, injustice, and oppression. One clear and
certain limitation it happily possesses—a limitation
* which, amid all its encroachments upon the inde-
pendence of sovereign States, has never until our
day been overpassed. By universal consent, by
the unvarying testimony of abuse itself, it is not
to be exercised beyond the immediate sphere of
the nations concerned. It pertains rigidly and ex-
_ clusively to states within the same circle of politi-
cal action. It is only by neighbors, for the pro-
tection of neighbors against neighbors, that it can,
even upon the broadest principles, be rightfully
employed. When it traverses oceans, and looks
to the regulation of the political concerns of.other
continents, it becomes a gigantic assumption,
which, for the independence of nations, for the
interests of humanity, for the tranquillity of the
Old World and the New, should be significantly
repelled.
Mr. President, a review of the history of Eu-
rope during the last two centuries will bring with
it another conviction in respect to the right of in-
tervention—that no reliance can be placed on its
restriction in practice to the objects to which it is
limited by every public jurist who admits its ex-
istence at all; and that nothing could be so dis-
couraging to the friends of free government as an
extension of the system to this continent, if the
power existed to introduce it here. Though the
combinations it is claimed to authorize may, in
some instances, have protected the coalescing par-
ties from the danger of being overrun by conquer-
ing armies, the cases are perhaps as numerous, in
which their interposition has been lent to break
down the independence of states, and to throw
whole communities of men into the arms of govern-
ments to which their feelings and principles were
alike averse. The right, as has been seen—(and
it cannot be too often repeated)—with the utmost
latitude claimed for it by any public jurist, goes no
farther than to authorize a league on the part of
two or more weaker states to protect themselves
against the designs of an ambitious and powerful
neighbor. In its practical application, it has more
frequently resulted in a combination of powerful
states to destroy their weaker neighbors for the
augmentation of their own dominions or those of
their allies. Prom a mere right to combine for
self-preservation, they have made it in practice a
right to divide, dismember, and partition states at
their pleasure—not for the purpose of diminishing
the strength of a powerful adversary—but under
the pretence of creating a system of balances, which
is artificial m its structure, and, in some degree,
incongruous in its elements, and which a single
political convulsion may overturn and destroy. Do
we need examples of the abuse of the power, I
will not call H a right? They will be found in the
dismemberment of Saxony, the annexation of the re-
publicof Genoa to the kingdom of Sardinia, and the
absorption of Venice by Austria. There is another
and a more aggravated case of abuse to which re-
cent events have given new prominence. In 1772,
Russia, Prussia, and Austria, under the pretence that
the disturbed condition of Poland was dangerous to
their own tranquillity, seized upon about one-third
of her territories, and divided it among themselves.
In 1793, notwithstanding her diminished propor-
tions, she had become more dangerous, and they
seized half of what they had left to her by the first
partition. Sir, she continued to grow dangerous
as she grew weak; and in two years after the sec-
ond paitition, they stripped her of all that remained.
In 18J5, the five great Powers, at the Congress of j
Vienna, from motives of policy, and not from a I
returning sense of justice, organized the city of
Cracow and a portion of the suirounding territory,
with a population of about one hundred thousand
souls, into a republic, under the protection of Aus-
tria, Russia, and Prussia, with a guarantee of its
independence in perpetuity. Russia pledged her-
self, at the same time, to maintain her share of the
spoil, as the kingdom of Poland in rlame and form,
with a constitutional government. She kept her
pledge seventeen years, and then virtually incor-
porated it as an integral part into the Russian em-
pire. The little republic of Cracow was all that
remained as a monument of the dismembered king-
dom. A year ago, it was obliterated as an inde-
pendent state by the three great powers of eastern
and northern Europe, in violation of their solemn
guarantee, and assigned to Austria. The name of
Poland, the fountain of so many noble and ani-
mating recollections, is no longer to be found on
the map of Europe. The three quarters of a ccn-
tury which intervened from the inception to the
consummation of this transaction are not sufficient
to conceal or even to obscure its true character.
The very magnitude of the space over which it is
spread only serves to bring it out in bolder and
darker relief from the pages of history.
If the United States, in the progress of these
usurpations, has not remonstrated against them,
and contributed by her interposition to maintain
the integrity of the states thus disorganized and
dismembered in violation of every rule of right,
and every suggestion of justice and humanity, it
is because we have been faithful, against all move-
ments of sympathy, against the very instincts of
nature, to the principle of abstaining from all inter-
ference with the movements of European powers,
which relate exclusively to the condition of the
quarter of the globe to which they belong. But
when it is proposed or threatened to extend to this
continent and to ourselves a similar system of bal-
ances, with all its danger of abuse and usurpation,
I hold it to be our duty to inquire on what grounds
it rests, that we may be prepared to resist all prac-
tical application of it to the independent states in
this hemisphere.
Mr. President, the declaration of M. Guizot
could hardly have been made without the previous
approbation of the government, of which he was
the organ. The same sovereign occupies the throne
of France—the same minister stands before it as
the exponent of his opinions. Is the declaration
to be regarded as a mere idle annunciation in words
of a design never intended to be carried into prac-
tice? Let me answer the question by the briefest
possible refeience to circumstances. Prance was
the coadjutor of' England in the attempt to induce
Texas to decline annexation to the Union. Failing
in this, she attempted to accomplish the same ob-
ject indirectly, by persuading Mexico to recognize
the independence of Texas, on condition that the
latter should remain an independent state. These
terms were offered to Texas, and rejected. In the 1
year 1844, I believe less than twelve months before
M. Guizot's declaration was made, (and the coin-
cidence in point of time is remarkable,) a book on
Oregon and California was published in Paris by
order of the King of France, under the auspices of
Marshal Soult, President of the Council, and M.
Guizot, Minister of Foreign Affairs, and written
by M. de Mofras, who was attached to the French
legation in Mexico. "The first part of the work is
devoted to Mexico, and certainly contains some
remarkable passages. He speaks of the establish-
ment of a European monarchy as a project which
had been suggested as the only one calculated to
put an end to the divisions and annihilate the fac-
tions which desolated that beautiful country.* He
says the Catholic religion and family relations,
with the ancient possessors of the country, would
be the first conditions required of the princes, who
* The day after tins speech was delivered*, Mr. D. received
from a friend m New York, who could have had no knowl-
edge of his intention to speak, much less of the topics he
designed to discuss, a tianslation from a speech dehvei cd to
the Cortes of Spain on the 1st ot December, 1847, by Senor
Olozoga,a man of great distinction, and supposed to be the
same individual who was a few years since first minister of
the Ciown. By this speech it appears that as recently as
1846, a year after M. Guizot's declaration was made, and
two years after M. de Mofras's book was published, large
surn-j were expended by Spam for the purpose of establish-
ing a monarchy in Mexico, and of placing a Spanish prince
on the throne. The close connection of the governments of
France and Spam by the marriage of the Duke of Montpen-
sier, the son of Louis Philippe, to the sister ot Queen Isa-
bella, gives additional importance to these developments:
" No one, either on this floor or elsewhere, can deny that
the project has been entertained of establishing a monarchy
m Mexico, and to place a Spanish prince on the throne.
Thiapiojeet, conceived in the time of the Conde Aranda,
would have saved our colonies irom tiie sad fate they have
suffered : but brought fonvard on this occasion, it was the
most absurd idea that could ha\e been conceived. But we
have not only to deplore having excited political animosnies
and the conoequencea^tliis has produced in that country; we
should be called to reconstruct there a monarchical
government. He then adds:
"The infantas of Spain, the French prince?, and the
archdukes of Austria, fulfil these conditions, and we may
j affirm that, from whichever quarter a competitor should
1 present himself, he would be unanimously welcomed by the
Mexican people.
" What, then, are the interests of France in these ques-
tions ?
"The establishment in Mexico of a monarchy of any de-
scription whatever, resting upon a solid basis, should be the
first object of our policy; for we know that the instability
attached to the actual form of its government, brings with ft
disadvantages for our commerce, and inconveniences for
our people."
He adds, that if Mexico is to preserve her re-
publican form of government, her incorporation
into the Union of the North would seem more
favorable to France than her existing condition, on
account of the development of commerce and all
the guarantees of liberty, security, and justice,
which his compatriots would enjoy; and that Eng-
land would lose, under such an order of things,
what France would gain. Thus, though the dis-
membermentand absorption of*Mexico by the Uni-
ted States, are regarded by M. de Mofras as prefer-
able to the commercial monopoly and the " species
of political sovereignty," as he denominates it,
which England has exercised in that country, the
first object of France, according to him, should be a
reconstruction of monarchy in Mexico, with a for-
eign prince on the throne, and this prince from some
branch of the Bourbon family. The opinions con-
tained in this book are not put forth as the mere
speculations of a private person. They are the
opinions of an agent of the government: the pub-
lication is made by order of the king, and under
the auspices of his two chief ministers, and so
stated in the title page. I do not mean to hold the
government of France responsible for all the opin-
ions contained in that work; but, can we believe
that those I have quoted, concerning as they do so
grave a subject as the international relations of
France with Mexico, and of Mexico with the
United States, would have been put forth without
modification under such high official sanctions, if
they had been viewed with positive disfavor? It
appears to me, that we are constrained to view
them, like the declaration of M. Guizot, though
certainly to a very inferior extent, as possessing
an official character, which we are not at liberty
wholly to disregard, when we consider the one in
connection with the other.
And now, sir, I ask, do not these opinions and
declarations, especially when we look to the open
and direct interference of Great Britain and France,
by force of arms, in the domestic affairs of some
of the South American republics within the last
two years, furnish a just ground of apprehension,
if we should retire from Mexico without a treaty
and as enemies, that it might become a theatre for
the exercise of influences of a most unfriendly
character to us? With the aid of the monarchical
party in Mexico, would there not be danger that
the avowed design of establishing a throne, might
be realized ? The chances of open interposition
are unquestionably diminished by the results of
lithe war; but 1 am constrained to believe the
;; chances of secret interference are increased by the
|j avidity imputed to us for territorial extension,
jt Ought not this danger to influence, to some ex-
!! tent, our own conduct, at least so far as to dis-
ji suade us from abandoning, unti} a better pros-
I pect of a durable peace shall exist, the advantage
II we have gained as belligerents? We know a
j! have also to lament the money lost andthrown away upfm
J; Mexican soil. And in order that the Cortes may not believe
; | i am about to make accusations of so grave a character with-
I out po^essmg proofs to coiroborate them,! now hold in my
■ ■ hand a statement of the sums expended and drawn from the
!f treasuryin Havana in the jear 1846,signed bv the Senor
jj Navanoas auditoi, and Mugiea a*>treasuier. In tins state-
: | ment there is an item which sajs: < Paid bills of exchange
; | remitted by the minister plenipofentiai \ of her Majesty in
>1 Mexico foi matters belonging to the service, SlOO^OOO.' But
',\ much greater than this was the authority our minister in
Mexico possessed fo  disposing of the public funds. I do not
know whether he has made u-e of it. 1 do not even know
Ins name. I suppose iie will employ them with scrupu-
lous honesty; but is the Spanish people so bountifully sup-
plied with millions that they can aftoid to send them to the
New World, for the purpose of sustaining political intrigues
m that distant region ? How many meritorious military men,
who have shed their blood for the good of their eountry, and
whose means of support have been cut down to the lowest
possible point, might have been aided by these large sums?
How much misery might have been alleviated by the money
which has been thrown away in this manner? And where
do they tind authority for squandenng millions to foster for-
eign intrigues f"
