254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 26,
interests will be abandoned by Great Britain; and
yet it is extremely difficult to see by what interpo-
sition on her part they could be secured without
the danger of collision between her and us.
Mr. President, in what I have said in respect to
the danger of foreign interposition, I have not re-
lied upon the ephemeral opinions of the day, or on
opinions expressed in public journals abroad, how-
ever intimately those journals may be supposed to
be connected with governments, as the ^rgans of
the views which it is deemed advisable to throw
out, from time to time, for the public considera-
tion or guidance. I have resorted to no irrespon-
sible sources. I have presented opinions and dec-
larations proclaimed with more or less of official
sanction, and for the most part, with the highest—
I mean the declarations of ministers, speaking for
their governments to the popular body, and as the
responsible representatives of sovereigns, holding
in their own hands the authority to enforce, or
attempt to enforce, what they proclaim. How far
these declarations, taken in connection with the
acts referred to, should influence our conduct, is a
question on which we may not all agree. But it
appears to me that it would be a great error in
statesmanship to treat them as wholly unworthy
of our consideration. Jealousy of our increasing
power, commercial rivalry, political interests, all
combine to give them importance. It is the prov-
ince of a wise forecast to provide, as far as possible,
that these adverse influences shall find no theatre
for their exercise. To abandon Mexico would, it
seems to me, throw wide open all the avenues for
their admittance—one power for commercial mo-
nopoly, and the other for political control—and
perhaps impose on us the difficult and dangerous
task of removing evils which a proper vigilance
might have prevented.
It may be, Mr. President, that we shall have an
early peace. I sincerely hope so. In this case,
we must withdraw from Mexico; and it may per-
haps be said that the dangers I have referred to as
likely to result from our absence at the present
moment may possibly be realized. These dangers,
whatever they may be, we must incur whenever
she shall tender us a peace, which we ought to
accept. But there is a wide difference between
retiring as belligerents and enemies without a
treaty, and us friends under an amicable ar-
rangement, with solemn obligations on both sides
to keep the peace. In the former case, probably
one of the first acts of Mexico would be to re-
assemble her army, and her government might
fall under the control of her military leaders. In
the latter, amicable relations being restored, and
military forces being unnecessary, at least to act
against us, the peace party would have better
hopes of maintaining themselves, of preventing the
army, which is now regarded as responsible for the
national disasters, from gaining the ascendency,
and also of excluding influences from abroad,
which would be hostile to her interests and fatal
to the common tranquillity of both countries.
In the references I have made to France and
Great Britain, I have been actuated by no feeling
of unkindness or hostility to either. Rapid and
wide-spread as has been the progress of the latter,
we have never sought to interfere with it. She
holds one-third of the North American continent.
She has established her dominion in the Bermu-
das, the West Indies, and in Guiana, on the South
American continent. She holds Belize, on the bay
of Yucatan, in North America, with a distiict of
about fourteen thousand square miles, if we may
trust her own geographical delineations. We see
her in the occupation of territories in every quar-
ter of the globe, vastly, inordinately extended,
and still ever extending herself. It is not easy
to keep pace with her encroachments. A few
years ago the Indus was the western boundary of
her Indian empire. She has passed it. She has
overrun Afghanistan and Beeloochistan, though
I believe she has temporarily withdrawn from the
former. She stands at the gates of Persia. She
has discussed the policy of passing Persia, and
making the Tigris her western boundary in Asia.
One stride more would place her upon the shores
of the Mediterranean; and her armies would no
longer find their way to India by the circumnavi-
gation of Africa. Indeed, she has now, for all
government purposes of communication, except
the transportation of troops and munitions of war,
a direct intercourse with the east. Her steamers j
of the largest class run from England to Alexan- I
dria; from Alexandria there is a water communi-
cation with Cairo—some sixty miles; from Cairo
it is but eight liours overland to Suez, at the head
of the Red Sea; from Suez her steamers of the
largest class run to Aden, a military station of hers
at the mouth of the Red Sea, from Aden to Cey-
lon, and from Ceylon to China. She is not merely
conquering her way back from Hisdoostan. She
has raised her standard beyond it. She has en-
tered the confines of the Celestial Empire. She has
gained a permanent foothold within it; and who
that knows her, can believe that pretexts will long
be wanting to extend her dominion there? Though
it is for commerce mainly that she is thus adding
to the number and extent of her dependencies, it
is not for commerce alone. The love of power and
extended empire is one of the efficient principles of
her gigantic efforts and movements. No island,
however remote, no rock, however barren, on
which the cross of St. George has once been un-
furled, is ever willingly relinquished, no matter
how expensive or inconvenient it may be to main-
tain it. She may be said literally to encircle the
globe by an unbroken chain of dependencies. Nor
is it by peaceful means that she is thus extending
herself. She propagates commerce, as Moham-
medanism propagated religion, by fire and sword.
If she negotiates, it is with fleets and armies at the
side of her ambassadors, in order to use the language
of her diplomacy, "to give force to their repre-
sentations." She is essentially and eminently a
military power, unequalled on the sea and unsur-
passed on the land. Happily, the civilization,
which distinguishes her at home, goes with her
and obliterates some of the bloody traces of her
march to unlimited empire.
Much less has any unkind feeling dictated my
reference to France. Our relations with her have
usually been of the most friendly character. From
the foundation of our Government there has exist-
ed, on our side, a strong feeling of sympathy in
her prosperities and her misfortunes, which no tem-
porary interruption of our friendship has been able
to eradicate. There is reason for this feeling: it
would not have been creditable to us as a people if
it had proved a transient sentiment. She stood
forth at a critical period in our contest for inde-
pendence, and rendered us the most essential ser-
vice by her cooperation and aid. The swords of
Washington and Lafayette were unsheathed on
the same battle-fields. Our waters and our plains
have been crimsoned with the generous blood of
France. The names of Rochambcau, De Grasse,
and D'Estaingare identified with our struggles for
freedom. They have become, in some degree,
American, and we give them to our children as
names to be remembered for the gallant deeds of
those who bore them. It is not surprising, under
such circumstances, that in the survey of the
^European system, we should have been accustomed
to regard France as the power most likely, in the
progress of events, to become the rival of England
on the ocean as she has been on the land: and with
a large portion of our people, if the wish has not
been <e parent," it has, at least, been companion
"to the thought." For this reason, the declara-
tion of M. Guizot was considered, independently
of all views of right, as peculiarly ungracious, and
as a demonstration of feeling totally inconsistent
with the ancient friendship by which the two
countries have been united. I have never believed
it to be in accordance with the sentiments of the
French people. And so strong has been my reli-
ance on their right judgment and feeling, that I
confess I have thought it not unlikely that an inter-
position in our affairs, so completely at variance
with amicable relations, which ought to be held ;
sacred, might be arrested by a more decisive inter- !
position at home against its authors. i
I repeat, I have spoken in no spirit of unkindness j
either towards Great Britain or France. I desire ;
nothing but friendship with them—close, cordial, \
constant, mutually beneficial friendship. I speak j
of them historically, as they exist and exhibit j
themselves to the eyes of the civilized world. j
Thus far, I have considered the probable conse-
quences of retiring from Mexico, as they are likely
to affect our political relations with her, and' pos-
sibly with other States. I now turn, for a single
moment only, to a different class of considera-
tions—I mean considerations arising out of our
claims to indemnity for injuries. Although the j
war was not commenced to secure it, this is one i
of the avowed objects for which it has been pros- t<
ecu ted. Shall we abandon the position we have
taken, and leave this object unaccomplished? Shall
we not rather retain what we have acquired, until
our just claims are satisfied? To do otherwise
would be to have incurred an enormous expendi-
ture of treasure and blood to no purpose—to have
prosecuted the war till we had the means of in-
demnifying ourselves in our own hands, and then
voluntarily to relinquish them. Such a course
seems to me utterly irreconcilable either with jus-
tice to ourselves or with'sound policy. If I am
not mistaken in the views 1 have expressed, it
would be an abandonment of indemnity without
getting rid of the war, on which we must now rely
to procure it. These considerations do not apply
to the policy suggested by the honorable Senator
from South Carolina. He proposes to take indem-
nity into our own hands by occupying a portion of
northern or central Mexico, and holding it without
a treaty. My remarks are only applicable to the
policy of withdrawing from Mexico altogether,
and leaving the adjustment of differences to future
negotiations.
Having thus declared myself in favor of the oc-
cupation of Mexico until she shall consent to make
peace, I deem it prope? to say, in connection with
this subject, that I have |jeen uniformly opposed,
and that I am still opposed, to all schemes of con-
quest for the acquisition of territory. In this re-
spect, I concur in what the Senator from South
Carolina has said, and for nearly the same reasons.
I am opposed to all such schemes, because they
would be inconsistent with the avowed objects of
the war; because they would be incompatible with
justice and sound policy; and because, if success-
ful, they would be utterly subversive of the funda-
mental principle of our political system, resting as
it does on a voluntary association of free and inde-
pendent States. I have been uniformly in favor
of the most energetic measures in the prosecution
of the war, because 1 believed them most likely to
bring it to a close. In carrying our arms to the
enemy's capital and occupying his territory, I can
see nothing inconsistent with the principles of jus-
tice or the usages of civilized States. In the pros-
ecution of a war undertaken to procure, a redress
of injuries, the territories or property of an enemy
may be seized for the express purpose of compel-
ling him to do justice. More may be taken than
would constitute a fair indemnity for actual inju-
ries, provided it be done with the intention of re-
storing the surplus when he shall consent to make
peace on reasonable terms. It is in this spirit, and
with this intention, that my cooperation has been
given to the vigorous prosecution of the war. We
have a right to insist on a fair boundary; we may
exact indemnity for injuries ; we may demand in-
demnification for the expenses of the war, if we
please. But here all right ceases; and if, when
this is conceded, we have more ©n our hands, we
are bound, on every principle of law and good con-
science, to make restitution. It is admitted on all
hands that Mexico is incapable of indemnifying us
in money. But she may do so by ceding to us
territory which is useless to her, which she has
not the ability to defend, and which may be useful
to us. I have always been in favor of acquiring
territory on just terms. The acquisition of Cali-
fornia has always appeared to me very desirable,
on account of its ports on the Pacific. I have
uniformly voted for acquiring it, when the propo
sition has come before us. I believe, on the first
occasion, I was in a minority of ten or eleven.
My opinion is unchanged. Indeed, it is confirmed
by the fact, that California has, by our military
operations, become forever detached from Mexico.
If it were to be abandoned by us, its forty thou-
sand inhabitants would undoubtedly establish an
independent government for themselves, and they
would maintain it if undisturbed by foreign inter-
ference. I take the actual condition of things as I
find it, and with an earnest desire to fulfil all the
obligations it devolves on us in a spirit of justice
towards Mexico and towards the people of Cali-
fornia.
I concur also in what the honorable Senator
from South Carolina has said in relation to the in-
fluence of war on our political institutions. No
man can deploie it under any circumstances, more
than myself. Independently of the evils which it
always brings in its train, there are considerations
connected with our political organization and the
nature of our social progress, which render it
doubly pernicious in its tendencies. The final sue-
