1848,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
cess of the experiment we are malcing in free gov-
ernment, may depend, in some degree, on a steady
maintenance of the spirit of peace, in which our
political system had its origin, and in which it has
thus far been administered. Great as is our ca-
pacity for war, our whole scheme of government
is averse to it. The greatest possible economy in
expenditure; the least possible patronage in the
hands of the Executive; the smallest pecuniary
exactions from the people, consistent with our ab-
solute wants; the absence of.all demands on the
public treasury, which call for unusual contribu-
tions of revenue or promote excessive disburse-'
ments; the exemption of the country from alt
exigencies which devolve on the legislative and
executive departments of the government the ex-
ercise of extraordinary powers;—these are the con-
ditions under which the ends of our political or-
ganization are most likely to be fulfilled. Sir, none
of these conditions belong to a state of war. Ex-
travagant disbursements; extraordinary contribu-
tions of revenue, present or prospective—present,
in augmented burdens of taxation, prospective, in
the shape of loans and anticipations of income,
Jeac^ng ultimately to taxation; extraordinary pow-
ers summarily, and sometimes arbitrarily exer-
cised;—these are the inseparable companions of
war; and they are inimical to the very genius of
our social system.
There are considerations, which, in my judg-
ment, render a war with Mexico peculiarly unfor-
tunate, and which justify all the efforts we have
made to bring it to an amicable termination. We
are mutually engaged in carrying out on this con-
tinent the experiment of free government, which
in all other ages has proved abortive. We are try-
ing it under eminently auspicious circumstances.
We have no strong Governments around us, found-
ed upon antagonist principles, and adverse in their
example and influence to the success of ours. We
are sustained by the faculty of popular representa-
tion, which was unknown, or at least impcrfcctly
known, to the free states of antiquity, and by
force of which we have been enabled to carry out,
on geographical areas of indefinite extent, an
organization which had previously been deemed
applicable only to communities of limited popula-
tion and territory. It is natural, under these cir-
cumstances, that the friends of free government,
wherever they are to be found, should turn to us
as the last hope of liberal institutions. They look
to us for examples of moderation and forbearance
in our intercourse with foreign nations—especially
those having forms of government analogous to
our own—and for an exemption from the evil pas-
sions which have embroiled the countries of the Old
World, and involved them, century after century,
with brief intermissions, in wars of ambition and
revenge. In asserting the superiority of our own
form of government, the strength of the argument
will be weakened, if we shall be found no more
exempt than those, which are less popular, from
strife and contention with neighboring States. Re-
garding the success of our institutions as affecting
deeply the welfare of our race, and vindicating the
competency of mankind to self-government, I have
always esteemed it peculiarly unfortunate that any
cause of alienation should have existed of suffi-
cient magnitude to induce the two principal repub-
lics of the western hemisphere to turn their arms
against each other. The cause of liberal govern-
ment is injured, and far more deeply injured, than
it has been by the dissension of the republics in
the southern portion of the American continent.
These are considerations which it were well for
us always to keep in view—in peace, that we may
not rush hastily into war; in war, Lhat we may
spare no honorable effort for a restoration of
peace.
There is yet another consideration of a kindred
character. While the monarchies of Europe are
at peace with each other, and social improvement
is advancing, on the continent at least, with unpar-
alleled rapidity, almost the only wars now waging
among nei^hboiing States are between us and
Mexico, and between some of the South American
lepubfics. I desire, as much as any one can, to
see those distentions composed, and to see these
republican States lesume the fulfilment of their
gieat misMon among the nations—the maintenance
of the principles of political liberty, and the culti-
vation of the arts of civilization and peace.
In these views I concur with the Senator from
"South Carolina. But here I am constrained to
separate from him. When we come to practical
measures, our paths lie wide apart.
It is for the very reasons I have just stated,
that I cannot assent to the policy he proposes. I
believe it calculated to prolong the war, not to
terminate it; to keep alive the spirit of animosity
which divides us from Mexico, instead of restoring
the friendly relations which ought to exist between
us. I am in favor, then, of standing as we are.
And, sir, if she shall refuse to make peace; if we
must continue in the occupation of her capital and
three-fourths of her territory, it may be in the
order of Providence that we shall, through this
very necessity, become the instruments of her po-
litical and social regeneration, in the party con-
flicts which-distract her, the means may be found
of consolidating her government on a republican
basis, of healing her dissensions, and of uniting
her to us in bonds of friendship by an exercise of
magnanimity and forbearance in the final adjust-
ment of our difficulties with her. I believe even
now something of the salutary influence of our
presence in her capital and principal sea-ports,
begins to be felt. The abolition of transit duties,
the reduction of the impost on foreign articles of
necessity and convenience, and a fieer commerce
among the Mexican Suites, may, if continued,
strike a fatal blow at the anti-commercial system
by which her people have been oppressed^ and the
internal abuses by which her rulers have grown
rich—a system of maladministration not even
equalled by that which exists in old Spain. The
higher improvement in government, in the arts,
and in civilization under all its forms, which dis-
tinguishes our own people, may, by force of actual
contact, be communicated to the Mexicans, and
lay ihe foundation of an improved social order.
Startling as the reflection is, it is nevertheless
true, that civilization, and even Christianity, have
sometimes been propagated by arms, where they
would otherwise have been hopelessly excluded.
Thus, the very passions which seem fitted only to
desolate human society, may, in the hands of
Providence, become the agents of its advancement.
Let us, then, hope and trust that the contest in
which we are engaged with a neighboring power,
deplorable as we all consider it, may be an instru-
ment of social and political amelioration to our
adversary.
The Senator from South Carolina has said, in his
emphatic language, that we are "tied toacprpse."
It is a striking figure, Mr. President, and partakes
strongly of the boldness in which the illustrations
of that distinguished Senator are always conceived.
Mexico is, indeed, prostrate—almost politically
inanimate, if you please—under the oppressions
which have been heaped upon her, year after year,
by unscrupulous rulers. JJut I should be sorry to
believe her beyond the power of resuscitation,
even by human means. I do not expect, as our
contact with her becomes more intimate, to see
her, like the dead body touched by the bones of
the prophet, spring, at a single bound, to life and
strength. But I hope to see her—possibly through
our instrumentality—freed from the despotic sway
of her military rulers, and rising, by sure degrees,
to the national importance I wish her to possess—
order and tranquillity first, next social improve-
ment and stable government, and at last an honor-
able rank among the nations of the earth. I con-
template no direct interference with her govern-
ment—no permanent system of protection to be
exercised over it—no alliance with her beyond
what may be necessary to secure to us the objects
of peace. But I do contemplate a treaty, stipulat-
ing for commercial arrangements, for protection
and security to our own citizens in their future in-
tercourse with her, and no withdrawal of our forces
without it, at least until till chance of obtaining
one shall prove hopeless. If we were to retire
now, all commerce between her and us would cease
and be transferred to our rivals, our frontier would
be a line of war, not a boundary between peaceful
neighbors; and unless the tide of conquest should
be poured back upon her under the provocations
such a condition of our relations would almost ne-
cessarily superinduce, no citizen of the United
States could be expected, for years to come, to plant
his foot on Mexican soil. War dissolves the
political and commercial relations of independent
States, so far as they lest upon voluntary agree-
ment. It is only by a treaty of peace that they can
be revived, or new relations be substituted for the
old.
Mr. President, advpeating asl.do the occupa-
tion of Mexico until ,she shall,consent to make
peace, it may \>e incumbent op me to state in what
manner I think it can best be maintained, -And
here I must say, I think the estimates of the effect-
ive force in the field have been greatly overstated,
I propose no specific plan for adoption. I leave
all practical measures in the hands of those to"
whom they belong. I only purpose to state what
suggests itself to my mind, as advisable. I t,hink
we should find it most advantageous to remain,
much as we are, excepting to occupy such ports
on the Pacific as our fleet may reduce and maintain
as commercial avenues to the interior. It may,
however, become necessary to occupy San Luis
Potosi and Zacatecas for the protection of the
mining operations in those States, and the agricul-
tural districts near the city of Mexico, to command
supplies for the army. 1 should consider an army
of twenty-five thousand well-disciplined, effective
m6n, the smallest number adequate to the purpose,
of maintaining positions, keeping open communi-
cations from the coast to the interior, and dispers-
ing the enemy's troops if they shall be reem-
bodied; but in order to keep up such a forcc, we
should require a nominal organization of at least
forty thousand men, with full thirty thousand un-
der pay. Without the general staff, the twenty-
five regiments of regulars now in service, and the
ten new regiments proposed by the bill, will con-
stitute such a force; and when the latter shall
be raised and brought into the field, a portion of
the volunteers may be discharged, if it shall be
found ptudent to do so. Many of the regiments
are greatly reduced in numbers, and, as I under-
stand, are anxious to return home. I doubt now
whether there are more than twenty-five thousand
effective men in all Mexico, though the rolls show
over forty thousand. [General Cass, chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, here said,
the Adjutant General was of opinion that they did
not exceed twenty-four thousand.] Some of the
returns, on which the Adjutant General's report is
founded, are of as early a date'as August last. It
will be recollected that last summer, when there
was great anxiety in relation to General Scott,
statements of the number of his troops were pub-
lished here. They were founded on the returns in
the Adjutant General's office—and in his official
report of the battles before the pity of Mexico,
General Scott complained that his force had been
greatly overstated. He said it had been " trebled'*
in these returns, if I recollect rightly, and that the
army had been "disgusted" by the exaggeration.
The returns of the army now should, in like man-
ner, be subjected to great deductions in order to
obtain the real effective force. If the ten regiments
proposed by the bill are authouzed, months will
be required to laise them; they will not probably,
as the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs has stated, give many more than seven
thousand men, and in the mean time the army will
become constantly diminished by the casualties of
service. For these reasons, and for those gfven—
and so ably given—some days since by my honora-
ble friend from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] I support
the bill. I support it for another reason, which
has governed me from the commencement of the
war: to place at the control of the Executive the
men and means deemed neccssary to bring it to
an honorable termination.
As hostilities are now suspended, the chief prov-
ince of the army will be to maintain internal tran-
quillity, support the civil authorities in the execu-
tion of the laws, to free the country from the robber
and guerrilla bands by which itis infested,and sub-
servo the great purposes of government by afford-
ing security to liberty,property,and life—a security
the Mexicans have not often fully enjoyed. The
very exercise of these beneficent agencies will tend
to disarm hostility towards us with the thinking
portion of the population. It will place our armies
in a most favorable contrast with hers, which have
been scourges rather than protectors to their own
countrymen. I vvould, if possible, have no more
bloodshed. I would make our armies the protect-
ors, not the enemies of the Mexican people, and
render them subservientto the eradication of abuses
and to the institution of a better civil administra-
tion, under Mexican magistrates, abstaining from
all interference with the frame of the government,
and changing in its action only what, by universal
consent, requires to be changed. If this course
: were to be adopted and steadily pursued, I should
