258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 26.
earnestly hope its effect would be, at no distant
time, to make the capital, under our protection,
the centre of an influence which would lead to the
reestablishment of the federative system on a du-
rable basis, and give to that distracted country the
settled order which is alone necessary to make her
happy and prosperous.
To abandon the city of Mexico would, I fear,
put an end to all these prospects and hopes. That
city is the political as welt as the financial centre
of the Republic. It is there governments have been
instituted and deposed, armies levied, revenue sys-
tems devised and carried into execution. So long
as we hold it and control the adjoining districts, I
believe nothing but imprudence or mismanagement
can raise up a formidable opposition to us. If we
abandon it, all the resources of the country, which
it commands, will again he at the control of its
rulers, to be employed against us in the renewal
of active hostilities. Before it was captured, en-
ergetic movements seemed to me our true policy.
Now that it is in our undisputed possession, our
leading object should be to introduce better com-
mercial and financial systems, and let them work
out under our protection their legitimate results.
Great qualities are necessary in him who is
charged with the execution of these delicate and
responsible functions. He should have prudence,
self-control, a knowledge of civil affairs, of the
country, of the people, and their character, and, if
possible, their language. Established institutions,
existing usages, sometimes prejudices, even, must
be respected. Some of the most disastrous re-
verses which have befallen armies of occupation,
have had their origin in violations of the prevailing
customs and feelings of the people. To avoid this
fatal error, everything depends on the discretion
and wisdom of the directing authority.
It may be, that all reasonable expectations will
be disappointed; that the hostility of Mexico will
prove unappeasable; that she will prefer the politi-
cal disorganization, which now exists, to an ami-
cable arrangement with us. If so, circumstances
must dictate the course to be pursued when this
conviction shall be forced on us. But, sir, let us
not adopt such a conclusion hastily. Let us rely
on the influence of more rational motives to give
us peace.
And now, sir, I submit whether this course had
not better be pursued for a while, if I am right in
supposing the temporary occupation of Mexico,
under discreet officers, may lead to a stable peace,
rather than to withdraw our forces, and leave the
adjustment of difficulties to the uncertain chance ■
of a restoration of a responsible government, to be
terminated at last, perhaps, by the renewed arbit-
rament of arms.
I have thus stated with frankness the views I en-
tertain in respect to the future conduct of the war.
Notwithstanding the anxious consideration I have
given to the subject, they may be erroneous. It is
a question of great difficulty, on which differences
of opinion may well exist, and on which a mis-
taken course of policy may lead to the most un-
pleasant consequences. Whatever faith I may
entertain in the soundness of the opinions I have
advanced, I certainly should have more if they
were not totally at variance with those of gentle-
men possessing, from longer experience, much
higher claims than myself to public confidence.
But I have not on thi3 account thought proper to
withhold them, knowing, as we do, that, from the
very contrariety and conflict of thought and con- j
viction, valuable deductions may sometimes be j
drawn. j
Mr. President, I feel that I have already tres- j
passed too long on the indulgence of theSenate; but 1
I am unwilling to close without asking its attention '
for a very few moments to some considerations j
connected with our future growth and progress, I
and with the influence we must, in spite of our- '
selves, exert over the destinies of Mexico. They s
are no new opinions: they have been expressed i
years ago, both in public and private. 1
Sir, no one who has paid a moderate degree of '
attention to the laws and elements of our increase, !
can doubt that our population is destined to spread !
itself across the American continent, filling up, j
with more or less completeness, according to at- I;
tractions of soil and climate, the space that inter-
venes between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans.
This eventual, and, perhaps, in the order of time,
this not very distant extension of our settlements
over a tract of country, with a diameter, as we go
westward, greatly disproportioned to its length,
becomes a subject of the highest interest to us. On
the whole extent of our northern flank, from New
Brunswick to the point where the northern bound-
ary of Oregon touches the Pacific, we are in con-
tact with British colonists, having, for the most
part, the same common origin with ourselves, but
controlled and moulded by political influences from
the Eastern hemisphere, if not adverse, certainly
not decidedly friendly to us. The strongest tie
which can be relied on to bind us to mutual offices
of friendship and good neighborhood, is that of
commerce; and this, as we know, is apt to run
into rivalry, and sometimes becomes a fruitful
source of alienation.
From our northern boundary, we turn to our
southern. What races are to border on us here,
what is to be their social and political character,
and what their means of annoyance? Are our
two frontiers, only seven parallels of latitude apart
when we pass Texas, to be flanked by settlements
having no common bond of union with ours? Our
whole southern line is conterminous, throughout its
whole extent, with the territories of Mexico, a
large portion of which is nearly unpopulated. The
iI geogiaphical area of Mexico is about ],700,000
; square miles, and her population something more
than 7,000,000 souls. The whole northern and
, central portion, taking the 26th parallel of lati-
>\ tude as the dividing line, containing more than
; 1,200,000 square miles, has about 750,000 inhab-
. itants—abouttwo inhabitants to three square miles,
i The southern portion, with less than 500,000 square
j miles, has a population of about six and a half
j millions of souls, or thirteen inhabitants to one
j square mile. The aboriginal races, which occupy
i and overrun a portion of California and New Mex-
| ico, must there, as everywhere else, give way be-
ll fore the advancing wave of civilization, either to be
i| overwhelmed by it, or to be driven upon perpetu-
|j ally constructing areas, where, from a diminution of
h their accustomed sources of subsistence, they must
ultimately become extinct by force of an invincible
I law. We see the operation of this law in every
i portion of this continent. We have no power to
II control it, if we would. It is the behest of Provi-
jj dence that idleness, and ignorance, and barbarism,
;j shall give place to industry, and knowledge, and
i civilization. The Kuropean and mixed races,
i; which possess Mexico, are not likely, either from ■
■ ! moral or physical energy, to become foimidable 1
■ rivals or enemies. The bold and courageous en-
, terprise which overran and conquered Mexico,
: appears not to have descended to the present pos-
1 sessois of the soil. Either from the influence of
climate or the admixture of races—the fusion of
castes, to use the technical phrase—the conquer-
ors have, in turn, become the conquered. The
ancient Castihan energy is,ifi a great degree, sub-
dued; and it has given place, with many other noble
traits of the Spanish ehaiacter, to a peculiarity
which seems to have marked the race in that coun-
try, under whatever combinations it is found—a
proneness to civil discord, and a suicidal waste of
its own strength.
With such a territory and such a people on our
southern border, what is to be the inevitable
course of empire? It needs no powers of prophecy
to foretell. Sir, I desire to speak plainly: why
should we not, when we are discussing the opera-
i tion of moral and physical laws, which are beyond
our control? As our population moves westwaid
on our own territory, portions will cross our south-
ern boundary. Settlements will be formed within
the unoccupied and sparsely-peopled territory of
Mexico. Uncongenial habits and tastes, differ-
ences of political opinion and principle, and num-
berless other elements of diversity will lead to a
separation of these newly-formed societies from
the inefficient government of Mexico. They will
not endure to be held in subjection to a system,
which neither yields them protection nor oilers
any incentive to their proper development and i
growth. They will form independent States on j
the basis of constitutions identical in ail their lead- ;
ing features with our own; and they will naturally j
seek to unite their fortunes to ours. The fate of j
California is already sealed: it can never be re- !
united to Mexico. The operation of the great j
causes, to which I have alluded, must, at no dis-
tant day, detach the whole of northern Mexico j
from the southern portion of that republic. It is 1
for the very reason that she is incapable of de- j
fending her possessions against the elements of'
| disorder within and theprogress of better influences
; from without, that I desire to see the inevitable
political change which is to be wrought hi the
. condition of her northern departments, brought
i about without any improper interference on our
part. 1 do not speak of our military movements,
i I refer to the time when our difficulties with her
shall be healed, and when she shall be left to
the operation of pacific influences —silent, but more
powerful than the arm of force. For the reason
that she is defencelsss, if for no other, I should be
opposed to all schemes of conquest. Acquisition
by force is the vice of arbitrary governments. I
i: desire never to see it the reproach of ours. For
j. the sake of the national honor, as well as the per-
i manency of our political institutions, I desire not
; to see it. The extension of free government on
this continent can only be arrested, if arrested at
all, by substituting war for the arts of peace.
Leave it to itself, and nothing can prevent the
progress of our population across the continent.
Mr. Jefferson, with his prophetic forecast, foretold
this result forty years ago. He prophesied the
peaceful progress of our people to the Pacific. He
foresaw them forming new settlements, and, when
! strong enough to maintain themselves, organizing
; independent societies and governing themselves by
' constitutions and laws analagous to our own. It
| is true, he believed the area of freedom might be
I enlarged, advantageously to ourselves and others,
j without extending to the same broad limits the
; area of our jurisdiction. Jt was the progress and
, the triumph of great principles of political right, to
1 which his philosophical mind instinctively turned
I as to the legitimate aim and boundary of our am-
. bition and desires. Since his day the public mind
1 in this country has greatly outrun his anticipations
of our progress. It looks to the extension of oar
; Constitution and laws over regions which were
| formerly considered beyond our reach as integral
i portions of the same system of government. Mod-
j ern improvements havegiven great strength to this
j prevailing sentiment. It is possible by steam
j power, if we can succeed in making the proper ap-
! plication of it, oter so broad a surface, to reach
| the Pacific ocean from Lake Michigan, or the Mis-
|| sissippi, in eight or nine days—a period of time
j' less than that which was required to travel from
!! Boston to Philadelphia, when the Congress of the
!| American colonies first assembled in the latter city.
'■ Under these circumstances, the extension of our
j: political boundary so as to embrace all territory we
11 may justly call our own, seems no longer to be
i; considered a questionable policy. If other dis-
; tncts, not now within the territories of the Union,
; shall found independent governments, and shall
desire to unite themselves to us on terms mutually
acceptable, it is a question which concerns only
them and us, and in which no stranger can be per-
mitted to intrude. When the time comes for the
settlement of any such questions, they will doubt-
less be considered with ail the solemnity which
belongs to propositions involving the public wel-
fare. To those with whom the decision belongs
let us leave them, with the assurance that the wis-
dom which has governed and guided us so Ion"",
will still point out to us the path of libei ty, tran-
quillity and safety.
One position we have assumed, and I trust it
will be maintained with inflexible firmness—that
no Power beyond this continent can be permitted
to interfere with our progress, so long as there is
on our part no violation of its own rights. I would
I resist, at the outset, as matter of the gravest
I offence, all indications of such interference. If the
| abstract right could be asseited on grounds of in-
j ternational law, there has been nothing in the
nature of our extension, or the means by which it
; has been accomplished, to warrant its application
; to us. From the formation of our Government,
| for nearly three-quarters of a ccntury, military
j power—brute force—has had no agency in the Gen-
ii quests we have achieved. We have overrun no
provinces or countries abounding in wealth. Our
; capital has witnessed no triumphal entries of re-
; turning armies, bearing with them the spoils and
: trophies of conquest. Our ships have not been
| seen returning from subjugated districts, freighted
j with the tributes of an extended commerce. In
jthe extension of our commcrcial intercourse, we
j have not, like our Anglo-Saxon mother, been seen
j hewing down with the sword, with unrelenting
j and remorseless determination, every obstacle
which opposed itself to her progress. Our career
