1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259
ation of Texas by the Tyler treaty. And they were ,!
•made so with design—done, not simply for the pur- i|
pose ofprocuring Texas,butdone by a party,band- j
ed together from one end of the country to the other, j
with the express and deliberate view of deceiving ;
the people of the country on that very question, j
Why, need we now to be told that all over this i
country, when the opponents of annexation de-
clared that annexation was identical with war, its (
advocates ridiculed the idea and endeavored to ,
make the country believe there would be no war?
But gentlemen now turned about and frankly ac-
knowledged they had been wrong-. The gentle-
man from Maryland told the House the other day
that we procured the war as " the cost of amiexa- I
lion." Yes, sir, he spoke most truly; the sad ex-
perience of the last two years had not failed to ,
convince even the warmest advocates of annexa-
tion of that fact. The joint resolutions of annexa- '
tion, he believed and declared, were shaped with I
especial leference to deceive the people of this j
country on the question of annexation. '!
Texas, therefore, he repeated, having acquired j
no title by the act declaring her boundary to be the j
Rio Grande, none could have been conferred on j
the United States, if we had adopted that act. i
But we did not. In the constitution of Texas with |
winch she was received into the Union, and which :■
was adopted after the joint resolutions for annex- ,
ation" had passed, there was an express provision ij
that al! acts of her Congress were affirmed and i|
continued m full force, except those in derogation |i
of the Constitution of the United States, or in vio- >\
lation of the terms of annexation. Now, thejoint j
resolutions of annexation, as one of their most j
prominent features, contained a provision that the 1
question of boundary should be left to be settled '
by negotiation; and if the question of boundary !
weie to !>e settled by negotiation, how could this
act of 1830 hu otherwise than inconsistent wnh the |
joint resolutions? That act fixed the boundary
without negotiation, declared the Rio Grande to j
be the. western boundary, and, as a matter of ,|
course, by the express terms of annexation, had 'j
no binding force. i>
Rut the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Kaufman] 11
told the committee, the other day, that the act of ,
1836 was regarded by Texas as conferring juris-
diction upon her to the Rio Grande. And to what ,
extent5 Why, the gentleman said, from the mouth ;
of the Rio Grande to its source. Mr. T. hud been !
astonished to hear that declaration from the gen-
tleman (ruin Texas—that Texas had jurisdiction ;
find occupancy from the mouth to the source of the !
Rio Grande! Why, the gentleman seemed to have
forgotten (hat we were now in (he military posses-
sion of (hat country. Although, according lo (he
argument of that gentleman, and of others, we an- '
nexrd tins whole country, from the mouth to the .
source of the Rio Grande, to the United States, as ■!
jiait and pan,el of Texas, yet the President of/
the United States wasnow exercising military jar'n- j:
diction over a part of this territory, and the people
there, under this martial law, were now being I1
called upon to determine of themselves whether i
they would lie annexed to the United States or not! j'
And not only this, but the President of the United
States was also ttying to buy that country ! or to .
hold it as indemnity for the expenses of this war! :
though, at the same tune, the gentleman from
Texas, the gentleman from Maryland, and others,
told us it was a part of Texas as actually annexed ,
to the Unite d States ! ;
But the gentleman from Maryland went further,
and, in order to show that the Congress of the
United States had recognized the Puo Grande as
the boundary line, alluded to another fact, which
he declared to exist, viz: that Congress had organ- |
ized revenue districts in the State of Texas in such ;
way as that one was bounded on the west by the 1
Rio Giandc. Mr. T. would be veiv much obliged
to the gentleman if he would show him that part :
of the history of the proceedings of Cong i ess
from which he derived this information—if he
would slow him anywhere on our statute hooks
a single aet of Congress which defined the Rio
Grande as the western boundary line of any col-
lection district. Congress did pass an act estab-
lishing one levenue district m Texas. [Mr. T. '
read from the art declaring that Texas should be 1
one collction district, and Galveston a port of
entry.] Vet the gentleman told them that there
weie two revenue districts established, the west-
ern boundary of one of which, he informed them, >
was the Rio Grande. The fact was, as appeared
from the act which Mr. T. held in his hand,
that Corpus Christi was the extreme western port
of delivery, and nowhere in the revenue district
was there any port beyond Corpus Christi.
Mr. McLANE (Mr. T. yielding for explana-
tion) was understood to admit that the port of de-
livery established by this law was at Corpus
Christi; but there was an inspector of customs
appointed under the law to reside at Point Isabel,
on the Rio Grande.
Mr. THOMPSON replied, that if the President
had appointed inspectors at Point Isabel he had
violated the laws.
Mr. G-RINJNELL, with the consent of Mr. T.,
remarked, that by an understanding with the mem-
bers from Texas during the last session, it was
agreed that the disputed territory should not be
embraced within these revenue districts.
Mr. T. resinned, and said the law proves that
though ports of delivery were established at sever-
al places, there were none at Point Isabel, nor be-
yond Corpus Christi. Congress never legislated for
the disputed territory until after the war was com-
menced. After the commencement of the war, they
would find that post routes were established from
Brazos de Santiago to Point Isabel and Fort Brown.
Before the war "there were none beyond Corpus
Christi, and hence gentlemen were in error ni sup-
posing that Congress had recognized the disputed
territory by the establishment of post routes, as
some had supposed. The post routes established
since the commencement of the war had been ren-
dered .necessary to facilitate communication with
the army. The reason why Congress did not es- i
tabhsh post routes beyond Corpus Christi was, !
because the county of San Patricio was only on- :
gin all v recognized as extending to the N ueces river;
but Texas, after she acquired her independence, |
exeicised civil jurisdiction beyond it to a shoit j
distance, so as to embrace Corpus Christi. it was ;
true, however, that since this war had commenced j
she had extended her jurisdiction to the Rio Grande, |
so far as her legislation could do it. This he found, ;
fiom the Intelligencer of this morning, was attend- ;
ed with some embarrassment. The paper to which
lie referred contained a paragraph, which was in
these words:
i " From the settlements on the Itio Giande to the county
! seat at Corpus Ctu-iisti it i< nil! live clays' journey, through
j <i u il>lemci,$comilrij, aUnoht destitute of w<iter^ not a. ii.vbita.-
j tion in tiik wtioi.k oistanct', and dangerous to tr>trell< rs
| on account of the Imliuns and bands of lender Mexican1!.
I Whon persons roMdinc on the Rio Gi.mdo bonier (it the
; eotmlv ;ire cited to appeal at Corpus ChiHti, it take-s at
' le.i-.l two w"ekv to comply with the citation, be>iilo-. -aib-
, jeetiny them to the dniieulius ami d<inj;e!-> oi the io;ni."
It would he seen, (hen, that it was an easy mat-
1 ter to acquire temtory; for, so soon as Texas was
, annexed to the United States, the Texan Congress
i passed an act to extend her boundary to the Rio
Grande-, and thus it was that the •' stupendous
desert" was legislated into Texas, and constituted
part of it. This part of the public lustoiy of the
country was perfectly familiar to every gentleman
I to whom he addressed himself; but there were
1 some peculiar features of it, growing out of the
recognition of Texas itself, which show that till
this war commenced, Texas did not consider her
. title to the Rio Grande to be good. He had heie
an extract written by one of the Presidents of
Texas, who was now sitting as a United States
So/iatoi at the othei end of the Capitol, which sus-
tained him in this position.
[Mr. T. here road several extracts bearing on
that point, one of which was from a letter written
1 by General Hunt to Mr. Korsyth, in which Gen-
eral Hunt said that Texas had territoiy estimated
at 200*000 square miles.] But what was Texas as
now bounded bv the gentlemen around him ? A
; territory of 480,000 square nules! From less than
2:10,000 squaie miles she had become a country of
480,000 square nules. although General Hunt, who
■ was sent heie Hum Texas after she acqulted her
independence, and after the passage of the act of
]9th December, 1836, paid the extent of her geo-
graphical limits was 200,000; that she claimed no
: more, and exercised jurisdiction over no more.
; But he had other authority. In 1837, after the
passage of this act, the Congress of Texas passed
; a resolution to send a flag of truce to treat with the
, Mexican authorities at Brazos Santiago, thus re-
cognizing Mexican authority on this side of the
, Rio Giande. If they would look at the debates
i of that time—if they would read the Journal of
proceedings of the Texan Congress, they would
find that this now disputed territory was, by all
paities, acknowledged to be the territory and the
property ot Mexico, and to be in the occupancy
of the Mexican people. And yet the gentleman
from Baltimore told them that Mexico had taken
an offensive position there, and we a defensive one.
Why, the people who were in the valley of the
Rio Grande were born there, and reared there. It
was their home; and they were interfered with in
their homes by the troops which the President of
the United States sent there. Talk of those peo-
ple taking an offensive position! Why, how could
they offensively occupy a place where they had
been born and raised, and the possession of which
they had never yielded up to anybody. The val-
ley of the Rio Grande was not a part of Texas;
and the President had no authority to issue the
order of the 13th January, 1846, sending our troops
there. He had said, if the history of this annex-
ation movement was written, it would show that
it was all a plan of deception from the beginning;
and that our Government had been plunged into
tins difficulty by a concealment of the truth re-
garding it. Why, at the very time that we were
discussing in this country the question of annex-
ation, and the probabilities of a war which it
would bring on, our charga d'affaites to Texas
had the powei in his possession to order Amcucan
troops beyond the line of the United States into
Texas. Me had powet to do this before the con-
summation of annexation. He had authority from
the President in his pocket to do that which the
Piesident himself had no power to do—to march
the troops of this Union beyond the line of the
Union.
Mr. McLANE. Was that a Whig or a Demo-
cratic Piesident?
Mr. THOMPSON. It was the act of John Ty-
lei to which you and your party became particeps
enminis—lor when wc ca&t him off as no longer
worthy of our attention, he became fit material /or
you to use. It was done by the Administration
of President Tyler, and the present President of
the United States ratified and confirmed all he had
done m regard to the annexation of Texas.
Mr. T. proceeded to say, that the very order of
the 28th June, 1845, which sent General Taylor
from Fort Towson was issued before the consum-
j mation of annexation. Texas refused to come into
1 the Union until she received a secret pledge from
! our charge d'affaires that we would maintain her
j boundary to the Rio Grande; but no such pledge
j was made known to the people of the United
States. If they would look to the letter of Gen-
j oral Houston, sometime since published in the
National IiHclligcncer, they would learn (he fact
1 of this pledi'c having been gi\en by Mr. Murphy,
i our chargO to Texas. And who authorized him
'to make such a pledge? Was he authorized by
the Constitution, the laws, or the people of the
United States ? No. Yet, that he made that pledge,
Mr. T. had no sort of doubt. When General
Howard, his successor, was called upon to exe-
cute it, like an honest man, he told them he had
no power to do so. After his death, Mr. Donel-
son was sent to do what he refused to do, but the
people of the United States were at no time in-
formed of it during those secret negotiations.
What authority had the President of the United
States to march our troops to the Itio Grande? If
the teiritoiy belongt-d to Mexico, and was m the
possession of Mexico, he had no right to do so.
If it was meiely disputed territory, he had no right
to do so. Even though claimed by Texas, the
President had no right to do so, for it was occupied
by Mexican citizens.
Was it necessary for the defence of the country ?
The gentleman from Maryland said that our troops
were not marched there until months after General
Taylor had repeatedly advised and urged the move-
ment. Now words were very significant things,
and a single word might sometimes do much
mischief. Other gentlemen had asserted that Gen-
eral Taylor advised the movement to the Rio
Grande, but they had not said that he "repeat-
edly vrged" it. Rank injustice had been done to
that gallant old soldier, for he never either urged
| or " repeated" his advice of such a movement,
i On the contrary, he retracted the remarks he had
| made on that subject, in his letter ot October 4,
! 1845. He explained and took them back; and yet
I the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. McLaxe] aiose
! in his place here and said he repeatedly urged"
