1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred :
By "Mr. EVAN .5, of Ohio: The petition of Don L. Byam and
3iother.«, citizens of Jackson town-sliip, Muskingum county,
Ohio, piaying Congress to lake such immediate measuies as
are hest calculated to put aji end to the existing war with
Mexico; and that our Government make proposals to Mex-
ico of such terms for peace a* < haH beju*t as welJ as honor-
able ; that, as our soldiers have exhibited worthy examples
of valor, our Government shall exhibit an example of
American senerosiiy and moderation.
By Mr. GOGGIN: The petition of Edwin Porter, of Vir-
ginia, praying for a settlement of his Post Office Department
account^.
Ry Mr. CH \PMAN : The petition of citizens of the. Dis-
trict of Columbia for an act of ineoi poration.
Bv Mr. PENDLETON: The petition of the heirs of Jas.
ConwAv.
By Mr. ROSE: The memorial of the professors and stu-
dents of the Medical College of Geneva, New York, on the
disease of the potato. Also, the memoi'ml of thp citizens of '<
Waterloo, Seneca county, New York,mi the disease oi the
potato.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January c2'i, 3848.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Department of State,
showing the returns of American seamen regis-
tered during the year ending the 30th September,
1847.
Also, from the War Department, containing a
report of the expenditures for the contingent ex-
penses of the military establishment for "the year
1847.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. BENTON presented a memorial from John
Charles Fremont, praying an investigation, by a
committee, into claims on the Government, origi-
nating in California, partly in the establishment of
the independence of California, before the war with
Mexico was known, and partly since in carrying
on military operations under the authority of the
United States, and afterwards in supporting the
civil government there. For part of these claims I
the drafts drawn by the petitioner had been pro- I
tested, and for these and other claims the Secretary i
of War had answered that "special legislation" !
was necessary. For this special legislation the j
piesent petition was presented, and it asked the!
speedy action of Congress, that the far distant j
claimants might not wait too long for tardy justice. !
The claims were meritorious; they were for per-
sonal services rendered in war—for supplies fur-
nished—for sacrifices made, and all in a spirit of
patriotism and honor. They had given California
to the United States, and the gift was worth infi-
nitely more than the cost even when all just claims
were paid, and all justice done to the settlers. The
naiuie and amount of the claims required a careful
investigation; the good should be paid at once;
the bad should be silenced forever; and now is (lie
time to do it. The petition asked the establish- !
ment of a commission in California, to audit and
allow the claims, the amounts to be paid there to
the claimants by the proper officers of the pay, the
quartermaster, and the commissary departments.
Auditing the accounts there, and payment there,
were the gieat points of security both to the Gov-
ernment and the claimants. Nothing should be
paid at Washington to agents or speculators; none
but claimants in their own person's should be paid
at Washingfon.
To go to paying claims here would open the
door to unbounded fraud, which would not be
closed in ten, nor twenty, nor fifty years; lie
(Mr. B.) believed he might say seventy-five years;
for Congress was now payings-evolutionary claims
of that age, and the California claims, if allowed
to fall into the hands of agents and speculators,
would be a rich mine to be explored for a long
time, and the longer the richer, especially after the
death of Mr. Fremont. The establishment of a
commission to acton the spot, was the proper way
to do justice and prevent frauds in future. The
petition avowed that the petitioner knew almost
every transaction on which a liability of the United
States could arise. Where he did not know the
transaction himself, he knew the man that did,
and they could be equally prompt and correct,
before a commission, in verifying an honest claim,
and detecting a false one.
What the petition now specially asked was, that
the committee to be charged With the question
should take evidence upon the spot, to ascertain
the general natuie and the genera! amount of the
claims, with the view to judge the necessity of a
commission and the amount of the appropriation
necessary to be made. For this purpose the peti-
tion asked that the testimony of persons now in
the city might be taken on oath, and reported to
Congress as a guide to its action. Evidence enough
was now in the city to enlighten Congress on these
points. Military and naval officers were now in
the city who knew the general character and the
probable aggregate amount of these claims. Citi-
zens of California, of character, and not interested
in the claims, were also present. Their testimony
could easily be obtained; and the petition prayed
that they should be summoned and examined.
Mr. B. then presented three reasons why the
course in settling the claims should be adopted
which the petition recommends; Fir^t, Justice to
the claimants, who, unless they were paid at home,
would become the prey of agents and speculators.
Serovilhj, Justice to the United States, which, un-
less it settled face to face with the claimants, and
closed up the business at once, would have to pay
false claims for an indefinite time. False claims
would cost less to the speculator than true ones;
even the true would be got at half price or less, but
the false much lower; and, when dependant upon
vouchers here, the false and the true would be
abouton an equal footing. Thirdly, Justice to Mr.
Fremont himself. This justice was of a twofold
character—one to his purse, the other to his repu-
tation. He was already under protest for large
sums, and expected more—S40,(100 or ^50,000 in
the whole. He was also liable for what was got
from the inhabitants for the troops under his com-
mand, both under the revolutionary moiement for
independence, and afterwards, when the war was
carried on for the direct benefit of the United States,
it having also got the benefit of the revolutionary
movement. Justice to his reputation required the
course be recommended. In no other way could
false claims be prevented from rising up to be
charged to his operations. In no other way could
his reputation be shielded from false accounts,
founded on false charges of his having "taken
property forcibly" from the people. Either of
these reasons ought to be sufficient to have the
commission established, and the business closed
up at once ; the three put together—justice to the
claimants, to the public treasury, and to the repu-
tation ofMr. Fremont—he (Mr. B.) hoped would
be sufficient, not merely to secure a reference of
the petition to the proper committee, (the Military,)
but also to authorize the establishment of the com-
mission which was prayed for.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. UN 1) Jill WOOD presented a memorial from
the board of managers of the American Indian Mis-
sion Association, asking the adoption of measures
for improving the condition of tiie \aiious Indian
tribes; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a petition from
the Hon. George Poindexter, asking compensation
for the occupation and use of his property bv vol-
unteers mustered into the service of the United
States during the war with Mexico; which was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill for the relief of Reynolds
May, accompanied by a report; which was order-
ed to be printed. The bill was read a first time.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on JNaval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of the widows
and oi phans of the oflltcrs, seamen, and marines,
of the brig of war Somers; which was read a first
time.
Mr. YULEE, also, from the same committee,
reported a hill for the relief of Purser Benjamin J.
Cahoone; which was read a first time.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. BAG-BY said: Mr. President, on Tuesday
last 1 had the honor to present three resolutions de-
claratory of certain fundamental principles, with
respect to the truth and correctness of which, 1 am
clearly and without a shadow of doubt thoroughly
convinced. These resolutions, without amend-
ment, alteration, or modification, contain and ex-
press the convictions of my most deliberate judg-
ment, upon the great and delicate questions to
which they relate. They disclaim and deny the
power of Congress, and of the treaty-making;
power, to interfere with the question of slavery in
any State or Territory of this Union, or adoptany
limitation, prohibition, or restriction, in regard to
slavery in any territory hereafter acquired. So
far, so good. It has occurred to me, upon reflec-
tion, however, that they do riot protect all the
points I intended to secure. I hold in 'my hand
an additional resolution, which, I think, is neces-
sary in order to complete the series, and which is
intended to negative the idea entertained in quar-
ters entitled to great respect, that there is a power
in the inhabitants of the territory to exclude slave-
ry. The resolution I hold in my hand, declares
that there is no such power in the legislature or
the people of a territory; that they possess no po-
litical power, except such as is conferred upon
them by the act of Congress authorizing them to
form a territorial government; and that, inasmuch
as Congress does not possess this power, they
cannot delegate it to the territories, or the inhab-
itants thereof, I ask, sir, that this resolution be
laid upon the table, and printed; and when my
original resolutions are taken up, I shall move it
as an amendment.
Mr. BAG BY then submitted the following reso-
lution, which he desired to have printed and ap-
pended to those he had submitted some days
since :
}le*oJvc-1, That neither the people nor the Legislature of a
Teiritorv have anv constitutional power to exclude slavery
from such Tei rilory: and that the people or Legi-datiue ot a
Tei ritoiv possess no othci political power than such as is
dclcuaffd to them hy Congress m the act aiithonzing them
tofoima terulorial government. And inasmuch a^ Con-
« ie^ ha- mi power to exclude or prohibit slavery in any ter-
Utoiv ofthe United States, they cannot delegate such a power
to the Legislature of a Territory or the people thereof.
On motion of Mr. DOWNS, it was
Reioiretl. That the Committee on Puhhc Lands be in-
structed to mquiie whether, bv the provision's of the 5th sec-
tion of the act of -irh September, JS41. entitled " An act to
appropi late the ptoceeds of the sales ofthe public lands and
to giant preemption rights,the right of preemption was
fU'-pemled by the commencement of hostilities with Mexico;
und it so at the opinion of the committee, then^to repoit a
bill to revive said n*ht of preemption to confiim all claims
that have been allowed by the officer of the Laud Office un-
der the law as originally passed, and to report by bill or
otherwise. •
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
C\mkroh some days since, was taken up for con-
sideration :
Resolved, That the Committee on Printins be authorized
to employ a clerk, to whom the usual per diem compensa-
tion shall be paid out ofthe contingent fund of the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON stated that the committee
were entirely unable to discharge their duties with-
out the aid of a clerk. The new law in reference
to the execution of the public printing had devolved
an immense amount of labor upon the committee,
rendering the assistance which was asked alto-
gether indispensable.
Mr. CLAYTON did not exactly understand
why the Committee on Printing should have a
clerk, when other committees, whose labors were
arduous, were not allowed that assistance. He
believed that the Committee on Claims was the
only committee which was allowed a clerk; but, as
all knew, the amount of business devolving on that
committee was very great, and much writing had
to be done.
Mr. CAMERON said that he had not antici-
pated the opposition of the Senator from Delaware.
He would read a portion of the law relative to the
public printing, from which his friend from Dela-
waie would at once perceive ^hat it was necessary
that the committee should have a clerk. It was
their duty to audit the accounts of the contractors
for the public printing, and it was necessary to
keep a set of books. So onerous indeed were the
duties which this committee were called on to dis-
charge, that the gentleman who had been appointed
chairman of the committee at the commencement
of the session, had declined serving, and his suc-
cessor now talked of declining also. He felt
assured that when the Senator from Delaware un-
derstood the real state of the case, he would not
offer any opposition to the resolution
Mr. CLAYTON replied that the argument ad-
duced in favor of the appointment^ of ft clerk for
the Committee on Printing, applied with equal
force to all other committees of that body, espe-
cially to the committee whose duty it was to audit
the accounts of the Senate. It was an innovation;
and with all deference to the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, he could hardly suppose that there could
be writin"" enough in that committee to j ustify the
appointment of a clerk. If the committee weie
