1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. BENTON asked and obtained leave to
introduce a bill to amend the 6ath and the 91st
articles of war, in relation to the practice of courts
martial and courts of inquiry in the army of the
United States; which was read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
[This bill provides that the above-mentioned
articles shall be so amended—
1st, That all deliberations and proceedings in
courts martial and courts of inquiry shall be in
open and public session.
2d. The accused shall have a right to counsel.
3d. That all evidence and any paper offered and
rejected by decision of the court shall be entered
in an appendix at the request of the party offering
the same, for the consideration of the revising
authority.
4th. That all questions to the admissibility of
evidence or papers shall be open to objection be-
fore being decided upon.
5th. That in all decisions and in all the findings
of the court, the yeas and nays, upon the demand
of the minority, shall be entered on record.]
On motion of Mr. UNDERWOOD, the Senate
proceeded to consider, as in Committee of the
Whole, the brli granting compensation to Samuel
Leech, for services in investigating suspended sales
in the Mineral Point land district, in the State of
Wisconsin; and no amendment having been offered,
the bill was ordered to be engrossed, and was sub-
sequently read a third time and passed.
THE TEN-REGIMENT BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
to raise, for a limited time, an additional military
force.
Mr. PHELPS addressed the Senate, and, before
concluding, the usual hour of adjournment having
arrived, gave way to a motion to adjourn; and
The Senate adjourned.
[A full repot t of Mr. IVs speech will be found
in the Appendix.]
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Janam-y 28, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. DANIEL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was yesterday passed autho-
rizing the Clerk to employ .lames Young, of Wash-
ington,to compile a statement of all the claims that
have been before Congress from the 14th to the
29ih Congress inclusive, showing the names of the
elnimmits, the action of Congress theivon, &c.
After some remarks by Mr. DANIEL, in sup-
port of his motion, and by Mr. ROCKWELL, of
Connccfinit, in opposition —
Mr. ROCKWELL moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table; which motion was decided
in the ailirmntive: Yeas ^9, nays 87.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
tiie private calendar.
On motion of Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecti-
cut, the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on private bills, (Mr. McfcuiiLLAND, of
Michigan, in the chair.)
The following bills were taken up, considered,
and hud aside to be reported to the House:
A hill for the relief of the representatives of
James Brown;
A bill for the relief of Edward Q,uinn;
A bill for the relief of George Newton;
A bill for the relief of Russell Goss;
A bill for the relief of Alborne Allen.
The following bills were taken up, and, being
objected to, were laid aside:
A bill for the relief of Mary Brown, widow of
Jacob Drown;
Senate bill for the relief of the heirs of John
Paul.Jones;
A bill directing the mode of settling the claims
of Charles G. Ridgley;
A bill for the relief of William Culver;
A bill for the relief of Daniel Robinson;
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Clapper;
A bill for the relief of Mrs. Harriet Barney;
A bill for the relief of Anthony Walter Bayard;
A bill for the relief of Calvsn Emmons;
A bill for the relief of fcjenry M. Shrevo.
The bill to provide for additional examiners in
the Patent Oificc was taken up, and, on motion, it
was ordered to be reported to the House, with the
recommendation that it be referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SAWYER here moved that the committee
rise and report; and, on a division of the question,
no quorum voted. x
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the 126th rule of the House be enforced, which re-
quires the Chairman, whenever thecommittee finds
itself without a quorum, to have the roll called,
and report the names of the absentees to the
HtHise, which names arc to be entered on the Jour-
nal.
The CHAIRMAN accordingly ordered the roll
to be called; when it appeared that 158 members
answered to their names.
The committee then rose, and the Chairman
reported the names of the absentees to the House,
for the purpose of entering the same on the Jour-
nal as required by the rule.
The committee then again resumed its session;
when the following bills were taken up, and, be-
ing objected to, were laid aside, viz:
A bill for the relief of John Anderson, of Mis-
souri;
A bill for the relief of William Hogan, admin-
istrator of Michael Hogan, deceased;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of John Snyder, deceased;
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of Regnal alias Nick Hillary;
A bill for the relief of James McAvoy;
A bill for the relief of Barclay & Livingston,
and Smith, Tliurgar& Co.;
A bill for the relief of the legal heirs and repre-
sentatives of Nathaniel Cox, deceased, formerly
navy a^ent at Now Orleans;
A bill for the relief of Charles Bcnns;
A bill for the relief of John W. Hoekett;
A bill for the relief of William Ralston.
A bill giving further time for satisfying claims
for bounty lands, and for other purposes, was
taken up; and, on motion, it was ordered to be re-
ported to the House with a recommendation that
it be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
A large number of other bills were taken up and
read, but, the reports-accompanying them not be-
ing printed, they were informally laid aside.
The committee then rose and reported to the
House:
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
James Brown ;
A bill for the relief of Edward Gtuinn;
A bill for the relief of George Newton ;
A bill for the relief of Russell Goss;
A bill for the relief of Alborne Allen :
which several bills were oidered to be engrossed
and lejd a third time.; and were engrossed, read a
third time, passed, and sent to the Senate for con-
currence.
The CHAIRMAN also reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole had directed him to report to
the House, with the recommendation that they be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on thQ
state of the Union—
The hill to provide for additional examiners in
the Patent Office; and
The bill giving fuither time for satisfying claims
for bounty lands, and for other purposes.
The said bills were accordingly committed to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. SIMS moved to discharge the Committee
of the Whole from the bill to-authorize attach-
ments on mesne process in the county of Wash-
ington, in the District of Columbia, and to provide
more speedy and effectual legal remedies in said
District, and for other purposes, and that said bill
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. Agreed to.
On motion of Mr. ROOT, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, (Mr. J. R. I\tgersoll, of Pennsylva-
nia, in (he chair,) on the President's message, and
the resolutions referring the same to appropriate
committees.
Mr. GOGGIN, being entitled to the floor, said,
as this was one of the days set apart by the rules
of the House for the consideration of private bills,
he had come to the House unprepared to make any
remarks, and he therefore moved that the commit-
tee rise. Agreed to.
The committee rose and reported progress.
On motion of Mr. HALL, of New "York,
Resolved, That the Secretary or Register of the Treasury
shall be, and he is hereby, authorized to annex to the annual
report of the Register of the Treasury on the commerce and
navigation of the United States, the statement or repbrt of
the collector of customs of the commerce, tonnage, "and
business of the port or distiict of Buffalo Creek, which was
received at the Treasury Department on or about the 13th
day of December last, and too late to I>e included in the said
annual report of the Register of the Treasury, arid that said
statement or report of the said collector shall be printed
with and be annexed to the s.ud copies of said report of the
Register of the Trea>ury, beretofoie ordered to be printed
for the use of this House.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
By Mr. DUER: A hill to alter the terms of the
circuit and district courts of the United States
for the northern district of New York. Referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
By Mr. McCLERNAND: A bill to establish a
national armory at Fort Massac, in Illinois. Read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Also, an act of the Legislature of Illinois and
the petitions received during the last Congress,
upon the same subject, were referred to the same
committee.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. COCKE rose to make a personal explana-
tion. Leave being granted by the House—
Mr. C. proceeded to say, that a few days since,
in replying to some of the remarks of his colleague
over the way. [Mr. Andrew Johnson,] he found
himself leporled assaying, that " he had not been
' aware of the existence of such a state of things;
'lie was not a frequenter of such places; and
' therefore had no personal knowledge on the sub-
ject; but they had received the information from
' his colleague, who must have visited them, he
' presumed, or he would not have acquired that
1 information."
Now, Mr. C. felt it to be due to his colleague
here to sjay, that he had no knowledge at all of his
colleague's having been in the habit of frequenting
places of the description named ; what he had
said was in mere pleasantry, and intended by way
of repartee. If his colleague was accustomed to
frequent places of the sort he had described, Mr.
C. had no knowledge of it, nor had he ever heard
of any such thing. Lest, however, he might unin-
tentionally have done his colleague injustice, or in
any way injured his feelings or reputation, he
volunteered this explanation, which he hoped
would remove any such impression from the mind
of his colleague or of any other person.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, replied, that he
was well satisfied with the explanation which had
been made. A consciousness of his own course
of conduct, as well as the amicable relations
which had always subsisted between his colleague
i and himself, convinced him that nothing offensive
or injurious could have been intended in the re-
marks he had made. He had looked upon what
| had occurred, at the time and since, as a mere
i playful repartp8| not intended to injure him, or be
" seriously understood by any one.
Mr. COCKE added, that he had hoped that thafc
poition of his remarks would not have been pub-
lished in the report of his speech, and he regretted
that they had been.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the House do now adjourn. Disagreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing Executive communications:
A communication from the Secretary of State,
transmitting, in compliance with the act of March
2, 1799, an abstract of the returns made to the de-
partment by the collectors of customs, pursuant
to the act of May 28, 1796, for the relief and pro-
i tection of American seamen, showing the number
I of seamen registered in cach port of entry of the
United Sates for the year ending the 30th of Sep-
tember, 1847. Referred to the Commjttee on Com-
merce.
A communication of the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in conformity with the fifth section
of the act of March 3, 1809, a statement of the
expenditures, during the year 1847, from the ap-
propriation for contingent expenses of the military
establishment. Referred to the Committee on ex-
penditures in the Way Department.
Mr. WHITE asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a resolution. Objected to.
