264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 29,
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. BOWLIN gave notice of a motion for leave
to introduce a bill to amend an act entitled " An
act to provide for the better security of the lives
of passengers on board of vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam," approved July 9,
1838; and a bill to ascertain and fix the fees taxable
in favor of the attorney of the United States for
Missouri, for services rendered in the Circuit Court
of the United States for the district of Missouri.
Mr. SLINGERLAND gave notice of a motion
for leave to introduce a bill making appropriations
to improve and remove the obstructions to the
navigation of the Hudson river, above and below
the city of Albany, in the State of New York.
On motion of Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, the
usual number of the annual message of the Presi-
dent of theUnited States was ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. RICHARDSON, the bill
from the Senate to provide for the compensation
of Samuel Leech for services in the investigation
of suspended sales in the Mineral Point district,
Wisconsin, was taken up, read, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, the
House proceeded to consider the bill from the Sen-
ate entitled l( An act supplementary to the act en ti-
tled ' An act to regulate the exercise of the appellate
jurisdiction of the Supreme Court in certain cases,
and for other purposes-,5 " to which the following
amendment, reported by the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, was pending, viz : Strike out after the en-
acting clause, and insert:
" That all and singular the pioviaons of the net to- winch
this is a supplement, -o far as may be, shall be, and they
heiebv are, made applicable to all cases which weLe pending
in thesupieme or other supenor courts or and for the late
Territory or'Iowa, at the tune the said Territory wa* admit-
ted into the Union as a State, and to ail ca^es m winch
judgments or deciees have hecii tendered in ssiid sunrom^
or hupmui couit or the bind late Territoiy of Iowa, and not
hitheito lemoved as atois-^rud by writ ot error or appeal,
Sec. 2. Jlwl be d Jtirlhor cnaded, That all and singular
the provisions of the said act to which tin?. is, a supplement,
so far iis may he. shall be, and they hereby are. made appli-
cable to ail cases, which may be pending in the -uor-me or
other mnenor couit <>I and for any Te/ntory of the Tinted
States which ma} hercaltei bo admitted a<< n State into the
Union at the tmio of it^ admission, and to ail case- m which
judgment-or deuce-? shall ha\e been rendcied m such mj-
premo or superior coin?, at the tune of such admi-Mon, and
not pieviou-ly removed by wiit or crtor or appeal.''
Mr. HALL moved to amend the amendment by I
inserting between the word "ac*,'* where it first '
occurs, and tne words " to which," the words en-
titled " An act to regulate the exercise of the appel-
late jurisdiction of the supreme court m certain
cases, and for other purposes," approved Febru-
ary 22, 1847.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THOMPSON', of Iowa, moved further to
amend the amendment:
" Jind he it further enacted, That, all together with
all pioeess, recoids, aiders, judgments, decree*, and pro-
ceedings, of Fedcial character or pirisd tenon. and not leal iv
irans'icried to the State com- ot the State of Iowa, penchne
prior to and at the time of the a<h fusion the smd Stats of
Iowa into rhc Union, in the district or supreme control the
said Tom tor v oi iowa. 'ite hereby tiansfened to the district
court ot the United State* roi fte of Joiv,?; and it
shall the duly of the n->p^ctive clerk* of the raid courts
of the eaid Tenuory of Iowa, or their successor tn olnee.
with whom the records and pio^eerimgs of said ci>cs may
be founn, upon application by any pciM>n ui peisons inter-
ested therein, to make and certify a full a<id complex copy
of the lecords thereof, and Uansinit tiie same, together with
all the ordinal process, pl'Mdmsj*, and other pnp° i  i,]ed in
!-uch c<ue or cases, and which may be removed without mu-
tilating the records ot ^aid coints to the clerk of the >aid
diatiict^scoiii^ ©t tlie United Stales; and when the caid
papets, and proceedings siiall he thus eertihed to
tiip -.aid la-t-mentioned court, in j-iu^hction shall be deem-
ed as tall arid complete as that of die coast m winch the
said case originated nad beer; pnor to tne said ad'uts-ion ot
the State of Iowa, or a:< if the '•aid case had been ori^rmlly
instituted m said district court of tin; iTmied States.5"
This amendment was agreed to.
The question was then put on the amendment to
the Senate bill as amended, and it was agreed to.
The bill a-s amended was then read if third time
arid passed, dnd returned to the Senate for concur-
renec in said amendment.
Mr. KENXEY moved that the House proeecd
to the consideration of business on the Speaker's
table, and that the message fiotn the. President of
the United States in relation to the return of General
Santa Anna to Mexico, and the instructions to
Mr. Shdell, &e., he referred to the Committee of
the whole on the state of the Umax.
lending which motion,
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred under the rule:
. By Mr. HOLMES, of New York: The memorial of Dr.
Hartwell Carvci. piayins* for a charter to build a railroad
from Lake Michigan to the Pacific Ocean.
By Mr. CROWELL : The petition of W. H. Haley and
others, citizens of Warren, Tiuinbull county, Ohio, praying
for peace with Mexico.
By Mr. SLtNGERLANT): A petition of Daniel Palmer
and 42 others, citizens of New York Daniel Palmer, at
the eaily age of seventeen years, volunteeied in the service
of his country m the lato war between the United States
and Great Biuain *, in that wai he wa- depuved of his- riuht
leg; since that time he had been allowed a trifling p«n<i'on,
until he enlisted m the Mexican war; and now he pravs
Congress to allow him hie pennon that was suspended whiie
he was enli-ted in the Mexican wai; also, to allow him
bounty fot his land or ttea-urv s^enp. amounting in all to
$163. Also, a petition of Colonel H. \V. Dobbin and many
of the general officers under whom hp served m the late war
with Great Britain, pravmg Congress tocraut him a pension
for his services in the late war with Great Britain.
IN SENATE.
Fiuda.y, January 28, 1848.
Mr. GREENE presented a resolution from the
Legislature of Rhode Island and Providence Plant-
ations, instructing her Senators, &c., to oppose
any proposition to lay a tax oil tea and coffee;
which was laid on the table.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented a petition from
citizens of Appalachicoia, in the State of Florida,
praying that Mount Vernon may be purchased by
the United States.
Mr. W. stated, that he understood that there
were similar petitions, signed by some three hun-
dred thousand persons, in the hands of other Sen-
ators, who were waiting an opportunity to present
them. Until these petitions were before the Sen-
ate, the best disposition to be made of the one he
now presented would be to let it lie on the table.
The petition was then laid on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. STURGEON, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill for the
relief of Messrs. Cook, Anthony, Mahon, and ,
others; which was read a first time.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee oti the Li-
brary, reported a bill to authorize the purchase of
the papers of Alexander Hamilton; which was
read a first time.
Several adverse reports were considered and
agreed to.
BILL INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. RUSK, on leave, introduced a bill to au-
thorize the President to increase the naval estab- !
lishment of the United States; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Naval :
Affairs. j
RESOLUTIONS. ' ,
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, I
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct- '
ed to inquire into the expediency of lnakinsr an appropria- ■
tion for the construction ot a light-liouse on Rac< oon Point !
Dernier Me, in the State of Louisiana; and into the e\pe- :
fliciu v of an appropriation for a floating huhtin Atchafalaya :
hay, State of Louisiana.
Mr. MILLER submitted the following resolu- '
tion; which lies over: ° ;|
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
que-iti-ri to inform the Senate whether he has caused to be
laid and collected any taxe^, dutie« o  imports, upon crood^
and nieichandisehp'oiigmsto citizen* of the Un'ted State*
expoited hy «uch citizen? trom die Cmted States to Mexico;
and also what is the rate ol >uch dutn,s, and what amount i
h<r> been collected; arid also hy what authority the same ;
have been laid and collected. "
The resolution submitted some time since by j!
Mr. Hanxegan, for the appointment of a select '
committee to examine in what manner the monu- '
ments erected to deceased Senators had been con-
structed and preserved, was taken up and agreed '
to. &
On motion of Mr. HANKEGAN, the commit- ■'
tec was ordered to consist of five members to be r
appointed by the Vice President.
1 he VICE PH-EvSIDENT appointed Messrs.
Havktf.o^n,Mavgum, Hukter, Crittenden, and
Douglas, to compose said committee. >
GENERAL ORDERS.
On motion of Mr. BAGBY, a bill to authorize 1
the settlement of the accounts of Joseph Nourse, 't
deceased, y/as taken up. The bill was then read '
a second time, and considered a« in Committee of
the Whole. No amendment being offered, the bill '
was ordered to be engrossed for a third readino- '
and was then read a third time, and passed. '<
j: On motion of Mr. UPHAM, a bill for the relief
i; of Richard Bloss and others, was taken up. The
{j bill was then read a second time, and was consid-
j! ered as in Committee of the Whole; an amend-
j ment reported by the committee was agreed to,
i' and the bill was reported as amended. The amend-
!; ment was concurred in, and the bill was ordered
j* to be engrossed for a third reading, and was then
■ read a third time and passed.
i: On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, a
!' bill making further provision for the surviving
1 widows of the soldiers of the Revolution was taken
, up. The bill was then read a second time, and
; considered as in Committee of the Whole. No
amendment being offered, the bill was oidered to
be engrossed for a third reading, and was then
,, read a third time and* passed."
On motion of Mr. TL'RNEY, the Senate re-
ij sumed the consideration of the bill further to ex-
tend the patent of Jethro Wood,
i' Mr. BALDWIN, having* withdrawn the amend-
,, ment previously submitted by him, moved tne fol-
;i lowing proviso, to come in at the end of the bill ;
Provided, nerei theleis,That the owner of anj- plough here-
■ tofoie con.structed on the principle of said nneution, or his
j assigns shall continue to have the same light to u^e and dw-
po>e of such plough for use, th^t he or thej would have had
i if this act had not been parsed.
' The bill was then passed over informally.
I THE TEN-REGIMENT BILL.
| The Senate resumed the con&idcration of the bill
I to raise, for a limited time, an additional military
! force.
Mr. CASS. I have been desired to state that
| it is the wish of my friends on this side of the
Chamber, that this debate should be brought to a
close within the most reasonable time. There is
no disposition on this side of the Chamber to m-
■ terfere in the slightest degree with the freedom of
debate, or to prevent the fullest expression of opin-
i ion on the part of every member of the Senate; but
, we believe that it is very important that the debate
on this> subject should be speedily brought to a
close. There are other important measures which
await the action of this body, which must neces-
, sarily be delayed till this bill be disposed of. It
has occurred to us that hereafter, every gentleman
who addresses the Senate on this bill, should ter-
minate his speech on the same day. We will have
great pleasuie in sitting as late as may be neces-
sary; but we do hope that no Senator will here-
after occupy more than one day. Iam requested,
further, to state, that it is our hope that this debate
may be brought to a close, if not at the end of next
week, as early in the week after as possible.
Mr. PHELPS then resumed and concluded hU
remaiks. [A report of Mr. P.'s speech will be
found in the Appendix.]
Mr. DOWNS then obtained the floor, and the
Senate proceeded to the consideration of execu-
tive business; and, after some time spent therein,
the doors were re-opened, and
The Senate adjourned till Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 29, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was lead and approved.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved the
usual resolution terminating the debate on the bill
for the lelief of Mary Brown, widow of Jacob
Brown, in ten minutes after the House shall again
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on pri-
vate bills.
Mr. HALL, of New York, moved*to lay the
resolution on the table. Disagreed to.
The question was then put on the resolution,
and it was agreed to.
DEFINITE APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. VINTON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a hill making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the In-
dian Department  nd for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with the -various Indian tribes for the year ending
June 30, 1<^49. Read and committed.
Also, a bill to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the seivice of the fiscal year ending
June 30. 1^48.
Air. V. said, that before the vote was taken on
the motion to commit the bill, he desired *to state
that he should call itup*brthe action of the House
upon it as soon as the bill and the papers which
accompanied it could be printed. It proposed to
appropriate a large sum of money, between twelve
