266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 29,
sion; that he (the Secretary) had not yet sent them
back to him, and this was the cause of the delay.
In relation to the President's message, he wished
further to state what the public printer had inform-
ed the Committee on Printing was the cause of the
delay of that document; that he had furnished
and was furnishing that document as fast as the
lithographic maps contained in it were furnished
to him.
Tins statement he deemed it a matter of justice
to the printer to make.
Mr, McKAY (resuming) said the proof-sheets,
he supposed, had been sent to the Secretary of the
Treasury. Everybody knew, that of large volu-
minous documents like this, the proof-sheets were
placed, for revision, in the hands of the Secretary,
or the person making the reports, to secure accu-
racy. But, to show that the gentleman was ut-
terly mistaken, here (said Mr. MeK., holding up
a printed copy of the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury) is the document itself. How was it
possible for it, or parts of it, to be in the Treasury
Department, when the printed document was now
in their document room? And every gentleman,
by going up to the document room, ("for the prac-
tice was now changed, and, instead of the docu-
ments being placed on the desks of the members,
they were taken up to the document room,) could
supply himself with a copy.
Mr. ASHMUN. Will the gentleman allowmc
to state, that the public printer tells me they were j
placed there this morning for the first time? \
Mr. McKAY. No matter about that. J con- j
tradict, positively, peremptorily, the statement !
that any alteration has been made in the tables at
the department. And the gentleman from New
York, on the Committee of Printing, [Mr. Con"-
ger,] himself, only a day or two ag:o, asked this
House for permission to have an addition made to
this report of something which had been received
since the report was communicated.
He had but one remark in reference to the state-
ment of the honorable chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means in regard to the time in which
the appropriation bills should be reported. There
was a rule of the House requiring them fo be re-
ported within thirty days after the appointment of
the committee. That time had elapsed; and the
honorable chairman said the failure to comply
with the rule and the delay were owing in a great
degree to a want of the documents which were ne- ;
cessary. Now, he admitted, that in regard to one
or two of these bills, which the committee were
required peremptorily to report within thiity days, :
that was a good justification. The navy appro- ;
priation bill, for instance, could not be reported,
because the explanations were all contained in that
part of the documents accompanying the Presi-
dent's message which came from the Navy Depart-
ment, and the message and accompanying docu-
ments had been butafewdaysprinted entire; butin
regard to the civil and diplomatic bill, which was
the large bill, he hazarded the assertion here, from
some familiarity with the business of the commit-
tee, that there was no gentleman who would find
any information at all in the voluminous docu-
ments accompanying the message which had the
slightest bearing upon any item in that bill; and
so m regard to the Indian appropriation bill. Now,
two years ago, with a view of obviating this very
difficulty, a resolution passed the two Houses of
Congress requiring the estimates to he prepared
and printed in advance, so as to be laid on the
tables of members at the opening of the session.
That had been done for the last two sessions. The
document was now in the document room, and
every gentleman could go up and get it.
Tie concuried with the honorable chairman, arid
did not think it of any importance to report within
the first thirty days. He would be glad if the
committee would take time to examine these bills
and retrench and cut down, as he thought could be
done with regard to the public service. The great
matter was not that they should be reported with-
in the first thirty days. He thought that was a
bad rule, and ought to be repealed, in consequencc
of the change of the commencement of the fiscal
year. More time should be allowed to the com-
mittee to prepare their bills; but after the bills
were reported to the House, the great cause of
complaint was, that the House would nevei act
upon them; that (hey were not taken up till the
close of the session, and then were hurried through
without anything like due deliberation; and in
short sessions, frequently on the very last night of
the session, the two Houses were compelled to
make appropriations which their own judgment
would revolt at if they had time to deliberate.
Now, what he wanted was this—that when the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
made the motion to take up these bills, the House
would do so, and act upon them in time, and let
them go to the Senate, so that they would not be
compelled to hurry them through at the very last
hours of the session. Millions had been voted
away in this way without anybody's knowing
anything at all where it had gone until it was too
late to remedy it.
He gave notice that he should, at an early day,
ask leave to introduce a resolution authorizing and
requiring all these public documents, which the
President and the heads of the departments were
required to communicate annually to Congress, to
be printed in advance—making it the duty of the
President and the heads of the departments to
have them prepared and printed, ready to be laid
on their tables at the opening of the session.
There could not then be any ground, more than
two months after the commencement of the ses-
sion, for gentlemen to get up and say, for want of
diligence on the part of the printer, because these
documents have not been sent in, we cannot act
promptly on these various subjects. He hoped,
therefore, the House would pass his resolution
when he introduced it, and it would remove and
obviate many of the inconveniences and com-
plaints which they now suffered.
As the gentleman from Ohio had given notice
that he would call up the loan bill on Wednesday,
understanding that there was a communication on
the Clerk's table which related to this subject, he
asked that it might be taken up and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER stated that the first question
would be on the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Vi\tton~,] that the bill reported by him
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and, with the accompanying
paners, be ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUDSON, leferring to the remarks which
had b^en made in relation ro the document which
had been handed fo them this morning, said it had
been stated, he believed, that the delay in printing
that document was occasioned bv its revision or
the retention of the proof in the hands of the Secre-
tary. On the other hand, it had been suggested
that the statement could not be true; that there
must be some misrepresentation m the case, be-
cause they had the document now upon their ta-
bles. He was informed by the public printer that
the proofs were-now in the hands of the Secretary
of the Treasury, and that the public printer had
express directions from him not to deliver the doc-
ument until these proofs were revised; and that
the document had been sent in this morning at the
bidding of the Committee on Printing of the two
Houses, the public printer considering himself
under obligation rather to obey the mandate of the
Committee on Printing than the request of the
Secretary of the Treasury: and that, while this
document was now on iheir fables, several of the
proof sheets were in the hands of the Secretin y,
and not, returned by him, or had not been returned
when these documents left the printing-office.
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania. Will the gen-
tleman say when these proofs were sent to the
Secretary?
Mr. HUDSON ("not hearing the request) con-
tinuing, said he would also, while he was on the
floor, make a single remark upon the delay that
seemed to be charged—to some extent, perhaps,
upon the Committee of Ways and Means m sub-
mitting iheir report—by the gentleman from North
Carolina.
Mr. McKAY (interposing) said he made no
complaint. He thought it desirable, on the con-
trary, that the committee should take more time
in preparing their bills. He only said he thought
the documents were not wanted to enable them to
act upon the deficiency bill and upon the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. HUDSON had understood the gentleman
to intimate that some of the bills might have been
reported at an earlier day, and he had seemed to
intimate that there had been some unnecessary
delay. He (Mr. H.) had only to say in reference
to this, that there was no member of that commit-
tee who was more desirous of sifting the whole
matter of appropriations, and very justly, who
kept more constantly sending to the departments
for further information, or who was more desirous
of waiting till that information was obtained, than
thegentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. McKay.]
He did not mention this in the way of complaint,
but rather to commend the gentleman for his fidel-
ity in this case, and to account further for the delay
(if any had existed) on the part of that committee
in preparing their bills.
The question was then taken on the motion of
reference and the printing, and it was agreed to.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, which was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means:
"Treasury Di-partm^xt, Junuaru 29. 1848.
"Sir. the d<iUj ol my la^t conimumcMUon,
th" amount ol the Irmi ol uvehe imitof dnl!. r-, a letter
(acopy ot wlneh i:- iicieto annexed, the 21-t infant.)
has been received from the Secretary ot W at. mviny; the in-
formation that he had submitted to the Cuiunntt* c of VY<i\ s
and Means estimates to the amount ot since the
commencement ot the session, in addition (o those he.vio-
fore submitted ; I have therefore the honor to jerjue-t that
the loan should be granted for thes-um of 916,1)00,000. which,
it is believed, will be all that will be necessary to a^-k tor
during the present t-ession of Congress.
" I have the honor to be, very respectfully, v ir obedient
servant, McCLINTOCK YOUNG,
<l Acting Secretary of the Tr casta y.
"Hon. R. C. Winthkop,
Speaker of the Hoiue of Representatives."1'
Mr. ASHMUN wished to correct a statement
which he had made, personal to himself, in reply
to the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Mc-
Kay.] When the gentleman referred to the reso-
lution in relation to letting out the piinting at con-
tract, and intimated that he (Mr. A.) had voted
for it, he had replied at the spur of the moment
that he considered it a foolish operation. On ex-
amination, his memory was corrected; he did vote
for it. And the error which he made was this:
that, when the proposition was made to cut down
Ritchie & Heiss to the contract price, he had voted
against his political friends, and in favor of the
Democratic printers. This had led him into the
error.
Mr. FARRELLY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill to provide for additional exami-
ners in the Patent Office was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
which motion lies over for the present.
The Senate bill to authorize the settlement of
the accounts of Joseph Nourse, deceased, was
taken up, read, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. HENLEY said: Mr. Speaker, I have risen
this morning to a personal explanation; and I will
remark, that I think if all explanations of this char-
acter were as brief and explicit as the one I am
about to make, they would not be so unpopular m
this House. Some time since, sir, a member from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Hamptox] wrote to his d istrict,
for publication, a letter, containing the charge that
! the amendment offered by me to the joint resoln-
; tion of thanks to General Taylor and his army for
. their achievement at Buena Yista, was intended to
\> defeat or embarrass it. This I did not think proper
[i to notice But now, sir, another member from
that State [Mr. Nes] has repeated the same charge,
i| for the purpose, I suppose, of screening himself
■ from the odium of his vote on the amendment of
| the gentleman from Massachusetts. It is unfair
; for any man to attempt to throw the burden of his
■ own sins upon another. I will read the paragraph
!' to which I wish to allude:
" Eur an attempt ]«: nbo mnrlftoprojndicetlie publicmnid
1 against me bv connectniir this hi hp ot with a vnfc of thanks
to General Ta\ loi. It mu-t lie borne m mind tli.tr an amend-
ment has been offered bva inemhet fjem Indiana to the n s_
i' olution of thanks dr^'nicd to emha-naff. it, to which the
1. amendment of Mr. A-hrnun \va> a coimU r-mo^cinent."
!■ Of the ptopriety and parliamentary courtcsy of
i' members writing jotters for publication, impugning-
the motives of others, I leave for the judgment of
the House nnd the good sense of the people to de-
I' termine. What I desiie to say is, that if either or
! both of the members from Pennsylvania intend to
f say that I de^twl to embarrass" the vote of
thanks to General Taylor and his army, they utter
what, in point of fact,'is not correct. They have
no riiPMS of knowing my designs, and have no
; right to speak of them in this unqualified manner.
■i It was the very furthest from my " designs" to em-
