1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
267
barrass this vote of thanks, but to place it in a
light in which it would be worth having—to ex-
press to the world that the thanks were tendered
by a grateful people in good faith, for noble deeds
done in defence of the rights and honor of the na-
tion, and not in prosecuting an unnecessary and
an unconstitutional war. I consider this amend-
ment as having" been made necessary to defend the
army m general, and General Taylor in particular,
against the foul accusations that have been made
here and elsewhere, to the effect that this war is a
lawless invasion of the territory of an innocent
neighbor, and our army little better than a band of
robbers; and I shall offer it to every proposition
of a like character which- may be proposed while 1 ^
am a member of this body.
I believe that no honors can be won in an unjust
cause, and no thanks would be acceptable to a
brave and generous mind, from those whose de-
nunciations have been so often thundered forth
against the justice of the cause in which this bril-
liant achievement was performed.
PRIVATE BILLS.
On motion of Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecti-
cut, the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on private bills, (Mr. Chapman, of
Maryland, in the chair.)
The first bill taken up was the bill for the relief
of Mary Brown, widow of Jacob Brown; to which
an amendment moved by Mr. Bowlin was pend-
ing, viz: insert after the word " Massachusetts"
the words " aged seventy-four years, and born be-
fore the close of the revolutionary war."
The question on the amendment was put, and it
was agreed to.
After a short discussion on points of order, the
time limited by the ievolution for debate on this
bill expired.
Mr. PlCfvLIN moved to amend the bill by
adding the following proviso :
Provided, That this pen-ion k granted in consideration
of the gallantrv and death of Major Jacob Biown, (her -vt.-p
son,) ni command ot the foit oppo-tte Mat.imoros, and shall
not b* regarded a-? a piecedenl in other oafc.es."
Disagreed to.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, moved that the
. bill be reported to the House, with the recommend-
ation that it be recommitted to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, with instructions to report
a general bill.
Mr. ROMAN moved to amend Mr. Stuart's
motion by adding the following:
*< Providing pensions for all widows of revolutionary offi-
cers and soldier : Provided, said widows were bom pnor to
tho adoption ofthe Cons.tituliou.n
Disagreed to.
Mr. CUMMINS moved to amend Mr. Stuvrt's
motion by insetting the Committee on l< Revo-
lutionary Pensions" in heu of " Revolutionary
Clangs."
Mr. STfTART accepted Mr. Cummins's sug-
gested modification.
Mr. HALL, of NewYork, moved to amend the
bill by striking out " $20 per month" and inserting
per month." Disagreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, moved to amend the
bill by striking out per month" and insert-
ing " per monili." Agreed to.
Mr. POLLOCK moved that the bill be reported
to the House with the recommendation that it be
committed to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions, with instructions to report a bill grant-
ing a pension to the widows of revolutionary offi-
cers and soldiers who were married prior to the
year 1800.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment of Mr.
Stuart, of Michigan, and the amendment of Mr.
Pollock out of order. *
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, appealed from the
decision of the Chair.
Th? question on the appeal was stated and put
to the committee.
The decision of the Chair was sustained.
The committee then rose and reported the bill to
the House.
Mr. COLLAMER moved the previous question,
winch was seconded; and, under its operation, the
amendments of the Committee of the Whole were
agreed to.
And the bill was ordered to be engrossed, and
was engrossed and read a third time: Yeas 119,
nays 47.
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred :
By Mr. CROWELL: The petition of Hannah Wightman,
formerly widow of John Hart, deceased, for a pension.
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennes-see : The petition of Jesse
Coal and other citizens of Shady Valley, Johnson county,
Tennessee, praying the establishment of a mad route from
Tavlo =ville, via Shady Valley, to Papervillc.
Bv Mr. MORSE: The memorial of Jean Baptiste Grange,
praying permission to loeate a tract of land.
On motion of Mr. GRERN, the papers and petition of Cor-
nelius Washburn and other's, of Missouri, on the file* of
the House, were referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, t!}e papers relating to the claims of Reuben Gentiy
and others, for Indian depredations, were withdrawn from
the files of the House, and refeired to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
By Mr. TURNER. The memorial and petition of.Captam
N. Wall and others, paving foi an act to regulate and define
the duty of officeis and hands employed in the navigation of
the Mississippi and other western rivers.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 31, 1848.
The Journal of Saturday having been read and
approved—
Mr, CONGER, on leave, made a personal ex-
planation relative to the remarks of the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. McKay,] on Saturday
last, while the printing of the report of theSecretary
of the Treasury was incidentally under discus-
sion. That gentleman is reported, in the Intelli-
gencer of this morning, to have made the following
remark:
"And the gentleman from New York, on the Committee
of Printing, [Mr. Conukr.1 himself, orilv a dav or two ago,
asked this House for peumssion to have an addition made
to this report of something whieh had been icceived since
the teport was communicated.1'
He (Mr. C.) did not hear the remark at the
time, or he should immediately have taken occa-
sion to correct the error into which the gentleman
had, inadvertently, without doubt, fnllcn. The
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. McKay] had
probably made the statement upon what he deem-
ed good authority, but he (Mr. C.) felt it due to
himself and the public to state, that so far from his
having made any such request of the House as is
stated, he knew nothing whatever of any request
of the kind having been made by any one.
Mr. McKAY said he had not seen the report of
his remarks this morning in the Intelligencer, but
he had stated in substance what the gentleman now
read. Somcgentleman from New York had made
amotion lo append something which had subse-
quently been received to the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury, as he then supposed, but hail
since learned it was to the report on commerce arid
navigation. It was this fact that had led him into
the error.
FORTIFICATION JULL.
Mr. VINTON, fiom the Committee of "Ways
and Means, reported a hill making appropriations
for certain fortifications of the United States for
the year ending the 30th June, 1849. Also, a bill
making1 appropriations for the support, of the army
and of volunteers for the year ending 30th June, 3849;
which bills were read twice and committed.
RESOLUTIONS.
The regular order of business was -the call of
the States for resolutions.
On motion of Mr. PHELPS, it was
Rem/ved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
I'o t Road* be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
e^tabh-dims po-n routes from Oeeobi. St Clair county, via
(inincy, to Hiekoiv Court-House, ]Vli«somi
On motion ofMr. HALL, of Missouri,
Renolvrd. That the Committee of Claim" be instructed to
inqtnie into the pioprierv o! authorizing tiie Secretary of the
Treasury to emnlov *uch an additional number of cleiks in
the office of the Second Auditor as are requited by the exi-
gencies of that office.
Mr. GOTT moved the usual resolution to close
the debate in the Committee of the Whole on the
President's annual message, and the resolutions
referring the same to the appropriate committees, on
Tuesday, the ]st day nf February, at two o'clock.
! Mr. CROZ1ER moved to amend the resolution
bv inserting the "1st day of March," in lieu of
the " 1st day of February." Lost.
Mr. COLLAMER moved to lay the resolution
on the tahle; which motion was decided in the
negative: Yeas 31, nays 336.
Mr. FISHER moved to strike out "1st day of
February," and insert the "4th day of Febru-
ary." Lost.
The resolution was then agreed to.
On motion of Mr. GREEN, -
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office .and post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a post road from Alexandria, Clarke county, Mis-
souri,'to Winchester, in said county. Also, from Alexan-
dria to Canton, in Lewis county; and also from Alexandria,
byway of Francisville, Wood's Mill, BloomfieJd, Drake/j-
ville, Princeton, and Knofcville, to FortDes Moines, .in the
State of Iowa. Also, from Kirksvilie to Lancaster, Mis-
souri.
On motion of Mr. McCLELLAND,
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the pioprie y of granting to Anthony
Ten Eyck, Esq., commissioner to the Sandwich Islands,an
outfit.
Mr. STTJART, of Michigan, moved the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Accounts be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of allowing tne Sergeant-at- *
Arms to employ a clerk, and also to specify the compensa-
tion for the tame,
Mr. COCKE moved to lay the resolution on the
tahle. Agreed to.
On motion of Mr. CABELL,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Ignite be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing by law
for the suivey uudisale ot so much of the public lands which
have been or may hereafter be icturiied to the Land Office
of the United States " unsaleable," as the settlers therein
shall desire to purchase at the minimum price of one dollar
and twenty-five cents peracrc.
On motion of Mr. CABELL,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
stiucted to mquiie into the expediency of providing, bylaw,
the fee** of district attorneys, marshals, clerks, commission-
er*, and other officers- of the comts of the United Stales, so
that the same shall be in force in all the States.
On motion of Mr. CAHELL,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of having a custom-house
elected ;it Appahiohicola,in the Suite of Florida; also, into
the expediency of having a marine hospital erected at the
same place.
Mr. CABELL asked leave to present a pream-
ble and resolutions of the Legislatuie of the State
of Florida, relative to the expenses of the Florida
volunteers previous to their being mustered into
the service of the United States.
Also, the preamble andresolutionsfrom the same
source in relation to the Florida volunteeis in the
Seminole war.
Objection being made—
Mr. CABELL moved to suspend the rules.
The question was put, the rules suspended, and
the preamble and resolutions received and referred.
On motion of Mr. TWEEDY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making appropriations at
the present session for the erection of a light-house at Sank
Harbor, m the Temtory of Wisconsin ; and also for the im-
piovemcntol the hatbor of Cheboygan, in said Terutory;
and that they report by bill oi <>ih<n\vi e.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS,
Revolved, That the Committee on Comineiee be instructed
to inqmio into the expediency of providing bv law for regis-
tering for"ign vessels put chafed and repaned b> citizens of
the- United States.
On motion of Mr. LEFFLER,
Reso'ved} That the Committee on the Public Land.* be in-
stMictcd to inquiic into the expediency of setting apart a suf-
ficient quantify of the public lands in the vicmitvof the^Mis-
sissippi river to cover.fit thr minimum price, the estimated
co?t of the improvement of the Des Moines and Koek nver
rapids, said hinds to be designated underthe authonty of the
State of Iowa, sold by the Government of the United States,
and the proceeds applied to said improvements, under the
direction of the Secretary of War.
Resolved, That if tne above plan should be deemed inex-
pedient, then thai said committee be instructed to mqune
into the expediency of setting apait tbirtv per cent- of the
net proceeds of the tales oj the public land* foi the stud
purpose within the following district, to wit: thirty utiles
on each side of the Mississippi, fiom the southern extremity
of the ftes Moines rapids to the mouth of the St. Peters; the
fund ari-mg from which to be applied, underthe direction of
the Pccnn.uy of War, exclusively to said ltiipiovements;
and thaf said committee icport by bill oi otherwise.
Mr. KAUFMAN presented a preamble and
resolutions of the Legislature of Texas in relation
to the passage of a law for the payment of the
volunteers called out from that State under the
requisitions of Colonel S. R. Curtis. Referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion of Mr. THOMPSON, of Iowa,
Revoked, That the Committee on the Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of establishing a new
land district in the State of Iowa, with a hind office at Fort
Des Moines, in Polk county, and repot t by bill orotheiwise.
Mr. CABELL moved the following resolution;
which was read, and laid over underthe rule:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to cause to be communicated to this House the num-
ber and names of the commissioned officers m the mihfaiy
service of the United States who have been at any time at-
tached to the army of the (Jrnted States in Mexico, and who
are now absent from said army on leave, or for any other
purpose.
