268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan, 31,
Mr. JOHNSON", of Arkansas, presented the
memorial of the children of Eli Whitney, the in-
ventor of the cotton-gin, and moved its reference
to a select committee of nine members.
The question was put on its reference as above,
and it was so referred.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, in pursuance of
previous notice, introduced a bill to confirm the
boundary line between Missouri and Arkansas.
The bill was twice read, arid—
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed; and was engrossed, read a
third time, passed, and sent to the Senate for con-
currence.
Mr. JAM1ESON moved the following resolu-
tion, which was read and laid over:
Resolved, That the Committee on Accounts be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of authorizing the Seigeant-
at-Arms to employ a clerk.
Mr. HARRIS presented certain joint resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Alabama favorable to
the plan of Asa Whitney for a railroad from Lake
Michigan to the Pacific Ocean.
Mr. TURJNER asked leave to introduce a joint
resolution to annex Upper and Lower California
to the United States.
It being objected to, the question was stated on
granting leave, on which the yeas and nays weie
ordered; but, before any question was taken—
Mr. BROQHEAD stated his desire to debate
the motion on granting leave, and it was laid over
under the rule.
On motion of Mr. RICHARDSON,
Revolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Road? be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estali-
lishing a po-st-route from Kmderhook, 111 Pike county, J1U-
nois, to Hannibal, in the State of Missouri.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Po^-t Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquite into the expediency of estab-
lishing a post-route noni tibiehMHirousrh, Hancock countv,
Mississippi, by way ot Gainesville, Columbia, and Monti-
cello. to Gallatin, Mississippi; and also, lioirt Bolivar, Mis-
sissippi, by Augusta, Elli-,ville, Paulding, and Decatur, to
Hillsborough.
Mr. FEATHERSTON moved the following
preamble and resolution, which weie read and
agteed to:
Whereas the Government of the [7nifed States nwn« a
UrnH quantity oi land m the Stiteof Mississippi. Jvuig in the
Mississippi bottom, wlneh is subject to oveiflow, and is
tbeiehv rendered worthies*: and wheicas the said lands
would be of 5:1 eat value, were they reclaimed ; and whereas
it is thought practicable to leekum said lands bv the con-
struction of a levee on the ea*t bank ot the Mietfi^ippi
river. 111 said date, to prevent their annual inundation:
Therefore, i
Resobed, That the Committee on Public Lands be in- 1
structed to inqune into the expediency of ceding to said !
State so much of said lands as mav be necessary to con-
struct ?ueh levee, provided the State of Mississippi will ap-
propriate a part of lier public lands for such purpose, each
appropriating according to the quantity owned by tUem re-
spectively.
Mr. EMBREE moved the following resolution,
which was read and laid over under the rule :
Resolwd, That the Piesident of the United States be re-
quited to funiifh to this House copies ot all con«*pondence
between the Secretary of War and Major General Scott,
and between the Secretary of War and Major General Tay-
lor, ftom the 1st of September. 1845, to the Wot December,
1847, winch has not been heietofore published, and which
may not be incompatible with the public interest.
Mr. HARMANSON moved the following reso-
lution, which was disagreed to:
suspends the preemption taw which is m that act; and if
bo, to take fcuch action, at as eaily a day as may be practi-
cable, to leenact the preemption Jaw. and to grant such
*aiv r t0 tfee Pre®nil}tl0npr': they may deem ncces-
On motion of Mr. LA SERE,
Re$oli cd, Tn.xt the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire info and report upon the neees-ity of cieethi"
Ji'iht-bouses at the following points on the coa>t of Alabama"
Mi-sis-ippi,and Louisiana, viz: One on Horn Island, one <m
►ship I«lM!id, one at the mouth ot Bayou Gi.ind Sable, due
north of the pier or landing for Mississippi city, one at the
mouth of the rivei Taiichipaho, and one on Proetot's Shell
Bank.
On motion of Mr. CUMMIN'S, i
Hc:oUc, 1, That the Committee of Claims be instructed to '
inquire into the )!is-M-e and expediency of causing to be paid !
to the officers and seamen who, in the vear 1804, volun- '
leered their services under Captain Stephen Decatur, to !
ree.ip'uie or de-ttoy the brnjPhiladelphia, then lvin  in the !
harbor of Tripoli, the value of said vessel, which w.i- bv 1
the commander of the squadron, pronnsed'to said officers I
and men as a rewaid tor their courage and enterprise, but I
wmehhas n^ver been paid to them. ;
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pension* I
be instructed to inquue into the just'ee and expediency of '
fhUb,nJ the nani0b tiie "urvivintr officers and seamen, and {
the widows of such as may have died, who, in tiie year 1804, f
volunteered under Captain Stephen Decatur to recapture or
destroy the brig Philadelphia, then lytnx in the harbor of
Tripoli, to be entered on the pension roll; and that said
committee report by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. CROWELL,
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of causing the sum
allowed for the removal and subsistence under tiie Cheiokee
treaty to be paid to such Cherokee* as weie not required,
tinder the provisions of those treaties, to remove west of the
Mississippi.
On motion of Mr. DICKINSON,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Tost
Roads be imtiucted to inquire into the p.\pedie;icy of estab-
lishing a mail route from Lovvei Sandusky, in Sandusky
county, Ohio, to Fort Clinton, in Ottawa county, 111 the same
State.
MrvGIDDINGS moved the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That a select committee of five members be ap-
pointed to inquire into and repoitto this House whether the
slave trade is earned on within the District of Columbia; if
so. bv what legal authority it is sustained; and whether any
modification of the existing acts of Congress on that subject
is expedient at this time.
Mr. GTDDINGS moved the previous question.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, moved to lay
the resolution on the table.
The question was decided in the negative: Ayes
81, noes 91.
Mr. COBB rose to a question of order. He
raised the point that it was not in order upon the
introduction of a resolution to move the previous
question, and thereby cut otf the House from its
consideration, when the rule of the House ex-
pressly provided that in the event of debate the
resolution goes over. He submitted it was con-
trary to the spirit of the rule, which, by providing
that in case of debate arising the resolution should
lie over, obviously contemplated that there would
be opportunity for debate if members wished.
The SPEAKER said, he could only state, as
he bad already stated several times during the ses-
sion, that, under the precedents which could be
read, to almost any extent from the Journal, he
was bound to decide that the previous question
might be moved, and if sustained, it would brinsr
the House to a direct vote. The question had
been raised again and again, and repeatedly during:
the present session had the pievious question been
moved and sustained bv the House under similar
circumstances. The Chair could only be govern-
ed bv that rule of parliamentary law which de-
clared that "instances make order." Tfan alter-
ation of the rules was desired, the Committee on
Rules and Orders could report an amendment to
the rules to meet the case.
Mr. COBB knew the Chair was correct with
reference to the precedents; but he thought the
practice had been erroneotw, and he wished a de-
cision on the subject by the House. With refer-
ence to forming n new rule, he thought there
might be some_difficuhy about the wording; of it.
Mr. SM1TT-), of Indiana. Has not the House
already decided at this session, upon appeal, that
the decision of the Chair is correct'
The SPEAKER replied, he believed there had
been such a decision.
: Mr. COBB said, he had no recollection of it.
: He had taken an appeal of this kind, but had
1: withdrawn it.
|l The SPEAKER read a precedent applicable to
!j this case, under date of August 5, 1846, and said
i there were repeated decisions of the same sort
| during the last session and previous sessions.
! The question, he said, was on the appeal taken
] by the gentleman from Georgia from the decision
| of the Chair.
:! ^r- BURT desired distinctly to understand the
question which had been raised by his friend from
: Georgia. [Mr. Cobb.] He understood the point
ii of order which lie made 
i' The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman that
j, the previous question having been moved, the ap-
j; peal was not debatable.
I1 The CHAIR stated the question. "When reso-
;j lutions are offered on Monday, undei the lules of
: the House, if they give rise to debate, they go
|| over to a succeeding day. The gentleman from
Ohio movea a resolution, and followed it immedi-
•j ately with a call for the previous question; and the
i, question before the House is, whether the call for
11 the previous question can cut off the operation of
the rule which requires that resolutions giving rise
to debate shall go over to a subsequent day. Un-
der_ repeated decisions of the House the Chair
decides that the previous question is in order: the
gentleman from Georgia appeals from the decision,
and the question before the House is on the ap-
peal.
The question, "Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House?" was taken
by tellers, and decided in the affirmative: Ayes
105, noes not counted.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The question on seconding the demand for the
previous question was then put, and the House
refused to second the said demand.
Mr. STEPHENS then rose, and stated his de-
sire to debate this resolution, and it was laid over.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, of Ohio,
Resolved. That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the cspedicncv of extending
the benefit or" the act of 7th June. granting pension.- to
surviving officers and -ohiuns of the 1 evolutional}* war who
served foi a period of le-s than six months, and that they
report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. CROWELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution of Mr. Stuaiit, of Michi-
gan, authorizing the Sergeant-at-Ai ins to employ
a clerk, was laid on the table. Decided by tellers:
Ayes 81, nays 67.
The vote being1 reconsidered, the resolution was
before the House.
Mr. FICKLIN stated his intention to debate the
resolution, and it was laid over under the rule.
Mr. COCKE moved the following resolution,
which was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary' of War be, and ho K hereby,
directed to transmit to the Ch-ik oftlih Hnu^ethe papers in
the cases of Joseph Gialiain and G 'or<re Kn k, applicants foi
p^n-ions under the act of June 7, and tuat they b-j in-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen>iuns.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee,
Reiolved, That the Committee 0,1 Military Aliaiis be in-
sinuated to inquire nit" the expediency ot providing a m.w
and complete tent foi the army, which *hall protect the men
from the watei and the weather, be easily and quickly pitched
and struck, and combine size, lurhtness, durability, and
strength, with compactness of packing and facility of trans-
portation.
Mr. BOYD moved the following resolution,
which was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That, upon the application of any member of
Connies*, it shail he the duty of the Commissioner of Pen-
sion^ to deliver the paper* 111 the case of any lejected appli-
cation for a pension upon said member receipting for the
same.
On motion of Mr. FRENCH,
Resolved, Thai the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Road^ be instructed to liiquue into the expediency oi estab-
lishing a uo-r route from Mo,in! Sterling. Kentucky, via the
Beaver Pond--, on Red River, and the E. tille Steam Furnace,
to Irvine, in Esulle county.
On motion of Mr. MOREHEAD,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Land* be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency and proprety of
pacing a law allowing the owner<of what are commonly
known a-s " Bowie claims" to land m the State of Arkansas,
to enier the same at the minimum price, and that they le-
port by bill or otherwise.
Mr. DDNCAN, of Kentucky, moved the follow-
ing resolution: which was read, and under a special
suspension of the rules of the House, and the opera-
tion of the previous question, agreed to:
Rcsohed, That the Piesident is lequo-sted, if consistent
with the public interest, to furnish thi-> IIou«e With a copy
of General Taylor'* answer to the letter dated January 27,
1S47, which was addressed to Geneial Tavior bv the Hon.
W. L. Matov. Secretary of War, and a copy of which was
communicated to this House on the 1st day of Match hut.
On motion of Mr, HARALSON,
Resolved, Tnat the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be m-tructed to inquire into the propriety of estah-
1-shing a post route from Guffin to Newnan, 111 the State of
Georgia.
On motion of Mr. LUMPKIN,
ResoZi ed, That the Committee on Military Affairs, he in-
structed to inquire into the propriety and expediencv of e*-
tabiis-hing a national foundry 111 Ca-s county. Georgia, at or
no ir the point wheie the Western and Atlantic Railroad
crosses the Etowah river, and report 10 this House b> bill or
otherwise.
On motion of Mr. KING, of Georgia,
Resolved, Tli.u Die Committee on the post Ofhoeatid Cost
Roads be in-triieted to inqune into the expediency of estab-
lishing a po=t loute from Alban\, in Baker count}", to Thorn-
asville, m Thomas county, and fio.n Harrington Ferrv, in
MrFntosh count),'to Ware-boro". \in Penda\er's Store, in
Wavue countv, and Aliabahan Creek, to U'aiesboro', in
Ware county, Georgia.
On motion of Mr. STEPHEN'S,
Resolved, That theComnuUce on the Post Office and Po*t
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency ot giving
the Postma-ter Geneial power by law to allow deputy post-
masters extra compensation in certain cases where extra
seivice-: are mulcted, pnd particularly the postma^tej at
Union Point, Georgia, and that they repoit by bill or other-
wise.
On motion of Mr. HOLMES, of South Caro-
lina,
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be m-
