270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 315
tion on newspaper po.^taire Aho^the petition of John Mc-
Dowell and 3.3 other citizen? of Scioto county, Ohio, pray-
ing Congress V) reduce the rate of postage ar lea^t one-half
on"nil newspapers containing not more than rive hundred
square mthe-.
By Mr. L OCKE : The petition of Georjje Kirk, of Greene
county, m the State ofToitne.-see, a soldier of the Re-volu-
tion, praying Conirrei.s to grant him a pension.
B> Mr. BlNGii AM : The petition oi T. Snow and others,
of Oakland county, Michigan, fui a change in the rates of
postage Also, the petition of citizens of Oakland county,
same State, tor a like piupose. Also, resolutions ot tiiu
State ot Michigan, and letter of J. i. Conger, in relation to
the harbor at Hie mourn of Clinton river, in said State.
By Mr. JOiLYSON, of New Hampshire: The petition of
Benjamin G. I'ieken?-, praying for an invalid pen-ion lor dis-
abilities incurred during his service in ihe United States
army. Al-o, the petition of B. Wright, a soldier of the late
wai witn Great Britain, a>kin^ a pension for disabilities in-
curred vvlule serving in the army of the United States.
By Mr. WENT WORTH: The petition of Chailes B. Col-
lins, foi arailioad across the American comment to trio Pa-
cific. Also, a petition foi a mail route from Wilmington, in
V\jU county, via Major, in Grundy co nt>,to ^oimac, in
Li\ mgstou c.>untv, Illinois. Ai-u, the petition of John Scno-
held. tor a pteemption i ight.
iiy Mr. DiCivLYsOX: The petition of A. F. Parker and
lt,0 Oihi rcm/en- or t-jancoeK county, Ohio, piajiug ioi tile
establi -hmeiit oi a mail route trom 'i nhu, iu Soiueacouiny,
Ohio, u e>t on the \ an Buren.indL'pendfiice, and ltnlg. vihe
lite tu'npiki'. to iJ.'tjanec. in Defiance counts, Ohio. Aho,
two petition-- fn;m Thomas F Johnson a net JL3 oilier eui-
zen? Of Crawford rminty, <Jhm, pr ivina lot a lfiiui tion ot
postage on jnv*r line neu^papoi * oi sniah d.meii-ions. Also,
the petition ot citizen oi Sdndu^k\ count), Ohio, ior tin?
same purpose. Also, the petition or citizeiia ot Crawjord
county, uhio, praung lor me ledueuon ot postage on now -
papeis generally.
By Vlr. McCijERNAXD: The petition ot John Tucker, ot
F<;utkh.i count}, Illinois, piaying Congress to pass a law
autuohzmg him to locate a land wan ant.
By^Vir. TVVLKDi': A memorial of the Legislative As-
sciubiy of tin IVrnt-u} of Wisconsin, pra\ mg tot an <tppro-
pnation lor t:.e er- riion ot a penitentuny la s.ud Territory—
heirtoiore presented December 17, Xc4j. Also, a memmial
fiom the  ,une body, prajiug foi the appreciation oi Eoit
Howaid to t!«e Terntoij of Wisconsin, tor euu^auoual put-
puses—heretofore presented April 3, lc?46.
Jly M,-. iiUD -OAi - The memoiia! oi Collins Stevens aiul
oti-tis, pi,nin/ that they may be protected against a toieign
infrHehon oi tiien patent.
Jiy Mr M<.CLELLA\'T): The memorial of Charles How-
ard ami otlu r cni/.eiis or Detroit, praying Con^re.s to extend
the p'ineipl. - of the laws legui.iUng uiaw n.ieks and ware-
houMiig to our lrad>* with Canaan, so that Canada wheat
may be unpolled into tnt' Mate- on the uoithein Irontiei,
admitted to enti\ under bond, he nianiitaelurcd mtofloui m
t!ie C'uled Stat"-, and upon tlie exportation or tne ti>>ur the
bonds maj be cancelled, under >ucu regulations as Congress
may pi< vjde.
By Mi. \\ iiiTE : The petition and papers of B. M Bon-
ton, asking foiupensatioii lor the u>e oi ins invention and
machine- m making percu-^ion cups used in tiie atinv ot
tfie United St.;re>.
By Mr. i KOWChL. Tiie petition of Edmund Ovt ilt and :
others.citizens of Truinhuil eourty, Onio, pitying the leuue- 1
tion ot postage one-haii on ah pap,-r.- comaming not inoie i
than live hundred square inches. Also, the petition Oi Dan. ■
E iton and othei citizens ot Youngstoun, Maaomng county. ,
Ohio, prajing Contire-s to issue ^150,000,000 of treasuiy t
notes tor a national currency.
Jiy \,r. El/WAilDS . The petition of Joseph Lmviiie and
o< citizens of Fairfield county, Ohio, asking an alteration ot
the post office laws relating to postage on new spapers.
B> Mr. L,-V SEoE: Tiie memorial ot the Chamber of
Commeice of New Orlean.-, prajmg that the hnnr-s and ;,u
ri-dution of tile ports of Shield-borough and Mississippi
City be extended so as to include the haibors of Cat island
and Siiip Idand and the adjacent waters.
IN SENATE.
Monjj at, January 31, 1848.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a mes&age from the President of the United Stated,
transmitted, in compliance with a resolution of the
the 20th January, asking whether the genetal order
No. 376 was issued under instructions fiom the
War Department, &c.
[The Secretary of War says that " no particu-
lar instructions have been given to General Scott
inr issuing the order referred to; but it is presumed
tJktt he has taken that step in consequence of the
£eneml instructions given to him on the subject of
levying contributions, and of making the resources
of the enemy's countiy available as far as may be
within the rules of civilized warfare, for the mam-
ttndiu e of oui troops in Mexico, and defraying the
expenses incident to the piesent state of hostili-
ties. "
The Secretary gives an extract from General
Scott's flcsji<itch dated the Ib'th September, 1S47,
whcicin the Coinifrinrlip^ General submits certain
sugrrestions to the Government, which are m effect
as follows:
Premising1 that he has no official information as
to the niiiiii'er of troops ordered since the march
of General Pierce's detachment, but assuming the
force tn route at (>500, and that 4.{100 more are
aioon to follow, the General-in-chief states that he
can hold the capital, garrisoned by 7,500 men,
| against any external attack or combined with an
i internal insurrection, and have an ample surplus
' force to occupy Puebla, Perote, Jalapa, the Na-
! tional Bridge, the Paso de Obejas, Santa Fe, and
! Vera Cruz.
| As a modification of this plan, it is added, that
j with a total of thirty thousand, the principal mi-
1 rung district of the country may also be occupied,
! and a secure transit given to gold and silver bul-
lion, which, paying the customary duties, would
cover a considerable part of the expenses of occu-
pation. General Scott further suggests, that to
; augment the army to fifty thousand, would enable
i it to occupy all the State capitals and principal
j cities, to drive guerrillas and robbing parties from
the great highways of trade, to seize into our
! hands all the revenues of the country, and to keep
the Central Government in constant motion and
I alarm until constrained to sue for peace,
j To withdraw the army from the interior of the
j country, and occupy the strong points within the
boundaries which the United States intend to
! hold permanently, and, in the act of retiring, to
sblow up the citadel in the capital, the fortresses of
i Chapultepec, Peiote, San Juan de Ulua, and the
■ walls ofVeia Cruz, (unless it be pieferred to gar-
i rison the last two,) destroy all iron guns captuied,
: and carry off all made of brass, with all ordnance
! stores of value, (the only cannon foundry in the
i Republic we have already destroyed,) and a strict
; blockade of the ports not garrisoned by our troops,
would of course be essential m the conquest oj a
peace.]
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of
War, in answer to a resolution of the 24th instant,
calling for copies of letters, reports, and other com-
munication? referred to in the letter of General
Taylor, dated at New Orleans, 20th July, 1845.
[This communication gives a number of letters ad-
diessed by General Taylor to the Adjutant Gen-
eral, some of which are headed confidential.]
Also, a message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, communicating a report of the Director
of the Mint, showing the operations of the mint
p and branches during the year 1847.
j j [From this document it appeals that there have
!■ been deposited, during the year 1847, at the mint
and its fiianches, ^23,009,603 m gold and silver;
jj while there have been coined, dunng the same
period, m gold, ^20,2:21,385; m silver, y2,374,450*
i total of gold, silver, and copper coin, ^22,657,-
671 69.]
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. NiLES presented a petition from citizens of
Windham, Connecticut, asking the reduction of
postage on newspapers of a small size; which was
refeired to the Committee on the Post Oifice and
Post Roads.
Mr. N. also presented a petition from citizens
of Middlesex, in the same State, relating to the
same subject; which was referred to the same
committee.
Mr. DIX presented a petition from Priscilla De-
catur Twiggs, widow of Major Levi Twiggs, who
fell at the stoimmg of Chapultepec, and mother of
Geoige Decatur Twiggs, who lell at the engage-
ment at the National Undge. She asks that some
provision may be made for her lelief and that of
her daughteis, leaving the principles upon which
it may be gtanted, and the extent and mode m
which it may be accomplished, to the wisdom and
jubtice of Congress; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. ATCHISON piesented seven memorials
from the General Assembly of Missouri: one
asking donations of public lands for the improve-
ment of the Osage river, which was leierred to the
Committee on Public Lands- A second, for the
organization of a Teintory irtst of Missouri;
which was referred to the Committee on Territo-
ries. [Tins memorial states that the territory lying
west of the State of Missouri, extending liom the
territory occupied by the C'herokees to the north-
ern line of the State, and west to the Plains, is
now occupied by some thirty thousand Indians.
If organized into a Territory, and opened to set-
tlement by the white man, it would m five years
rank m wealth and population among the first
States in the Union, in one county in the Platte
purchase, organized in 1839, with not moio than
twenty miles square in its limits, there is now a 1
population of fifteen thousand. How much more j
is that country worth to the Union than the entire
territories occupied by the Indians.] A third, ask-
ing that provision may be made to pay volunteers
full pay as mounted men during their term of ser-
vice; and if they have had the misfortune to lose
their horses, also pay for the horses thus lost, as
it was caused pnncipally by the lack of forage,
which should have been furnished by Government;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
| Affairs. A fourth, that the small claims to lands
j derived from the French and Spanish Govein-
j ments may be confirmed, and the final adjustment
; of all provided for; which was referred to the
| Committee on Foreign Relations. A fifth, asking
1 Congiess to donate to Missouri certain public
lands, for purposes of internal improvement; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
A sixth, against the repeal of thetaiiffof 1846 and
the repeal of the sub-treasury law; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance. Ase\enth,
requesting their Representatives to vote m accord-
ance with the 8th section of the act of Congress
" to authoiize the people of Missouri to form a
constitution and State government, and for the ad-
mission of such State into theJJnion on an equal
footing with the original States, and to prohibit
slavery in certain Territories;" which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. DAYTON presented a memorial from the
Newcastle Agricultural Society, asking the renewal
of a patent granted to Ooed Hussey, for a reap-
ing machine; which was referred to the Committee
on Patents.
Mr. CORWIN presented a petition from citi-
zens of Warren county, Ohio, a^ving a mail route
from Springsborough to Ridgeviile; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Po3t Roads.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented a petition from
James M. Kibben, asking the relinquishment of
certain reversionary interests of the United States
in certain reservations; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. H. also presented a petition from Isaac C.
Elston to the same purpose; which was referred
to the same committee.
Mr. BENTON presented a petition from John
Baldwin, asking that the United States will ray
such portions of the award made in his favor by
the Mexican Commission as ha\e not been paid;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
[Mr. B. explained the object of the memorialist,
stating the grounds on which he sought redress;
one of which was, that under the treaty of J643,
certain revenues were set apart by Mexico for the
payment of her indebtedness to the United States,
which revenues had been seized upon by the order
of the United States Government, and were now-
collected by the military and naval forces of the
nation.]
Mr. BERRIEN presented a memorial from the
Central Railroad and Banking Company of Geor-
gia, asking the remission of duties on certain rail-
road iron imported for the use of their railway;
which was referred to rhe Committee on Finance.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a joint resolution for the relief ofClements,
Bryan (fe Co.; which was read a first time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, fi :'om the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, reported a bill to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasuiy, with the
approbation of the Attorney Geneial, to purchase
for the United States the interest of Balie Peyton
in the tract of land upon which the hghr-house *
stands at the Southwest Pass, at the mouth of the
Mississippi liver, accompanied by a repoit; which
was read a fiist time.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, ^reported, without amendment, the bill to
create the office of surveyor general of the public
lands in the Territory of Oregon, and to grant do-
nation rights to settlers thereon, and for oilier pur-
poses.
Mr. BREESE also, from the same Committee,
asked to be discharged from the further considera-
tion of tiie resolution relating to the allowance of
compensation to such receivers of public money
as performed the duties of assistant treasurer,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. BALDWIN, from the Committee of Claims,
