1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271
reported a bill for the relief of William H. Pren-
tiss; which was read a first time.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill to authorize the accounting
officers of the Treasury to settle the accounts of
certain acting officers therein named; which was
read a first time.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole by unani-
mous consent, was read a second time, considered
as in Committee of the Whole, and read a third
time and passed.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee oil Revolu-
tionary Claims, made an adverse report on the
petition of Maria Caldwell Robertson.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Oificeand Post Roads, reported a bill in amendment
of an act entitled -"An act to reduce the rates of
postage, limit the use and restrict the abuse of the
franking privilege, and for the prevention of frauds
on the revenues of the Post Office Department,"
passed March 3, 1845; which was read a first
time.
[This hill allows the rates of commission authorized to be
paid to posima^ter> by the fir-t tion of th.it aet on the
amount of postage received m each quat ter, ami in due pro-
poition fm an\ pt nod less than a quarter. All postmasters
who-e commie-ions have been diminished by having bet-n
paid on the amount received in a yoai lmtead of a quaiter,
isluill be permitted to i cottle and ad]U t their accounts
aceoiding to (he first heetion of this act. And the Post-
master General is authorized to employ such additional
clerks as may be found neces-.aiy for the settlement of the
accounts of po<tma>teis under this* act.]
On motion of Mr. CLARICE, the prior orders
•were postponed, and the Senate proceeded to the
consideration of the bill further to extend the pat-
ent of Jethro Wood. The proviso introduced as
an amendment by Mr. Baldwin was then agreed
to, and the bill was lead a tlurd time and passed.
Mr. WiilSTCOTT moved to take up tiie bill to
provide for an additional number of examining
clerks in the Patent Office, and to allow fees in
certain cases.
The motion having been agreed to, Mr. Lewis
was about to move an amendment, when—
Mr. CREESE called for the reading of the bill;
but befoie it was read through, n\pved that the
further reading be dispensed with, and the bill
postponed until to-morrow, as it must be evi-
dent from wiiat they had heard that such a bill
could not pass without leading to considerable dis-
cussion.
The motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. SHVIEK asked the indulgence of the Sen-
ate for a few moments, in order to correct a mis-
representation of lemaiks made by him a tew days
since. He found an article in the ''National In-
telligencer" of Saturday last, under the imposing
caption, " A  qtusiUon of desired ten itory by force,
and not of n ht, boldly avowed as the principle of
the Administration," in which it was attempted to
show that he had affirmed such a principle. Now,
he hud never bioaehed such a doctrine. He had
never contended, he did not now contend, Unit any
power had a right to take territory to which it had
no claim, in the remaiks made by him, on which
the article in question aifected to be a commentary,
he had distinctly and explicitly maintained that the
claim to the right of navigating the Mississippi was
the ground on which the action of the Government
had been predicated, and that the chum on which
the act of jfcUU rested was the title which the Uni-
ted States Government believed they had by virtue
of the purchase of Louisiana. He did not, how-
ever, charge the " intclhgencer" with delibeiate
misi ^presentation, as the repoit of his remarks was
not quite correct, in justice to the reporter, it
was proper to add, that the report was submitted
to him, (Mr. S.;) but being engaged on committee
business at the time, he was hurried, and did not
notice the omission of a single word that obscuied
the sense. On the same occasion he had spoken
of the Pcidido as the eastern boundary, in the
report it was made southern boundary, and he de-
fied to correct that enor, lest the " Intelltgencei"
should perhaps make it the ground of assailing him
on the scoie of geographical knowledge.
THE TEN-REGIMENT BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration'of the bill
to wise, for a limited time, an additional military
force.
Mr. DOWNS. i hod no intention, Mr. Presi-
dent, when tins bill first came up in the Senate, to
say anything upon the subject. I thought, sir, that
our progress in this war with Mexico was such—
we having advanced to the interior of that country,
taken possession of its capital, and accomplished
everything, practically, that the army and the
President could have accomplished—that at the
meeting of this Congress, when it came together,
it would, in its deliberations upon this subject,
rather indicate what further steps should be taken
in the matter, and would occupy their time in
action rather than words. I had no expectation
whatever, when this bill was first introduced, that
its passage would be delayed, and that the meas-
ures recommended by the President would be
opposed.
t find, however, that I have been very much
mistaken. When it was proposed, for the first
time, to take up this bill, I happened not to be in
the Senate on that clay, and 1 believe it was the
only day in which I was absent since the com-
mencement of the session ; but, upon inquiring, I
found that opposition was made to such consider-
ation, and there was a very close vote as to
whether the bill should be taken up. I understood
from that fact, at that time, that some obstructions
would be thrown in the way of Us passage; but,
still, i did not anticipate that decided opposition to
the bill, which has since been manifested on the
other side of the Chamber.
Mr. President, as we have had so much discus-
sion, and so much difference of opinion as to the
origin of this war, and as, perhaps, we shall here-
after have a difference of opinion as to the question
by whom the opposition to the bill was com-
menced, I wish to place on record the history, as
i understand it, of this debate. In so doing, it
will be necessary for me to allude to the course of
certain Senators upon this all-important subject;
for in relation to the history of the action of the
Senate, m the debate on this bill, I do not, for one,
desire to have the question left in doubt as to who
commenced or protracted this war of discussion.
When the attempt was first made, sir, to call this
bill up for consideration, the objection, as I under-
stood from the ''Official Proceedings," to taking it
up was not one of direct opposition to the bill, but
simply whether it should be taken up or not at that
time. At all events, that appeared to be the light
in which it was regarded by the chairman of the
Military Committee.
We soon, however, came to another stage of
procedure in this matter. Some days after, when
the bill was again c.allcd up, an amendment was
oftered by the Senator from Kentucky, (Mr. Crit-
tenden,] to change the provisions, &c. Still I
did not understand that to be opposition to the
bill; for, if I understood the Senators remarks on
that subject, it was not denied that the President
should he properly sustained m the conduct of this
wa'i. And I am more continued in that opinion,
fiom an incident that occuired about that peiiod.
In some ptchmmary discussion at that time, I re-
collect very distinctly that the honorable Senator
from Kentucky seemed to be very much surprised
at an incidental remark that fell from the Senator
from Mississippi—viz: that the prosecution of the
war had been delayed, or procrastinated, by Con-
giess. 1 confess that 1 was very much of the
opinion of the Senator from Kentucky, and I
thought that the objection of the Senator from
Mississippi was not so well founded as lie affirmed
it to be. I supposed that there had been no serious
objection at the former session designed against
the particular measures recommended for the pros-
ecution of the war. I did not understand from the
amendment of the Senator from Kentucky that
such opposition was intended, but that there was
only some difference of opinion as to the details
of this particular measure. But, Mr. President,
we soon arrived at other stages of this business.
It was remarked the other day, by an honorable
Senator on the other-side, (I do not now recollect
which',) that the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, and those connected with him in
the support of tin* bill, weie making consider-
able progress"—that he had at first disclaimed all
idea of "the conquest of all Mexico, but that lie
now seemed to be disposed to regard it as not so
unreasonable, or so monstrous—that such an idea
might be tolerated—and that therefore he was
making some progress.
Now, I must say, in reply, that those who are
thus charging us with inconsistency, are changing
the position which they had assumed at the com-
mencement very rapidly. It is they who have
been making progress; but I must'be allowed to
say it is a progress backwards. From the time
when the bill was first proposed to the presentmo-
ment, they have manifested an increasing opposi-
tion to the prosecution of this war. Not only do
they find fault with the suggestions of the Presi-
dent of the United States, With the suggestions of
the War Department, with the reports of the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, and
with all the authorities usually allowed on,such
occasions, but they resist and contest them at every
point, and have denounced in the strongest terms
the prosecution of the war. That was the stage,
in the course of their procedure upon this subject,
marked out by the Senator from Delaware. But
they did not stop there. There was still another
stage. Where they will stop in their onward
caieer, I cannot say; for, soon after, another hon-
orable Senator (the Senator from Connecticut) of-
fered a resolution which took still higher ground:
in the first place, that Mexico had no public do-
main; and, secondly, if she had, she had no power
lo cede any of said territory to us; and, therefore,
our idea of acquiring territory for indemnity was
altogether futile. Such has been the progress of
the opposition to this bill; and I must confess, sir,
that every additional step that has been made has
but astonished me the more. These latter posi-
tions assumed by an honorable Senator have es-
pecially astonished me more than all the lest.
What are they? Why, that Mexico has no pub-
he domain, and that we can get nothing from her.
Well, sir, I will not stop to discuss that question,
for I care very little whether she has any public
domain or not, though I understand the fact very
differently. I understand that Mexico has a pub-
he domain. I think it very immaterial, and that
the acquisition of territory for the public land
it brings into the country is of no great advan-
tage. In regard to public lands generally, and in
respect particularly to the immense territory we
have held, I think they bring in but very little
income to the Government. 1 venture to say, that
on examination in respect to the value of the
public lands in this country, after deducting the
expenses of surveys, purchases, and the other ne-
cessary expenses, it would be found that it has
been by no means a money-'making business.
There are other advantages in the acquisition of
teiritory besides the mere value of the land. The
increase of population, of commerce, and conse-
quently of revenue resulting from such acquisition,
must be taken into account. Suppose we had
never received a dollar out of the immense territory
acquired by the acquisition of Louisiana, would
not the acquisition, considering the millions of
revenue received at New Orleans, have been a suf-
ficient inducement to its acquirement? I believe
Mexico has a public domain to cede; but whether
siie has or not, 1 do not care a straw. We want
the territory for the spiead of population, the in-
crease of our commerce, and the extension of our
liberties, just as we wanted Louisiana and the
valley of the Mississippi, Floridas, and Texas. I
shall not follow the Senator in his argument on
this point. He cited from a work on international
law, of which I profess to know but little. I shall
not, then, follow him in that quotation. But I
should think that such law as that which he cited
is at variance with the practice of all nations, con-
trary to common sense, and not to be tolerated in
this age of the world. How, I would ask, did we
acquire the very gtound on which this Capitol
stands? Tradition records, that the Indians once
lighted their council-fires on this very hill; would
the Senator then have it, that we have no title to
this, the site of our Capitol, and that the remnant
I of these Indians could at any time justly eject us
j from its possession ? But if the Senator's argu-
! ment should be correct, that Mexico has no power
I to cede territory, how will that help his cause? It
! will only make it the more necessary for U3 to take
i it, if she cannot cede it.
Such, then, sir, is the history of the opposition,
thus far, to this bill. Before I proceed further,
however, I will advert to an argument made by
the honorable Senator from Vermont, who last
addressed the Senate. In the conclusion of his
remarks, he complained of the exercise of what
he was pleased to term, an almost despotic mili-
tary power, in the hands of the President of the
United States in Mexico, and declaimed, at some
length, against the dangers of an abu*e of a mdi-
