272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 81.
tary authority. Cut does not this military power
continue to be exercised by the President, m the j
•very necessity of the case, and because that legal j
provision has not yet been made by which he i
would have been relieved of that responsibility ?
So far from being desirous to hold California and
New Mexico by military tenure, rather than by
the organization of civil government, the President
has been anxious to be relieved of that responsi-
bility, which the circumstances of the case have
devolved upon him, and the gentleman from "Ver-
mont can at any time contribute his share in the
removal of that much of the military power of the
President, by establishing civil or territorial gov-
ernment.
There is another preliminary remark which I
desire to make, and it is m reference to the aston-
ishing distrust manifested on the other side of the
Chamber, with respect to the recommendation of
the President, the Secretary of War, and the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs. I be-
lieve it has hitherto been generally considered,
that in cases where the honor and interest of the
country are involved in a controversy with a for-
eign Power, party spirit should be assuaged. And
I think the history of the country shows, that in
the highest party times, when such eases have
arisen, party spirit has subsided. It was so, I
recollect, some years ago, when the question of
the northeastern boundary was in agitation. Then,
nearly by unanimous consent—indeed, I believe it
was unanimous—means were placed at the dispo-
sal of the President to meet any contingency which
might arise. So it was also, I believe, at the com-
mencement of this war; but the spirit of party op-
position has gradually arisen, and every measure
suggested for ihe prosecution of the war is now
most scrupulously scrutinized.
I now proceed to give some of the grounds of
my vote upon this bill, in addition to tiie reasons
given for its passage by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and so eloquently sus-
tained by another member of the committee, (the
Senator "from Mississippi,) whose heroic and skill-
ful exploits in two of the most brilliant battles—
and I regret to say, also, as his own honorable
wounds but too clearly attest, the most bloody
battles of the war—Monterey and Buena Vista—
add a weight to whatever he says on this subject,
winch, it seems to me, ought to be conclusive.
I felt sure it would be so then, but I find I was
mistaken. His arguments have not been answered;
they never can or will be answered on this floor or
elsewhere. Still, opposition to the bill appears to
have constantly increased from that day to this.
My thanks, and the thanks of this body and of the
country, are due to the honorable Senator from Mis-
sissippi, [Col. Davis,] who is on the military com-
mittee, for what he said on the amendment offered
by the Senator from Kentucky. That amendment
seemed almost to have reduced the friends of this
bill to the necessity of undervaluing the efficiency
of volunteers, or to adopt the amendment. There
is a difference of opinion 011 this subject, both in the
army and elsewhere. The honorable Senator was
identified with both arms of the service, regulars
and volunteers, and could have no partiality for
either. Pew men occupy the same position in this
particular; he has said, therefore, all that is proper
or necessary on the occasion, and, I have no doubt,
satisfied both parties, that for the services contem-
plated regulars are to be preferred. While ex-
pressing, then, my thanks to that Senator, and my
full concurrence m all he said on the respective
merits of volunteers and regulars, giving preference
to neither in their appropriate sphere, but doing
ample credit to both, I take occasion to state a
fact, and an opinion of volunteers, I once heard
from a very distinguished officer of the regular
army in the war of 1812, now no more, and who,
like my friend from Mississippi, bore about him
wounds received on the battle-fields of his country,
nnd which, I believe, at last carried him prema-
turely to the grave—I mean the late General Rip-
ley. I thought the fact stated, and the opinion
given, a Imie extravagent. I now believe* them
both pcjf'e.-tiy tine. He said, that in all the annals
of American warfare, American volunteers, m any
thing like equal numbers, never had been beaten,
and never could n hde our present institutions ex-
isted. The batilc-fielJs of New Orleans, Buena ;
Vista, Cerro Gordo, Brazifo, Sacramento, and i
others, attest the truth of what he said. I
in the debates on this bill, there has beenv I !
think, some incorrectness in the statements of
those who oppose the bill, no doubt unintentional,
as to the force now authorized and required by the
Executive and the committee, calculated to lead to
error. It has been variously stated by different
speakers, from ninety to a hundred thousand men,
and the increase contemplated by the bill now
under consideration, and the bill for twenty regi-
ments of volunteers, as increasing the actual force
in service thirty thousand men. J do not so under-
stand it. As 1 understand it, from the reports of
the Adjutant General's office, the present forces
authorized are:
Regulars     30,350
Volunteers 32,816
Total authorized 
If we add to this the ten regiments contemplated
by this bill, we make the whole amount 73,166.
The force in actual service, from the last returns,
are:
Regulars        50,333
Volunteers   20,286
Volunteers from Michigan and Ala-
bama, on their way   2,200
Making, in all, in actual service... 42,719
From these statements, it will appear that the
number that can be kept in service, of those autho-
rized by Jaw, is about two-thirds. This calculation
will give for the actual force in service, after the
ten new regiments are added, about 48,925—say
fifty thousand men. And if the twenty additional
regiments of volunteers be added to the forces
previously authorized, the number that would be
actually kept in service, according to this mode of
calculation, would be 62,000. This bill, and the
bill authorizing the twenty regiments of volunteers,
does not, as has been represented, add thirty thou-
sand men to the number in actual service. They
do not necessarily add a single man to either arm
of the service; they only authorize the President
to do so, if he deems it necessary.
While on this branch of the subject, 1 desire to
make a few remarks in reply to the arguments
offered against the bill, and m favor of the amend-
ment submitted by the Senator from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Butler,] which is still pending. That
amendment proposes, instead of increasing the
number of the regiments, to add a certain number
of men to each company. I do not know much
about military afiairs, sir, but I confess that this
amendment struck me as rather extraordinary,
particularly when it was considered that the peace
establishment of the United States had been already
very much augmented in the manner proposed in
the amendment; and above all, after the remark-
able manifestations which the army had given of
its efficiency under the present organization. The
experiment of making that change in this or-
ganization appeared to me to be of doubtful
expediency, to say the least of it. A slight de-
parture, even from an established system which
has proved so eminently efficient, might be attend-
ed with danger. I do not say that there would
positively be danger in making the change pro-
posed by the amendment, but I prefer leaving the
organization of the army precisely as it is at pres-
ent. The Senator from South Carolina recom-
mends his amendment on the score of economy.
In some cases, great economy is the worst econo-
my. We cannot expect, when we go to war, that
we can prosecute it without expense. I perfectly
agree with gentlemen, who declare that when we
go to war, we must pay for it. We must tax the
people. I regard as one of the consequences of
this war, the necessity of imposing taxes to meet
the expenditures. I admit that at once, and am
ready to go as far as any reasonable man, m the
imposition of taxes, for the purpose of defraying
the expenses of this war. The expense 1 know
must be great, and for it we must provide. But
considerations of economy are not to enter into the
calculations of a people, when they find it necssary
to enter into a war. The great object of war is
success, and that is to be sought at any cost. We
are now engaged m war, and we must prosecute
it to a successful close. It is no time now to sit
down, and counting the cost, cut oil some of the
odds and ends. If economy is our object, why
not strike off half of the officers of the army ? If
we are to adopt this economical policy, why not
proceed to cut down all the officers ? I have no
fear as to our inability to meet the expenses of this
war. We have met them thus far, and we shall
be fully able to meet them hereafter. 1 cannot,
therefore, concur in the amendment of the Senator
from South Carolina.
In the course of the argument on that amend-
ment, something was said about the patronage of
the Executive, and in reference to that, I have a
few words to offer. 1 know that complaints have
been made with reference to the patronage dis-
posed of by the Executive in the appointment of
the principal officers of the army engaged in this
war. But I think, sir, that an attentive examina-
tion of the army list will furnish evidence of some
! justification for the conduct of the Executive. At
i the head of the list, there does seem to be a.
S considerable preponderance of Democratic names;
, but if you look further down, you will discover that
i the officers appointed by the Executives of those
! States in winch Whig influence prevails, have
; been selected from the ranks of that party. For
myself, I would never permit such distinctions of
i party to operate m the selection of officers for the
j armies of the country; and never, m any recom-
i mendations which I have made, have such dis
I tinctions been permitted to exercise the slightest
I influence. In the defence of the honor and inter-
I ests of the country, Whigs and Democrats alike
! have participated, and should fairly sliaie in the
j offices and emoluments of the army. If thePres-
h ident had acted m this matter in the exclusive
spirit that has been alleged against him, I should
ij have condemned him most emphatically. But
when I find that the spirit of exclusiveness in ap-
| pointments to office commenced on the other side,
! before the general staff was organized, I believe
that the President was not at all to blame in at-
i tempting to make something like a balance, by
II appointing a large number of Democrats.
|' Mr. MAKGrUM. if the honorable Senator will
fallow me, I would remark, in reference to my
!j own State, that such a couise as he describes was
" not adopted by the Executive of that State; and
■ j that a very meritorious and scientific gentleman of
the Democratic party received an appointment;
1 indeed, I believe that all the appointments were
made irrespective of party considerations. As the
,, Senator is aware, we had a Whig Executive in
that State. •
Mr. DOWNS. I am very glad that the honor-
able Senator interrupted me, because if m error, at
anytime, I shall always be happy to be corrected.
I recollect an instance in the gentleman's own
State, which sustains me in the position I have
: assumed with respect to these appointments of the
1 Executives of the States. 1 had the pleasure of
: being introduced, last summer, to a gentleman who
commanded one of the new regiments m the regu-
i lar army, (Colonel Wilson,) and ascertained the
fact, that although a man of wealth and standing
in the community, having volunteered when the
first call was made on the country, and been
elected to some subordinate office, yet, contrary to
general expectation, he did not receive from the
State Executive the command of one of the regi-
ments, and that, in consequence of the neglect, tne
President appointed him to the command of one
of the new regiments. But I regarded it as a very
i strong case in powit, and I had it in view when I
tl made the remark which elicited the interruption
of the honorable Senator.
j! Mr. MANGUM. The fart is as stated by the
! honorable Senator. Colonel,. Wilson was afterwads
1 appointed by the Executive here, and two strong
j letters from the Whig Senators of this body were
! written recommending him to the appointment.
I That was the spirit which, so far as I know, char-
acterized the public authorities of INorth Carolina.
I Mr. DOWNS. I have no knowledge of the
proceedings in A'orth Carolina except in tins in-
stance, winch, I confess, struck me as one of those
affording a justification of the coursc of the Piesi-
dent. 1 did not, however, intend to refer to a
particular case, but to speak geneially of the coursc
; which had been taken m making the appointments.
I do not pretend to go into all the instances occur-
i ring in the several States, but I speak of the genera!
result, and I believe that,upon investigation, it will
be found that a lar^e portion of the appointments
' of officers were made from the party which is op-
, posed to the President in their political views.
This, sir, 1 believe, has been the liberal course of
' the Executive on this subject.
Before I quit this part of the subject, there is one
other reason which I will state, why I rireler regu-
lar forces to volunteers. Their duties are very
