274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 31,
without at all pledging myself to accede to it. I
did not wish to extort terms from her, under du-
ress, at the mouth of the cannon. So far as regards
the indemnity due us, whatever be the amount,
I stated that I would insist on an adjustment of it,
allowing Mexico, simply, freedom in the conduct
of the negotiation—giving her the privilege of indi-
cating such boundaries as would be jnost favorable
to permanent peace between the two Republics.
I said nothing to authorize the extravagant propo-
sition of the Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. DOWNS. The gentleman, I hope, did not
understand me as saying he used those identical
words, " failing on our knees." That was amere
figure of speech. I did think, however, and still
think, that that was very much the meaning of the
language employed by the honorable Senator.
In the line of argument which I have marked
out for myself on this subject, I shall next pro-
ceed to consider the causes of the war. It is said
that the President made this war by ordering the
troops to the Rio Grande. I differ from this opin-
ion totally.
I believe the war could not have been avoided,
that it was the natural consequencc of the conduct
and the folly of the weak and imbecile Government
of Mexico.
If it were necessary to look for other causes of
the war than this conduct of Mexico, I could sug-
' gest another cause much more probable than that
of the conduct of the President.
* I believe it grew out of the obstinacy of the
Mexican Government, in insisting upon her claim
to the dominion of Texas, after all the principal
nations of the world had recognized her as an in-
dependent republic. But if I should look for other
causes than this at home, and if I should say that
it arose not alone from the perversity of Mexico,
but from the actions and opinions of certain per-
sons within the United States, I should be much
nearer the truth than by attributing it to any act of
the President or of General Taylor. It was more
owing to the position taken by certain persons in
this country. I allude to the announcement made,
in 1844, from a very high quarter, that the annex-
ation of Texas was a cause of war. Mr. Clay, in
his letter of 1844, says :
"I consider the annexation of Texas at this time, without
the assent of Mexico, compromising tMe national character,
and involving us ceitainly in war with Mexico and piobably
with other foreign Powers.'''
This cry has been kept up ever since, and is the
more likely to be the cause of the war than any
act of the President. • '
Now I do not say that this declaration was the !
cause of the war; very far from it; but if we are j
to attribute it to any cause arising within the coun-
try, this is the cause to which I would point.
There were peculiar circumstances which gave to
this declaration extraordinary weight with Mexico
at that time.
The very fact that two great Powers of Eu-
rope, England and France, interfered in a most
unusual and extraordinary manner to prevent an-
nexation, encouraged Mexico in the delusion that
she must make this a cause of war with us, and
that she would be sustained m it by the public
opinion, at least of those countries, if not the
civilized world. They, in addition to the feelings
of dread at our rapid encroachments in greatness,
commerce, and power, had peculiar reasons for.
opposing our policy on thi3 question.
it was natural that Mexico should adopt the
suggestions of the shrewd diplomatists of those
nations, and resolve to fight it out.
There was another reason also: the Oregon dis-
pute was then existing. Mexico, in this whole
affair, has been unfortunate. One of these misfor-
tunes is, that this Oregon question existed at the
time Mr. Slidell was sent as our minister. There
is every probability he would have been received,
and the dispute settled, if Mexico could have fore-
seen what occurred a few months afterwards; if it
had not been for the idea that we were likely to be
involved in war with England on account of the
Oregon question, she would have listened to rea-
sonable terms, and the controversy would have
been settled in 1845. I think, then, that those
who impute this war to the President of the
United States, or to General Taylor's march to
Rio Grande, should be very cautious how they
use such a weapon.
I do not know what are the intentions or pur-
poses of gentlemen on the other side in this matter,
but I have a right to guess; and though I cannot
divine their purposes, as they keep so close on the
subject, if they do intend, by the position which
they assumed here, to fight the battle of annexa-
tion over again, I shall not shrink from the con-
test, though I did think that that question had
been settled, and the people believed that it had
been settled. It was a question about which we
differed, and which we fought manfully. One
party prevailed; and I, for one, was willing to let
the question rest forever. But if you throw down
a gauntlet, I will not hesitate to take it up.
While on the subject of the opinions of distin-
guished men, I wish to refer to another opinion.
I allude, sir, to Mr. Gallatin and his pamphlet on
the Mexican war. He says, too, that annexation
was actual war. I cannot view that document in
the same light I do the speech or letter of the dis-
tinguished statesman of Kentucky. I may be
wrong in this, but so it is, I differ in opinion
equally from them both; but while I listen with
respect and attention to one of them, the great
Kentuckian, I cannot read the lucubrations of the
other without indignation. And this feeling is not
because I undervalue the admonitions of the aged,
as the young are too apt to do; I am myself old
enough to have got over that weakness, if 1 ever
had it. I listened not long since in this body, not
only with respect and attention, but almost with
filial reverence, to opinions and arguments of a dis-
tinguished Senator, [Mr Calhocx,] to not one of
which scarcely could I brmg my mind to assent.
I shall listen, whenever they speak, to other (Mr.
D. here looked towards Messrs. Bexton- and
Webster) distinguished Senators with like feel-
ings. I feel, sir, and I believe that the people of
the United States feel, that such men as I have just
alluded to, have a right to speak, and ought to be
listened to with profound respect on questions of
i national honor and of foreign war. They were
j born in this land, and have grown up with this
1 country; they have done the state some service;
, their history, for almost half a century, is their
} country's history—
j "The page of her story is filled with their names !,J
| American genius has been appreciated, and Amer-
ican eloquence admitted and illustrated by them,
j Yes, sir, to such men, on ail subjects, I will listen
, with respect, however I may differ with them.
Is"ot so, sir, with him who comes from other lands
, —fir.st breathed other than American air—once
i owed allegiance to another Powei—has another
( native home, and attachments, and feelings, and
! prejudices, and opinions, and sympathies, more or
| less influenced, as they must be, by recollections
I of that native, home. He school Americans in
; American honor and national decorum! No, sir;
j every impulse of my heart tells me no, and com-
j pels me to say it; I cannot and will not resist it.
j Doubtless we have committed errors in our foreign
policy, we may commit others; we should be more
] than human if we did not. But such as, I believe,
• it ever has been, under all parties, through all the
i vicissitudes of the most eventful period in the
i world's history for seventy-two years, so I hope
! and believe it will continue, long after we have
j passed away, and when even these solid walls, that
! have outlived the flames of one foreign war, shall
! moulder to decay and fall in ruins—American in
; origin—the inspiration of American mind, sustain-
| ed by American arms and hearts, but uninfluenced
' by anything that is not indigenous to our soil—
foreign governments, foreign presses, foreign bav-
onets, foreign opinions of any, whether domicili-
ated at home or abroad, or anything else foreign.
! Yes, sir; right or wrong, successful or unsuccess-
! ful, Whigor Democratic, I want it to be American,
; all American, and nothing but American.
i Let it not be said I am a Native American, and
| decry foreigners, and would deprive them of all
I power. Far from it! I have always taken an
j opposite course in all my public life on this sub-
i ject; nor have I changed my opinion in the least. I
: stand now where I ever have on this subject, where
I stood in the legislative halls of my own State when
this subject was agitated in 1839, and where, on a
still more memorable occasion, m the Louisiana
Convention, 1844-'45, when a strong attempt
was made, principally by those opposed to my
party in politics, to disfranchise, in some degree,
foreigners. In one of the most protracted and an-
imated debates that I believe has ever occurred in
America on the subject, I so effectually, with other
Democratic friends, sustained the rights of our
adopted citizens, that a meeting of the naturalized
citizens of New Orleans voted medals to some half
a dozen of us, at the head of which was our elo-
quent leader on the occasion, my good friend Ber-
nard Marigny, who, though born in a land then
foreign, has, without changing his allegiance or
the ties of his native home, become an American
citizen by the process of annexation; and as good
a one as ever lived in it. Yes, sir, give them al-
most all rights, as the Federal Constitution has;
but I would lequest only, that on questions of na-
tional honor and foreign war, they should not at
least speak first and loudest, if they speak at all.
I now come to another branch of the subject,
viz: the position assumed by Senators on the
other side, that the President of the United States
was the cause of the war; that he brought it on by
the ordering the removal of the troops'to the Rio
Grande. I disagree totally from this opinion. My
opinion is, that if this war was brought on by any
cause within the control of this Government, it
was produced by other hands than those of the
President of the United States.
And I think an examination of the facts con-
nected with the history of the matter will convince
every impartial mind of its truth. Whether an-
nexation was a declaration of war or not, Mexico
considered it so, and made war accordingly; and
the President had no option—he did not make it.
Here are the facts on this point: Under date of
August 23, 1843, the Mexican Minister of Foreign
Relations, in the name of his Government, ad-
dressed to our minister in Mexico the following
language:
" The Mexican Government will consider equivalent to a
declaration of war against the Mexican Republic the passage
of an act for the incoiporation of Texas with tha tei ntory of
the United States, the certainty of ike fad being sufnei'-nt for
the i>roclamatiofi of uar, Iea\in? to the civilized world to-
determine with regard to the notice of t!ic can^e of the
Mexican nation in a struggle which it ha-  been so far from
provoking."
On the 12th of June, 1844, just two months after
the signature by Mr. Calhoun of the treaty for the
annexation of Texas, Santa Anna, then the Presi-
dent of Mexico, announced to the Government of
the United States, " that Mexico was resolved
as;ain to undertake vigorously the campaign against
Texas, for which she held in readiness a large
army," and further expressed the determination of
Mexico upon the point, as follows :
That in no mnnnci will she consent to di-*mpmb«n her
territory—lather will sin* cam* the war fn any extreme which
may be necessary to su-tain her lights; and that a-- nations
do not die, the "right of reconquering that tfrritory
shai-l remain to our chilbrrn and ocr grand-chil-
bri:n; that this was the opinion of the Government
and of the mexicans."
Santa Anna followed up this declaration by issu-
ing in the same month (June, 1844) a requisition
for thirty thousand men, and $4,000,000, to u carry *
on the war against Texas." Generals C&nalizo
and Woll were placed in command of the force
raised upon this requisition, and having advanced
to Mier, on the Texan frontier, Woll, at the Lead
of his invading army, put forth a general order
under date of June 20, 1844, menacing " every in-
dividual within one league of the left bank of the
Rio del Norte with the traitor's doom."
Mr. Bocanegra, then the Mexican Minister of
Foreign Relations, styled the act of Congress pro-
viding for annexation, in his circular letter to the
various European ministers then resident m Mex-
ico, under date of IVJay 31,1841, "a declaration of
war between the two nations."
On the 6th of March, 1845, the Mexican minis-
ter protested against the act of annexation, and
demanded his passports. Our minister in Mexico
was refused all intercourse with that Government,
and was told, on the '2d of April, by the Mexican
Minister of Foreign AtFaiis—
'•Th.it the Government oOf.-xico cannot continue diplo-
matic relation*- with the United State? upon the presumption
that^uch relation* are reeuneiiahie with the law which the
Pie<ident of the Tinted Ptnt"*- lta<« approved in regard to the
annexation of the depaitment of Texas to the American
Union; that this determination is founded upon the neces-
sity which Mexico i? under of maintaining no friendship
with a republic which has violated her obligations, usurped
a portion of territory which belongs to Mexico by a right
which she will maintain at \\ hruevcr co?t."
On the 4th of June, ]y45, President Herrera
issued a proclamation, announcing the intention of
Mexico to resist by arms the annexation of Texas,
and affirming—
" That the law ot the United States in reference to the
annexation ot Texas to the United States, does m nowi«e
destroy the rights that Mexico has, and will enforce, upon
that department.'*
