1848.
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
Affixed to this proclamation, and published with
it, were two decrees of the Mexican Congress—
one setting forth that " the Mexican nation calls
upon all her children to the defence of her national
independence;5' and the other announcing that the
Government would' " call to arms all the forces
of the army, according to the authority granted to
it by existing laws."
On the 24th of April, 1846, Paredes issued a
manifesto, expressing the determination in regard
to the annexation which his Government had taken
immediately upon its accession to power in the
beginning of that year, and while General Taylor
was still at Corpus Christi. In this manifesto,
Paredes says:
"On resuming, in the be^vmxin% of the year, the heavy
responsibility of guiding the destinies of the nation duiing
a slioit paiiod, I determined resolutely to change its
j?olicy from ti1e weak and pernicious system of tem-
porizing, which has been observed with toward to the United
States of America, notwithstanding the peifidy with which
that Governqnent prepared fjr the occupation of Texas,
its treacherous violation of the existing h eaties u hick guaran-
tied the limits of the Republic, and the insidious act by
which it incorporated on'e of our departments with
jts own Confederacy.
<l The old grievances, the offences against the Mexican na-
tion, which have been uices>antly lepeated since 16J6, had
been consummated by the insult of sending us a min-
ister,/© be acaedited near our Government in the character
of a residing minister, as if the relations between the
two republics had not suffered any disturbance by
the definite act of ti1e annexation of texas. At the
very time when mr. seidell appfarfd, the troops of
The United States were occupying our territory."
In this same manifesto, issued on the 24th of
April, 1846, and professing to state his policy and
the grounds of it, ever since he assumed power in
the beginning of the year, he further tells us, that
at that time he " had sent orders to the general-in-
chiefof the division of our northern frontier, to act
in hostility against the army which is in hostility
against us," &c.
On the 4th of October, 1845, Geneuil Taylor
advised the march to the Rio Grande, in these
words :
"For these reasons, our position thug far has, I think,
been the best possible; but, now that the emite force will
«oon be concentrated, it may well be a question whether
the views oi' Government will be best earned out by out
remaining at this point, it is with gieat deference that I
make any suggestions on topics which may become matter
-of delicate negotiation ; but it' our Government, in settling
the question of boundaiy, makes the hue of the Itio Grande
an ultimatum, I cannot doubt that the settlement will be
greatly facilitated and hastened by our taking possession at
■once of one or two suitable points on or finite near the river
Our strength and *tate of preparation should be displayed
in a manner not to be mistaken. Uuwover salutary may he
the effect pioduoed upon the border peopte by our presence
here, wo are too far trom the frontier to impress the Govern-
ment ol Mexico with our readiness to vindicate, by force of
anna, if neee^aiy, our title to the countiy a> t.u n.s tin' Km
Giande, The 'iiimj of occupation' will, in a lew dsiys, be
ooneentiated ;it this point, in condition tor vigorous and
•efficient semce. Mexico having as jet made no po-itive
declaration ol war, or committed auyoveit act of ho.sUlitic^,
X do not feel at liberty, under nij institiclion-, partieulaily
tho-.o of July to make a forvv.od movement to the Rto
Grande without authonty fmni the W.u Depai tuicnt.
"In ea^e a forward movement should b.  oidercd or au-
thorized, 1 would recommend iheoecupahon ot Point Isabel
and Laredo as beat adapted to the puipose?, of ohsoiving the
course of the river and eoveiing the frontier settlements of
Texas."
On the 13th of January, 1846, orders were is-
sued in conformity with this suggestion, but care-
fully guarding against war, in these words:
" war dkpaktmrnr?
" Wa kiiigton, January l.'J, 18-I6.
" Sir : T am directed by tho President to instruct you to
advance and occupy, with the tioop> tnulei v tir command,
pOMtions on or near the east bank of the Rio del Norte, as
soon as it can be conveniently done, with reference to the
sea*.on and the routes by whieh jour movement* mn,-t be
made. Fiom the view* heietofoic presented to this depart-
ment, it i<* presumed Point Isabel wilt be considered by vou
an eligible position. This point, oi s-miu: one near it, and
points opposite Matamoio^ and Miei, arid in the vicinity of
Laredo, are suggested for yom consideration ; but you are
Ie;t to yom better knowledge to determine the post or posts
which you are to occupy, a-* u ell as the question of dividing
your foices with a view to occupungtwoor more positions.
" In the positions you may take in earmng out these in-
structions and other movements that may be made, the u^e
of the Del Norte may be very convenient, if not noce«saiy.
Should you attempt, to exercise the light which the United
State- have in common with Mexico to the ftee navigation
of thi< uver, it i* piobahle that Mexico would inteipose re-
sistance. You w ill not attempt to enforce tins light without
•turthei jn-uiuetions.
" It i~ not d>i_'tn-d. in our present relations with Mexico,
that j on vhou'd treat het a* an cnem\ ; but, should she as-
sume that thaiac-tei by a declarat'ou of war, or any open net
of hostility toward-; us you will not act merely on the defen-
sive, if youi iclative means enable jou to do otherwise "
These orders were received on the 4th of Feb-
ruary, 1846, and were executed according1 to their
spirit, as the despatch of 16th February shows:
" I have taken occasion to represent to some citizens of
Matamoros, wlio weie here with a laige numbei ot mules
for sale, and who are lepresented to have considerable in-
fluence'at home, that the United States Government, m oc-
cupying the Kio Grande, has no motive of hostility towards
Mexico, and that the army will, in no case, go beyond the
river, unless hostilities should he commenced by the Mexi-
cans themselves; that the Mexicans living on this side will
not be disturbed in any way by the troops; that they will be
protected in all their rights and usages; and thateveiythmg
which the army may need will be purchased from them at
fan prices. I dl&o stated, that until the matter should be
finally adjusted between the two Government^, the harbor
of Brazos Santiago would be open to the free use of the
Mexicans as heretofore. The same views were impressed
upon the Mexican custom-house officer at Brazos Santiago,
by Captain Hardee, who commanded the escort which cov-
ered the reconnoissance of Padre Island."
On the 11th March, the army marched from
Corpus Christi; and on the 24th, General Taylor,
with a part of his command, arrived at Point
Isabel; and on the 28th, he arrived with the mam
body on the bank of the Rio Grande opposite
Matamoros. Ileie I will read from the minutes
of the interview between Generals Worth and La
Vega on the same day, showing his refusal to
allow him communication with our consul:
"Gen. Worth—Is the American consul in arrest, or in
piison?
Gen. La I'ega.—No.
Ocn. Worth.—Is lie now in the exercise of his propei
functions?
Gen. La Fega, after apparently consulting with the Licen-
ciado Casares for a moment, replied that he was.
Gen Worth.—Then, as an American officer, m the name
of my Government and my commanding general, I demand
an int'uview with the consul of my country.
(No reply.)
Gen. Worth.—Has Mexico declared war against the Uni-
ted States ?
Gen. La Vega.—No.
Gen. W01 th"—Aie the two countiies still at peace?
Gen. La Ve«a —Ves.
Gen Woith.—Then I again demand an interview with
the consul of my Government, in Mntnmoro-*, in the pi esoncc,
of couis-e, of these iretitlemen, or anv oiher that the com-
manding general in Matamoios maybe pleased to designate
Geneial La Vega reiterated that the consul was hi the
proper exercise of his functions; that he was not in arieet,
nor weie anv other Americans in ai rest at Mahunoios; that
he would submit the demand to General Mejia, adding that
he thought there would be great difficulty.
This demand was repeatedly made m the most emphatic
manner, and a reply requested; General La Vega stating the
consul continued in the excise of his functions, and'that
General Worth's demand would be submitted to General
Me.pa.
No reply having been received from General La Vega
lelative to the demand for an interview with the American
consul, the question was again introduced by General
Worth, anil the demand for the last time reiterated.
General La Vega then promptly refused to comply with
the demand, replying, without waiting for the interpreta-
tion, "No, no."
Gen. Worth.—I have now to state that a refusal of my
demand to seethe American consul is retiaid^d a-- a be!inher-
ent act; and, in conclusion, I have to add. the conintnnditm
gi-ii'Mal of the Anteiican foices on the left bank of the u\ <>i
win H-g.int the p i^s,n r' of am armed paify of Me\i< ,,n- in
hostile au:n across the Rio Grande as an act of wat, and
pui"lie it aeeoiduigiy "
General AtHmuha arrived at Matamoros on the
11th April, and on the 12th addressed this letter to
General Taylor," by explicit and definitive orders,
from my [his] Government:"
"Your Govet nmejit, in an incredible manner—you will even
pei mit mc to sav an t xtravacant one, if the u«age oi geneial
rules established and received among all civilized nation^
arc regarded—has- not only insulted, but has exaspeiated the
Mexican nation, beanng its conquering banner to the left
bank of the Rio Bravo del Noite ; and in this ease, by ex-
plicit and definite orders of my Government, which neither
can, will, nor should receive new outrages, I leqtnre you,
in all fotin, ami at latent in the percmptoiy term of twenty-
fom hours, to break up vour camp and retire to the other
bank of the Nueces tiver, while our Governments aie regu-
lating the pending question m relation to Te\a«. If',ou
in«wt in remaining upon the soil of the department of Tanj-
aulipas, it Will cleatIv lesult that aims, and arms alone,
must decide the question; and-in that case, I advise you
that we accept the wor to which, with so much injustice on
vour part, vou provoke us. and that, on our pait, this war
shall be conducted conformably to the pnnciples established
by the mo«t civilized nations; that is- to sav, that the law of
nations and of war shall be the irnide of my oppration^,
trusting th?'t on vour pat t the same will be observed.
"With this view, 1 tender vou the considerations due to
jou*' person and respectable office.
" God and Liberty !
Headquarters at Matamoros,
2 o'clock, p. m.. 12, 1840.
"PEDRO D'AMPUDIA.
" Senor General-in-Chief of the
United States Army, Don Z.Taylor."
General Taylor's Jlnsicer.
cc IIeadqu vrters, Army or Occupation, )
Camp near Matamoros, Texas, Jipril 12, 1843. ^
" Penor- I have had the honor to receive your note of
this date, m which you summon mc to withdraw the forces
under my command from their present position, and bc\ ond
the liver Nueces, until the pending questions between our
Governments, ielaiive to the limits ofTexas. shall be settled.
1 need hardly advise you, tbat, charged as' I am, in only a
military capacity, with the performance of specific duties,
1 cannot enter into a discussion of the international ques-
tion involved in the advance of the American"army,
" The instructions under winch I am acting will not per-
mit me to retrograde from the position I now occupy. In
view of the relations between our respective Governments,
and the individual suffering which may result, I regret the
alternative which you offei; but, at the same time, wish it
understood that I shall bj no means avoid such alternative,
h aving the responsibility with those who rashly commence
hostilities.
" Benoi General D. Pedro de Ampudi^"
On the 15th of that month, considering1 this an
act of war, General Taylor blockaded the mouth
of the Rio Grande. This is his report:
"In mv la*t despatch I advised you, that on receipt of
Geneial Arnpudia's summons to fall back trom my position,
I ordered a blockade of the mouth ot the Rio Giande, deem-
ing this measuie perfectly piopcr under the ciicumstances,
and. at the iarac time, the most efficient means of letting
the Mexican commander undeistarid that tins state of quasi
war was not to bo inteipreted to ins advantage only, while
we leaned the inconveniences attending it. On the 17th
instant, puisuant to mj instructions, Lieutenant Eenshaw,
of the navy, warned off two American schooners about to
enter the river with provisions. Yesterday, 1 received from
Geneial Ampudia a communication on the subject, a trans-
lation of which, and ray reply, are herewith tiansrnitted. I
trust that my cours-e in this matter will ine^t the approval
of the depaitment. It will, «it any late, compel the Mexi-
cans to withdraw their army fiom JVlatamoios, where it
cannot be subsisted, or to assume the offensive on this side
ot the river."
Jlmpudia's reply.
" Division or thl Nortii, Se<ond General in Chief.
"From various soutoe^ worthy of confidence, I have
learned that -ome vessels, bound tor the month of the nver,
have not been able to erb'C t an entrance into that port, in
consequence of jour oid.M^ thnt, they should be conducted
to Bia/o-i Santiago. The ciulo of one of them is com-
posed in great part, and of the othei ei tirely, of piovisions,
which the contractor, < harmed with p'ovidmg for the army
under mv orders had prucuicd, to tultll the obligations of
then contract*. Vou have taken poj«se>sion of these piovis-
jon- by tot c\ and against the will oi the proprietor", one of
whom is vice consul ot her Catholic Majesty, and the other
of her llritanuie Majesty; and whose ughi^, in place of
being religiously res-ptcted, as> was proflered, and as was
to be hoped iiom the ob«eivance of the punciples which
govern among civilized nations, have, on the contraiy, been
violated in the njost extraordinary maimer, opposed to the
guarantee and ie>pect due to private piopeity." •
On the 16th of April, General Ampudia recog-
nized a state of war, in his letter concerning Colgnel
Cross, in these terms:
" In reply to your note which I received yesterday, I have
the honor to state, that if Colonel Cross, Quartetma ter
General of the forces under your command, had been lound
at any of the military posts under my orders, his lot would
have been that ot a prisoner of war, treated with the con-
sideration due his iank, and aceoidmg to the rules prescrib-
ed by the law of nations and of war, well considered in his
siuuation as a prisoner."
On the 24th of April, General Arista anived,
assumed the command, and notified General Tay-
lor of the existence of war; and on the same day,
giving the word and the blow at the same time,
Captain Thornton ond his command weie at-
tacked and defeated, as the following despatch
will show:
" ii tadqt'ar i'lcrs, army of occupation, )
''CV(mji near Mi't^Tii-oios, , .dpiil 20, 1810. )
"Sir* f have repentfiiSlv to repoit, that Geneial Arista
arrived m Matamoros on the 24th instant, and assumed the
chief command of the Mexican troops. "On the same day
he addressed me a communication, conceived in couitcoue
terms, but saying that he consideied hostilities commenced,
and should pros-ecute them. A translation of his note and a
copv of my reply will be tiansmitted the moment they can
be prepared. 1 despatch this by an evpiess which is now
waiting.
{(i j-egret to tepoit that a party of dragoons, sent out by me
on the 94th in taut to watch the course of the river above
on this bank, became engaged with a veiy large force of the
enemy, and alter a short affair, m which some hi\tcen were
kilhd and wounded, appear to have been s>uiiounded, and
compelled to sui >ond"r. Not one of the party ha j i eturned,
except a wounded man, sent in this morning by the Mexi-
can commander, >-o that T cannot repoit with confidence the
particular ot the engagement, or the fate of the officers,
except (hat Captain Ihudee was known to he a prisoner,
and unhmt. Captain Thornton and Lieutenants Mason and
Ka-ie were the other officers. The paity was sixty-three
strong.''
Next comes General Taylor's letter to Ampu-
dia, of the S2d of April, explaining- his course up
to this time.
" On breaking up my camp at Corpus Christi, and moving
fonvaid with the annv under my otders to occupy the left
bank oi the Rio Kravo. it was my earnest desire to execute
my insfmetionrf in a pacific manner; to observe the utmost
rega'd for the peisonal rights of ail citizens residing on the
Sett bank of the river, and to take care that the rehgion and
customs of the people should sufit-r no violation VVith this
view, and to quiet the minds of the inhabitants, I issued
oi deis to the army, enjoining a strict ob-ei vance oi tue rights
and interests of all Mexicans residing on the liver, and
caused said order- to be translated into and circu-
lated m the several towns on the Bravo. These outers an-
nounced the ,spirit in which we pioposed1 to occupy the
country, and I am proud to fay that up to this moment the
same spirit has controlled the" operations of the army. 0u
