276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1,
reaching the Airovo Colorado, r was informed by a Mexican j
officer that the order in quettion had been received at Mata-
moro*; hut was told at the same Pmc that if I attempted to !
eross the river, it would be regarded as adeclaiation of
war. A?din, on my maich to Fiontone I was met by a
deputation of the evil aiuhonties, of Matanioros, profe&tingj
against mv occupation of a portion of the territory of Tamau-
lipas, and declaring that if the army was not at once with-
drawn, war would result. While this communication was
>n my hand's, u wa-i discovered that the village of Frontono
had been set on fire and abandoned. I viewed this as a
direct act of war, and informed tlie deputation that their
communication would be answered by me when opposite
Matamoros, which was done in re>peetful terms. Or. reach-
ing the river, I despatched an officer, high in rank, to convey
to the commanding general in Matamoros the expression of
my desire for a^meuble relations, and my willingness to leave
open to the use of the citizens of Matamoros the port of
Brazos Santiago, until the question of boundary should be
definitively settled. This ollieei leceivcd for lepiv, from
the officer selected to confer with him, that my advance to
the Rio Bravo was considered as a veritable act of war; and
he was absolutelv refused an interview with the American
consul, in itself an act incompatible with a state of peace.
Notwithstanding these repeated a^urenee*? on the part of
the Mexican authorities, and notwithstanding the mo.^t obvi-
ously hostile preparation's on the light bank or the river,
accompanied b\ a rigid non-n.tereonrse, Ieaiefully abstained
from any act of ho-tility—-determined ttiat the ontr- of pro-
ducing an actual r-tau o< hostilities should not rest with me.
Our relations leninmed in this state until f had the honor to
receive your note of the l-2fh mutant, in which vou denounce
war as the alternative of my remaming in thi*'portion. As
1 could not, under my inductions recede from my position,
J accepted the alternative jou offered, and made nil my
dispositions to meet it suitably. But, -still willing to adop'f
milder measures before proceeding to others, f contented
myself, in the fir-t instance, wi h oidering a blockade of the
mbuihof the Rio Bravo by the naval foices under my ordeis
—a proceeding perfectly consonant with the state of wai so
often declared to exist, and which you acknowledge in voui
note of the 16th instant, relative to the late Colonel Cross.
If this measure seem oppre-sive, I wish it borne in mind
that it has been forced upon me by the course you have
seen fit to adopt. I have reported this blockade to my Gov-
ernment, and shall not remove it until I reecivc instructions
to '■hat effect, unless, indeed, >ou desne an armistice, pend-
ing the final settlement of the question between the Govern-
ments, or until war shall be formally declared bj either; in
which ca?e, I will cheerfully open the river In iegaid to
the consequences you mention as resultingfroin a refusal to
remove the blockade, I beg jou to understand that 1 am
prepared for them, he thoy what thev may.
" fn conclusion, I take leave to state, (hat I consider the
tone of your communication hiirhlv exceptionable, where
you stigmatize the movement of the aimy under mv ordeis
as'maiked with ihe spj! of umveisai repiobation".' You
must be aware that *uch language i* not respectful in u-elf.
either to me or mv Government; ind while I ob-eive in my
own coirespondenee the courte-vdue to \our high position,
and to the magnitude of the inferesis with wiii'-h we are .
respectively charged, I <hall expect the same m return."
No volunteeis were called for except two com-
panies fiom Texas until the Sfith of April, though 1
full authority had already been given for the same, j
See despatch of that day: j
" Hostilities may now be con^ideied as commenced, and |
I have this day deemed it neeessaiy to call upon the Gov- [
ernor of Texas for four regiments of volunteers, two to be j
mounted and two to serve as foot. As joinc delay Must '
occur in collecting these troop?, 1 have also desired the i;
Governor of Louisiana to send out four regiment* of infant- Sj
ry as soon as practicable. This wiU constitute an auxiliary j;
force of nearly five thousand men, which will be required to h
prosccute the war with energy, and carry it, as it should b?, 1j
into the enemv's country. I trust the department will
approve my course in this matter, and vvili give the neces- ||
s.iry ordeis to {he staff depattments lor the supply of this i,
large additional force."
From these facts, I think it results clearly that j
the war did not commence by the act of the Piesi- i
dent; that it was commenced by Mexico, as she j
had determined from the first, and that nothing j
would have prevented it, sooner or later. But if '
there was any cause which brought on the crisis ;
at this particular time, it was, first, the blockade ,
of the mouth of the Rio Grande, which, in the i
language of General Taylor, must necessarily com- j
pel the Mexicans either to retreat or to cross the '
river and fight him ; and, secondly, the failure of j
that general to call for volunteers, as he was au-
thorized to do, after he arrived 011 the Puo Grande, i
and was informed of the hostile intentions of the K
Mexicans-: He arrived there nearly a month be- f>
fore the attack on Captain Thornton, and if he had 1
then called on Texas and Louisiana for volun- ll
teers, the rapidity with which they flew to his j!
assistance afterwards shows that they might have !'
arrived at the scene of action before the 24th of!'
April. It can hardly be supposed if two or three i;
thousand additional troops had been with General !•
Taylor that the Mexicans would have crossed the :
river. These events occurred without the know!- i'
edge of the President of the United States, and
before the facts could be communicated to him and >1
any order given. No orders or authority was !'
ever given to blockade the mouth of the river; on I
the contrary, General Tay'or was instructed not I'
to insist on the joint navigation of that river if it
should be objected to by the Mexicans. General \
Taylor was repeatedly reminded of the ample au- :
thority given him to call for volunteers, and he, j
and not the President, was the best judge of what -
was necessary. Pie had a generous confidence in '
his army, that it was able to withstand the force
which the Mexicans could bring against it, and !
subsequent events have proved that he was cor- 1
rect. But the Mexicans did not know it at that time.
They had no idea of our prowess ; but I do not -
think they would have crossed the river against a
laree force.
I do not blame General Taylor for the course lie. ;
adopted. It may have precipitated the war a little
sooner than it would otherwise have occurred; but j
still, as it must have occurred at last, and as we :
made a glorious beginning on the fields of Palo
Alto and Resaca de la Palma, I see no cause to re-
grSt it. AH I wish to say is, that for these events \
the President of the United States is not respon- \
sible.
Before I close, there is another fact which I wish
to submit to the consideration of the Senate. Those
on the other side of the House contend that the
President brought on the war by ordering the army
to the Rio Grande, a territory either belonging to
Mexico, or in dispute. Whatever difference of
opinion may exist on the question of boundary,
it was clearly the duty of the President to recog-
nize the Rio Grande as the true boundary. Acts
of Congress had recognized it as such; they were
the laws of the land, and he was bound to obey
them, whatever opinions may have been enter-
tained by the Mexican Government, or others, on
the question of boundary. That he was right in
considering this American territory, and the Mex-
ican troops as invading it, is clearly proved by the
proceedings of this body, on the 12th of May,
1846, when the bill recognizing the war was under
consideration. I will here extract from the Jour-
^ nal of the Senate :
" On motion bv Mr. Crittenden, to amend the bill bv
striking out, section l,!me 4, the word? 'to pios-peute faid
, war to a ppocdy and purecsM'uI termination,' and in lieu
tiieieof insert, 'to 1 epcl invasion, and otherwise prosecute
hostilities, until the country be secured from the darker offur-
ther invasion.'
This was determined in the negative—yeas 20,
nays 26. How can it be contended, after this,
that the Piesident made this war, or that it was
not made on American soil? How could the Sen-
ator from Kentucky [Mr. Crittexden] call it
" invasion," unless the Mexican army had crossed
over into American soil. He, and they who voted
with him, must have so considered it at the time.
How can they, then, say now that the President
made this war?
On motion of Mr. DOUGLAS,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Ti-esday, February 1, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday, which was unusually
long, having been partially read—
Mr. GOGGIN hoped it would be the pleasure
of the House to dispense with the reading of the
Journal. _ It consisted almost entirely of resolu-
tions, which it could not be necessary to read;
whereas, if the reading were dispensed with, more
time would be allowed in Committee of the Whole
on the President's message, on which debate was
to be closed at two o'clock, by orderof the House.
Mr. J. Cl. ADAMS objected. If the reading of
the Journal were nowjdispensed with, it would be
the establishment of a precedent which might
bring with it evil consequences. He therefore re-
quired an enforcement of the rules.
The SPEAKER said, that as objections were
made, the Journal would be read—the motion to
suspend requiring unanimous consent.
The Clerk read the Journal accordingly.
president's message.
The House resolved itself into Commictce of the
Whole on the state of the Union, on the motion of
Mr. GOGGIN, (Mr. Stephen?, of Georgia, in the j
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the reso-
lution to refer to appropriate committees the an-
nual message of the President.
Mr. GOGGIN, who was entitled to the floor,
then proceeded to address the committee. Before 1
he proceeded with the remarks he intended to make,
he desired to leturn his thanks to the comnnUce
for the very kind indulgence which it extended to •
him on Friday last, when thg debate was post-
poned for his convenience. Bethen proceeded,and
said he should endeavor, in the sho.rt space of time
allotted him, to present to the. committee some few
views of the. topics which had been discussed with
so much ability by other gentlemen. The debate
had assumed a wide range, and not only had the
political action of this House in relation to this
war been assailed by gentlemen on the other side,
but unworthy motives—most unworthy motives—
bad been attributed to the majority; to those who
had thought proper, as they had done, to act in a
manner becoming freemen, and to differ with the
gentlemen 011 the other side. Yes, most unworthy
motives had been attributed to them; and the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Rhett,} who
addressed the committee a few days since, with a
sortof new-born zeal which he appeared to possess,
declared that the President of the United States
has, under the Constitution of the United States,
authority, without the aid of Congress, to place
this nation in a state of hostilities—attempting to
draw a distinction between a state of hostilities
I and a state of war; For his part, he (Mr. G.)
| could not see the distinction as it was seen by the
gentleman from South Carolina. With all respect
to that gentleman's judgment, to him (Mr. G.)
| it appeared to.be a distinction without a differ-
ence. He chose to look at the Constitution of his
i country for himself, rather than to the readings of
! the Constitution—of that sacred instrument of
| the gentleman from South Carolina. The United
States Constitution, as he read it, declares that
' Congress shall have power to declare war, and to
: raise and support armies, giving to the President
i of the United States only the power to conduct
the war when the war-making power shall declare
that it exists. The Executive had no authority,
without the aid of Congress, to take the initiative
j step in placing this country in a state of war, or—
if the gentleman from South Carolina would so
have it—in a state of hostilities.
! Mr. SIMS interposed.
j Mr. GOGGIN hoped the gentleman would not
! interrupt him; he had but a short time at his own
; disposal.
Mr. SIMS was understood to say that thegen-
j tlernan from Virginia had misconceived the re-
1 marks of the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Rhett,] who was absent.
Mr. GOGGIN resumed. He had understood
the gentleman from South Carolina as he had been
understood by other gentlemen on this floor, and
as he had expressed himself on this floor at the
• last session of Congress. Heretofore, the gentle-
! man from South Carolina had assumed the same
i position which he (Mr. G.) understood him to
| assume on Thursday last. But it had not been
I his practice to indulge in denunciation of gentle-
' men to whom he was opposed, by charging oil
I them that they were inclined to trample on the
j Constitution of their country—that Constitution
! which they, in common with all others, had sworn
< to support; and he was unwilling to believe that
gentlemen on the other side were less patriotic than
1 he claimed to be himself. He made no such charge
of a want of patriotism; but when gentlemen on
I the other siije of this Chamber hurled at his side
such charges, from which they claimed themselves
' to be exempt, lie could not but except to such de-
, minciations, and to say that it was in his view an
I indication of a consciousncss on the part of those
i gentlemen of their own weakness. "Theattempt
: and not the deed confounds us."
, He hesitated not to say, as he had said hereto-
| fore, that the President of the United States had
| violated the Constitution, by unnecessarily, im-
properly,and unconstitutionally, beginning the war
; with the Republic of Mexico. That position he
I had taken here. That opinion he thought proper
. to reiterate on this floor, and he would continue
' to repeat it, in spite of all denunciations here or
: elsewhere He charged 110 treason on any one
! before the country; he accused no one of the com-
mission of perjury before .God or man; but he
, thought the President had mistaken his duty, and
| exceeded the authority which was given to him by
the Constitution. His fault had been that he had
! listened to unwise counsels, and his authority had
been perverted. He (Mr. G,) said this, notwith-
standing the danger to which he exposed himself
of being charged with giving aid and comfort to
the enemy.
And now as to the gentleman from South Caro-
