1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279
of ttie victory of the 9th instant. A ponton train, the neces-
sity of which I exhibited to the department last year^ would
haVe. enabled the army to have crossed o« the evening: of
the battle, take this city, and all the artillery and stores of
the enemy, and a great number of prisoners—in short, to
destroy entirely the Mexican-army,"
This, then, had been exhibited to the depart-
ment a year before; and the President and the de-
partment—who complained of Congress that they
had failed to do their duty—though apprized of
what was necessary to be done, never thought
proper to take this step.
It was said that General Taylor advised the
-march to the Rio Grande. But the fact was, that
General Taylor said if the Rio Grande was to be
insisted upon as our ultimatum, then he would ad-
vise the march. Bring not the charge (said Mr.
G.) upon General Taylor of having brought on or
prolonged the war. If ever a patriot heart beat in
a patriot bosom; if ever a soldier showed that he
was the friend of the Constitution and laws of his
country, General Taylor had shown it in what he
would now read. When he had reached Corpus
Christi; when he had planted his army on the
western frontier of Texas; when, if ever, had he
been an ambitious man, and desired to make for
himself a name and fame at the expense of his
country, it might be anticipated that he would have
been anxious to push forward and meet the ene-
my, General Taylor wrote, under date of August
15, 1845: " Nor do I fear that the reported concen-
tration of troops atMatamoros is for any purposes
of invasion."
He read extracts from other letters of General
Taylor while at Corpus Christi, under dates of
August 20, September 6, October 11, 1845, and
January 7 and February Ifj, 1846, all announcing
that everything was quiet at the Rio Grande, and
ascribing the rumors and "exaggerated accounts
of Mexican preparations to resist our advance, if
not indeed to attempt an invasion of Texas," " to
personal interests connected with the stay of the
army here," and expressing the hope "thai they
will receive no attention at the War Department.31
This was the language (said Mr. G.") of a patriot—
of a man who knew, his'duty, wJxo had some-
thing of the true citizen-soldier in him, and who
would not involve his country in a war for the
sake of any laurels which he might thereby heap
upon his own brow. He also referred to the fact
that Mr. Buchanan, under date of 27th January,
stated the fact that the army had been ordered for-
ward to the Rio Grande in anticipation of the
rejection of Mr. Shdell, and noticed various other
facts going to show that the order for the advance
of the army did not arise, and could not have
arisen, from a knowledge of the rejection of Mr.
Slidell, or any real dunger of invasion by the
Mexicans, or of disturbance while our army lay at
Corpus Christi.
But lie wished to call the attention of the House
and the country to the position taken by Mr. Polk
in his annual message in December, 1845, in which
hfe communicated to the country a remarkable fact,
which seemed, in a great measure, to have been
overlooked. After speaking of having sent "a
strong squadron" to the coast of Mexico, and
having oidcred our army to the western frontier,
and stating that " the result has been that Mexico
has made no aggressive movement," and that "the
peace of the two republics has not been disturbed,"
the President said, after they had remained in this
situation for many weeks, without any movement
of a hostile character on the part of Mexico, "/
deemed it important, if possible, to put an end to this
state of thingsWhat was this state of things?
(asked Mr. G.) Why, a state of peace, a state of
quiet, a stale m which Mr. Polk himself seemed
to rejoice; yet afterwards, forgetting himself, he
said he deemed Jt necessary to put an end to "this
state of things;" and therefore he commissioned
Mr. Slidell to go to his "great and good friend,"
the President of Mexico. Mr. Slidell presented
himsell, and the Mexicans agreed to receive him
as a commissioner; but——
Here the hammer fell, and Mr. G.'s hour ex-
pired.
Mr. MORSE next obtained the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee during the remaining min-
utes allotted to debate. The pertinacity with
which gentlemen on this (the Whig) side of the
Chamber had refused, on several occasions, to per-
mit the message of the Chief Magistrate of this
country to take the usual course ot* reference, he
said, would seem to indicate on their part some
special reasons for debating this war; and none
appearing very obvious to his mind, perhaps some
less charitable person than himself would be apt
to suppose that they had desired to prejudice and
condemn beforehand the measures of this Admin-
istration, and this without any just sense of re-
sponsibility; for he presumed that in thirty-five
minutes, when the committee would be called
upon to vote, there would be no division on the
question of committing the several portions of the
message to the appropriate committees. But, be
that as it might, some two months of the session
had been taken up in arguing the merits of the
war in which we found ourselves involved with a
sister Republic—Mexico. Having been, in legal
parlance, an aider, abettor, and adviser, so far as
his humble action as a Representative on this floor
went, in all the acts which had been supposed to
have been instrumental in bringing on this war, he
felt bourfd to say something in defence of the
course pursued by the Executive and the majority
of this House. He was satisfied with the mas-
terly, unanswerable, and to this hour the unan-
swered, message of the President on this subject.
If he desired another argument, he would rest his
case upon an argument made in another branch of
this Capitol by a distinguished Senator who ordi-
narily voted with the gentlemen on this (the
Whig) side of the House, [referring to Mr. John-
son, of Maryland]—a gentleman whose sympa-
thies and feelings by no means were to be pre-
sumed to be favorable to the Executive and the
Administration. And that same Senator himself,
as if frightened by the sound himself had made,
had endeavored to answer the unanswerable argu-
ments of his own speech. How grand, perfect,
and unanswerable was the argument! How lame
and impotent was the conclusion!
He would not allude for one moment to the
charges and the brilliant denunciations that had
been hurled against the Administration and all who
support it on this floor, but with a view to what
shifts and resorts gentlemen were driven, and how
prone human nature is to believe what we wish to
be true; and how desirous gentlemen were to show
that 3ome of the measures of the Administration
had been the means of plunging this "country into
an unnecessary, unholy, and unconstitutional war.
But perhaps it would be as well for gentlemen
to be somewhat chary in their language, for he
thought in his short time he should he able to de-
monstrate that if this " fatal order," as gentlemen
were pleased to term it, of the 13th of January,
which emanated from the War Department, were
the cause of the war, that gentlemen were equally
to blame, more to blame, because entertaining dif-
ferent views, and were justly responsible for every
dollar that had been expended, and for every drop
of American blood that had been shed m this con-
troversy. •
It was known to the country at large, it was
known to every member of this body, in the month
of January, that this order had gone forth. The
National Intelligencer, from the 1st of February
up to the time the war was recognized by this
House—and he presumed the gentlemen opposite
would not question that authority—was full of
comments on the Administration, and the measures
of the Administration, and of the advance of the
army to the Rio Grande. From day to day this
fact was commented on. How was it, then, that
those gentlemen who have now such constitutional
scruples about the simple order of the Chief Ma-
gistrate of this country for the removal of the
troops, as though that was the cause of the war—
how did those gentlemen reconcilc with those scru-
ples the fact, that though the order was known to
this country, not one single man endeavored to
arrest its execution ? Not a single man made the
attempt. They knew how easy a thing it was for
a resolution to be offered; for this House, as they
had'seen yesterday, was flooded with resolutions
on all subjects on which inquiry could be made,
even to so trifling a subject as the unexpended
balance of some hundred dollars.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will the gentleman give
way ?
Mr. MORSE replied that he had only thirty
minutes of his time left, and as he had made no
allusion to the gentleman from Ohio, he did not
choose to be interrupted. He had done injustice
to no gentleman. He defied gentlemen to show
that any single member on this floor, or on that of
the Chamber at the other end of the Capitol, when
they saw this hostile motfemfent, this " unholy,"
this " damnable usurpation," for which gentlemen
said the President should be 'impeached, took
measures to arrest it.
Mr. COLLAMER inquired if any gentleman
here knew of the movement?
Mr. MORSE would anwer the gentleman.
Mr. COLLAMER granted that in the month of
February a resolution was introduced into* this-
House, but it was suppressed,
Mr. MORSE would answer the gentleman from
Vermont. Because, forsooth, the President of the
United States had not thought proper to commu-
nicate each and every order given to the generals
of our army, gentlemen assumed that the fact of
this order having been given was not known.
The question was, was the fact known ? He as-
serted that it was known, as well known as any
other fact connected with the history of this Aa-
mifiistration. It was published in the newspapers
of the day, and the passage of our army across the
desert of Sahara was publicly debated.
Mr. TOOMBS. When did the army start?
Mr. MORSE. When? Why, the order was
given in January, and, although the army did not
start until March, the fact that the order was given
was known a few days after, and Mr. Clayton, a
distinguished Senator from Delaware, had stated
in the Senate Chamber that he called Mr. Cal-
houn's attention to it at the time, but that Senator
declined meddling with the matter, because at that
time we had negotiations going on in relation to
the Oregon question, which the Senator from South
Carolina thought might be injuriously affected by
an interference with this movement of our army
in Texas. Thus, then, it appeared that these gen-
tlemen, who called themselves the peculiar friends
of the Constitution, calmly looked on, although it
was known that the order was given—known and
published in the newspapers—known to members
of this House, and there was not a single step
taken in relation to it.
Mr. COLLAMER said that Mr. Garrett Davis
offered a resolution of inquiry in this House. .
Mr. MORSE said further, that that " fatal order"
was by no means the cause of war. The causes of
the war existed long anterior to the issuing of that
order; and the march to the Rio Grande was no
more the cause of the war than the march on Con-
cord or Lexington. If he were compelled to look
beyond the stupidity and imbecility of the Mexi-
can Government, which, through a long course of
years, had refused to acknowledge the fixed fact
that a certain portion of territory was a part of the
United States, for cause of war, he might find a
key to it in hints and intimations which were
given in this body when the subject of annexing
Texas was discussed. There might be found
causes for the war, for there it was asserted that
annexation would involve us in war; and that it
ought to involve us in war, for Mexico would
thereby be degraded. Much was said that was
calculated to excite Mexico; for annexation was
denounced as affecting her national honor, and
thus she was urged into a war, which, however,
she would not have attempted to prosecute but for
the prospect of our being engaged in a war respect-
ing Oregon. There were gentlemen perhaps on
this floor who agreed with the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Thompson,] who addressed the House
the other day, in believing that it was the delib-
erate design of this Government to plunge this
country into a war by that u fatal order." But did
these gentlemen conceal from themselves the fact,
that long before General Taylor reached the Lit-
tle Colorado, Mexico had sent forces there, some
hundreds of miles from the capital? Were those
gentlemen not aware of the fact that preparations
had been made by Mexico to support an army
there, and that resources had been placed at her
disposal for that purpose? Did gentlemen conceal
the fact that war was actually declared long before
we thought proper to recognize it as having been
declared by the Mexican Government? But that
was not all. He agreed with gentlemen who had
addressed the House on this subject that the
President could not make wart The ^President
could commit an act of hostility. He might order
a frigate to bombard a town of a peaceable neigh-
bor, but that did not make a war. How then did
gentlemen reconcile their present denunciations
with their course during the last Congress?
Mr. TOOMBS said he did denounce the " pre-
amble" in the face of the ferocious majority on the
