1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
281
4 of the Secretary of the Treasury as relates to
4 these subjects."
The amendment was agreed to.
The sixth resolution was read, as follows :
6th. That so much of said message as relates to the sub-
ject of manufactures, and to the influence ot the tariff act of
the 30th July, A. D. 1846, on the manufactures of the coun-
try, together with so much of the acompanyinsz report of the
Secretary of the Treasury as relates to this subject, be referred
to the Committee on Manufactures.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, it was amended by
striking out the words which were stricken from
the fifth resolution.
The seventh resolution was passed without
amendment. It is as follows;
ee 7th. That so much of said message as relates to the con-
dition and operations of the navy, together with the accom-
panying report of the Secretary of the Navy, be referred to
the Committee on Naval Affans,
The eighth resolution was read, as follows:
8th. That so much of said message as relates to tho reve-
nue, to the public debt, to the increase thereof, to the crea-
tion of a sinking fund, to a duty or. tea and coft'ee, to the
collection, sale-keeping, and di bui ement of the public
nioneys; to the coinage, and the establishment of a branch
mint at the city of New York; to the amendment of the
sub-treasury act; to the estimated expenditures of the Gov-
ernment, together with so much of the accompanying report of
the Hccretai y of the Treasury us relates to these subjects, be
referred to the Committee of'Ways and Means.
Mr. VINTON moved to amend, by striking out
the words which had been stricken out of the fifth
and sixth resolutions.
Mr. WILMOT moved to amend the amendment
by inserting the following:
"And that s>aid committee bo instructed fo report a hill
which shall provide foi raising annually, duiing the continu-
ance of the w ar with Mexico, and unul the payment of the
public debt, the &um of live millions of dollurs, to be as-
sessed on personal propeity, stocks, and money atinteic&t,
and apportioned among the States as provided by the Con-
stitution."
Mr. WILMOT inquired if, under the rules of
the House, he had not five minutes allowed him to
explain his amendment?
The CHAIR replied in the affirmative.
Mr. WILMOT then proceeded to say, that he
had offered this amendment because he was op-
posed to a tax on tea and coffee, and that he should
be compelled to vote against any proposition to
that effect that might be offeied. He believed the
course which he proposed by this amendment was
the proper one for meeting all extraordinary de-
mands on the Government. For the ordinary ex-
penses of the Government he was willing that the
money should be raised by duties on imports*, but
for all extraordinary expenses there should be an
appeal made to the people. This was the straight-
forward way of doing business, and the Secretary
of the Treasury, he was sorry to see, had not the
courage to recommend that upon which he insist-
ed when out of office. As a free-trade man, he
should have adhered to the doctrines of this amend-
ment. The Secretary of the Treasury should have
known that it was impolitic to create a debt with-
out providing the means for its payment, and for
the purpose of providing the means for the extin-
guishment of the debt he now submitted this propo-
sition. He preferred this mode for another reason:
it was to avoid imposing all the burdens of the
Government on the poor and laboring part of the
community. Tax tea and coffee, and nine-tenths
of it would be puid by the laboring part of the peo-
ple. And wiiy, in God's name, (he asked,) should
this be so? Why should they not tax the manu-
facturers of the country, and the capitalists of the
East and the South, to the amount of a fair propor-
tion of the expenses of the Government ? The peo-
ple of this country would sjjrink from no sacrifice
which they were required to make for the prose-
cution of a war that was just and necessary. They
would pay the tax which his amendment proposed
to impose cheerfully. And the tax should fall on
those on whom this amendment would impose it.
It should fall on commerce and on great commer-
cial cities. It should fall on men who have means;
who have money at interest, and large sums in the
stocks, find who owned much personal property.
It should not fall on those who fight our battles;
on the same class of men that sustained their coun-
try's honor on the bloody field. To throw on them
the burden of maintaining the war might grind
them down for years to come. The plan now
proposed, he repeated, was the honest and straight-
forward plan. It was the manly course, and the
true way to meet the question.
[Here the Chairman's hammer fell, announcing
the expiration of the gentleman's five minutes.]
Mr. GENTRY moved to amend the amendment
so that it should provide that the committee should
inquire into the expediency of bringing in such a
bill.
The amendment suggested by Mr. Gentry
having been accepted, the question was taken on
the amendment as modified, by tellers—Messrs.
Pollock and McClelland—and it was decided
in the affirmative by a majority of 93 to 129.
Theamendment of Mr. v inton was then adopted
as amended.
The ninth and other resolutions were then read,
as follows:
u9th. Tiiat so much of said message as relates to the
public lands, to the giaduation and reduction of the price
thereof, to the amendment of the preemption Jaws, to the
surveying and bringtiig into market the lands in Oiegon,
together with so much ol the accompanying report of the
Secretary of the Treasury as relates to these subjects, be
refeired to the Committee on Public Lands.
"10th. That so much ot said message as relates to the
Indian tribes and to our mtercouise with them, together
with no much of the accompanying iepo t ot the Secretary
of Wat as relates to this subject, be referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Aft'aus.
"11th. That !>o much of said message as relates to the
condition and operations of the Post Office Department, to
the collection in the liiitish post office of discriminating
postages on Jetters and other mailable matter transported in
American mail steamers,, together with the accompanying
icport of the Postmaster General, he referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
" Wth. That so much of said message as relates to agri-
culture, and to the relief which is theiem alleged it ha-s de-
rived fiom the burdens of the protective policy, under the
operation of the tariff act of July 30, A. D. 1846, and so much
of the repoit of the Secretary of the Treasury as relates to
thi-s subject, bo jeleired to the Committee on Agriculture.
" 13th. That so much of said mes.-age as recommends
that provision be made lor the tamilies of those who have
fallen or died in the service in Mexico, be refeired to a
select committee.
<v 14th. That so much of said message as declares that it
may become pioperfur our commanding geneiaUui theticld
to give encouragement and asntn.mces of pioteetion to Mich
fi lends of peace m Mexico as will establish a government
there, able and willing to conclude a peace with us, k and
secuie to us the indemnity we demand,' be referred to a
select committee.
"15th. That >o much of said message as relates to the
mannci in winch the war with Mexico ought to be prose-
cuted, and the policy that should he pursued in respect to it,
be relcrred to a select committee."
The three last resolutions were amended, on the
motion of Mr. VINTON, by adding thereto " of
nine members," the number of which the select
committees were to consist not havins; been speci-
fied.
Mr. BRODHEAD moved that the resolutions
which he had submitted as a substitute be taken
up for amendment seriatim.
They were taken up und read accordingly, and
the following were passed without amendment:
Resolved, That so much of tho message of the President
ot the l/uited States to the two Houses ol Congres- at the
piescnt session as relates to the oxMing war with Mexico,
tu the i oudition of our citizens hi China, and the propuety
of making payment to the Spanish Government iirthe
" Aniibtad case," together with the accompanying coue-
spondence in i elation tuercto, be refeired to tae Committee
on Foreign Affans.
Resolved, That so much of the haul message as relates to
the condition and opoiations of the army, the propriety of in-
ci easing the same, and levying contributions upon the ene-
j my, together with the report of the Secietaiy of Wai,be
i referred to the Committee on Military Allans.
j Resolved, That so much of the said message as relates to
I the establishment of Territorial Governments in Oregon,
. New Mcxico, and the Caltfornias, be referred to the Com-
1 nnttee on Territories.
The Clerk then read the fourth resolution, as
follows:
I Resolved, That so much of the said message as relates to
the condition of the tieasurv, to the means of obtaining
' money to pio^ecute the war with Mexico, the propriety of
ji imposing a duty upon tea and coffee, the warehousing ava-
il tem, the constitutional treasury, and the propriety of estab-
!l lishing a branch mint at New Yoik, be referred to the Com-
; | mittoe of VVay> and Means.
j| Mr. WILMOT moved to amend this resolution
(j by adding the words which, on his motion, had
been ingrafted on the 8th resolution of Mr. Yin-
ton's series.
Mr. MEADE moved to strike out the words
" fn?e millic
Lost.
> millions," and leave a blank for the amount.
j Mr. McKAY moved to strike out that portion
i which required the annual tax of five millions dol-
, lars, to be continued not only during the war, but
! during the continuance of the public debt. If this
war was prolonged; if there was no reasonable
probability that it would be brought to a close
within a short time; if the rumors were not true
that were flying ail over the country that a treaty
of peace has been concluded, whether by autho-
rized or unauthorized agents of this Government;
if, he repeated, there was no reasonable probability
that this war would be brought to a close while this
Congress was in session, he should feel it to be his
duty, as a Representative of the people, to vote to
raise the means, by an appeal directly to the pockets
of the people, for the prosecution of the war. In
doing this he had no doubt he should be sustained
by the approbation of those who had sent him here.
He hoped the war would be brought to a close in
a short period; and, if so, there would 6e no ne-
cessity for such a provision as this amendment
would make. He knew the people of this country
were patriotic enough, if they believed the waf
was commenced constitutionally, to provide the
means to carry it on and to bring it to a successful
termination; but if the war was brought to a close
within a reasonable period, there would be no ne-
cessity for any extraordinary provision, as the ordi-
nary revenues of the Government would be amply
sufficient to meet the public debt as well as the
current expenses. He therefore moved to strike
out the words " and until the payment of the pub-
lic debt."
Mr. ASHMUN asked the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. McKay] to modify his amendment
by inserting the words " created by the war" after
the words 14 public debt."
Mr. McKAY declined so to modify his amend-
ment; on which the question was taken, and it was
rejected.
The words " and other," a mere verbal correc-
tion, were added after the word " personal,"and
before "property," in Mr. Wilmot's amend-
ment.
Mr. VAN DYKE moved to add, after " public
debt," the words "occasioned by the war."
Agreed to.
Mr. HENLEY moved to add, after the word
" debt," the words "created under the Adminis-
tration of John Tyler." Lost.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, desired to insert the
word "Whig" before the word "Administration."
Another proposition was made to add the words
"of Martin Van Ruren."
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, appealed to the Chair-
man to rule all these amendments out of order.
The amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Wilmot] was itself an amendment in
the second degree, which was as far as they could
go. It was an amendment to the amendment of
another gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brod-
head.]
The CHAIRMAN said the proposition of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Brodhead]
was offered as a substitute for the series of resolu-
tions submitted by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Vinton.]
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, replied that a substitute
was not recognized by the parliamentary law. A
substitute was in the nature of an amendment,and
must be so treated.
The question was then taken on Mr. Wilmot's
amendment, and was agreed to.
The residue of Mr. Brodhead's resolutions were
then read as follows, and passed without amend-
ment.
Resolved, That so much of the said message a? relates to
the graduation and reduction of the price of the pubiic lands,
the amendment and modification of the laws granting pio-
emption lights to settlers, to the establishment of a surveyor
general's olfice in Oregon, and the grant of lands therein to
tictuul settlers, be lcfcircd to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Resolved, That so much of the said message as relates to
our relations with the vaiious Indian tribes, ami the appoint-
ment ot Indian agents west of the Rocky Mountains, bo
leferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of the said message as relates to
the condition and operations of the navy, to the increase of
tea steamers, together with the repoit of the Secretary of
the Navy, be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of the said message as relates to
the progiessand condition of the mail service,"the operations
| of the Poit Office Department, and the postal arrangements
! with foreign governments, together with the report ot the
| Postmaster General, be referied to the Committee on the
j Post Office and Post Roads.
| The question, then recurred on the amendment
' of Mr. Brodhead—his series of resolutions—as a
j substitute for those of Mr. Vinton.
The question being taken on striking out Mr.
Vinton's resolutions, and inserting those ot Mr.
Brodhead, it was decided by tellers in the nega-
tive: Ayes 81, noes 95.
Mr. VINTON'S resolutions, as amended, were
then agreed to; and, on motion of Mr. COBB, the
committee rose, and reported the resolutions, as
amended, to the House.
