282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1,
Mr. COLLAMER addressed the House nearly
as follows : X have listened with a good deal of
attention to the debates which have occurred m
this House on some of the subjects contained in
the President's message, and 1 was desirous to
extract, if 1 could, some general principle out of
them. I have heard gentlemen discuss them now
for many days; 1 have seen the array of parties in
this House, or rather of the leaders who speak
here, and who have explained their respective
views on the great questions which are now agi-
tating the country; and I have heard them, with
regret, indulging in apparently but ill-disguised
personalities in regard to the motives of gentlemen
opposed to them. This has, for the most part,
been done very modestly, with entire decorum,
in point of form; yet one thing has been observ-
able throughout; men have evidently been in-
clined to think and to say that those who dis-
agreed with themselves in opinion on the great
points of public policy, especially in regard tcTthis
war, were enemies to their country. They have
at least permitted the community so to understand
it, and this, I may say, en both sides,
Now, a man may differ from me in opinion on
a question deeply affecting our common country,
and yet, surely, be no enemy to that country.
The truth is this: men erect in their own minds a
standard of national prosperity, and of the ends
and means of Government in its promotion; and
then they take it for granted that everything which
crosses their track must of course be hostile
to the prosperity of the country, because, with
them, the prosperity of the country is estimated
according to the standard in their mind.
And now, to travel back a little, we may ask,
what are the great ends and purposes for which
government is created? I have an idea, more or
less perfect, of those ends, and it is this: what-
ever advances a nation in its social condition, con-
sidered as physical, rational, and moral beings,
is the legitimate end to be puisued by it? govern-
ment. And the means to accomplish this consist
in the improvement of the country, the improve-
ment of the means of mutual intercourse, whatever
tends to make us a homogeneous people, and pro-
motes the advance of the entire society m comfort,
intelligence, and morals.
I have been but a short time here; it is not more
than five years since I became a member of this
House; but with that amount of Congressional
experience, and after carefully listening to the re-
marks of gentlemen here, I am constrained to con-
clude, that there are in this body gentlemen who
have erected in their minds very different standards
of national prosperity from that which I deem just
and proper. According to their conceptions, the
prosperity of a nation consists in what most ad-
vances its military glory; m whatever extends the
area of territory possessed; in whatever gives eclat
to the nation, by blood, by gunpowder, by feats of
arms. With them that is national prosperity, if
they think that to be the true end and the proper
means for a government, they will very naturally
conceive that those who would obstruct this end—
who would put a stop to such a career of pros-
perity, are enemies to their country, traitors to its
government. The fundamental difference be-
tween us, then, lies in the question,—What is it
which constitutes national glory? I am justified
in this conclusion by a review of what has recently
happened in our history. What was the great
enterprise on which we embarked when we adopted
other than ordinary measures for the increase and
extension of our territory, by the annexation of
Texas, is not, and cannot, with honest and candid
men, be a matter of dispute. The people in one
portion of the Union,said that Government ought
so to use its power, as to cause that power to oper-
ate on slavery. At this doctrine the people of the
South became alarmed. Their alarm, I think, was
unfounded; but it was real, and they resorted to
the annexation of Texas with a view to counteract
the. action they apprehended in another quarter.
When the tiling was announced by the official
organ of the Government, the object was not
cavilled about. Look at the language of Mr. Up-
shurand of Air. Calhoun. When they announced
the formation of the treaty of annexation to Mr.
King,and to Mr. Pakenham, and to Mr. Shannon,
officially, as the organs of this Government, they
avowed the object to be to prevent the abolition of
slavery m Texas by the influence of England, and
the effcct of such abolition on slavery here. The
object was not disguised. The man who says that
such was not the design of that movement, charges
the organs of his Government with deliberate false-
hood, or else is endeavoring to humbug the people.
But what was the difficulty in this matter? Both
parties had formerly held, and uniformly main-
tained that this Government had no power to act
in any way on the subject of slavery. The ques-
tion was not in which way Government should act
upon it, but whether it could act at all. The peo-
ple held that Government had nothing to do with,
it whatever.
Now, I ask, was not the treaty-making power
of this Government by the Texan treaty invoked
to exercise its powers in reference to slavery ?
Most certainly it was. And those who were in
favor of the treaty, in invoking such action by this
Government, took the very ground before occu-
pied only by the extreme abolitionists, viz: that
Government could touch the subject in any way.
But in regard to that treaty, we had it officially
announced that the power of the Government was
exerted to effect slavery. Being thus driven to
the wall, the only question which remains for us
is, in which way it shall effect it ? There is, how-
ever, but little question I presume on that point.
I say, that the annexation, as made, was uncon-
stitutional; but we are not going, on that account,
to dissolve the Union, nor do I say that we are not
bound by the act, practically, unconstitutional as it
was. What I mean to say is, that when once men
have resolved to go ahead in a course of that kind,
neither the Constitution nor any other obstacle can
long stand in their way. The whole question lies
m a nut-shell, and it has been settled by the
Supreme Court of the United States, who have
declared that when the treaty power of this Gov-
ernment has annexed any territory to the Union,
then we have legislative power over it, and not
before. We may annex by the treaty-making
power, but the legislative power has no jurisdic-
tion till the territory is actually brought, by treaty,
into the Union. But in the case of Texas, the
treaty was rejected, and Texas could not constitu-
tionally be annexed in any other way.
No one function of this Government lies, at the
same time, in two different branches of the Gov- '
eminent. If a certain function of Government i
belongs to the treaty power, then it does not be-
long to the legislative power. So I understand Mr.
Madison. [Here Mr. Collamer quoted from the
writings of Mr. Madison, m which he lays down
the doctrine asserted by Mr. C., viz: that the
same power cannot belong to each of the depait-
ments. The same specific function in no case be-
longs to any two branches, and cannot be exercis-
ed separately by each of them; such action would ;
be unnatural "in theory and dangerous in praotice.]
The annexation (Mr. C. went on to say) was at- '
tempted to be effected by treaty: none could doubt
that this would have been constitutional; but if the J
function of annexing belonged to the treaty power, |
then, according to Mr. Madison, it could not be '
exercised by any other branch of the Government.
But wc overrode Mr. Madison and the Constitu-
tion too, and made a contract by legislative action
which could only lawfully be made by the tieaty
power, until we got the territory actually into the 1
Union, and so within legislative jurisdiction. It
was all an anomaly—a gross and palpable contra-
vention of the Constitution. ;
The treaty was rejected; and why? Because it [
went to the Rio Grande? Exactly for that reason,
the joint resolution of annexation avoided that dif- ■
ficulty; it annexed only what should be found I
properly to belong to Texas. We had already
settled, by the rejection of the treaty, that the ter-
ritory up to the Rio Grande did not properly be- |
long to her. Then came the President and took ,j
military possession of that very portion of terri- ;
tory, the inclusion of which in the treaty caused j
the treaty to be rejected. It was in possession ^>f I
the Mexicans, who had farms, towns, and forts ||
there. That was possession. There was no es- |
cape from this statement of fact. The country was i
taken military possession of by our army under 1
the orders of the President, while it was in the ac-
tual possession of the Mexican people. Mr. C.
insisted that annexation could only be made either
by treaty or the sword. We annexed Texas by
the sword. He affirmed the act of the President
to be unconstitutional. But to say this was not to j
say that therefore the war was unconstitutional. 11
The President might involve us in a war any day 'i
he pleased; he had only to insult a foreign minis-
ter and refuse to apologize, and we should be in a
war forthwith. We had for a long time a diffi-
culty with Great Britain. If the President had
marched an army to Quebec, there would have
been war at once, though the act of doing so would
not have been constitutional; but this would not
render the war itself unconstitutional.
Thus the war with Mexico was begun, and it
went on much in the same way. Our army got
into a situation of peril; the President communi-
cated that fact to Congress, and said that war ex-
isted by the act of Mexico. Then came the bill
of supplies; and many on Mr. C.'s side of the
House voted for it. The question was, whether
our army should be relieved; and they voted the
bill, notwithstanding its preamble, to effect that
object. Our army then crosscd the river, and
pushed into what none denied to be the territory
of Mexico. It entered Matamoros, and pushed
on to Monterey. More supplies were voted." Con-
gress at one time were told that our army was in
danger, and there was glory ahead; next we heard
that the -halls of the Montezumas were in view;
and so from one glorious prospect to another; yet
all the while the Executive was declaring that he
had no such thing as conquest in view. Well, no
man could put his finger on any particular act, and
say this is conquest. Why, what was conquest ?
It was the taking of territory with a view to re-
tain it. The matter was perfectly plain. It was
true that at the last session and in'the session pre-
vious, Mr. C. had not been without his suspicions;
he did suspect, strongly, that more was meant by
the operations of our army than a mere taking and
temporary holding of forts and passes. He saw
expeditions fitting out for California, with instruc-
tions to take and to hold it; so that if, at the end of
the war, a treaty should be made on the basis of
the uti possidetis, the United States might retain it -
in tlieir hands. That arrangement looked to some-
thing more than our controversy with Mexico; he
suspected from that time that the true object was
conquest. But the Executive message utterly de-
nied all such purpose—no conquest was intended.
And thus we had been led on from step to step,
till at length we were here. And what was our
condition now? We were told that our armies
were to be spread all over Mexico, and all the capi-
tals of the several States were to be seized and
taken possession of, and the General Government
was to be kept in constant agitation without a
quiet spot to set its foot upon. But all this was
not to destroy the nationality of Mexico. Oh! no;
nothing further from the intention of the Execu-
tive. It was much like the case of a man who
should say to another, I have no intention of kill-
ing you; oh ! no; while at the same time he was
firing cannon balls through his vital parts. This
profession was all quibble. We were taking every
means in our power to destroy her nationality, so
that there would be nobody left in power to make
a treaty with; but we meant no conquest—oh! no,
not at all.
The President told Congress that his object was
to obtain indemnity; but there was evidence that
that was not the real end in view. He sent Mr.
Tnst, who corresponded with the head of the
Mexican Government. The terms of the treaty
he was to make were not expressed in the mes-
sage. These were blank m the agreement; and
when the Mexicans said that they were willing to
accommodate on the'subject of the boundary line,
as to whether it should run along hy the Nueces
or pass through the midst of the "stupendous de-
sert," he said he would refer that question to his
Government. But there was a sine qua ?ion in the
instructions. They must surrender to us the
whole of New Mexico. This, they contended,
was more than we could pretend to demand as in-
demnity. Oh! yes, replied Mr. Trist, and there-
fore we are willing to pay you for it. They then
put to him a question which never was answered:
Is it worthy of you, as a republican and christian
nation, to compel us to sell our country? It never
could be answered. It was manifest that the Presi-
dent's object was not indemnity, but something
much beyond it. So much more that he was
ready to pay for it. Now, Mr. C. said, he regard-
ed all territorial acquisition made by treaty at the
close of a war as conquest. The treaty was the
child of the war; it was produced by the war; and
what we get by the treaty we get by the war; call
it purchase or whatever else you like, it was con-
