284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1,
onet; much less does it become the people of the
United States.
The hour here expired, and Mr. COBB obtained
the floor, and, on motion, the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred :
By Mr. HARALSON : The petition of sundry citizens of
Heard, Carroll, and Paulding counties, in the State of Geor-
gia, piaying the establishment of certain mail routes therein
named.
By Mr. KENNON : The petition of G. D. Kinnear and 60
others, citizens of Belmont county, Ohio, praying a propor-
tionate reduction of postage on ail newspapers not containing
more than five hundred square inches in &ize.
By Mr. POLLOCK: The petition of Jane Lynn, of Union
county, Pennsylvania, widow of a revolutionary soldier, pray-
iaiy for a pension.
By Mr LUMPKIN : The petition ofWillian Fuller, pray-
ing compensation for mail services on the mail route from
Augusta to Savannah, in the State of Georgia.
By Mr. DECKTNSON: The petition of Lli Dresbach and
140 others, citizens ofSencca county, Ohio, praying Congress
to carry into effect the provisions of the Brownsiown treaty
and of the several acts of Congress i elati ng to the construc-
tion ol'u ioa.d southerly from Lower Sandusky, Ohio. Also,
petition* from citizens ot Wyandot county, relating to the
same subject. ANo, petitions from citizens of Sandusky coun-
ty, relating to the same subject.
By Mr. THOMPSOAT, of Indiana: A memorial from the
tru-tees of the Wabash and Ene canal, in Indiana, praying
for the passage of a law to confirm to the State of Indiana
the selection of lands heretofore made by commissioners ap-
pointed by the State, under the act of Congie^ granting to
the State certain lands to aid in the construction of said canal.
By Mr. GIDD1NGS: The petition of R. P. Harrison and
13 others, citizens of Kirtland, Ohio, for releasing the free
States from all support of slavery. Also, the petition ofG. W.
St. John and 32 others, citizens of Morgan,Ohio, for closing
the war with Mexico by withdrawing the army. Also, re-
solutions of a meeting at Taneytown, Pennsylvania. Also,
the ptuaon of Isaac Haynesand 103 others, citizens of Ohio,
for a reduction of postage. Also, the petition of David Jack-
son and 127 others, citizens ot Ohio, that no more supplies
may be given to carry on the war with Mexico. Also, the
petition of David Jackson and 127 others, citizens of Ohio,
for the abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia..
By Mr. CJtOWELL : The petition ot S. M. Prentiss and
others, citizens of Portage county, Ohio, praj mg the reduc-
tion of postage one-halt on ail papers containing not moie
than five hundred square inches.
By Mr. T, BUTLER KIXG: The petition of the Central
Railroad and Banking Company of Georgia, piaying that cer-
tain bonds gi\ en by said company for duties on railroad non
may be cancelled.
By Mr. 1-JAMPTOX, of Pennsylvania: The petition of
citizens of Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, pravmg for the j
reduction and equalization of postage on juvenile pubhea- j
tions. j
On motion of Mr. ASHLEY,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office at\d
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a po©t route from Powhatan, in Lawrence
county, AiKansas, via Walcott, to Willis, in Greene county,
in said State.
On motion of Mr. BTIEESE,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire what legislation (if any) is necessary for
the disposal of the lands Ijing upon the Illinois river, in the
State of Illinois, and known as the "lost lands," and to
report by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. BREESE,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Tieasury be directed
to inform the Senate wnat quantity of the public lands lying
in the State of Illinois has been granted for mihtaiy boun-
ties since the 1st day of J.muaiy, 1319; the price at which
they were held by the United States! when granted; and
also the quantity relinquished to the United States under
the operation of the act of 24th of April, 1820.
The resolutions submitted some days since by
Mi\*Bagby, relative to the powers of the General
Government, were taken up in their order, when
Mr. BAGBY stated that he had no intention to
ask the Senate to consider the resolutions at this
time. He was desirous that the important bill
now before the Senate should be first disposed of.
He would therefore move that the resolutions be
informally passed over, until that business be ter-
minated, when he would call them up for consid-
eration.
The resolutions were then informally passed
over.
The following resolution, submitted on Friday,
the 28th of January, by Mr. Miller, was taken
up and adopted:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be le- ;
quested to inform the Senate whether lie has caused to he !
laid and collected any taxes, duties, or imposts, upon goods
and merchandise belonging to citizens ot the United States,
expoited by such citizens from the United States to Mexico ; 1
and, ifso, wliat is the late of such duties, and what amount '
has been collected; and, also, by what authority of law the i
same have been levied and collected. |
IN SENATE. i
Tuesday, February 1, 1848. I
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition from !
citizens of the State of New York, praying that
Rouse's Point may be made a port of entry; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DOWNS presented a petition from citizens
of the parish of Natchitoches, Louisiana, praying
the confirmation of their land titles in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, repoited a bill to repeal a part of the act
entitled "An act to appropriate the proceeds of
the sales of the public lands, and to grant pre-
emption rights." The bill having been read a first
time—
Mr. DOWNS expressed a wish that the bill
might now have its second reading.
Mr. PHELPS expressed his regret that there
was a disposition to press a bill of such importance
through the Senate. He desired time to examine
its provisions, and was therefore reluctantly com-
pelled to object to its second reading at this time.
Mr. MANGUM, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, asked that the Committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the me-
morial of the New Garden Monthly Meeting of
Friends, asking the termination of the war with
Mexico, the withdrawal of our troops, &c., and
that it be laid on the table.
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion of Mr. BENTON,
r Rewl.rpd, That the Militaiy Committee, to which has
been refencd the petition of John Charles Fremont, in rela-
tion to California claims o i the. Government of the United
States, he authorized and directed to take testimony, writ-
ten and oral, in regard to said claims, and, for that purpose,
to summon witnesses now in or near the city of Washing-
ton, and to administer oaths to said witnesses, and take
their testimony in -writing, and that the committee have
eave to employ a clerk.
On motion of Mr. RUSK, the Senate proceeded I
to the consideration of the bill to allow further
time for satisfying claims for bounty lands for '
military services in the late war with Great Brit-
am, and for other purposes.
Mr. RUSK moved to amend the bill by striking
out, in the 8th line of the 1st section, the words, "in ,
the war of the Revolution or." 1
Mr. UNDERWOOD said, that having intro-
duced the bill, he would make a single remark in '
reference to the amendment. He did not know
that there was any revolutionary soldiers whose
claims for military bounty land were unsettled. In
drafting the bill, however, he had inserted a pro-
vision for their benefit in case there should be any
left. There were some nine hundred soldiers of
the last war who had claims to bounty lands which
were still unsatisfied. His friend on the right [Mr.
Rusk] had information from the proper depart-
ment on the subject, and it might be that these
were all the claims which were yet to be adjusted.
He believed that the amendment had been submit-
ted in order to remove the apprehensions of some
friends over the way lest the bill might otherwise
open the door to the unsatisfied Virginia military
land warrants. The bill had nothing to do with
j ! that subject, which it did not at all look to or em-
j! brace. That subject would come up for considera- i
j; tion, when he sliould report a bill, of the introduc- 1
1 tion of which he had given notice. He would j
i again express the hope that the amendment would 1
J be withdrawn, lest there might be a single revolu- I
i tionary soldier left who was entitled to military !
; bounty land who could receive it only because his
i claims were manifest by the records of the depart- ,!
j ment, and who would be entitled only to one hun- '
i di ed acres of land if he should successfully estab-
! lish his claim. It seemed to him, therefore, to be
! better to allow the clause in the bill to remain. It i
j was inserted in former laws on the subject, and he
I did not see any necessity to strike it out in the bill '
| now before the Senate. He added, that he deemed '
| it proper to make this explanation without having j
| any very decided feeling one way or the other with
I regard to the amendment. ;j
i Mr. RUSK said, that the only object he had in !!
view m offering the amendment was to obviate the !j
objections raised the other day against the bill, ji
that it might open the door to the claims of revo- !
lutionary soldiers. He did not know whether there 1
i were any such claims in existence. This was sim- II
j ply a renewal of the law which expired in July j
I last. However, he presumed that there would be 'i
; no difficulty after the explanation of the gentleman H
who had reported the bill,'and therefore he would
not press the amendment.
Mr. PHELPS had designed to offer the same
amendment which had been submitted by the
Senator from Texas, and he hoped that it would
I not be withdrawn, if there were no revolutionary
claims, as had been stated, he did not see the
necessity for retaining the clause in the bill which
the amendment proposed to strike out. It was
useless, and therefore, on the very supposition that
there was no case to be provided for, the clause
was clearly unnecessary. But the bill, as he
understood it, admitted of a construction which
; would alio w a vast amount of those claims for land
, bounties, hitherto the subject of so much discus-
' sion in both'branches of Congress. His objection
to the bill was, that it admitted of a construction
j which would again open the door for all the Vir-
I gima claims. To avoid that construction, which
; it seemed was not contemplated by the gentleman
! who reported it, he would desire to see the amend-
I ment made.
, Mr. UNDERWOOD hoped that the bill would
; be amended as was desired; but 4ie assured the
I Senator from Vermont that if the bill were suscep-
j tible of the construction which he had described,
j former bills were liable to the same objection,
j Each renewal of the law had been open to the
| same objection. The Senator was mistaken on
the subject. The bill as it stood only related to
j the bounties which it proposed to give to the
j officers and soldiers 'of the revolutionary army,
i upon the continental establishment, and had noth-
j ing whatever to do with the promise of bounties!
; made by the Legislature of Virginia. But lest any
difficulty should arise from the retention of the
I clause to which objection was made, he hoped that
; the amendment would be agreed to, so that the bill
I might at once pass, and these nine hundred soldiers
| of the late war receive the bounties to which they
were entitled.
The question was then taken on the amend-
! ment, and it was agreed to.
1 The bill, as amended, was then reported to the
Senate, read a third time, and passed.
i The Senate then proceeded to consider the bill
j supplementary to the act entitled "An act to legu-
late the exercise of the appellate jurisdiction of the
Supreme Court m certain cases, and for other
purposes," as amended by the House of Repre-
sentatives ; when the further consideration was
postponed, and the amendments ordered to be
printed.
On motion ofMr. WESTCOTT, the prior orders
were postponed, and the Senate proceeded to con-
! sider the bill to provide for additional examining
; clerks in the Patent Office, and for additional fees
| in certain cases, as in Committee of the Whole.
| Mr. LEWIS moved to strike out the words after
| the enacting clause, and to insert .the printed amend-
ment which he sent to the chair.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana. What is the
I amendment?
I Mr. WESTCOTT explained, that the amend-
ment was simply a substitution of the bill passed
by the House of Representatives, which was con-
sidered as more satisfactory than the bill which
; had originated in the Senate.
! Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana. I am m favor
| of the House bill.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill was
reported to the Senate as amended. The amend-
ment having been concurred in, the bill was read
a third time and passed.
[This bill provides for two additional examiners hi the
Patent Office, at salaries of .1-2,500, and two additional assist-
ant examiners, at salaries of .$1,500 per annum, and for three
clerks at §1.200 each per annum.]
The VICE PRESIDENT said that he thought
it respectful to the Senate to give notice of his in-
tention to be absent from the city for some days.
He made this statement, in order that Senators
might be prepared to go into an election for a
Piesident pro tem. at their meeting to-morrow
morning.
THE TEN-REGIMENT BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
to raise, for a limited time, an additional militaiy
force.
Mr. DOUGLAS addressed the Senate at great
length. [A full report of Mr. D.'s speech will be
found in the AppendixJ
On motion of Mr. BELL,
The Senate adjourned.
