286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 2,
gentleman from South Carolina, having been al- j
lowed by the unanimous permission of the House |
to make a personal explanation, had no right to !
extend his remarks beyond what was strictly per- |
sonal to himself, and to go into an answer to the
speech of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Goggin.]
The CHAIR said that this was an abstract
point of order, and, if it even should be decided in
the affirmative, would still leave the question
whether the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Rhett] was departing from what was personal,
and going into a reply to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia. This question the Chair did not feel itself
authorized to decide.
Mr. SMITH. Has the gentleman from South
Carolina a right, then, to make a speech of an
hour in reply to the gentleman from Virginia, un-
der the pretext of making a personal explanation ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has made no such
decision.
Mr. SMITH then said he would modify his
question of order.
The CHAIR remarked, that permissions to
make personal explanations always had been
abused. (He did not say that they had or had
not in the present case.) The only remedy for
the evil would be for the House to make some
specific rule for that end. There being none such
at present, the Chair ruled the gentleman from
South Carolina to be in order.
Mr. SMITH modified his point of order so as
to declare that the gentleman from South Carolina
abused the courtesy of the House by explaining
and defending positions taken by him in a former
speech made in the House; and he took an appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman specifies no
particular remarks as being out of order.
Mr. STEPHENS moved to lay the appeal on
the table.
Mr. SMITH demanded tellers, which were or-
dered.
Mr. GENTRY inquired of the Chair whether,
if the appeal should not be laid upon the table, it
would be debatable?
The CHAIR doubted if it would be.
The question being taken, the appeal was laid
upon the table: Ayes 97, noes 36.
Mr. RHETT resumed. What he had been say-
ing when called to order was peisonal to himself.
He had been observing that the gentleman from I
Virginia, if put m like circumstances, would, he
doubted not, have used the same or even stronger
language than that to which he objected.
Suppose, after Virginia had passed these laws,
the Government of the United States had sent
frigates and sloops-of-war up the James river to
Richmond, and had quartered on the outskirts of
that city a portion of our army, under the com-
mand of the general-in-chief, with the avowed pur-
pose of reducing Virginia to submission by force
of arms, would the gentleman from Virginia have
been very much enamored with " the Government
as administered i" and would he have then been
willing to make the profession of being "ardently
attached to the Union of tluse States ?" I do notask
him as a Democrat, who solemnly believed these
laws to he enforced to be unconstitutional; but [ ask
him, as a Virginian, could he have suppressed feel-
ings of indignation and alienation [would he, if he
could, have suppressed them ?] against a Govern-
ment and Union which had thus added threats and
insults to its oppression? Sir, such was our posi-
tion m South Carolina when your ships-of-war
were in the harbor of Charleston, and a portion of
your army on Sullivan's Island. But although the
gentleman would have said as I did, that " under
the Government, as administered, I have no ardent
attachment to the union of these States," I doubt
whether he—I doubt whether any Republican in
Virginia m 1798—would, tinder such circumstan-
ces, have said what I added in this speech, over-
looked entirely by the gentleman from Virginia in
Ins quotations from it. Certainly the gentleman
would not have said more if he desired to have his
professions believed; and I think it would have
been far more graceful if he had not compelled me
to produce it as a sequence to his quotation.
1 will send it to the Clcik's table to be read.
Mr. BOTTS. I object.
Mr. IU-IETT. Then I will read it myself. He
then read the following:
"Bat,Mr. President,let me not be misiinderstood. When
1 speak of the Union,I speak ofitas itnowis,notasitonce
was. 1 speak ot' the Union with its abuses, not as it ought
to be, without them. I speak ot the Union without the Con-
stitution—destroying the Constitution and the great pnnci
pies of liberty it was intended by our fathers to perpetuate
and secure. For the Constitution of the United States, and
the Union it was intended to create, / mil yield to no one in
my devotion arul attachment. It has been to I such a Union
that we have struggled for yeais, and the hope of reforming
it from what it is aione has rendered our situation tolerable
under its oppressions."
Mr. COLLAMER asked leave to make a per-
sonal explanation.
[Many voices objected.]
Mr. COBB obtained the floor, and was about to
proceed in addressing the Chair.
Mr. COLLAMER earnestly pressed for liberty
to make a very brief explanation.
[Objections and some confusion.]
Mr." COLLAMER. I do not wish to explain
what I said, bat "only to correct an error. [We
have since learned from Mr. C. that the error he
wished to correct in the report of his speech was,
that he was reported to refer to certain "remarks
made m the Senate by the chairman of the Mili-
tary Committee, (Mr. Cass,) instead of the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations, Mr.
Sevier.]
Objection being made to Mr. Collamer's pro-
ceeding—
Mr. COBB was again commencing; when
Mr. VINTON asiced to say a word from the
Committee of Ways and Means.
This, too, was objected to, and a good deal of
confusion arose. The House at length agreed to
hear Mr. VINTON, who said that he had given
notice, on Saturday last, that he would on this
day call up the loan bill. It was important that
that bill should be acted on; but, as there existed
great impatience in the House to close the debate
on the pending resolutions, he should at present
content himself with expressing the hope that the
debate would be closed this day. If, however, it
should not be closed, he here gave notice that at
one o'clock to-morrow he should move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. GOGGIN wished to make a very brief ex-
planation, but the House would not hear of it;
and
The SPEAKER announced that the question
first in order to-day was the concurrence by the
House in the resolutions reported yesterday by
the Committee of the Whole, referring the Presi-
dent's message to appropriate committees; which
question was pending when the House adjourned
yesterday.
Mr. COBB expressed his willingness to yield to
gentlemen for personal explanations, but the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Root] having objected to
any being made, it would be of no avail, and he
would therefore proceed with his remarks. And
he would, in the outset, say to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] who had just intimated his
desire that this debate should be brought to a close,
that they upon his side of the House were dispos-
ed to close the debate, and supposed it would have
been closed when the resolutions were reported
from the Committee of the Whole on the state of
Union. But immediately on their being reported,
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] ob-
tained the floor, and re-opened the discussion.
Any time they thought proper to close it and take
the question, he thought he might safely say, that
they on his side of the House would unt,te with
them in bringing this protracted debateto a close.
Mr. BRODHEAD appealed to Mr. Cobb to
yield the floor, to allow him to move an amend-
ment to the resolutions, bein<£,as was understood,
the substitute moved by him in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. COBB signified his willingness to yield, if
he did not thereby lose his right to the floor. But
The SPEAKER, on the point being raised by
Mr. TOOMBS, decided that he could not yield for
this purpose and retain his right to the floor.
Mr. CORB therefore declined to yield, and
moved an amendment to the 8fh resolution, to add
after the word "personal" the words "and
other," so as to include " other" than " personal"
property in that upon which it is proposed to levy
the tax.
Mr. COBB then proceeded to address the com-
mittee. It has been solemnly asserted (s^id he)
during the piesent session of Congress, and entered
in the form of a solemn vote by the party in the
majority upon this floor upon the records of this
House, that the war in which we are now engaged
with Mexico was " unnecessarily and unconstitu-
tionally begun by the President of the United
States.5* I take it that gentlemen, in voting this
declaration, intend to convey fully the idea which
the language employed by them imports—that the
war is an unnecessary one, that it could easily
have been avoided by the exercise of proper wis-
dom, discretion, and foresight on the part of the
President, if he had been actuated by proper
motives in the various measures which he has
taken in reference to it—in order to sustain the
charge that the war was thus unnecessarily and
unconstitutionally begun by the President, and in
seeking to make him responsible before the country
for all the blood which has been spilt and all the
treasure which has been expended in ihe prosecu-
tion of this war. The effort is made to put the
responsibility of the war upon the order given by
the President of the United States for the removal
of our army from Corpus Christi to the Rio
Grande. That, sir, is the head and front of the
offending of the President of the United States, on
account of which he is charged with having brought
such a calamity and disgrace upon his country as
necessarily result from having the country in-
volved in war with a foreign nation.
It may not be amiss, when we are examining as
to the necessity of this war, as to the original
causes which brought it about, and seeking to find
the individual upon whom the responsibility is
justly chargeable, to inquire what was the state of
feeling and what were the opinions which were
entertained, not only on the part of gentlemen on
this side, but on the other side, of the House, (tor
we were not alone the advocates and supporters
, of annexation,) during the progress of annexation.
; It may be of some service to us to know, at the
| time when these resolutions proposing the annex-
| ation of Texas to the United States were under
| consideration by the Congress of the United States,
j what were the objections which were then urged
: by the opponents of that measure to the mtrodue-
! tion of the Republic of Texas into the Union as
one of our free and sovereign States. I need not
remind gentlemen who were here during that dis-
cussion; I need not remind those who are familiar
with the views taken of this question by the public
men of the country belonging to the opposite paity,
and the public press, which express, or are sup-
posed to express, then* sentiments, what were their
feelings, views, and opinions m reference to the
result which would come upon the country if an-
nexation was carried outas proposed by the friends
of that measure. But it seems really that the
memory of these gentlemen requires to be refreshed
upon this subject. They have forgotten that at
the time the measure was pending before Con-
gress, and before the country, we, who were the
friends of the measure, were met by them with
the declaration, which then sounded all over the
country as a great objection to annexation, that,
in the event that annexation was earned out, war
j with Mexico would be the necessary result. We
• were told at that time, if you carry out this work
! of perfidy and iniquity towards the Republic of
I Mexico, you will necessarily give to that Republic
| cause of offence, such as will inevitably involve
1 you in a state of war. These things should not
I pass away from the memory of gentlemen. They
, ought to rccollect that at that time they held up
| before us the black picture of war between the
! United States and Mexico, and upon the con-
• sciences of those who supported that measure
I they endeavored to throw all the blood and all the
I waste of treasure which would result if theannex-
! ation was perfected.
! Sir, if this was true, if the position then assumed
, by gentlemen was well founded, if they were hon-
I est and sincere m the declaration that they then
! sent forth to the country, I ask how U is now that
; all this responsibility which then rested upon the
! friends of the measure in advocating, supporting,
! voting for the resolutions of annexation, is to be
; wiped out and forgotten, and the whole of it to be
' brought up and charged upon the conscience of
| the President of the United States, for having, as
' they now derlnfe, involved us in a war which was
; " unnecessary,"and which could have been avoid-
j ed if proper prudence, discretion, and foresight had
; been exercised by him? Not only did gentlemen
' then declare that war would be the result of an-
i nexation, but they went \>ne step further, and
I declared that the annexation of Texas was ipso
