1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
facto war. Sir, I desire to call the attention of the
House and the country to the declarations that
were then put forth be/ore the country by the op-
ponents of annexation, and to compare them with
the declaration which they had now so solemnly,
under the obligations of their official oaths, put
upon the records of Congress, charging the Presi-
dent of the United States with having involved the
country in an unnecessary and unconstitutional
war. They then not only declared that annexa-
tion would result in war, but that the annexation
of Texas per se was war. Now, if the annexation
of Texas, by the act itself, was war, and war was
thus commenced between the Republic of Mexico'
and the United States, I desire to know how it is
that this same war was begun by the President of
the United States? But to show what were the
declarations of these gentlemen at this time, I will
read a single paragraph from a speech—and it was
the first speech delivered in the Houre of Repre-
sentatives on the resolutions for the annexation of
Texas—delivered on January 4, 1845, by the hon-
orable gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. J. R.
Ingerrohl :]
" A question had sometimes been made whether annexa-
tion with Texas would lead to war with Mexico. Mr. I. did
not consider th.it to be a true statement of the case. An-
nexation with TexOft was of itself, and of necessity, war
with Mexico. How could it be otherwise? A war existed
between tnese two couniries. Whether civii or loreign in
its nature, whether fiercely or sluggishly carried on, was not
the point. * * * If Texas should become a part of the
United States, that part kept alive the war in winch it was
engaged, and every part of the United States adopted and
assumed it."
It is due (Mr. C. said) to the honorable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, who I see is not in
his scat, to state, that in the examination of
the vote upon the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Asiimun,] declaring the
war to have been unnecessarily and unconstitution-
ally begun by the President of the United States,
I do not find that he voted in the affirmative; and
I have not read this extract for the purpose of in-
volving him in personal inconsistency, but as an
exposition of the ground taken by the gentlemen
of the opposite party pending the question of an-
nexation, as a sentiment which was responded to
by a very large proportion of the people of this
country who agree with, and belong to, the same
political party with the gentleman.
I desire, however, to call your attention to an
extract of a speech made by the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] in which that gentle-
man reiterated,and with equal force, the sentiments
expressed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania;
#nd I do find that the gentleman from Vermont is
one of the number who have now declared upon
the records of this Congress that this war was un-
necessarily and unconstitutionally begun by the
President of the United States. The gentleman
from Vermont said, in a speech delivered in this
House on the 23d January, 1845:
" My next objection is, that it is a war with Mexico. It
is not, .ii ha-> been iiiHsted, only a matter for which Mexico
nmv declare war, but will not. Mexico claims Toxu-; as a
revolted province, and is now at war with her to reduce her.
This Mcxieo has the undoubted right to do, if s^ie can. Of
this rii^lu none can depuvo her, without her consent. Tins
is an existing war; and, lot who would participate, Mexico
may pio^eeute it without any new declaration of war."
Such was the declaration of the gentleman from
Vermont at the time that the joint resolutions for
the annexation of Texas were pending before Con-
gress. Tie declared that the moment the resolu-
tions weie passed, and became the law of the land,
■war existed' between Mexico and the United States.
If so, I want to know at what time that war ceased,
and at what time the present war was begun by the
President of the United States, as gentlemen affirm
it was.
Flere is the plain, positive, unequivocal declara-
tion that annexation, is tear; and yet we are now
solemnly told, and gentlemen have entered upon
the records of Congress their declaration, that the
war exists, or was begun by the President of the
United States. I would like to be infoimed whether
there has been any cessation in the war alluded to
by the gentleman from Vermont, as having been
begun by annexation; and, if so, where was the
commencement of the war which gentlemen now
declare to have been unnecessarily and unconstitu-
tionally be<run by the President of the United
States? It is with the gentleman and his party to
reconcile these conflicting statements.
Mr. VINTON interposed, wishing to ask the
gentleman from Georgia one question, and (Mr.
C. yielding) inquired if the friends of annexation,
at the time of .annexation, admitted it was war?
Mr. COBB. No, sir. They did not admit it;
nor do the friends of annexation involve them-
selves in any inconsistency by assuming one posi-
tion at that time and another now. We stand on
the same ground now which we then occupied.
We declared then that annexation was no just
cause of offence to Mexico; that it ought not right-
fully to involve this country in any war. Sir, a
distinguished Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Webster,] since the declaration of war, has de-
clared the same thing, which we did previous to
that event.
Mr. COLLAMER (Mr. Cobb yielding) inquired
whether, after the annexation of Texas, the Pres-
dent, in his next annual massage, did not state
that we were in a state of peace?
Mr. COBB. Yes, beyond all question, the Pres-
ident did so state. But how does that relieve the
gentleman from the inconsistency of his position?
Are you bound by whatever the President says?
Mr. COLLAMER (Mr, Cobb again yielding)
stated that he had then said that he thought annexa-
tion was war; but as Congress must receive infor-
mation from thePresident astothestateofthecoun-
try, especially of its foreign relations, and as the
President, after annexation had been consummated,
said we were in a state of peace, if this information
was correct, the war must have begun from some
other cause.
Mr. COBB. Do 1 understand the gentleman
from Vermont to say, then, that thePresident satis-
fied him that he [IVlr. Collamer] was originally
wrong? [A laugh.] Do I understand the gentle-
man from Vermont no longer to believe that an-
nexation was war'
Mr. COLLAMER. ft was an act of war by the
law of nations; but the President did not treat it
so, and therefore I took him on his own ground.
Mr. COBB, (resuming.) If the gentleman takes
the President by the ground he assumes, he must
allow that his mind has been convinced of his for-
mer error by the agency of the President. The
gentleman cannot say at one time before Congress
that such and such are his opinions, and after-
wards, when he asserts contradictory opinions,
say he does so on the ground, that although he
believes he was at first right, yet he is told by the
President of the United States that he was wrong.
Are the gentlemen on that side of the House will-
ing thus to place themselves in the attitude before
the country of pinning their faith to the sleeve of
the President ? Or is it an attempt to justify them-
selves in so glaring an inconsistency by the attempt
to throw the burden of it off of their own shouldets
and on to the President of the United States ? Were
gentlemen to come here under the solemnities which
were thrown upon the official acts of members of
this House, and put upon record the solemn dec-
laration of a fact, and afterwards say to the coun-
try, 1 did it not because 1 believed it, but because
the President took that position? That was the
sum and substance of the explanation of the gen-
tleman from Vermont; and 1 seriously doubt
whether a better one can be given by any of the
gentlemen who are involved with him in this awk-
ward position before the country. I apprehend
that these things may have passed away from the
memory of the honorable gentleman from Ver-
mont, and I recommend to him to bestow rather
more reflection upon them before he undertakes to
reconcile these contradictory statements of opin-
ions.
I have the speeches before me assuming the same
position, of other gentlemen, some of whom are
now members of this House, and who, like the
gentleman from Vermont, have now voted that the
war was unnecessarily and unconstitutionally be-
gun by the President. I will not trouble the
House by reading further; my object is simply to
present the fact to the attention of the House and
the country, that the Whig party, in reference to
the annexation of Texas and the war, now occupy
a position wholly irreconcilable with the one
taken by them at the time the resolutions for the
annexation of Texas were pending before Con-
gress. There were three classes of opinions ex-
pressed by gentlemen who were opposed to annex-
ation : one class contended that annexation would
be cause of war; another that it would necessarily
involve the country in war; and the third took the
strong position assumed by my friend from Ver-
mont, that annexation was war per-se. Now, I ap-
peal to the candor of gentlemen on the opposite side
of the House to say with what,propriety, with what
justice do you call down the indignation :of this
country upon the head of the President of theUni-
ted States for a war which some of you say was
the necessary consequence of annexation, and
which others of you say was identical with the
act of annexation ? I ask you to wipe out this
record; blot it out; let it not go down to posterity
side by side with the contradictory statement made
by you on a former occasion.
But I wish to inquire for a moment what are the
reasons and motives which govern gentlemen on
the other side of the House in thus changing their
position on this question. Why are you not now
disposed to hold the consciences of the men who
originally brought about the annexation of Texas—
who advocated by their votes, sustained and passed
through both Houses of Congress, this measure—
and who thus, as you then said, brought about
this war,—responsible for the waste of blood and
treasure which has been occasioned by it?. I con-
fess, in looking over the whole subject, and en-
deavoring to satisfy my mind whether or not any
good reason exists for this change, I have been
unable to discover any. I can find but one reason,
which I am compelled to believe has been the con-
trolling one in bringing about this change of posi-
tion on your part; and it is this: so long as you
continued to charge that annexation involved us
in war—that annexation was ipso facto war—so
long was the present President of the United States
irresponsible. No point could be made upon Mr.
Polk, no attack could be pushed against this Ad-
ministration in consequence of this war, unless
some means were resorted to to place the origin of
it on other grounds than the act of annexation,
which existed prior to Mr. Polk's coming into
power. I see no other reason for this glaring in- .
consistency, unless it be the attempt to relieve gen-
tlemen on the opposite side of the House, who
participated in bringing about annexation, from
their due proportion of the responsibility, if re-
sponsibility they will have it, of involving the
country in war. What other motive could actuate
gentlemen? Why is it that the eloquence of gen-
tlemen against annexation has been hushed? I
confess myself unable to find any other motives.
I desire to call attention for a moment, among
the facts connected, as is alleged by gentlemen,
with the commencement of this war, to the order
of the President of the United States through the
Secretary of War, for the march of our army from
Corpus Christi to the Rio Grande. I desire to
place before the country, and before my immediate
constituents, facts which not only justify the Pres-
ident in the issuing of that order, but which, if he
had failed to do it, would have rendered him justly
reprehensible before Congress and the country for
a failure to do his duty. If he had failed to give
that order, if he had failed to make the necessary
preparations for the defence of the territory of the
State of Texas, as claimed by that State,gentlemen
who now charge the responsibility of this war
upon him would have been eloquent in their de-
nunciations of the imbecility and want of energy
on the part of the Executive. What are the facts?
Annexation had taken place when the present
President came into power; the Mexican minister
had notified this Government previous to annexa-
tion what would be the opinion of his Government
if annexation were carried out, that it would be
just cause of war. Immediately after the joint res-
olutions of annexation had received the sanction of
the different departments of this Government ne-
cessary to give validity to them, and had become a
law, the minister of Mexico enters his solemn pro-
test against the act, demands his passports, and by
order of his Government destroys the existing dip-
lomatic relations between the two Governments,
and returns to his own country. Now, on the re-
turn of their minister from this Government to
Mexico, what is the feeling existing on the part of
the Mexican Government? I ask gentlemen to re-
flect for a single moment. They were determined
at that time, and had so declared before the world,
upon the reconquest of Texas; they were making
all their arrangements and preparations for war.
War was the only alternative, as determined by
the Republic of Mexico long prior to the issuing of
the order of the President of the United States for
the advance of our troops from Corpus Christi. I
wish to call attention to the orders issued from the
War Department of Mexico, under date of July
