288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 2.
12,1845, wherein the officers in command through-
out the different States of that Republic were called
upon to recruit and raise the necessary troops for
the defence of the territory, including the whole of
Texas.
" Office of War and Ma.rine, )
" Section of Operations, )
" The United States have consummated the perfidy against
Mexico hy sanctioning the decree which declares the an-
nexation of the department of Texas to that Republic. The
inju>tice of that usurpation is apparent, and Mexico cannot
tolerate such a grave injury without making an effort to
prove to the United States the possibility of her ability to
cause her rights to be respected. With this object, the Su-
preme Government has resolved upon a declaration of war
against that Power, seeing that our torhearance, instead of
being received as a proof of our friendly disposition, has
been interpreted into an acknowledged impossibility on our
part to carry on a successful war.
11 Such an error, on the part ot the United States, will be
advantageous to Mexico, because, suddenly abandoning its
pacific attitude, it will to-morrow communicate to Congress
the declaration of war, and excite the patriotism of its citi-
zens to sustain the dignity of the nation afid the integrity of
its territory, now tieacherously attacked, in utter disregard
of all guarantees recognized in this enlightened age.
"Yon "will readil> appieciate the importance of this sub-
ject, and the necessity of preparing the troops under your
command to march towards any point which may tequire
protection against these most unju&t aggicssions. I am
directed by the Provisional President to enjoin you, as gen-
eral-in-chief of your division, and as a citizen of tins Re-
public, to hold yourself in readiness to repel those who seek
the ruin of Mexico. The Government is occupied m cover-
ing the deficient points on the frontiers, and in collecting
the necessary means, so that nothing may be wanting to
those whose glory it will be to defend th^; sacred rights of
their country.
" I have the honor to communicate for your intelligence,
and to direct your conduct.
" God and liberty! GARCIA CONDE.
" Mexico, July 10,1S45."
This was July 12, 1845. I could follow it up
by reading other similar orders, down to the 12th
of* August of the same year, when we have orders
from General Arista to the troops in his command,
in which he says to them that u the time to fight is
come," and that " the supreme Executive'' " had
demanded a declaration of war from Congress against
that unjust nation," (the United States.)
When did all this occur? It occurred prior to
the issuing of this order by the President of the
United States, which gentlemen undertake to as-
sign as the cause of the war—twelve months prior
to the removal of our troops from Corpus Christi.
Immediately before the annexation of Texas—
before the passage through Congress of the joint
resolutions for that purpose, and not only so, but
at the very time when this state of things existed
in Mexico—a revolution was gotten up in that
Republic, for the express purpose of destroying
the administration of Herrera, because Herrera.
manifested a willingness to treat with our Gov-
ernment. Herrera's administration had, through
Mr. Black, given intimation to this Government,
that our minister or commissioner, as you please,
would be received by the Republic of Mexico.
Well, at this very time, in the department of San
Louis Potosi, where this revolution against Her-
rera's government was gotten tip, a manifesto was
adopted by the army of reserve, declaring that the
government of Herrera ought to be overthrown;
for what reason? Because it had permitted a min-
ister from the United States to put his foot on
Mexican soil. But here is an extract from the
manifesto; it justified the movement against Her-
rera's administration on the ground that it—
"Had repeatedly thwarted the purpose of the army to
move upon Texas, and at the same time allowed the army
to be vilified for its inaction by official journals; that it had
admitted a commissioner, [meaning Mr. Shdell.] with whom
it wa-j endeavoring to ariange for the loss of the integrity of
the Republic: that it had reduced the countiy almost to a
state of anarchy, in the midst of which it existed, without
Revenue, without power, and almost without will; that these
evila demanded an immediate ictnedy, and that the Adminis-
tration eonfe-^ed its total incompetency and powcrle-ssnerfs *
that it had lo-?t all respectability, so necessary to a Govern-
ment, and had allowed a plenipotentiary of the United States
to set foot in the country, and reside in the capital, with a
view to bargain for the independence and nationality of the
country, for which have been made so many sacrifices."
That was the ground on which the administra-
tion of Herrera was sought to be overthrown at
that time. 1 am now appealing to witnesses fur-
nished by the Republic of Mexico herself, to show
where was the origin of the war, how it was com-
menced, and by whom. It may, perhaps, be
recollected, that when, on a former occasion, I allu-
ded to this fact of the government of Herrera
being overthrown, in consequence of its pacific
disposition towards the United States, a question
was raised as to the correctness of that position.
I now refer gentlemen to the manifesto which I
have just read, which they must consider conclu-
sive on the point, that those who were the prime
movers in getting up this insurrection against the
administration of Herrera, did it on the ground
that it was pacifically disposed towards the United
States.
But I have still stronger authority for this asser-
tion, in the correspondence which took place very
recently at the city of Mexico, between Mr. Trist,
the commissioner on the part of the United States,
and the authorities of the Republic of Mexico, in
which it appears, from the letter of Herrera him-
self, when appointed a commissioner on the part
of Mexico to treat with the commissioner on the
part of the United States, that he refused to accept
his appointment on the ground that his Govern-
ment had been overthrown bccause it had attempted
to settle this very difficulty by peaceful negotia-
tions. When this refusal was returned to the
authorities of Mexico, they did not question the
fact on which it was based, but, by way of con-
firmation of my position on this question, said,
why Herrera should be one of these commission-
ers for this very reason. I think, then, that I am
fully sustained m the position that thegovernment
of Herrera was overthrown, because it manifested
pacific dispositions towards the Government of the
United States, and the government of Paredes was
established m its place.
The state of things which brought about this
result was going on there; manifestoes and pro-
nuneiamentos were being sued; the world was
notified of the intention of Mexico to go to war
for Texas; nevertheless the President of the United
States, in his effort to bring about a peaceable set-
tlement of the difficulties, appoints Mr. Slidell min-
ister to the Republic of Mexico, and Mr. Slidell
goes: for what purpose? Gentlemen say that the
President had no purpose save involving the coun-
try in war. Why did he send this minister there?
It is apparent from the correspondence at the time
that the government of Herrera was disposed to
receive him when he was first sent; but in conse-
quence of the effort which was then going on, and
which resulted three or four days after in his
overthrow, the government of Herrera positively
declined to receive our minister. When that in-
formation was received by the President of the
United States, this order for the advance of our
army was issued. Now, I ask if, upon a review
of these facts—if, looking at the repeated declara-
tions of Mexico, that the annexation of Texas to
the United States would be just cause of war—if,
looking at the preparations which had been made
by the Republic of Mexico for the purpose of car-
rying on the war—at the refusal of that Govern-
ment even to receive our minister, and the refusal
based on a mere pretext, as I have high authority
(which gentlemen on the opposite side of the
House will admit) for saying,—when all this had
been done, I ask if it was not the duty of the
President of the United States to put the army of
this Government in such a position as to protect
the State of Texas within such limits as Texas
claimed?
Why, if there had been a doubt as to the proper
western boundary of Texas, this would have in-
fluenced our Government whilst negotiations were
pending ; but as soon as they had failed, when
there was no reasonable prospect that they would
be resumed, I appeal to the candor of every one
whether it was not the duty of the President of the
United States to pursue such a policy as to give
protection to the State of Texas, such as Texas
claimed it to be; in other words, if the matter in
dispute was to be settled by arms, if Mexico still
persisted in her determination to wage war upon
the United States for the reconquest of Texas,
their " revolted province," as they termed it, was
it not the duty of the United States to be in such a
position by her army as that she could protect the
whole territory of one of the sovereign States of
this Union as that State claimed it? I put it to
gentlemen on the other side to say, if, with this full
conviction resting on his mind that Mexico was
determined to wage war for the reconquest of
Texas, it was not the duty of the President of the
United States not to keep our troops at any post in
the interior of the State of Texas, not at any point
which he believed was not the proper boundary
of Texas? When that question was answered,
when gentlemen told him that, with such a convic-
tion resting on their mind3, they would permit a
portion of the country which they believed to be
the territory of the United States to be invaded by
the troops of Mexico, then I will be prepared to
attach some weight to their denunciations against
the President of the United States for his removal
of our forces from Corpus Christi to the Rio
Grande. But no gentleman will take such a posi-
tion, I am satisfied.
Sir, there were other things that transpired im-
mediately after the failure of these negotiations
and the issuing of this order, which, instead of
casting anyreproach on the President of the United
States, only evidenced his foresight and his wis-
dom in the conduct of the existing difficulties be-
tween the two countries. I allude to the fact of
the orders issued on the 6th and 17th of April by
Paiedes, instructing the Mexican army upon the
Rio Grande, to cross the Rio Grande and take the
initiative of the tear, which they had declared al-
ready to exist, or which they had declared should
exist on account of the annexation of Texas—an
act, they said, ofinjustice to the Republic of Mexico.
They instructed their army to take the initiative.
Now, if they had known of the orderand removal
of our troops from the Nueces to the Rio Grande,
and if the Republic of Mexico considered it, as
gentlemen on the other side now consider it, to
have been the commencement of the war, how
could Paredes direct his troops to take the initiative
of the war? If, on the contrary, he did not know
it, it showed a deteimination on the part of that
Government to commence this war without any
reference to the removal of our troops from Corpus
Christi to the Rio Grande. The tiuth is, at that
time the proposition which was presented to the
President of the United States under these consid-
erations was the defence of all of Texas, as Texas
claimed, or the abandonment of all of Texas.
But I desire to allude to another consideration,
which operated with great weight on the mind of
the President at the time this order was given; I
refer to the recommendation given to the War De-
partment from the commanding general of the
army in Texas. I refer to this recommendation
of General Taylor for the purpose of replying
particularly to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Thompson,] who, in reply to the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. McLane,] as to the subject of
the recommendations of General Taylor, declared,
as I understand, that General Taylor had retracted
his original recommendation made to the Presi-
dent of the United States in favor of the removal
of our troops from Corpus Christi to the Rio
Grande. That may be the construction of this
correspondence by the gentleman from Indiana;
but, so far as I have been able to judge of it, the
very contrary of this is the fact; so far from re-
tracting his recommendation in his letter of Octo-
ber 4, 1845, General Taylor's letter of November
7, 1845, is in stronger terms, and recommends the
advance of the army on the supposition of the very
state of things m which the President ordered it.
This is an extract from his despatch of the 4th of
October:
"It is with deference that I make any suggestions on
topics which may bccome matter of delicate negotiation;
b it if our Government, in settling the question of boundai <•,
makes the line of the liio Grande an ultimatum, I cannot
doubt that the settlement will be greatly facilitated and
hastened by our taking possession at once of one or two
suitable points on or quite near that river. Our strength
and state of preparation should be displajed in a manner
not to be mistaken.. However salutary maybe the effect
produced upon the border people by our presence here, we
are too far from the trontier to impress the Government of
Mexico with our readiness to vindicate, by force of arm*-, if
necessary, our utlc to the country I'm as the Rio Grande.
The ' army of occupation' will, in a few diy«; be concen-
trated at this point, in condition for vigorous and efficient
service. Mexico having as >et made no positive declaration
of war, or committed anj overt act of hostilities. I do not
feel at hberu, under my instructions, particularly those of
July 8, to make a forward movement to the Rio Grande,
without authority from the War Depaitment."*
In this despatch General Taylor recommends
that the troops be removed to some point on the
Rio Grande, and he puts in the condition, that in
the event the United States make " the line of the
Rio Grande ail ultimatum." is this recommenda-
tion one of a military character ? Does he recom-
mend that the army take position as one where
they can successfully contend with the army of
Mexico' JN'o; it is on political reasons, because
such a movement on the part of our army will
have the happiest effect on the negotiations going on
between the two Governments. JJid the President
ot the United States take advantage of this recom-
mendation of the commanding general to order our
troops forward touhe Rio Grande? If the Presi-
