290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 2,
New York—a gentleman who did his duty; did
what he was bound to do, entertaining the opinions
he entertained; who made, I presume, an hftnest
effort to bring back the army from the Rio Grande
to the Nueces.
Herethehammerfell,andMr. O.'s hour expired.
Mr. STEPHENS then obtained the floor, and
addressed the committee. [A full report of Mr.
S.'s speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, said he had not
intended to address the House when he entered
the Hall this morning; but, after listening to what
had just fallen from the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Stephens,] he felt it his duty to speak. It
was from feeling, and not from any previous pre-
paration, that he now rose.
The gentleman from Georgia had told the House
that the people would rise in their majesty and put
down this war. He would like that gentleman to
show him the time or the place in which the people
had ever yet risen to put down any war in which
the country had been engaged. They never had
" put down"any war that they themselves, through
their representatives, declared. And though this
present war had not been formally, and in so many
words declared by their representatives here, yet a
vote of supplies, both in men and money, had been
, passed, which was equivalent, in effect, to the most
explicit and formal declaration of war.
The House and the country had been told, he
did not know how often, that the President had
himself made the war; yet the gentleman himself
admitted that the annexation of Texas (which was
done by the votes of Congress) was considered as
itself an'act of war. Yes; and the gentleman might
have gone further, and said that Mexico consider-
ed it in the same light. She had withdrawn her
minister the moment that act was consummated,
and had thus placed herself in the attitude of war.
She complained of the annexation as an outrage;
and, if gentlemen would read the several notes ad-
dressed by the Mexican Government to our minis-
ter, Mr. Slidell, they would see that all they treated
about was the compensation that we were to make
to Mexico for having robbed her of Texas. Now,
Mr. B. took it for granted, that in the instructions
given to Mr. Slidell, none would be found as to
making satisfaction to Mexico for the act of annex-
ation. JNo such intention could for a moment have
been entertained anywhere. The gentleman would
look in va_in for any act under Mr. Polk's adminis-
tration which admitted annexation to be a matter
of war. On the contrary, search where he might,
he would find in every instruction given, the strong-
est disposition manifested in favor of peace, and
that on terms honorable to all parties.
The gentleman from Georgia had said that the
true origin of this war never would be known until
the secrets of Mr. Slidell's instructions should
come forth to light. If so, then it was obvious
that there was nothing to be found in all the public
documents to show its origin in this Administra-
tion. Let gentlemen search and look; they would
find, in all the instructions given, whether to Gen-
eral Taylor or Mr. Slidell, no disposition to exas-
perate; but, on the contrary, everything calculated
to soothe and to conciliate. On the first remon-
strance of Mexico, thePresident had withdrawn our
vessels of war lest Mexico should appear to nego-
tiate under some shadow of duresse. All had been
done sedulously to avoid all irritation, so that the
fullest opportunity might be afforded for negotia-
tions of peace.
From the very beginning this had been the
temper of this Government. When Almonte, the
Mexican minister, threatened to withdraw, declar-
ing that annexation would be understood by Mex-
ico as war, everything had been said to him to
cpnvince him that we had no wish or purpose of
making war. Mexico had got the idea that our
President cherished some secret covert purpose
hostile to Mexico, and intended finally to go to
war with her. And the Whigs seemed to be pos-
sessed with the same imagination. 'They dreamed
that in the secret instructions to Mr. Slidell would
be found some directions showing that it was the
policy of the Administration to get up a Mexican
war, in order to found a claim on her for territory.
Now, Mr. B, hvi risen merely with a view to
show that no such purpose ever had existed, but
that, contrary to our wishes and efforts, the war
had been forced upon us by Mexico herself.
Mr. Buchanan, writing to our consul, (Mr.
Black,) informed him that he had received an inti-
mation that Mexico was inclined to treat for peace;
and directing him to inquire, in a very delicate and
cautious manner, whether such was the case. In
reply to the inquiry, the Mexican Government
said, that an envoy, if sent by us, would be re-
ceived; but not a word was added as to the time
at which he was to come; yet when he came, the
complaint was, that he had come too soon—before
he was expected—before they were ready for him.
He waited till they should get ready—all the
while telling them that, on our part, he was ready
to treat; but, as had been observed by the gentle-
man from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,] the administra-
tion of Herrera was overthrown precisely because
it had shown a willingness to make peace with the
United States. Paredes and his army were deter-
mined there should be no peace: they appealed to
the national pride and obstinacy; and succeeding,
the people put down Herrera, and set up Paredes
in his place.
This was'the very moment that Mr. Slidell was
waiting, and even suing, for an opportunity to ne-
gotiate. So opposed were they to every idea of
making peace with us, that while our minister was
at their door waiting to make a treaty of peace,
they chose a man for President on the express
ground that he would make no peace. Could it,
then, be true that the cause of the war was the
advance of our troops to the Rio Grande? No
such charge had ever been made by Mexico her-
self. The Whigs indeed said so: but where could
they find the least trace of such an accusation by
the Mexicans ? They said, that even when nations
were actually at war, that was no reason why a
public minister could not be received from the
hostile Power: at the same time they refused
to receive ours, unless he came to treat about
the reparation we were to make them for having
annexed Texas to the United States. Annexation
was no cause of war. The Whigs themselves
now admitted this. Mr. Webster had admitted it:
so had Mr. Reverdy Johnson: the Whigs began to
give it up. They knew full well that annexation
was no just cause of war. Indeed, Mr. B. thought
that in their great anxiety to presevve peace, Mr.
Polk's administration had stooped too low. Mr.
B. was for peace; he considered peace to be the
mission of this Union; but the desire of peace
might be carried too far. He would not say, that
previously to the actual annexation of Texas, our
Government had been too submissive and concili-
atory; but he would say, that in his judsment,
there had been rather too much of this since Texas
was annexed. To make inquiry beforehand of
Mexico whether, if we sent a minister he would
be received, was certainly stooping too low ; it
looked too much like suing for peace. The in-
structions to our minister, when they should be
published, would evince to all by how strong a
desire for peace the Administration had been actu-
ated. Mr. B. called upon gentlemen, he chal-
lenged them to show where this Administration
had, in any single instance, urged on our armies,
where there was the least opening for pacific ne-
gotiation. After the glorious victories of Palo
Alto and Resaca our army paused, and an oppor-
tunity was given for negotiation. After the most
gallant capture of Monterey, another pause took
place, and another chance was given to make peace.
After the immortal field of Buena Vista, the same
thing took place. After the bombardment of Vera
Cruz and the capture of the castle of San Juan
de Ulua, we sent a commissioner to offer them
peace. When, afterward, our victorious army
had cut its way to the very gates of Mexico, in-
stead of pushing on to a triumphant entry, we
paused again. We abstained from burning their
capital, and asked them even then to make a treaty
of peace. We sent the messenger of peace side by
side with the messenger of war. We had not then
asked them either for land or money, and they
treacherously pretended to mget our overtures, and
an armistice was concluded; but, immediately af-
ter, they had used it most perfidiously in strength-
ening their fortifications. They refused the olive
branch we held out to them, and compelled us to
renew the fight. Mr. B. would now ask the gen-
tleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] whether
the Whigs would have been willing to accept
what Mexico offered to Mr. Trist as the basis of
a treaty ?
Mr. COLLAMER said the gentleman seemed
to pause: was it in expectation of a reply ? If so,
he was ready to answer him.
Mr. BROWN (resuming) said, he had not
expected an answer. He had no doubt that the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] and
perhaps some twenty or thirty gentlemen on that
side of the House, of his own way of thinking,
would have accepted them and gone behind the
Nueces; but he well knew that the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Stephens] would consent to no such
degrading terms. That gentleman, he was well
assured, wanted, when he went home to honora-
ble constituents, to tell them he had voted for an
honorable peace. /
But, supposing the march of our troops to the
Rio Grande was, as gentlemen affirmed, the true
cause of the war, had not General Taylor himself
repeatedly urged that very measure on the Govern-
ment? Let gentlemen examine his correspond-
ence, and they would find that he recommended
that our army should take post on the Rio Grande
three months before the advance was actually or-
dered. And after it had taken place, he wrote to
the department that the effect had been salutary.
While it was, in one aspect of it, a war-measure,
in another aspect it was a peace-measure, and iu
effect would be to hasten pending negotiations and
bring about a peace. The gentleman from Geor-
gia had shown that he had a heart as well as a
mind. General Taylor well knew that no laurels
worth the wearing could be won by a war with
Mexico. He never would think of putting a crown
upon his head thaj; was stained with blood. But
if the march he advised was an unnecessary and
the war an unconstitutional one, the act was mur-
der in the sight both of God and man. If so, then
all those who had voted supplies to carry it on,
were accessories after the fact. If the war was
unjust; if in going to the Rio Grande we were
marching into the possessions of a friendly Power;
if we were carrying bloodshed and death into the
midst of friends and peaceful neighbors, how, in
the name of Heaven, would gentlemen vote a dol-
lar for such a purpose ? And how dare they, on
their own showing, deny that they were acces-
sories to a murder? They were the men who had
placed ten millions of money and fifty thousand
men in the hands of the President to enable him to
make that very advance. By that act they said to
him, " Go on; you are in the right; go ahead."
! That was the meaning of the vote of supply. The
! act itself spoke plainly; and no speeches of gen-
| tlemen here could succeed in frittering its meaning
j away. The eyes of the people were wide open to
i what was doing, and gentlemen attempted in vain
! to blind them.
From one passage in a letter of General Taylor's,
Mr. B. inferred that he must have recommended
something which did not appear, but on which the
Government had acted, before the spot was selected
opposite to Matamoros. The general says he is
happy to find that his recommendations met the
approbation of the Government. And when the
Executive directed him not to interfere with the
military posts of Mexico on the river, but to take
post somewhere upon its banks, the general said
that this was "m accordance with Ms own views
previously expressed,1' or words to that effect.
Mr. B. took it for granted that he must have laid
down some general plan of operations, which em-
braced his own advance to the river, but did not
propose any direct interference with the Mexican
posts. He tells the depaitment that he had antici-
pated the order to remove west of the Nueces.
Yet*the Opposition attempted to turn the whole
argument against the war on the order to advance
to the river. This might be important in a party
view.
Somehow or other, these gentlemen and the
Mexicans always came to agree. The Mexicans,
when the prefect of Tamauhpas came to meet
j General Taylor, told him that advancing beyond
| the Nueces was war. In this the Whigs agreed
with them. Whenever the one took up a notion,
and laid any stress upon it, the other always agreed
in it. They had once insisted that annexation
was the cause of the wai, but now that was given
up, and it was all put in that "fatal order" to
| advance to the Rio Grande. It was surely, then,
important to know what was the real object of
the order. General Taylor recommended it as
a peace-measure. [Mr. 13. here quoted a letter of
General Taylor's, dated on the 14th of October,
recommending that if the Administration meant
to insist on the Rio Grande as our boundary, it was
important for our army to occupy certain points
