1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
oil that river.] And, again, when on the march,
he wrote that the measure had had" a happy effect,
and that his anticipations in that respect had been
justified.
The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Collamer]
liad yesterday given the House some salutary les-
sons against imputing to each other evil motives;
but what sort of motives had the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Stephens] imputed to the Presi-
dent? If it was possible the gentleman could
believe what he said, he ought at once to vote
to impeach the President The gentleman had
charged the President witft a desire to place Gen-
eral Taylor in a position where he must either
be whipped or cut off. Yes, the gentleman had
•directly charged the President of the United States
with a desire to see an American army whipped,
and its commanding general cut off. Did the gen-
tleman really believe this.? Could there be a higher
crime committed on the earth than to form such a
wish and attempt to put it into effect? But, no;
the gentleman did not believe it—he could not
believe it. There was not a man in the United
States who did believe it. No American could be
brought to believe that the Executive or his Cabi-
net entertained a wish to see an army of Ameri-
cans cut off. Such a wish would be quite too
contrary to the gentleman's darling theory, that
the President; without authority or necessity, had
rushed into an unconstitutional war.
The gentleman from Georgia had indulged in
one beautiful flight. He had'invoked the Genius
of Liberty—that Genius who had watched over
the birth of Washington; and had said that this
■same Genius came down again to protectTaylor's
army at Buena Vista. Very beautiful. Now, Mr.
B. presumed that this Genius of Liberty must be
some celestial being—a spirit from above, not from
beneath—it came from heaven on both missions.
But what a position did the gentleman place him-
self in, and all his Whig friends! They were all
denouncing as wicked and damnable the war in
which we were engaged, and yet a good being,
direct from heaven, the very same that watched at
the birthplace of Washington, came down, and with
guardian wings protected Taylor and his army
while they were slaughtering and butchering, by
thousands, poor, innocent, unoffending Mexicans!
Only think of it. It reminded Mr. B. of the lan-
guage of a smuggler, who, writing to an accom-
plice, told hinTthat Providence had favored them
with a very dark night, so that they got the whole
cargo safely landed. [A laugh.]
But tlius it was with their friends over the way.
To-day the cause of the war was one thing, to-
morrow it was another. One day they declared
the war unconstitutional, unnecessary, and mere
murder and robbery, and the next day they voted
supplies to carry it on. One day they voted a
refusal to withdraw our armies, and the day fol-
lowing they voted that what our army was doing
was unconstitutional and unnecessary. And they
crowned all by informing the world that the Ge
nius of Liberty hovered over them for protection
while they were massacring the innocent and the
unoffending.
If Mr. B. believed one half of what'these gen-
tlemen said, he never could vote a supply bill. He
would not do it. How could he? A potential
voice from Ashland had declared that Congress
were bound to declare the purpose and objects
of the war. Yet here had Congress been two
months in session, and what had been done? Be-
fore Congress met, it had been predicted that the
minority would combine to interrupt business, and
thwart everything attempted by the majority. And
how had that prediction been accomplished ? Mr.
B. insisted that they had done all they could do to
further the business' of the nation. They had
done their utmost to stop unnecessary debate; they
had tried to prevent adjournments. When they
had voted to fix a day to close debate, their vote
had been rescinded by gentlemen on the other side.
The war, which now seemed to pause, might break
out afresh, and pur army in Mexico might be de-
stroyed; and yet Congress had not declared the
object for which the war was carried on. Mr. B.,
for one, was very anxious to hear what the majori-
ty would say on that point—for what they had
voted to carry on the war and furnished the means.
On Mr. B.'sside of the House, the declaration
was already made. They had always had but
one end in view, one story to tell; they were war-
ring to compel a peace. They had been driven
into the war by the acts of Mexico, and now they
were determined to carry it on till .they had obtain-
ed peace—an honorable and a permanent peace—
such a peace as should give security for good
neighborhood hereafter. He was not for such a
termination of the war as should encourage Mex-
ico to renew her old course of robbing and impris-
oning our citizens, and then refusing us indemnity,
and cheating our commissioners with forged pa-
pers. To secure this, we must make her feel that
when she made peace, it must be peace, and not a
mere pretext for quasi war and underhand robbery.
He was not for offering Mexico a premium for
such a course", by withdrawing our armies without
due security for'the future. This was the object
of the Administration and its friends, an honora-
ble and a secure peace. What was the object on
the other side? He wanted to hear. Why did
| gentlemen carry on this war? Let the people
know. The awful voice from Ashland had said
that the world ought to know.* Well, let it be
known.
Did the gentleman from Georgia believe that this
House possessed the treaty-making power? One
of the judges of the Supreme Court said it had,
and that Congress ought to indicate the terms of
a peace. Yes; this House, he supposed, were to
propose to Mexigo a treaty. The Constitution,
indeed, declared that the treaty power belonged
exclusively to the President and Senate; but a
judge of the Supreme Court held that it belonged
to the House, or at-least to Congress. " We, the
Representatives of the people," (as a gentleman
on the other side had said, just as if the President
was not as much elected by the people as the
members of that House,) could no doubt make
treaties as well as propose them, and fix the terms.
He supposed the two Houses would soon be for
resolving themselves into one body and voting
a new constitution, as they did in Mexico. At oil
events, this was a new mode of making treaties,
and he should like to see it carried out. Mean-
while he called upon gentlemen to state their ob-
ject in this war. The people would then under-
stand them better; they would then begin to know
what it was they really wanted. The President
and his friends in that House wanted a war to
obtain an honorable peace; but gentlemen on the
other side wanted no war, and a dishonorable peace.
It' they could get any other sort of a peace than
that, he wished they would let the people know
how tliey were going to get it.
Mr. B. said he, for one, was not afraid to tax
the people; he was not afraid to-appeal to the peo-
ple. The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Ste-
phens] had said that this war was odious; but
Mr. B. had seen no evidence of it. The war
always had been popular with liis people; and the
people were willing to bear any necessary burdens
when their country was at war; and so they would
continue to be until it was brought to an honorable
close. They wanted no war of offence; all they
asked was, that other nations would let us alone.
He considered the whole thing as unfortunate.
It was to be regretted that Mexico could not see
her true-interest. But if she would not see, ought
she not to suffer for her obstinate blindness
and folly' Gentlemen need not fear; the people
were ready to bear any tax in an honorable
and a just war. They so believed the present war
to be; and Mr. B. had not the remotest doubt they
would cheerfully pay for it. See how they rushed
to fill up the ranks of the volunteer regiments,
everywhere, save in some parts of New England,
(and there the call for volunteers had not been a
very loud one.) In his own patriotic State, in-
stead of raising one regiment, they had raised two;
they could have raised a brigade—aye, a division,
had there been need. Men of all parties theie
were ready to fight for their country. They would
not thus rush to battle if they believed it was a
bad cause. They had eyes to see, as well as gen-
tlemen in Congress. The war was popular; not
that the people loved war for its own sake, but they
believed this war had been unjustly forced upon
us. He denied that tile gentleman from Georgia
had any grounds for saying that the war was un-
popular and odious. If every man would now go
home, and put the question of his return on the
question of this war, he imagined they would find
Whigs in that House " few and far between." In
the city of Brotherly Love, look at the public
nieetings which'came together to sustain the Pres-
ident. Half the names of the most prominent men
were from the opposite party.. There was patriot- "
ism in that city. The gentleman from Georgia
said that some of the officers who fought at Buena
Vista were of as pure blood as any the country
contained. What the gentleman meant exactly
by "pure blood" he knew not; he presumed in-
tegrity and pure moral character. The gentleman
had cited the names of Hardin and Clay. Well,
what did such men go to Mexico for ? To fight
in an unjust, unconstitutional, unnecessary war?
No; gentlemen mistook the feeling within those
walls for the feeling outside; but they were mis-
taken. Was Pennsylvania, was Kentucky op-
posed to this war? Did they want an insecure,
inglorious peace ? Mr. B. had mistaken the whole
character of this war, if it was not one which the
people would cheerfully support. He meant men
of heart, men of principle—not men of pocket.
Let Mexico, then, and let our own soldiers, know
what we are fighting for. Let all understand it
was to secure an honorable and a permanent
peace; not to cover the l-etreat of brave men, and
patch up a dishonorable peace that must lead
again to war.
If that was what we looked to, if our gallant
little army were to make their way home with
clouds of Mexicans at their heels, like the retreat
of the ten thousand under Xenophon, then let us
send back the flags that had been deposited in
, triumph at the War Officc—leave not a relic of all
our victories; speak no more of Hardin orof Clay,
erect no monument over the gallant dead; it wouy
be erected, not to gallant and honored defenders of
their country's honor, but to murderers I
Here Mr. B.'s hour expired, and Mr. C. B.
SMITH obtained the floor,
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 2,1848.
The VICE PRESIDENT being absent-
On motion by Mr. BENTON, seconded by Mr.
MANGUM, it was resolved tliat the honorable
David R. Atchison be appointed President of the
Senate pro tempore.
RESOLUTIONS, ETC.
  Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented a res-
olution passed by the Legislature of that State, in
favor of the passage of a law granting a portion of
public lands to each of the officers and soldiers, or
their legal representatives, who served, or may
serve, in the war with Mexico; which was read,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, a resolution of the said Legislature, in
favor of the passage of an act to indemnify citizens
of tlio United States for losses by French spolia-
tions prior to 1800; which was read, referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, resolutions of the said Legislature, in
favor of the passage of a law authorizing the State
of Louisiana to select other school land in lieu of
such as are unfit for cultivation; which were read,
referred to the Committee on Public Lapds, and
ordered to be printed. ■
Also, a memorial of the said Legislature, pray-
ing an enlargement of the powers of said Legisla-
ture, in reference to the selection and disposition
of the sixteenth sections or school lands; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
MEXICAN SPOLIATIONS.
In presenting the memorial of Philo B. Johnson,
praying indemnity for injuries to his person and
property, committed by Mexican citizens—
Mr. NILES said, that though the memorial went
somewhat into detail, yet he should request that
it be read. He would state briefly the substance
of it. The memorialist was one of the claimants
for spoliations by the Mexican Government. He
had been subjected to gross outrages in the year
1831, at or near Tabasco. He was an old sea cap-
tain, now a resident of New York, but a native of
the State which he (Mr. N.) represented. His
whole life had been spent on the high seas, and
having, unfortunately, lost all his property, has
presented himself as a claimant for redress, on
account of the injuries which he had sustained at
the hands of the lawless agents of the Mexican
Government. The subject had some bearing on
the great question before that body and the coun-
