292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. %
try, in regard (o the character of claims of citizens j
of the United States against Mexico, of which they ,
heard so much, it would seem to be admitted on I
all hands, that it has become the duty of this Gov- i
ernment to take care of those who had just and 1
honest claims against Mexico. This question had
become one of some importance in relation to the
present war with Mexico. It was part, perhaps
an especial part, of the indemnity claimed from
Mexico. It had been contended, however,amongst
otheis by an honorable and distinguished gentle-
man, who had written a pamphlet on the subject,
and who had been long in office under this Govern-
ment, that these claims, being merely a debt, could
not, according to the usages of nations, be made
the subject of a war, or even, if lie (Mr. N.) was
not mistaken, enter into the considerations con-
nected with the existing state of war. Now, these
transactions took place years ago. The public
mind was not, perhaps, much informed on the
subject. But these claims had been in part act-
ed upon—so far, at least, as they had come under
the adjudication of the convention to which they
were referred; and whether they had or had not
assumed the shape and form of debts, m their
original character they were not debts—not at all.
Of course, by the law of nations they could not
interfere to provide for the settlement of a debt
which any citizen of the United States might have
against the Government of Mexico; that did not
come within the province of the Government.
But these were claims arising under our treaties
with Mexico, and under the laws of nations, for
spoliations on our commerce, and for the robbery
and plunder of the property of our citizens, who
were doing business in Mexico, thus involving the
gros&est violation of our flag. The present was one
of those cases; the vessel in, charge of the memo-
rialist was violently seized and taken possession of.
He was himself violently seized, put in the stocks,
and incarcerated in a prison. He was compelled,
at the point of the hayonet, to carry in his own
vessel a military force, to aid in the civil wars of
the country, first by one party, and then by the
other. This was a fair sample of the general
character of these claims. They arose from vio-
lence, from spoliation, from a gross disregard of
the sober obligations of national law. Every one
of these claims afforded in itself, distinctly consid-
ered, if not promptly met and redressed, a justifi-
able cause of war. He did not say that this war
arose from these claims at all; but he did say, that
this case and others showed that the conduct of
the Mexican Government towards the United
States had been not only unfriendly, but had been
marked by every species of injustice, violence,
and rapacity, unexampled m the commercial inter-
course of any people making the slightest claim
to civilization. * It was not necessary to say any-
thing more oi) the subject, as the memorialist asked
that his story of wrongs might be read. He would '
conclude by moving that it be read.
The memorial, having been read, was referred <
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, !
CADKTS. !
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu- ;
tion; which was ordered to be printed: j
Resolved, Th.it the President he requested to cause the
Senate to bo mfoimed of the order, or law, by virtue of
which the following woids, in relation to the promotion of ,
cadet3, have been inserted m the Army Register of the
United States, page 45, for the year 1847: "* '
"Cadets acting as supernumerary officer!! m the army, in
virtue of their brevets, will be successively promoted to va- !
eaucies of the lowest grade wnieh may first happen in the !
particular arm to which they may have been attached, ac- .
cording to the order of lank established at the Military i
Academy." j
LIGHTING THE CAPITOL. J
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Public
Buildings, reported a bill to pay James Crutchett ;
two thousand dollars for lighting the Capitol and 1
Capitol grounds; which was read, and passed to \
a second reading. I
Mr. HUNTER asked the unanimous consent i
of the Senate that the bill might have a second !
reading now. I
Mr. NILE8 objected to the second reading, pro-*!
nouneing the plan by which the Capitol grounds j
"were lighted to be a humbug.
After an explanation hy Mr. HUNTER that the
bill was merely to meet a present emergency—
Mr. NILES withdrew Ins objection, and said
that he should defer what he wished to say until
the subject should come up on its merits.
The bill was then read a second time* by unani-
mous consent, and consideied as in Committee of
the Whole; and no amendment being made, it
was reported to the Senatef read a third time, and
passed.
BRIG DOUGLASS.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee of
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of A.
A. Frazier, for himself and Alvin Baker, reported
the following resolution, which was considered by
unanimous consent and agreed to:
Resolved, That the memorial of A. A. Frazier, for him-
self and Alvin Baker, owners of the brig Douglass, prating
indemnity lor the losses caused by the alleged wrongful •
seizure bv a British cruiser, be refeired to the Secretary of •
State; and that the Secretary of State be directed to com-
mumeate to the Senate the originate or copics of ali depo- ■
sition« and other documents and papers in his department r
relating lo said case; and likewise such correspondence as i
may have been had with the British Government, or its offi- \
! cers, and our own in relation thereto, which, in hi* opinion, ,1
>{ may be made public consistent with the public interests > •
:j and th^t the Secretsuy of State do also make a report on t
| said case as presented to his department. j
;| PRIVATE BILLS. j
!j Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on the j
I; Judiciary, to whom was referred the petition of;
j J Joseph de la Francia, submitted a report, accom- j
;j panied by a bill supplementary to "An act to au- j
j! thorize the Secretary of State to liquidate certain j
|! claimsthereinmentioned,"passedthel8thof April, 5
1814. The bill was read, and passed to a second j
■ j reading, and the report ordeied to be printed. |
i; Mr. WESTCOTT, from the same committee,;
to whom was referred the petition of I. Bigelow, !
administrator on the estate of Francois Cazeau, j
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill, for the \
relief of the legal representatives of Francois |
I Cazeau, late merchant at Montreal. The bill was ;
read, and passed to a second reading, and the re- j
port ordered to be printed. j
Mr. ASHLEY, from the same committee, to 1
whom was referred the bill to authorize the Secre- i
tary of the Treasury to make an arrangement or I
compromise with Mangle M. Quackenbos and his j
coobligors, or any of them, for claims or bonds t
given by them as sureties to the United States, j
reported it without amendment.
PENSIONS TO THE ORDNANCE CORPS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, said, that under !
existing laws, the enlisted men of the ordnance -
corns were exempted from the benefit of the pen- !
sions allowed to men wounded and disabled in the I
service of the United States. The attention of the
Military Committee had been drawn to the fact, I
and he was instructed to report a bill to meet the j
case. Before introducing it, he would merely j
remark, that he supposed that the exemption in i
the original law resulted from the fact, that these j
men were enlisted under the title of " artificers, 1
armorers,and master workmen," though regularly
enlisted as soldiers, and liable to serve in the field, j
In their appropriate employment as artillerists, .
they were exposed to more hazard than any other
branch of the service. They were exposed to
: many accidents and casualties from the explosion
of the combustible materials which they handled.
They were also used in battle, generally in all
siege trains, and were placed in charge of the artil- 1
lery accompanying great marching armies. They
had been used in this war in working rocket and
howitzer batteries, and he had before him a state-
ment relative to a single company engaged in work- .
ing a mountain howitzer in Mexico, which, in sue- j
cessive battles m the valley of Mexico, lost, out of j
the one huudred and twenty men of which it was >
composed, in killed and wounded, twenty-three ^
men—fue killed and eighteen wounded. Some of j
the wounded men were totally disubfed, and had !
not been discharged, because no pension provision ,
had been made for them; and if discharged, their ;
disability from wounds received in battle render- ,
ing them unable to obtain subsistence, they would 1
1 have been thrown upon the charity of the country, j
i In view of these considerations, the present bill I
I had been prepared, and was presented with a re-
! quest that, by unanimous consent of the Senate,
| it should be passed to-day, or as soon as the Senate
| thought proper.
i The said bill was read the second time, by unan-
i imous consent, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole; and, no amendment being made, it
was reported to the Senate, engrossed, read a third
time, and passed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of La., from the Committee
on- Pensions, to whom was referred the memorial
of Francis 0. Dorr and Andrew C. Dorr, submit-
ted an adverse report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the hill to establish
an additional district court of the United States in
the State of Texas, reported it without amend-
ments
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the petition of
Thomas, Cowpevthwaite, & Co., reported a bill
providing for the purchase and distribution of the
decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States among the several States and Territories;
which was read, and passed to the second read-
ing.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Campbell, their
Clerk v
Mr. President : The House of Representatives
have passed a bill entitled 44 An act to confirm the
boundary between Missouri and Arkansas-,'5 in
which they desire the concurrence of the Senate.
THE TEN-REGIMENT BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
to raise, for a Kmited time, an additional military
force.
Mr. BELL addressed the Senate in opposition
to the bill, and, without concluding, gave way to a
motion for adjournment.
[A full report of Mr. Bell's speech will be
found in the Appendix. The following is a synop-
sis of his remarks:]
Mr. BELL made an apology for troubling the
Senate with any lemarks after the discussion
which had taken place. He could not agree with
those who had said, that if no debate had arisen .
they would have permitted this bill to pass. He
would not have done so, because he did not con-
sider that his voice was his own, and that it was
to be used to make converts here, but that the
country demanded its exercise for their advantage.
He stated, that in his section of country there had
been a universal opinion that the war should be
vigorously prosecuted, and that all necessary sup-
plies should be granted. It was necessary for him
therefore to give the reasons which would compel
him to vote against this bill. The Whig party
had heretofore*"voted all supplies. He had come
to Washington in the belief that he would vote for
this bill, and he wished to show that the change
which had taken place in his mind had been pro-
duced by the change which had taken place m the
policy of the Administration.
He would not inquire whether General Taylor's
order of January 13, 1846, necessarily led to the
war—which party commenced it—whether it was
■ constitutional or unconstitutional—whether it might
have been avoided or not, although he thought it
might—or whether it was just or unjust; for if it
were the latter, he would wish to throw a veil over
j it, and blot out the record of it forever.
He disclaimed any sympathy with the Mexican
Government, or her gasconading chiefs, although
i he felt much for the unoffending portion of the
people. He did not hold Mexico as entirely guilt-
I less of the war. The annexation of Texas might
; have produced some hostile feeling in the people
j and Government of Mexico. In the consumma-
! tion of that act he did not think we had shown
| sufficient respect to the feelings of other nations.
■ He thought all peaceful overtures for a settlement
! of our difficulties should have been tried, and had
they failed, there would have been cause of war.
There was, in his opinion, due to us some fair and
1 reasonable and moderate and defensible indemnity
from Mexico. But the sending out more men
was a very different question. It involved ques-
i tions far transcending any question of mere in-
] demnity—questions which were connected with
i our own interests, and with the welfare of our own
! institutions.
] He then went on to notice the aspersions which
had been thrown on those who opposed the war,
' and which could only be excused on the ground of
excited enthusiasm. But it was not thus that the
freedom of speech was to be suppressed. He ad-
verted to the remarks attributed to a geneial officer,
once a member of this Senate, which,he hoped
were erroneously imputed to him in a morning
, paper. He thought that he was as free from party
