1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
293
influences in his views on the subject of the war
as any one who might be disposed to question
him. They who opposed the war were not from
one section, but frora all sections of the country.
He would und-ertake to say, from the state of pub-
lic. opinion as far as he had ascertained it, two-
thirds of the country were against the war, and
^desirous for peace.. Considering that our military
achievements had been sufficient to satisfy our na-
tional honor, they would be willing to strangle the
hydra to-day. This might not be the case ten
• months hence.
Rather than call on the opponents of the war to
be silent, it would be, m his opinion, more mag-
nanimous for its advocates to pause and take such
>a course as would tend to the termination of the
contest. Suppose the war should be continued,
and blood should flow raore copiously, l\e asked
•on whom would be the responsibility?
Mr. B. then proceeded to examine what is the
policy of. the President in the further prosecution
of this war. He held that the chairman of the
"Committee on Military Affairs had not been suffi-
ciently explicit on this point. By one, it wns said
that the object is to conquer peace; another, that
it is to obtain indemnity for the past and security
for the future. The President has been more can-
did. He gays we ought to keep California and
New Mexico. Would a treaty to this extent be
satisfactory? What more do you want? More
territory? Yes. What more? Would his friend
from Mississippi answer?
Mr. FOOTE said he would be satisfied himself
with the territory stated by the President, if the
condition of Mexico would enable its Government
to give sufficient security for the permanence of
such a treaty stipulation. He did not speak for
any one but himself.
Mr. BELL wished to know what further was
wanted. If it was not money nor indemnity
which was meant by asking for security, what did
the message mean by ample indemnity for the
past and security for the future? Were these
mere expletives ? Since the failure of Mr. Trist's
negotiations, and our splendid successes, a change
had come over the policy of the Administration.
Since that, the policy of obtaining security for the
. future had been adopted.
He would say that the Administration and their
advocates would not be satisfied with the mere
cession of California and New Mexico. The chair-
man of the Military Committee would not say the
Administration would be satisfied with this ces-
sion, because it would bring no security for the
future. Nor would it do so. It would give no
security for a permanent peace. That cession
would not be satisfactory to die Administration or
its advocate.
Did the Administration desire the fortress of San
Juan de Ulua? He knew it had no confidence in
any of the chiefs in Mexico. He concluded that
it neither wanted nor expected a treaty, until, by
the triumphs of our arms, a party should be ele-
vated to power, with whom a secure peace might
be negotiated.
It was a part of the policy of this Government,
as had been disclosed by the able Senator from
New York, [Mr. Dix,] to prevent the interference
of any foreign government in the affairs of Mex-
ico. And this was a key to the cabalistic phrase,
" security for the future." It was the policy of the
Administration to prevent any such interference.
This policy may have been modified by more
recent circumstances, of which he could know
nothing. If a treaty had been made, it would be
submitted to the action and responsibility of the
Senate. The President would throw the respon-
sibility of ratifying such a treaty on the Senate, as
he was bound to do, by the coursc which he took
in his annual message; and he (Mr. B.) said, that
if in other respects the treaty was a fair one, lie
would give his aid to the President, to relieve him
from any responsibility on the subject.
Mr. B. complained of the masked policy of the
Administration. The people had been led to ex-
pect an early peace; and now, they are to under-
stand that no treaty can be made with the Mexican
parties which now rule that country. This war is
to be prolonged until we can create a government
which can give us indemnity for the past, and the
assurance that no transatlantic Power shall be per-
mitted to interfere with the concerns of Mexico,
or obtain foothold there. He would not say that
such an event was impossible.
If California and New Mexico would be deemed
sufficient, why not fall back on them and hold them?
Oh! it will be answered, we have now possession
of much more, and we cannot go back. The com-
mon apology, " forceof circumstances," is brought
forward. It was so twelve months ago. We had
possession of a third of Mexico, but the force of
circumstances drove us on to pass into the heart of
the country, and make the Mexicans feel our re-
venge. Force of circumstances now compels us
to go on until we can coerce a treaty, which, like
an ignis fatuus, eludes us as we pursue it.
Pass this bill, and let the troops go out, and they
cannot be recalled in less than one year. He com-
puted the cost of an army of forty thousa^d-or fifty
thousand men in Mexico, at forty millions. If you
could get ten millions out of Mexico, there would
remain thirty millions for us to pay; and this would
be five times the value of California and New Mex-
ico—a barren and useless region.
He referred to a movement of the Puros—as
stated in a morning* paper—in opposition to a
treaty; and this is the very party on which the
Administration relies for peace. The Administra-
tion could not expect a treaty based on the idea
of security for the future, while the existing party
in Mexico remained in power.
He believed that the Administration was embar-
rassed by the double policy it had adopted—which
was, to hold out a desire to make a treaty with
any existing government, while it was operating
to raise up a new party into power in Mexico.
The avowal of the chairman of the Military
Committee—that he knew 110 more of the policy
of the Administration in the prosecution of the
war than was disclosed in the official reports and
public documents—he legarded as an extraordi-
nary one. The argument of the honorable chair-
man was based on those official reports and docu-
ments. The chairman said circumstances might
arise which would endanger our army; that an
emeute might take place; that our troops were in
the midst of ten millions of hostile population, a
million of whom were able to bear arms. If it
could be shown our army is in real peril, he would
vote ten or thirty regiments immediately. He
assumed that there are 45,000 troops in Mexico,
32,000 of whom are under Scott. He reviewed
what our troops had already done, by a greatly
diminished number, against five or six times the
number of Mexicans, by both General Taylor
and General Scott, in order to show that our troops
now in Mexico were sufficient for every purpose
of defence or aggression.
He complained that the chairman of the Military
Committee had given no estimate of the number
of troops which he thought necessary to hold the
various posts. There weie 110 data, therefore, be-
fore the Senate, to enable it to form an opinion on
this subject. He went on to calculate the forces
which, in his opinion, would be sufficient. About
5,000 men would be enough to hold the line of
coast; and, allowing for 5,000 disabled, there
would be still above 20,000 effectives under Gen.
Scott. He believed that General Scott felt suffi-
ciently strong to overrun the country, as it was
understood that troops had already left Mexico
for the interior. The troops now in Mexico are
sufficient to take and garrison fourteen of their
largest towns.
Another object of the war is to make the people
of Mexico feel the pressure of the war, to seize
the revenues, &c. The Senator from Michigan
urged the immediate seizure of Zacatecas, because
of the great revenue to be acquired from it. Pie
pointed out the errors to which we were subject
when we attempted to compute the revenue from
the mines and other sources. General Scott, by
a single stroke of the pen, struck out the whole
revenue from internal trade, amounting to four and
a half millions. The full amount of revenue which
could be derived would not be more than a mil-
lion. In order to make the people of Mexico feel
the burdens of the war, you at once abolish the
duty which was most oppressive on them. You
relieve the people,instead ofbringingthecalamities
of war upon them. You make them friendly to us,
and that is what you mean. We have pursued a
policy of alleviation on one hand, and of oppress
sion on the other. One must be abandoned. He
concluded that the Administration desired no peace
with any party now in power.
Mr. CASS said he would answer as far as re-
garded his own views as to the objects of the war.
The Senator had put several questions, and seemed
to expect Senators to jump up and answej. He
would only answer that they wanted security. He
would not say what; but woulS leave that to be
determined by the Executive, in whose discretion
he had entire confidence. As to security, it was
asked against the instability of the Government,
and also against an intractable people. He would
not say what the President might demand. We
may not want an open boundary; we may want a
mountain ridge. Since the submission'of the res-
olutions of the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Han-
negan,] his inclinations pointed to the Sierra
Madre, which would be an impassable boundary.
The Senator from Tennessee assumed that we
could make 110 treaty with the present Govern-
ment, in the opinion of the Executive, because it
could not give security for the future; and when
he assumed this, he must have penetrated deeper
into the policy of the Administration than he (Mr-
C.) had. The Administration would be willing to
make a treaty with any Government; but it would
hold indemnity until it was assured of the perma-
nence of the Government. But we are not come
to the point where the nature of the security ls'to
be fixed.
He disavowed having used the language that he
knew nothing of the policy of the Administration,
except what was disclosed in the official reports.
The Senator from Tennessee probably had in his
mind a remark made by him (Mr. C-) in refer-
ence to the plan of the Secretary of War, and a
very deep plan it was. Speaking of that, he had
said that he knew nothing more of the plan thaft
what he gathered from the official report. For,
although he had conversed with the Secretary, he
had obtained no additional information.
Mr. FOOTE made some brief explanation,
which was not understood in the gallery.
Mr. BELL here threw himself on the indul-
gence of the Senate. If there was no objection on
the part of Senators 011 the other side, he would
postpone the residue of his remarks until to-mor-
row.
Mr. DOWNS said he had understood a rule was
adopted that Senators should conclude on the same
day. Acting with that impression,he had hurried
his remarks on Monday to a conclusion, omitting
much which he had intended to say, because he
was unwilling to trespass on the patience of the
Senate, and to infringe what he had believed to
be the general understanding. He did not oppose
an adjournment, but he thought it due to himself
to make this explanation.
Mr. BELL said, that after these remarks, he
considered himself bound to proceed.
Mr. TURNEY suggested that the weak condi-
tion of his colleague's health was well known to
the Senate, and lie hoped that an adjournment
would be agreed to. He moved that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion to adjourn was withdrawn, for the
purpose of receiving the following message from
the President of the United States, by Mr. Walker,
his Secretary:
To the Senate of the United States :
In answer to a resolution of the Senate of the 13t!i Janu-
ary, 1848, calling for infoimation on the subject of the nego-
tiation between the Commissioner of the United States and
the Commissioner:, of Mexico ourin? the supension of hos-
tilities after the battles of Contreias and Churubusco, I
transmit a report from the Secretary of State and Ihe docu-
ments which aceompanv it.
I deem it proper to add, that the invitation from the Com-
missioner of the United States to submit the proposition of
boundary, referred to m his despatch No. 15, of the 4th of
September, 1847, here with communicated, was unautho-
rized by me, and was promptly disapproved ; and this disap-
proval waseomuiunicated to the Commissioner of the United
States with the least possible delay.
JAMES K. POLK.
Washington, February 2, 1848.
On motion by Mr. MANGUM, it was ordered
that it lie on the table and be printed.
[For the documents mentioned in the above mes-
sage of the President, see Appendix.]
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 3,1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, from the
Committee on Printing, to which was referred, on
the 3d January last, the resolution relative to the
printing of extra copies of a report communicated
by Colonel J. J. Abert to the Senate on the 13th
