294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 3,
of December last, reported the following resolu-
tion: -
Resolved, Tliat Jive thousand extra copies of Coionei J. J.
Abort's report, which was communicated on the 13th of
December la^t, in answer to a resolution of the Senate of
the 17th January, 1847, be printed for the use of this House.
The resolution having; been read—
Mr. McCLELLAND moved to amend it by
adding at the end thereof the words, "and that
two hundred and fifty of the said extra copies be
assigned for the use of the Topographical Bureau."
The amendment was agreed to, and 'then the
resolution as thus amended was agreed to.
Mr. HARALSON aslced leave to make a per-
sonal explanation. Objected to.
Mr HUNT gave notice that on to-morrow or
some subsequent day, he would ask leave to bring
in a biil for the relief of the legal representatives of
Abraham Hogeboom.
Mr. PILLSBURY asked leave to make a very
brief personal explanation. Objected to.
THE MESSAGE THE WAR, ETC.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished bust- i
ness first in order, viz: the concurrence by the |
House in the report of the Committee of the !
"Whole, in their resolutions referring the Presi- j
dent's annual message to appropriate committees, j
and agreeing to the amendment of Mr. Cobb, of I
Georgia, to the 8th resolution reported by the
Committee of the "Whole, viz : Add between the
word " personal" and the word "property" the
woids " and other," so as to make it read, " to be
assessed on personal and other property," &c.
„ Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, then proceeded with ;!
his remarks. He should not consume any portion j'
of his time, he said, in discussing the origin of
the war with Mexico. That question had been
thoroughly discussed, not only during this session, I1
but during the last session. The members of this i;
House, and the country, were m possession of all
the information necessary to enable them to form
a conclusion satisfactory to themselves. He had l|
only to say, in regard to that matter, that this ii
House, during the present session, had decided, ;j
upon a solemn and deliberate vote, by yeas and jl
nays, that this war was unnecessarily and uncon- ;
stitutionally commenced by the President of the '
United States. He had had the good fortune— 'i
and he deemed it extreme good fortune-—to have il
the opportunity of recording his vote m favor '
of this sentence of condemnation. In giving this
vote, his heart concurred with his judgment.5'And i;
he desired to say no more at this time in regard
to the origin of this war, than to express his
concurrence with the decision so solemnly made
by this House. It was a decision which the peo-
ple of the country would approve and endorse;
and whatever might be the opinion of individuals,
carried away by partisan excitement, when that
excitement shall have been dissipated by the lapse
of time, the deliberate sentiment of the American
people would sanction that vote of condemnation
m regard to the origin of this war. (i
But he desired to speak more particularly m ref-
erence to questions of more practical utility—ques- [J
tions which concerned the future rather than the |j
past. However this war might have been began, ji
on whomsoever should rest the responsibility of m
its origin, we are in the midst of it; its evils are ji
now pressing upon us, paralyzing the energies of ij
the country, drying up its resources, and wasting !i
its best blood. It became them, the Representa- |f
tives of the American people, sent here,to deliber- 'i
ate upon questions affecting their interests, to de- ;j
vise some means by which this war may be brought I
to a close, and its calamitous consequences cur- ■!
tailed, if they cannot be prevented. j'
He desired to occupy a few moments in the ex- i
animation of some of the evils which were likely i
to result to the country from the continuance of ;j
this war, and in the consideration ofquestions con-
nected with the finances, as they were to be affected
by the nrosecution of it. They had had laid on 1!
their tables, and on which they would be called to ,!
act in a day or two, a bill proposing to add eighteen ij
millions and a half to our public debt. It became n
them carefully to inquire how far that debt was \
likely to be increased by the continuance of this i;
war, and how far the Representatives of the people ii
were required by their duty to increase that debt. i!
"What was the amount of our debt at present? ;;
They were sometimes told that gentlemen on this j!
side of the House, who stood opposed to the meas- ]
urea of the national Administration, were in favor i'
of a national debt; but, for one, he intended to
testify, by his vote and action, that that charge
did not apply _Jo him. He regarded the accumu-
lation of a national debt as an evil of the greatest
magnitude, and one which every consideration of
duty and patriotism required them to ward from
the country. ' The amount of our public debt, as
we were informed by the Secretary and the Presi-
dent at the commencement of the session, was
$45,659,659 40. To what amount was it proposed
to increase this debt? The President had already
recommended loans to the amount of thirty-nine
millions, viz: balance for 1848, eighteen and a half
millions; and for 1849, twenty and a half millions
—making a total of thirty-nine millions, which he
told Congress and the country would be required
to continue the prosecution of the war up to the
close of the next fiscal year, the 30th June, 1849.
Well, according to the President's and Secre-
tary's estimate, we have, then, in prospective, on
the 30th June, 1849, a public debt of the amount-
of $84,659,659 40. This looks like a burden of
debt well calculated to set the people to reflecting,
even assuming the estimates made by the Execu-
tive Department of the Government to be correct.
But, he would ask, how much might the actual
expenditures reasonably be calculated to exceed
these estimates? At the last session of Congress,
the President came forward with a recommenda-
tion for a loan of twenty-three millions. [Mr. S.
read a short extract from the message containing
this recommendation, in which the President esti-
mated, if the war continued till the 30th June,
1848, that an additionel loan of twenty-three mil-
lions would he required, on the assumption that
there was constantly retained in the treasury four
millions to meet any contingencies; if such surplus
wete not provided for, a loan of nineteen millions
would be sufficient.]
I\ow, the President of the United States, (con-
tinued Mr. S.,) at the last session of Congress,
informed Congress that a loan of twenty-three
millions would be amply sufficient to continue this
war until the 30th June, 1848, and that it would
also enable Government to retain four millions in
the treasury. We have not yet reached that pe-
riod; the 30th June, 1848, is some months hence;
and yet. at the commencement of the present ses-
sion of Congress, the President comes forward and
informs us, through his Secretary of the Treasury,
that an additional loan of ^18,500,000 is necessary
now to continue this war up to the 30th June, 18431
And, at the same time, he tells us that three mil-
lions is all that is necessary to be retained in the
treasury; so that, adding to this eighteen and a
half millions this additional million, it appears that
nearly twenty millions additional are necessary,
and that the estimates at the last session of Con-
gress fell short by about twenty millions of dollars.
How and why was this gross blunder made ? Are
we to attribute it to the errors of the Secretary of
theTreasnry? Was his judgment in regard to the
finances of the country so poor that he fell into
such grievous mistakes as these are ? Or has there
been an attempt to cover up and conceal from the
country the enormous national debt which this war
is creating? He cared not which horn of the di-
lemma the Administration and its friends chose;
in either case, it was conclusively shown that no
confidence could be placed in the estimates ema-
nating from that source.
This estimate, as now made, showed the public
debt to be eighty-four millions on the 30th June,
1849. The estimate was made on the assumption
that the Government would receive all the revenues
estimated in the Secretary's report, and would only
be required to expend the amount which is there
estimated. Let him ask if any reliance was to be
placed on these estimates? Y/hatwere the esti-
mates last year ? Why, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, after the war began, estimated that the receipts
of the Government for the year ending 30th June,
1847, would be, in round numbers, §31,335,000;
the actual receipts were $26,346,000, showing a
deficiency of §4,988,000—almost five millions. He
estimated the expenditures of the Government, for
the same year, at $55,241,000; whereas the report
now on their tables showed that the actual expend-
itures were $59,451,000; making an excess of over
$4,000,000. The facts as now before us, then
showed that the estimates of the Secretary of
the Treasury, in regard to the receipts and ex-
penditures of the last year, made a difference of
^9,108}l/06. |
Well, was it not fair to presume that the Presi-
dent's estimates in regard to the expenses of this and
the next year, are as erroneous as they then were
for the year 1847? He thought that presumption
a fair one. If it were, then we should be required
to add to the national debt, as already estimated,
§18,397,000, which would make a debt that we
should be owing on the 30th June, 1849, of over
$103,000,000: a sum largely beyond the entire
amount of the national debt created by the last war
with Great Britain !
Let him refer to a single fact, for the purpose"
of showing what degree of confidence was to be
placed in the estimates of the Executive. In the
! annual report of the Secretary of the Treasury
i during this session, we are told that an additional
loan of §18,500,000 would be required for the pres-
ent year. The President, in his message, said the
same thing. A few weeks ago, we were informed
by the Secretary of the Treasury ad interim, that
a mistake had been discovered m their estimates,
amounting to .within a fraction of $7,000,000; that
they found themselves in possession of $7,000,000
more than they had estimated. Well, if that was
true, what was the natural consequence? What
was the inference that every sensible man would
be likely to draw? Why, that the loan that was
proposed might be reduced that sum;, and the Sec-
retary in fact tells us that the loan may be reduced
to $12,000,000. But scarcely had the report con-
taining this information been printed, when we
were informed by the Secretary of the Treasury
that his previous estimate was erroneous, a d v/e
were now called on to extend the loan to $16,000,-
! 000. He (Mr. S.) ventured the prediction, that
before this session of Congress closed, we should
be told that the amount of the loan is not sufficient,
and be called on for an additional amount.
But, placing it upon their own estimates, making
the allowance for errors for this and the succeed-
ing year, which he had shown had existed in the
estimates of the last year, and our public debt
would be on the 30th of June, 1849, $103,000,000
and over, requiring an amount of §6,183,448 to-
meet the interest upon it at six per cent. It be-
came matter of very grave interest to this country
to inquire, how this debt was to be paid. How
were we to meet it? How were the people of the
United States to cancel the heavy amount of obli-
gations which the present Administration were
incurring for them ? Why, the bill authorising a
loan at the last session contained a pledge of the
proceeds of the public lands for the payment of
the interest and principal. Did any gentleman be-
lieve we could avail ourselves of anything from
that source ?—that the proceeds of the public lands
would be sufficient to meet a quarter of the interest-
on the public debt as it was likely to exist on the
30th of June, 1849? No gentleman who looked
into the matter could imagine such a thing. Before
the war began, while the country was on a peace
establishment, when the commercial, manufac-
turing, and agricultural interests were prosperous,
only between two and three millions were received
from the sales of the public lands; and could gen-
tlemen, even if the receipts were to continue as
lar^e, expect to pay $6,000,000 out of that ?
But how did the case stand with reference to this
subject? Why, the very same Congress that made
that pledge of the proceeds of the public lands
passed a bill voting away sixteen millions of acres
of public lands as bounty lands I He made no ob-
jection to that act; he voted for it; he was willing
to accord to the men and their wives and children
who sacrifice their lives and health in this war that
bounty which was due to their services; but what
he blamed Congress for was, for not providing
other means to meet the accumulation of interest
and principal of this debt. The number of indi-
viduals entitled to bounty lands, if the forces which
were now called for were put in requisition, would
not be short of 100,000 men; they would draw
16,000,000 of acres, which, at the minimum Gov-
ernmentprice, would amount to$20,000,000. How
many years, allowing the income of the lands to be
$3,000,000 a year, would be required to take up
these military land warrants ? Some seven years.
During all that time every gentleman must per-
ceive our revenue from the sales of the public lands
is cut off; and this fund pledged for the redemption
of the principal and interest of the public debt—a
fund which produces not enough to pay the inter-
est, much less the principal of the public debt—is
entirely absorbed, and canjiot be applied even to
