290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
prosecute the war for the purpose of compelling
Mexico to sell us a portion of her country, which
the President acknowledges we have no right to
claim. Was this to be an indemnity for future
peace? There never was a conqueror that avowed
his design of a conquest so openly as the design of
our President vva3 shown to be. He tells us he
desires no conquests, and yet he continues the war
until he can compel Mexico to sell for a fair price
such portions of her territory as we may fix upon.
But he would be glad to know by what means
,we were to obtain "security for the future."
Were we to obtain some guarantee from Mexico
that she will not attempt to disturb us ? Was she
to give a bond in addition to a treaty ? We might
suppose, from an intimation in the President's
message on another subject, that security was to
be found in building up civil governments of our
own choice in Mexico, and by keeping up military
establishments to overawe the people. Were we
so wild, so reckless, as to hope to do so success-
fully? Did the history of Europe furnish no pre-
cedents to deter us from such a course ? When
IVapoleon Bonaparte overrun Spain to place his
brother on the throne of that country, he placed
armies there to retain the power lie obtained; and
•while we imitated hia conduct, we should proiit by
his example, and take warning from his fate. If
we shall build up governments in Mexico, and
attempt to keep it in our power, we should require
an army there of fifty thousand men for the next
twenty years.  
When this war first commenced, he stated it as
his opinion on this floor that the war was com-
menced by the Administration for conquest. He
knew the Administration had repeatedly denied
all intention to make conquests; but he asked any
man to look at the evidence, and then see if his
mind could be brought to any other conclusion.
He understood well the game that was being
played. He believed it^vas not the desire or ex-
pectation of the Administration to make any treaty
with Mexico. He believed the country,was to be
deluded with hopes of peace until the next Presi-
dential election shall have passed by. He believed,
during the time that would intervene, the public
mind would be often excited by rumors of that j
kind; and if they can succeed in securing the :
Government for another term of four years, the !
mask will then be thrown off, the real intention ;
will be avowed, and they would then be told, as 1
they were when the annexation of Texas was !
under discussion, that the American people had
decided in favor of annexing all Mexico, and it
would be pressed through Congress suddenly. Let
them look for a moment at a short extract from a
speech which had recently been made on this sub-
ject. He saw in the papers a speech reported of
a gentleman who stood on intimate terms with the
Administration, in which that gentleman said:
•'Tlieie are numerous cases, ail tending to the same
point, that whenever it becomes impracticable to obtain tei-
ritory bv purchase, we -rue., it by force. All that strip of
countr) l\mg between Natchez :md Baton Rouge was taken
possession of in that way. And we have done so in all
cases when we could not obtam territory by negotiation;
and this couise ha* been pu.&u^d thioughout the world, in
all time*-, by ail .Powers. >'
This was the declaration of the chairman of (he
Committee on Foreign Relations, [Mr. Sevier,]
delivered in the United States Senate on the 24th
January, 1848—a gentleman who stands on inti-
mate terms and has confidential relations with the
Executive of this Union, avowing it to be a prac-
tice to take territory by force when we were not
able to acquire it by negotiation.
But he had also an extract from the speech of
another gentleman, as follows:
<k I repeat what I before said, that the longer Mexico con-
tinues. her obstinate rejection of rea.>onable indemnity, and
tftegieat°r the exertion* e-he compels us to make, the greater
will be our demands, and the heavier her loese«s. What we
would ha\e accepted last year, or even at the commence-
ment of the piesont campaign, we may well refuse now;
and wuat wo would accept now, we may well refuse after
a few month*. And how much the public sentiment of this
country nmv demand a year or two hence, if the war con-
tinues «•<  Mn!.', I <fo not pretend to predict. We may have
to make tin' <rrcat eAperiment so dreaded by the Senator
from South Carolina and the .Senator from Kentucky, and
annex the domains or Mexico to our own. This is the pen-
alty which national inju-t'c: had otten been called to pay,
and which ?Je.\ico may he preparing for herself.''
This was the declaration of a gentleman [Mr.
Cass] who was now generally understood to be
the candidate of the Democratic party for the Presi-
dency. He tells us that the indemnity to be re-
quired from Mexico is to be increased in propor-
tion to her obstinacy; that what would have satis-
fied us a few months ago will not satisfy us now;
and that every additional month will increase our
demands, until we reach that point so much dread-
ed of ingulfing the whole country and bringing it
under our Government.
We have often heard that Democracy was pro-
gressive. It does indeed progress at a most fearful
rate; and if its progression should not be arrested,
it will involve this country in ruin. He had not
a shadow of doubt that this war would continue
until after the Presidential election. We were now
told that a peace was negotiated by Mr. Tnst with
the commissioners of Mexico: but how often have
we been deluded with the same rumor! After
every battle in Mexico the same siren song has
been sung, the same dulcet notes sounded, but still
peace came not. And it might answer a very good
purpose, by preventing the people giving utterance
to their indignation towards this Administration.
The same story had been told, the same song sung
ever since the war began; and yet ail hopes of
peace are as baseless as before. There was a cry
of peace, peace, when there was no peace.5'
We had heard a rumor that Mr, Trist had effected
a treaty of peace; but if he had, it would be re-
jected by the Administration, and Mr. Tnst would
be exposed to the anathemas of the Administra-
tion for daring to do it. Some had even gone so
far as to say, that if Mr. Tnst came back, he would
be hung for a traitor. At all events, he was satis-
fied the Administration had no idea of obtaining
a peace. The people were still longer to be de-
luded with the ignis fatuus of peace, which would
elude their grasp until after the Presidential elec-
tion. If the Administration shall succeed at the
next election, which God forbid, the mask will be
thrown off, and then we shall be told that we can-
not get along without all Mexico; then we shall
be told that the American people have decided m
favor of annexation, and that annexation must be
consummated.
Sir, (said Mr. S.,) I believe theie can be no
easier task than for this Administration to bring
the present war to a close. I believe that pcace,
an honorable peace, may be made in thirty days:
a peace just to Mexico and honorable to ourselves :
a peace m which we have an opportunity of show-
ing our justice and magnanimity, as we have al-
ready shown our heroic courage and skill in war.
And what is necessary to effect this desirable ob-
ject ? Let the President appoint suitable commis-
sioners—not one of the clerks of a department, but
men of character and high standing; mep known to
the country, and whose character will bea guarantee
of fair and upright intentions on the part of those
sending them. Let these gentlemen repair to Mex-
ico, and there let them propose terms of peace just
and equitable to both parties; let them relinquish
their wild schemes of conquest and annexation,
and offer terms just and fair, and my word for it
Mexico will accede to the offer If it is territory
that we want, it can be obtained in this way, and
without dishonor. But for myself I do not want
or wish for a foot of her soil; and I detest and de-
nounce all prosecution of a war for plunder.
Mr. SAWYER heie interposed, and (Mr.
SMITH yielding the door for a moment) inquiied
what were the terms he thought we ougrht to
offer.
Mr. SMITH, resuming, paid that if he were in
a position which required him to define the terms
of a treaty, he might perhaps tell the gentleman
what those terms were: as it was, he should be
glad to see the Administration define tfcem. Why
did they not? Why did they not propose some
terms on which a judgment could be made up?
Why conceal the object they sought under the
cabalistic phrase of " jsecumy for the future?" So
far, however, as his own opinion went, Mr. S.
would have no hesitation in saying what these terms
ought to be. He had already stated them. In
the first place, he utterly repudiated all idea of
demanding indemnity for the expenses of the war.
We have no right, said he, to make any such de-
mand. I told my own constituents on the stump,
that, for my own part, I would as soon think of
: taking a purse on the highway as extorting from
: Mexico the expenses of this war. The House
have decided that the war is unconstitutional, and
: that it was begun by the President. I believe it:
it is the truth. We have no right to ask to be re-
imbursed for the cost of this war. I detest and
despise this higgling with Mexico for the cost of
the powder burnt in taking her forts and cities
from her. But I am willing, m the next place, to
demand full indemnity for the actual losses of our
own citizens by the unlawful acts of the Mexicans*
The losses, I believe, may amount to between two
and three millions of dollars; and I would insist
on having this payment to our citizens made in
money. Does any one believe that the just rights
of those who were losers by Mexican depredations
could be secured by a further prosecution of this
war? I do not. I believe no such thing. But if
the war is to be continued only to obtain indemni-
ty for the losses of our citizens, why are fifty
thousand men to be kept in the field? Where is
the necessity of occupying with our troops the
Mexican capital? Why must we continue to prey
upon her vitals? If l\Tew Mexico and California
is what we want as indemnity, and all we want,
twenty thousand men are amply sufficient; why
not take and occupy those provinces, and let the
war cease? With that force we can hold them
both against any power Mexico can send against
them for these twenty years to come. The fact
that the Administration has not done this is of
itself strong ground of suspicion of another and a
concealed design. With but five thousand men m
New Mexico, and the same force in California,
we could keep possession in spite of all that Mexico
could do. She could scarcely molest or give us
the least disturbance in holding both.
Mr. S. thought there was wisdom and sound
policy in the course recommended by a distin-
guished gentleman at the other end of the Capitol.
[Supposed by the reporter to refer to Mr. Cal-
houn's proposed line of occupation.] If this was,
in truth, all the Administration meant by their
demand of "indemnity," he thought there was
wisdom in taking the ground proposed by that
Senator. But, as Mr. S. had already said, he had
no hope that that, or any other policy, would be
adopted to put an end to the war. There was but
one mode by which that could be effected, and that
was; by a change of our rulers for men of different
views and principles, and he trusted that, at the
approaching election, this would be done.
All that was connected with th;s policy of the
war of this Administration, had been character-
ized by a want of sincerity towards the people.
Had our rulers openly avowed it to be their design
to go to war with Mexico, the war would either
have been avoided altogether, or closed long before
now. Had they, like men, imposed the burdens
necessary to conduct the war, and which must ulti-
mately be borne by the people, the people would
have seen that the war was ended long before this
time. The boasted popularity of the war would not
survive onevisitofthe collector. If gentlemen were
sincere in their expressed views of the justice and
policy of the war, now was the time for them to
show it: let them vote the necessary taxes—let
them make their appeal to the people to pay at
least a part of the expenses of the contest. Let
them do this, and they would soon find that the
alleged popularity of their war would vanish like
the mists of the morning. When they found them-
selves called on to pay heavy taxes to sustain a
foreign war, carried on more than a thousand miles
from our own frontier, rely on it they would be-
gin to inquire closely into the objects and ends for
i which it was conducted.
In England, when a war was declared by the
Government, and the feelings of the people deeply
roused, they contributed cheerfully to sustain the
Kino; in his quarrel; and, were this a case of law-
less invasion of our territories, there were no bur-
dens which the people would refuse to bear in in-
dignantly repelling it. But a war undertaken by
party rulers, for party ends, and the gratification
of a selfish and a grasping ambition^ was quite ano-
ther affair. I believe (said Mr. S.) that every foot
of Mexican territory we may acquire in such a
conflict, will prove a curse to us and to our chil-
dren. The annexation of Texas he had ever con-
sidered as a most unhappy event in our history;
and we were now but reaping the fruits of that un-
justifiable transaction in fields of blood. The fur-
ther we went the greater would be the evils we
should bring on ourselves and our posterity. The
more foreign territory we might thus acquire, the
nearer should we come to the dissolution of this
Union. Pie had no idea that our glorious institu-
tions would long survive, orourUnion long endure,
if we should once succeed in embracing within
its limits the whole territory of Mexico. Who-
