298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 3,
The 8th resolution being: next in order-
Mr- STEPHENS asked for a division of the
question on agreeing to the said resolution, so as
to take a separate question on each branch of it.
The question was then put on the first branch
of the resolution, and it was concurred in, as fol-
lows:
" That so much of said message as relates to the revenue,
to the public debt, to the inciease thereof, to the creation of
a sinking fund, to a duty on tea and coffee, to the collection,
safe-keeping, and disbursement of the public moneys, to the
coinage, and the establishment of a branch mint at the city
of New York, to the amendment o£the sub-treasury act, and
to the estimated expenditures of the Government, be refer-
red to the Committee of Ways and Means."
The question was then stated on the second
branch of the said resolution, viz:
" And that the said committee be instructed to inquire
into the expediency of raising annually, during the contin-
uance of the war with Mexico and until the payment of the
public debt, the sum of live millions of dollars, to be assessed
on personal property, stocks, and money at mteiest, and
apportioned among the several States, a* piovided by the
Constitution."
The question on agreeing to the above was de-
cided by yeas and nays, as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ashmun, Botts, Brodhead, Curt, Chase,
Clapp; Franklin Clark, Collins, Crowell, Duet, Fries,
Games, Gtddmgs, Gott, Gregory, Grinnell, Hunt, Andrew
Johnson, George W. Jones, William T. Lawrence, Sidney
Lawrence, Lord, Marvin, Mullin, NeJ&on, Nicoll, Pal trey,
Petrie, Pillsbury, Putnam, Reynolds, Julius Rockwell, Rum-
scy, St. John, Shernll, Caleb 8. Smith, Robert Sinitn, Van
Dvke, Wentworth, White, Williams, Wiley, Wilmot, and
Woodward—44.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Q.uincy Adams, Green
Adams, Atkinson, Barringer, Barrow, Bavly, Bedie, Bed-
mger, Birdsall, Black, Bianehard,Bocock, Bowdon, Bowhn,
Boyd, Brady, William G. Biown, Chailes Biown, Albeit
G. Biown, Buckner, Butler, Cabell, Canby, Cathcart, Chap-
man, Beverly L.Clark, Clingman, Howell Cobb, William-
son R. W.Cobb, Conger, Cranston, Crisfield, Crozier, Daniel,
Dickey, Dickinson, Dixon, Donnell, Daniel Duncan, Gar-
nett Duncan, Dunn, Edwards, Embree, Alexander Evans,
Nathan Evans, Faran, Farreily, Featherston,Fisher, Fiour-
noy, Frecdley, French, Fulton, Gajle, Gentry, Goggin,
Green, Hale, Willard P. Hall, Nathan K. Hall, Hammons,
James G. Hampton, Most* Hampton, IlataJson, Harris,
Henley, Ilenry, Hill, Ehas B. Holmes, George S. Hou-ton,
John W. Houston, Hubbard, Irvin, Iverson, James H. John-
son, John W. Jones, Kaufman, Kellogg, Kennon, Thomas
Butler King, Darnel P. King, Lahm, La S£re,Lcffier, Levin,
Ligon, Lincoln, Lumpkin, Maclay, McClelland, McDowell,
Mcllvaine, McKay, McLane, Mann, Marsh, Meade, Morris,
Murphy, Newall, Outlaw, Pea>lee, Peck, Pejion, Phelps,
Pollock, Preston, Richardson, Richey, Rockhill, John A.
Rockwall, Root, Sawjer, Shepperd, Suns, Simgeriand,
Truman -Smith, Stanton, Stephens, Andrew Stewart, Clms.
E. Stuart, Stmhm, Strong, Sylvester, Tallmadge, TavJoi,
Thomas. James Thompson, Richard W. Thompson, John
B. Thompson, Robert A. Thompson, William Thompson,
Thurston, Toombs, Turner, Venahle, Ymton, WaireH,
Wick, and Wilson—143.
So the second branch of the 8th resolution was
disagreed to.
The 9th, 10th, 11th, 12th, and 13th resolutions
were read and concurred in.
The 14th resolution was then read, as follows:
"That so much of said message as declares that it may
became proper for our commanding generals in the field to
give encouragement and assurances of protection to such
friends of peace in Mexico as will establish a government
there, able and willing to conclude a peace with u«, 'and
secure to us the indemnity we demand,' be referred to a
select 001™™^^/'
On the question of concurrence by the House in
this resolution the yeas and nays were taken, and
resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Uuincy Adams, A^hmun,
Barringer, Barrow, Dlanchard, Botts, Bradv, Buckner, But-
ler, Cabell, Chapman, Chngman, Cocke, Conger, Cranston,
Cnsneld, Crowcll, Crozier, Dickey, Dixon, Donneil, Duer,
Daniel Duncan, GarneU Duncan, Dunn, Edwards, Embr<-e,
Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fairellv, Fisher Flournov
Fn-edloy, Fulton, Gaines, Gayle, Gentty, Giddings. Goggih!
Gott, Gregory, Gnnnell, Hale, Nathan K*. Hall, Moses H imp-
ton, Haskell, Henry, Ehas B. Holmes, John W. Houston,
Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt, Irvin, John W. Jones, Kel!o« 
Thomas Butler King, Daniel P. King, William T. Lawence'
Levin, Lincoln, Mcflvainc, Marsh, Morehead, Mullm'
Nelson, Newall, Outlaw. Paifrev, Pendleton, Pollock Pres-
ton, Putnam, Reynold.-, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwall
Hoot. Rumsey, St. John, Shepperd, Shernll, Slmgerland'
Truman Smith, Stephens, Andrew Stewart, Stroimi Sil-
vester, Talliriadge, Taylor, Tompkins, Richard W. Thomp-
son, John B. Thompson, Toombs, Van Dyke, Vinton, War-
ren. Whit.', and Wiison^-98.
NAYS—Me-sr-. Atkinson, Baylv, Beale, Bedingvr, Bing-
ham, Bird-'ill, Black, Boeock, Bowdon, Boyd, William G.
Brown, Charles Brown, Albert G. Brown, Burt, Cathcart
Chase, Clapp, Franklin Claik, Beverly L. Clark, Howell
Cobb, Williamson 11. W Cobb, Collin a. Darnel, Djckm<on,
Faran, Ficklin, Fries, French, Willard P. Hall, Hammons,
Haralson, Hani-, Henley, lliH,Geoige S. Houston. Person!
Andicvv Johnson, James H Johnson, Robeit W. Johnson,
George W. Jone^, Kaufman, Kennon, Lahm, La S6re Sid-
>fy„Lawr,ir,c'tJ' Liffon, Lord, Lumpkin, McCielldnd,
McCIernand, McDowell, M'-Ka^-. McLane, Mann, Meade,
Moms, Morse, Murphy, Nioli, Pea-lee, Peck, Puton
Phelps, Pillsbury, Rhett, Richardson, Riehoy, Roikhill
nawyer, Simpson, Sinn, Robert Smith, Stanton, Charles E.
Stuart, Thomas, James Thompson, Robert A. Thompson,
William Thompson, Thurston, Turner, Venalle, Went-
woith, Wick, Williams, Wiley, Wilmot, and Woodward
—88.
So the 14th resolution was concurred in.
The 15th and last resolution was then read, viz:
" That so much of said message as relates to the manner
in which the war with Mexico ought to be prosecuted, and
the policy that should be pursued in respeettoit, be referred
to a select committee consisting of nine members."
On the question of concurrence in this resolu-
tion, the yeas and nays were taken, and resulted
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Quincy Adams, Green Ad-
ams, Ashmun, Barringer, Barrow, Black, Blanchard, Botts,
Boyd, Brady, Buckner, Butler, Cabell, Cathcart. Chapman,
Clingman, Cocke, Collins, Conger, Cranston, Cn^field,
Crowe!!, Crozier, Dickinson, Dixon, Donnell, Duer, Daniel
Duncan, Garnett Duncan, Dunn, Edwards, Embree, Alex-
ander Evans,Nathan Evans, Farrelly,Featherston, Ficklm,
Fisher, Flournoy, Freedley, Fulton, Gaines, Gayle, Gentry,
Giddings, Goggin, Gott, Gregory, Grinnell, Hale, Nathan K.
Hall, James G. Hampton, Moses Hampton, Haskell, Henry,
Enas B. Holmes, John W. Houston, Hubbard, Hudson,
Hunt, Irvin, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, John W.
Jones, Kellogg, T. B. King, Daniel P. King, W. T. Law-
i renc-e, S Lawrence, Leffler, Lincoln, Mcflvaine, Marsh,
Marvin, Morehead, Mullin, Nelson, Newall, Outlaw, Pal-
frey, Pendleton. Pollock, Preston, Putnam, Reynolds, Rich-
aidson, Julius Rockwell, John A.Rockwell, Root, Kumsey,
St. John, Sawyer, Shepperd, SherriU, Svlvester, Simpson,
Slmgerland, Truman Smith, Staikweatlier, Stephens, An-
drew Stewart, Strohm, TaJlmadge, Taylor, Tompkins, R.
W. Thompson, John B. Thompson, Toombs, Van Dyke,
Vinton. Warren, White, and Wilson—114.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkinson, Bajly, Beale, Redmger, Bird-
sail, Boeork, Bowdon, Bowlin, Biodhead, Wm. G. Brown,
Charles Brown, Albert G. Brown, Clapp, Fiankhn Clark.
Beverly L. Clark, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Daniel, Faran, Fries, French, Green,W. P. I-lall, Hammons,
Haralson, Harris, Henley, Hill, George S. Houston, Tverson,
James H. Johnson, Robeit W. Johnson, Kaufman, Kennon,
Lahm.LaSSre, Ligon, Lumpkin,McClelland, McCIernand,
McDowell, McKay, McLane, Mann, Meade, Morris, Nicoll,
Peaslee, Peck, Petrie, Pejton, Phelps, Pillsbury, Rhctt,
Richey, Rockhill, Sims, Robert Smith, Stanton, Charles E.
Stuart, Thomas, James Thompson, Robert A. Thompson,
Wm. Thompson, Thurston, Turner, Venable, Wentworth,
Williams, Wiley, and Wilmot—73.
So the 15th resolution was concurred in.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, rose and said he was
confined to his bed by severe indisposition on
Monday last, when the States were called for
resolutions. He therefore asked the indulgence
of the House to permit him at this time to intro-
duce two bills, of which previous notice had been
given.
Leave being granted—
Mr. C. introduced a bill to amend an act en-
titled " An act to raise, for a limited time, an ad-
ditional military force, and for other purposes,"
approved February 11, 1847; and a bill to reduce
and graduate the price of the public lands to ac-,
tua! settlers and cultivators; which bills were read
and referred.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill regulating the appoint-
ment of clerks in the Executive departments, and
for other purposes. Read and committed, and
made the special order for Thursday next.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, from the
Committee of Claims, reported bills for the relief
of Joshua Kennedy, deceased; for the relief of
G. DeLirac; for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Captain George R. Shoemaker, deceased;
and for the relief of Charles Waldron; which bills
were severally read and committed.
Mr. WILMOT, from the same committee, re-
potted a bill for the relief of Lyon & Howard,
Read and committed,
Mr. THOMAS, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the petition of George Coch-
ran. Laid on the table.
Mr. NELSON, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Elisha F. Richards.
Read and committed,
Mr. CROWELL, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Jeremiah Moor.
Read and committed.
Also, made adverse reports on the petitions of
James Little, Thomas A. Williams, James Gra-
ham, and of Michael Hogan. Laid on the table.
Mr. DANIEL, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Colonel Robert Wal-
lace, aid-de-camp to General William Hull. Read
and committed.
Mr. DUNN, from the same committee, made an
adverse report on the petition of the legal represent-
atives of Isaac D, Taulbee. Laid on the table. 1
Mr. FLOURNOY, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Nimrod Farrow and Richard Harris.
Read and committed.
Mr. HUNT, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported a joint resolution extending the time for
the erection of certain light-houses. The resolu-
tion was twice read.
Mri H. moved that the joint resolution be now
put on its passage*.
After some debate by Mr. HUNT, Mr. HOUS-
' TON of Alabama, and Mr. McKAY—■
! Mr. McKAY moved to commit the resolution to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
: Union. Disagreed to.
I The joint resolution was then ordered to be en-
; grossed and read a third time.
Mr. HUNT, from the Committee on Commerce,
: reported bills making an appropriation for im-
i provingand repairing the harborat Buffalo; making
an appropriation to improve the navigation of the
I Mississippi river; making appropriations for the
; preservation £ind repairs of the public works upon
| certain harbors and rivers, and for the survey of
| ceitain harbors; providing for the repair of certain
j marine hospitals; which bills were severally read
and committed.
! And then the House adjourned.
! [Mr. MEADE, on offering his resolution, on
! the 31st January, declaring it inexpedient to annex
: the whole of Mexico, &c., (see Congressional
j Globe, page 269,) called for the previous question;
; but the call was not sustained by the House.]
! PETITIONS, &c.
; The following petitions were presented and re-
I ferred:
\ By Mr. RICHEY: The petition of L. D. Cory and 48
' other citizens of Washington county, in the State of Ohio,
1 praying for a proportionate reduction of postage on all news-
1 papers, containing notmoie than five hundred square inches
I in size.
I By Mr. MANN: The memorial and petition of Lawrence
I Taliaferro, late Indian agent at St. Peter's, praying to be al-
i lowed rent for buildings lor the u?e of the Indian agency at
1 that place, occupied for that purpose. Also, the petition
j of Abram Blinker, of Butler County, Pennsylvania, for the
, amount due from Government on certificate for services m
; the revolutionary war. AIm>, the petition of Joseph Shaw,
I Tobias Hammer, and 71 others, citizens of Cambria county,
i Pennsylvania, seturigtorth the inequality of the rates of post-
■ age on newspapers, and praying a reduction of postage on ail
newspapers not containing more than live hundred square
: inches. Also, the petition of Barbara Lancaster, of West-
moreland county, Pennsylvania, iormerjy vviaow of Hugh
Grcci, who wa> a soldier in the war ot 1812, and died m ser-
vice, for his bounty lands.
By Mr. HAMMONS: The petition of Edward Clark and
others, of bally Taylor, of Abigail Goodwin, ot Lewis Good-
win and otheis, of Samuel Stacy and others, for their pro-
portions of the Bergen puzes taken by the squadron of John
Paul Jones.
By Mr. RUMSEY: The petition of inhabitants of Porter
county, Pennsylvania, and Alleghany county, New York,
for a post road from Honeove Valley, by way of Conders-
port and McThay's Mill, to WelbvilJe, New York.
By Mr. ROSE: The memonal of the citizens of Canan-
daiaua, Nevv York, on the di«ea«e of the potato.
By Mr TAYLOR: The petition of James Moore and 36
oihcis, citizens of Pike count}, Ohio, praying a reduction
of the postage on small newspapers.
By Mi. PUTNAM. The petition of inhabitants of the
county of Oiange, New York, praying for a reduction of
postage on nevi ^papers, and particularly on small papers de-
signed for juvenile rending. Also, a like petition ofinhabit-
ants of Litchfield, Connecticut. Also, the petition of Eunice
Crossman, the widow of a revolutionary officer, praying to
be placed on the pension list.
By Mr. HARALSON: The petition and papers of Marga-
ret G. Leverett, widow of Thomas Leverett, lor a pension.
By Mr. CROWELL: The petition of S. C. Beaidslevand
others, citizens of Portage county, Ohio, pi.tymg the reduc-
tion of postage one-halt, on all papers containing not more
than five hundred square inches.
By .Mi. EDWARDS: The petition of S. II. Zink, of Ohio,
for pay for «nb>i- tmg volunteers.
By Mr. BEDJNUER: The petition of T. J. W. Sullivan
and others, citizens ol Jefferson county, Vnuima. prajing a
change in the rate^ of postage on certain new-papois.
By Mr. STEWART, of Penns\lvama. The resolutions of
the Pennsylvania Legislature, in favor of the repeal of the
act of Congress of the lid of March, 1847, charging postage
on certain newspapers.
By Mr. STUART, ol Michigan: Petitions of citizens of
New Buffalo, Michigan, for an appiopnation to improve the
haiboi at that place.
By Mr.CRoWELL: The petition of Nelson Spencer and
others, citizens ol Newton Falls, Trumbull county, Ohio,
praying for peace with Mexico. Also, the petition of L. M.
Miller and other-, citizens ot Summit county, Ohio, praj mg
a reduction oi postage on occasional newspapers not sent
from the oilier of publication.
By Mr. 11OLMES, of New-York: The petition of General
Jac< b Could, in relation to the United Slates district courts
for the northern di-trict of New York.
By Mr. GAf NES: The petitioti of Captain C. M. Clay, for
propei ty lost ifi Mexico.
