1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 3, 1848.
Mr. FELCH presented a memorial of citizens
of New Buffalo, in the State of Michigan, praying
the establishment of a naval depot at that place;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. DIX presented a memorial from merchants
of the city of New York, asking that foreign wheat
may he imported free of duty, for the purpose of
being ground for exportation; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce. *
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented a me-
morial from the representatives of the yearly
meeting of the Society of Friends for New Eng-
land, asking that Congress will, in its wisdom,
adopt such measures as will bring the war with
Mexico to a speedy termination; which was laid
on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported a bill to allow arrearages of pension to
Hugh W. Dobbin, an officer in the late war, ac-
companied by a report; which was read a first
time.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Anna J.
Hassler, accompanied by a report; which was read
a first time.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill to carry into effect certain
provisions in the treaties between the United States
and China and the Ottoman Porte, giving certain
judicial powers to ministers and consuls of the
United States in those countries; which was read
a first time.
Mr. ASHLEY said it was the desire of the com-
mittee that this bill should be passed before the de-
parture of the Commissioner to China.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported an adverse report on the me-
morial of Joseph Bouchard; which was read a first
time.
Mr. BALDWIN submitted the following reso-
lutions, which were ordered to be printed:
Resolvcdy That if any territory shall heieafter be acquired
by the United States or ,annexed thereto, the act hy which
such territory is acquired or annexed, whatever such act may
be, should contain an unalterable fundamental article or pro-
vision whereby slavery or involuntary servitude, except as
punishment for crime, shall be forever excluded from the
territory acquired or annexed.
He sjlvcd, That in any cofesion of territory that may be ac-
quired as the result of the war with Mexico, the desire of
that Republic, expressed by her commissioners in their ne-
gotiation with Mr. Trisr, to provide lor the protection of the
inhabitant# of the ceded territory auainst the introduction of
tho^ytem of human slavery fheiem by a stipulation to that
eflVct in any peaty riiat may be made, cannot, consistently
with the iijjhtsof thOMi inhabitants, or with the principles of
justice and liberty, which have been proclaimed to, the world
as the basis of our institutions, he disiegaided or denied.
GENERAL ORDERS.
The following bills were severally considered as
in Committee of the Whole, and after having been
ordered to be engrossed, were subsequently'read
a third time by unanimous consent ana passed:
A bill for the relief of Peter Capella, administra-
tor of Andrew Capella, and for the relief of John
Capa, and for the relief of Elijah Pettit and Han-
nah Pettit, his wife, heirs of John Beardon, de-
ceased m
A bill for the relief of Charles L. Dell.
A bill for the relief of Richard S. Coxe.
The bill from the House of Representatives de-
fining the boundary between Missouri and Arkan-
sas was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill for the relief of Cad-
walader Wallace.
Mr. BERRIEN. As that is a bill making a
large appropriation, I should be glad to hear some
statement of the grounds on which the committee
have recommended it.
Mr. CORWIN. It is true, as has been stated
by the Senator from Georgia, that it is a bill in-
volving a pretty large appropriation. I reported
it myself from the Committee on Public Lands,
and I hope that the attention of the Senate will be
directed to it, as I esteem it one which deserves
consideration; and, therefore, I shall move that it
be laid by informally for the present, so that when
taken up, the Senate may be prepared to act
upon it.
The bill was then passed over informally.
THE TEN-REGIMENT BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
to raise, for a limited time, an additional'military
force; when—
Mr. BELL resumed his remarks, by expressing
his personal obligation to the Senate for an indul-
gence which had not been extended to others. He
repeated his position, that according to the views
it had expressed, the Administration could not
make a treaty with the present Government of
Mexico. And further, that the course pursued by
ourcommandingoffrcers in Mexico, proved that the
Administration hadnodesign tomakesuch treaty.
He had put the question to the Military chair-
man, whether the Administration would accept a
treaty ceding California and New Mexico? The
chairman declined to give any direct answer. He
merely replied that the Administration would ac-
cept a treaty which gave indemnity for the past
and security for the future. The honorable chair-
man had said he would be willing to take the Sierra
Madre as a boundary. The answers of the chair-
man were properly discreet. It was not to be
expected that the precise character of the security
to be given could now be settled.
The operations of the army in Mexico, and the
instructions given to the commanding general,
were, to his mind, proofs that the policy devised
by the Administration was now in a course of pro-
gressive development. He referred to some re-
marks of the gallant Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Davis,] that one object of this bill would be, to
relieve some of our broken-down regiments; also,
to his remarks at another time, that for protracted
warfare and garrison duty, regulars are more suit-
able than volunteers. All this tended to prove a
design on the part of the Administration not to
accept a treaty, but to retain military occupation
of the territory, until a government could be built
up able to give the security demanded for the
future.
Mr. DAYIS explained, that although he had
used the language, he had not in his mind the ob-
ject which had been stated by the Senator from
Tennessee. He disclaimed the idea that our Gov-
ernment could interfere with the domestic institu-
tions of Mexico. Instead of desiring a protracted
occupation, he was only anxious to crush a peace
out of Mexico. He prayed God that the Govern-
ment of Herrera might give us a peace. The
Sierra Madre would be a proper boundary.
Mr. BELL resumed. He asked if the gallant
Senator could say that this boundary would be
satisfactory to his own party, to the President,
and to the Senate, lie would he very happy to
believe that the views of the gallant Senator were
those of all the friends with whom he was asso-
ciated; but he feared such was not the fact.
He assumed that it was the policy of the Ad-
ministration not to make a peace; and the passage
of this bill was proof of the fact. He had not
seen the estimate of General Scott as to the num-
ber of troops which he deemed necessary. Theie
were now 45,000 troops in Mexico; and for what
other purpose were these additional regiments re-
quired, unless to retain permanent occupation? It
appeared that our army is m alliance with a great
party in the city of Mexico; that a conciliatory
course has been pursued, by relieving the people
of the internal taxes; and that this party desires
our troops to retain military possession. He be--
lieved it was the policy of our Government to hold
possession until the country became traiiqiulized,
and the government permanent. He said he could
easily see that Senators on the other side were not
all united among themselves as to the proper policy
to be pursued.
He desired now to examine whether it is practi-
cable to carry out the policy which the Govern-
ment is now carrying on. He hoped to hear from
a Senator now sitting at his ease on the other side
of the Chamber, [Mr. Benton,] before the close
of the discussion. That Senator well knew the
mountains of difficulties which lie in the way.
He looked at a large proportion of the Mexican
population, not less than four out of the aggregate
of eight millions, degraded, vile, addicted to every
vice; another portion, of about two millions, of
mixed blood, who were somewhat superior to the
first, although they arc laborers; there was a mil-
lion of the white race,1 rancheros, land proprietors,
who are separated from the mass by the hatred,
the mutual hatred, which exists between them,
and presents an insuperable barrier between them.
There are about twenty languages spoken in Mex-
ico. Even the Spanish language* i  not understood
by many of the alcaldes, who have to examine
passports. The soldier in the ranks^ frequently
cannot understand the language of the officer next
above him. We must take the property of the
proprietors, and distribute it, before we can carry
out our policy of permanent possession* ^ The
white race are the descendants of the Visigoths
and Suevi, who overran the Roman empire. The
clergy also constitute an impediment. He took no-
exception to any religious creed; but where there
is no toleration rof freedom of opinion, there can
be no improvement. The Romish religion'might
be the true religion; but wherever Protestantism
prevails, civilization and liberality are to be found
m the greatest degree.
Mr. B. contended that any further advance to
an understanding with the Puros and Republican
party will commit us to, permanent occupation.
The party which we countenance will become com-
promised; and we cannot then abandon them,
without being guilty of baseness. We must pro-
tect them, and the occupation of a few months
will grow into an occupation forever. How will
it be determined when our troops might be safely
withdrawn? The pay of the Mexican lancer is
two dollars a day, and he subsists himself and his
horse, and makes up the deficiency by plunder.
Withdraw the United States troops, and these will
pour out from all the mountains and gorges, and
desolate the country.
The regiments contemplated by the present bill
cannot be organized in much less than a year.
And when that force shall have garrisoned the forts
and cities, our people will flock into the country*
and they will be constantly exposed to the attacks
of the lawless bands which will swarm around
them.
By enabling the Puros to form a government,
and undertaking their protection, we shall gradu-
ally build up a more potent power in the numbers
of our own people, which will soon become set-
tlers, and will demand protection. So that our
army will never be withdrawn. And this will be
the last act of the national drama, when the force
of circumstances will compel us to hold the whole
country by right of conquest.
Mr. B. quoted some passages from the message
of the President, which, in his opinion, sustained
his view of the necessity which would arise for
the permanent occupation of the country. He
asked when the political millenium indicated by
the Executive would be perfected? Could it cease
in ten months, or would it not require a lapse of
years? Can we indoctrinate them with our {po-
litical principles in less time? The President him-
self looked to the possibility that the final measure
which would be forced on us would be the taking
entire possession of the Mexican country, and
governing it according to our own principles.
He quoted also from a letter of the Secretary
of State in support of the same views. He also,
adverted to the remark of agallant general charging
that the Whigs were running against destiny, as-
serting that they would break their necks against
destiny; while another general intimated that it
would be proper for us to take the innocent people
of Mexico into our care, and retain them under
our protection.
What shall we do with Mexico, if we annex
her? She will bo cut up into twenty States. Her
degraded mass will at least be a basis of repre-
sentation; and thus, for five millions, taking a
basis of one hundred thousand for a representa-
tive, there would be fifty new Representatives.
There would be forty new Senators, men of this
mixed race, taking their seats here; and this would
make the Senate a more interesting spectacle. Our
Chamber must be enlarged; and by and by we
may find it necessary to centralize our Capitol.
Senators on the other side will say, we will
have none of this. How will it be prevented ?
Gentlemen would be willing to take^them in a
state of pupilage, and to hold them so, until they
became sufficiently instructed to become Pa,^0' us*
He wished to know what was the difference
between an appendage, and suggested that as offi-
cers would be the tutors, and bayonets the rods,
we might hope to enlighten these new citizens.
The debt of Mexico,"the condition of the clergy—
these are obstacles, which will have to be sur-
mounted.
