302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4,
Mr. SEVIER said, he should have taken no
part in the discussion had it been confined to the
meriis of the ten-regiment bill, nor would he now
go very much at length into the debate.
He would vote for the bill because it was re-
commended by the proper authority, because it
was approved by the Military Committee, because
it would accelerate peace, and give financial relief
to the treasury. But his chief object in rising was
to defend the President .against the attacks which
had been made on him.
He referred the origin of the war to the attack
made by the Mexicans on Thornton and Hardee,
on which the President founded his war message.
It had been asserted that the annexation of Texas
was a cause of the war. This was one of the remote
causes, of which the President was guiltless, as
well as of others which had been referred to, and
which took place long before the President came
into power. Texas will be held, every part and
parcel, by us, in spite of the denunciations of the
opposite party; and if Mexico should be deprived
of any more of her territory, it may be attributed
to the efforts of the same party. The President
inherited both the great questions—Oregon and
Texas. He desired to go back into the history of
these twin sisters.
Texas was settled hy United States citizens; she
revolted from Mexico, and was admitted into this
Confederacy. Two propositions were rejected by
Presidents Jackson and Van Buren, out of defer-
ence to the opinion of the world. Subsequently,
she was invited into our Union; and for reasons
which she assigned, she consented. A treaty was
submitted to the Senate, a copy of which found its
way into the newspapers, and the excitement be-
came intense. This took place just before the
meetings of the conventions for the nomination of
a President. The treaty was rejected; an issue
was then made, previous to the elections of No-
vember, 1844, and the result.was the election of
the present Executive.
A resolution to admit Texas was submitted in
the House of Representatives, was passed by a
small majority,and sent to the Senate, where it was
referred to a committee, which reported againstit.
A compromise was then made, and the resolution
was amended, and carried by Senators who should
never be forgotten by Texas, among whom were
three gentlemen from the other side—Merrick,
Henderson, and Reverdy Johxso>*. The lesult
was transmitted on the last day of the session to
Texas.
The difficulties which had arisen out of these
events had, in his opinion, been managed hy the
President with the greatest sagacity ana wisdom.
He then proceeded to state in detail what those
steps were. He followed the course of General
Taylor from his first movement in June, 1845,
until August, 1845, when he reached Corpus
Christi. In October he received informatics from
the Department that there would probably be no
invasion of Texas.
The President states, that previous to Septem-
ber, 1845, there was a disposition on the part of
Mexico to settle ail differences. Mr. JBlack, our
consul, was then written to, to ascertain the feel-
ing of the Government, and to him the Mexican
Secretary of State communicated the readiness of
the Government to receive a United States minister
to settle all disputes.
Thus thingvs stood when Congress assembled in
December, 1845, when, in consequence of the
President's message, we put the whole of this
coast under our jurisdiction. "Where was the in-
dignation of the opposite party? Did they wait
for the cannon of Palo Alto to wake up their
brains and their tongues?
Our minister presented himself, and Mexico
refused to receive Mm. He remained there until
the revolution had placed Paredes in power. Mr.
Slide!!, m a letter dated 6th December, which
reached this city in January, communicated all
these events, arid after this, the order to General
Taylor, which has been so censured, was issued.
He then recited and replied to the various ob-
jections made to this order, which he maintained
that the President had a constitutional power to
issue, and which circumstances fully justified. He
insisted that the territory of Texas stretched to the
east bank of the Rio Grande; that from the time
of the battle of San Jacinto in ]83S, the Mexicans
had never crossed from the west bank, except on
two occasions, when bands came over to plunder,
and returned without any booty. Texas had ex-
pelled the Mexicans from this territory, had es-
tablished her civil jurisdiction over it, and had
sent into it a surveyor to survey the lands. He
inferred from these facts, that Texas had as clear
a right to the territory up to the Rio Grande, as
we have to these United States. In reply to what
had been said concerning the distance for voters to
go to Corpus Christi, he referred to the condition
of Arkansas, since his youth, to show the distance
which grand jurors had to travel to the courts on
which they were summoned to serve, some two
hundred or two hundred and fifty miles. The
inhabitants on the Rio Grande who had to travel
to Corpus Christi, were, in fact, better off than the
original settlers in Arkansas. The inhabitants of
that region were left by Texas in the full enjoy-
ment of all the privileges which they had previously
possessed.
He adverted to the resolution of the Senator from
Missouri, calling on the department to ascertain
the boundary we asked. In reply, a map was
furnished, showing that it extended to the Rio
Grande. It was the duty of the United States to
hold on to this territory, until it should be proved
that our claim was unsustainable. Our Govern-
ment had sent minister after minister to decide the
question, but Mexico had stubbornly rejected
every overture to that effect.
He reminded the Senate of the anxiety and ex-
citement which prevailed pending the discussion of
the Oregon question; and of the negotiations which
brought about the settlement of thatdifficuhy. Yet
Mexico could not be prevailed upon to settle the
difficulty between her and the United States by ne-
gotiation.
The information communicated by Captain Con-
ner to General Taylor, that eight thousand Mexi-
cans were on their march to the Rio Grande, was
before General Taylor made a movement. He
referred also to the conespondence of General
Taylor which showed that he had found Mexi-
can troops prepared for hostile operations, and to
other facts, to prove that the Mexicans had march-
ed to the Rio Grande, for the purpose of invading
our territory, before it was ever known that Gen-
eral Taylor was on his march.
He regretted that the Senator from Maryland
should have made it a ground of reproach against
the President that General Taylor was not sus- ,
tained, and stated that General Taylor had author- :
lty to make requisitions on several Governors, and
to raise pecuniary means, whenever, in his opm- i
ion, the exigencies of the service should require
them.
In referenceto the resolutions for the annexation j
of Texas, he stated that there was no difference
between the two on the subject of boundary, and j
therefore the President was not censurable for his ■
selection between them on the ground assumed by
some Senators on the other side.
He drew a distinction between the cases of 1803
and 1806—that of Louisiana and Florida—regard-
ing them as aggressive acts, the object of which
was the invasion of the possessions of Fiance and
Spain-—while our case now was one of necessary ,
defence.
He concluded from all that he had said that the 1
President had acted, in entering into the war, with
the greatest prudence, wisdom, and forbearance. !
On the subject of the manner in which the war
had been carried on, he intended to be very brief. j
if the glorious results which had marked its pro- ]
gress throughout were not evidence sufficiently sat- !
isfactory. of the skill and energy with which it had ;
been prosecuted, he could add but little to it. He |
remarked on the perseverance with which Senators ^
on the other side had endeavored to embarrass the
Executive in his movements, by throwing odium ■
on the war, by representations of the dangerous
diseases of the Mexican climate—of the ruin which ;
overhung the treasury—and of the bankruptcy j
which was coming on the country. For the pur- |
pose of facilitating the conclusion of a treaty— !
which Senators in the opposition were clamoring ,
for—the President came to Congress for two mil- i
lions, and then the cry on the other side was,
" Would you buy a peace ?" i
His view of the objects for which we now prose- '
cute the war was, that they are indemnity for our
expenditures, in the shape of territory—and he had !
named California and New Mexico last session; '
and indemnity for the claims of our citizens for spo- \
liations. The President had at one time stated, that '
he regarded Upper California and New Mexico as
adequate indemnity. After several victories had
been won, he did not rise in his terms; and al-
though, subsequently to the capture of the city of
Mexico, he has demanded more, still if atany time
a treaty, embracing Upper California and New
Mexico, had been sent to this*Senate, it would
have been ratified here.
In reply to the position of the Senator from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Bell,] that the President does not
really desire a peace, he (Mr. S.) expressed him-
self surprised, after the President had sought peace
with so much eagerness and solicitude.
Mr. BELL explained that he had stated that the
President was not anxious to make a treaty, unless
he could so make it as to obtain security for the
future.
Mr. CASS asked on what authority the Senator
from Tennessee stated that it was a security against
the interference of foreign nations.
Mr. BELL replied, that it was a deduction from
the policy which had been pursued, and the argu-
ments by which it was defended here. He pro-
tested against being represented as saying the Pres-
ident was not anxious to make a peace—he ought
to be—but that he would not make a peace which
did not offer security for the future.
Mr. SEVIER said the President would not sign
a treaty with a man of straw. He would consider
a treaty on parchment as pretty good authority in
itself. He would make a treaty with any stable
government, for he would say that no man could
he more averse to the war than the President had
been from the first. It had been asked, Would
California and New Mexico be sufficient? He
thought the Senator from Tennessee, and his
friends, must have received information that Mr.
Trist had made a treaty. He had thought of rising
and putting the question solemnly, Had the friends
of General Scott received any information of any
treaty which had been made?
Mr. BELL disavowed any knowledge of the
kind. Had the Senator any knowledge of any such
treaty ?
Mr. SEVIER, not a word. The President
wants a fair indemnity in territory, or otherwise.
He had never thought of taking the whole of Mexi-
co. Never, until the beginning of this session, had
he ever heard it imputed to the President, or his
Cabinet, that he desired this. And if things are
taking this tendency, it will be because of the course
of argument which has been pursued here. The
Senator from Maryland had stated that he would
be willing to take a little territory in satisfaction of
claims, yet he would scorn to take indemnity in
territory. Another Senator had asserted, that he
would have the troops withdrawn by the shortest
road and the cheapest way. Senators made up
their own issues, and then deduced their various
conclusions, without reference to the true facts.
He was in favor of advancing, rather than any
inglorious retreat. If we withdrew our troops—if
they came back without a peace—we should leave
an exasperated enemy behind us, and this would
lead to a series of new outrages of the most iament-
able character. As to what the Senator from Ten-
nessee had said on the subject of classes, and the
impossibility of civilizing the mass, he reminded
that Senator of his own system for the lemoval of
the Indians to the West. In carrying out that
system, bills had been passed locating some of
these Indians on the borders of Arkansas, where
they had formed themselves into a government,
and had since flourished, and had become an order-
ly, prosperous, and easily-governed people. He
did not see any greater difficulty in civilizing and
governing the mass of Mexicans.
As to the right of voting, he did not know that
the Mexicans would gain it from the Constitution.
The Indians had notgone up to vote that he knew
of.
He took great exception to the resemblance
drawn by the Senator from Tennessee between the
war of Cortez and this war—making glory and
gold the objects of its further prosecution. He de-
fended the Administration against this charge. He
denied that the friends of the President or of this
bill were actuated by any such base motives. As
to the reference drawn from the abolition of the
transit duties that General Scott was endeavoring
to conciliate the people, instead of collecting these
taxes, General Scott receives a sum in lieu of the
amount. The Senator had also asked if we would
take the public debt of Mexico. He replied, that
