308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7,
election was mnde; was it for Mr. Buchanan to
come out and denounce it? W hat could Mr. r>u-
e.honan have done1 Was any cali made on him r
He asserted that there never was a call made on
Mr. Buchanan to denounce the election of General
Cameron. General Cameron professed to be a
Democrat; he voted with Democrats; and he was a
Democrat; and in h's election Mr. Buchanan acqui-
esced, as he (Mr. Thompson) and others had done.
Mr. VVILMOT#rose and said the gentleman was
misinformed. , A call had been made upon Mr.
Buchanan, to come out in condemnation of the
manner of Mr. Cameron's election.
Mr. THOMPSON interposed to stop the re-
marks of his colleague, who had had his hour,
and had occupied it quite satisfactorily to himself,
doubtless, if to the satisfaction of nobody else.
He had never heard of Mr. Buchanan refusing
permission to publish any correspondence. He
had heard that Mr. Buchanan addressed an open,
fair, and above-board letter to a committee.
But he would proceed. It was unjust to rake
up old charges against Mr. Buchanan, unless they
were well founded, which some of those made by
his colleague he knew were not. His colleague
might have believed them to" be well founded.
There was, however, sometimes a resort to imagin-
ation when facts did not exist. He would here
say that there never was a man in the State of
Pennsylvania more popular than James Buchanan.
His popularity was spontaneously bestowed by
the people, on account of his punty of character
and great ability. This was exhibited in their pri-
mary meetings, as in their county and city con-
ventions; and at the convention of the 4th March,
Mr. Buchanan would have one hundred votes out
of one hundred and thirty-three delegates. Yes,
and the Democratic party in his colleague's Con-
gressional district would vote for Mr. Buchanan.
He would undertake to say, that, notwithstanding
all the efforts that might be made in the Susque-
hanna Congressional district, instructions would
not be obtained against him; whereas, at a large
meeting held in one county, the course pursued by
his colleague had been condemned, if not in others
also. The people esteemed Mr. Buchanan more
highly than any man : and with a view to give the
woild a fair opportunity to judge on this subject,
he would here state that this was not the first time
his colleague had stood alone, not one member of
the Pennsylvania delegation occupying the posi-
tion with him. He differed from his colleagues
on the Oregon question, and on the tariff also. He
differed on other questions likewise, and the De-
mocracy denounced him. Let him go home. It was
sometimes much safer and much pleasanter to sit
here than to go home. No man was more popular
with his colleague's constituents than Mr. Buchan-
an. The people have spoken, and nothing would
tempt them to detract from his character and stand-
ing. He should have allowed his colleague to
have taken his seat without observation, if his
opposition to Mr. Buchanan had been of a differ-
ent character; but when his colleague's opposition
was personal, when the bitterness which had been
exhioited arose alone from selfish feelings 
(Loud cries of " order."]
The SPEAKER called the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to order.
Mr. WILMOT. Oh! I have no objection to it.
Mr. CHARLES .T. INGERSOLL rose to a
question of order. He had this day heard the
Chair say, that it wes out of order to say that a
man had forfeited respect; now, he never henrd
of a rule which made that contrary to order.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER reiterated his decision, that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thompson]
was out of order.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. In what respect? I
shall have to appeal from the decision of the Chair
on that point.
Mr. THOMPSON resumed, and said he did not
desire to violate the rules or deviate from the
courtesies of the House. He wished the House,
however, to know that all these diversities of
opinion were on personal grounds—entirely per-
sonal; and lie cared not longer to speak of a man
who acted under the impulse of personal feelings.
This House well knew how improper it was to
speak of a gentleman under the influence of such
feelings, and k> the intelligence of the House he
should leave it. What personal feelings could
prompt Mr. Buchanan to superinduce Mr. Ritchie
to write suqfr an article as that which had been
read ?
Mr. WILMOT entered into a conversation from
his seat
The SPEAKER called him to order.
Mr. THOMPSON said he would take the ex-
planation of his colleague. It was because such
an article appeared, not only here but elsewhere.
It was because such articles were multitudinous.
Why, similar articles might appear in fifty differ-
ent papers through the State of Pennsylvania; and ;■
would it follow that they were written by Mr. j!
Buchanan, or instigated by him? Was it neces-
sary that Mr. Buchanan should instigate any .
person to write such productions to induce the
Democracy to speak their sentiments respecting
his colleague5 Mr. Buchanan warred not with his
colleague. He desired it not. He never had
warred with him; and he (Mr. T.) would promise u
his colleague that he never would. i
Mr. WILMOT was understood to ask Mr. i;
Thompson if he had not franked something to his I
(Mr. W.'s) district?
Mr. THOMPSON replied that he might have
franked documents to go there, but he knew not if i
he had. Be had, at the request of a gentleman,
franked the proceedings of a meeting in Philadel- i
phia for tiansmission to the people, but he was not i
aware that Mr. Buchanan knew it. He never told
Mr. Buchanan of it; and cogent evidence it would ;
have been, if he had, of a lofty conspiracy to
interfere with the standing of his colleague in his
own district! The idea was monstrous. He !
never could bear to turn back and traduce any- I
body, especially a man from his own State—a
man of such preeminence of character and stand- !
ing as the Secretary of State—a man identified ■
with Democracy and with the old hero, General 1
Jackson. But he had risen with no intention to
speak in this disjointed manner, nor was it neces-
sary. Mr. Buchanan was a man whose character
was written in the diplomacy of the country in a
manner never to be obliterated. It might not have '
been necessary that he should say this. He
should not have risen at all if Ins colleague had '
made his speech in Pennsylvania. But it was
made here, among strangers to Mr. Buchanan, 1
many of the members being here for the first time. ■
Those to whom Air. Buchanan was more inti-
mately known—the electors of his own State—had
instructed their delegates to their convention to put
forth Mr. Buchanan, and to insist upon his nomi-
nation as the Democratic candidate for the Presi- ;
dency. There were, he believed, from eighty to j
ninety already appointed.
He thanked the House for its indulgence. He
had nothing further to add.
THANKS TO ALBERT GALLATIN.
Mr. GIDDINGS sent to the Clerk's table and
I moved the adoption of certain resolutions, which,
j he said, were expressive of his views on the sub-
j ject to which they referred. He desired the Clerk
} to read them for information.
t Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL objected.
i The SPEAKER said the gentleman from Ohio
| had the right to describe ins resolutions in his
j place.
! Mr. GIDDINGS read his resolutions, as follows:
i Whereas the honor and tiue glorv of ail republican gov-
j ernoients consist m promoting the happiness of their peo-
j pie, bv encouraging education, diffusing intelligence, and
I extending the arts and sciences among them :
And whereas it was einmentlv tbe intention of the great
founders of our institutions that we should exhibit to the
world an elr^ ,ued example of the capability of man fnr.selt-
governmenf, leaving the p°ople of otbfr nations to the en-
joyment oftho&e lights winch we claim for ourselves unin-
fluenced except by our example for justice, magnanimity,
intelligence, and moial purity:
And whereas these objects are irreconcilably opposed to
foieign wars, by which the spint of conquest i< engendered,
a love of nnlitaiy fame is excited, in nhich the peaceful av-
ocations and moral restraint of civil life arc toigotten amid
the carnage, strife, and bIood>h*id of the battie-iield, on
which the live? of thousands of oui fe!iow-n>< n are sacri-
ficed, and by which lamentation, anguish, and wo hip car-
ried to the bosoms of innumerable surviving friends and
relatives:
And whereas, in our present war with Mexico, more than
twenty thousand American citizens have fallen victim's to
the spirit of military ambition, and distress and mourning
are brought upon our own country as well as upon Mexico,
and a national debt has be^n incurred, and mast rest upon
tho^p who ^lieeeed us: Now. therefore,
Revived by the Senate and Home of Represent./tires of the
United State s of America in Congress wscmhlfil, That we re-
gard with satisfaction and piofound respect the labois of
those philanthropists and patriots wbnaro engaged m calling
the attention of the people of these States to a ju t estimate
i of the blessings of*peacc, and to a proper appreciation of the
evils of war.
! Resolved, further, That the thanks of Congrers and the
, gratitude of'the people of the United Prates aie justly due
. to the Hon. Albert Gallatin for his distinguished efforts in thn
cause of truth and humanity, touching the war in which we
; are engaged
' Mr. GIDDINGS subsequently modified his res-
j olution, by substituting; the words " many thou-
i sands" in lieu of the words "more than twenty
I thousand."
j Mr. G. asked the unanimous consent of the
! House to introduce them.
; Objections were made.
Mr. GIDDINGS then moved a suspension of
' the rules .for their introduction.
The motion was agreed to, and the resolutions
were then re^d a fir^t. time.
Mr. MURPHY moved an adjournment; which
was negatived.
The question having been put on the second,
i reading—
! Mr. C. J. INGTCRSOLL desired to offer an
amendment, striking out a portion of the resolu-
!. tion; but
;! The SPEAKER decided it to be out of order.
! Mr. INGERSOLL inquired if it was not on the
same subject—the Mexican war. [Laughter.]
! The SPEAKER said there was no analogy be-
1 tween the gentleman's amendment and a resolution
; of thanks.
Mr. WENT WORTH moved the previous ques-
tion, which was seconded, and the main question
! was ordered to be now put.
Mr. W. called for the yeas and nays on the main
question.
Mr. DUNN moved to lay the whole subject on
the table.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for the yeas and
nays, and they were oidered, and resulted thus:
Yeas 132, nays 45. So the joint resolution was
laid on the table.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which, on the motion of the gen-
tleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] certain
correspondence with General Taylor had been
called for. His object was to offer a resolution as
an amendment, which he desired to be read.
It was read accordingly, as follows:
P.esolred, Thai the President of the United State* be re-
quested to fui nish to this House copies of all con r=pond-
ence between the Secretary of War and Major General
Scott, and between tbe Secretary of War and'Maior Gen-
eial Taylor, and between Major General Scott and N. P.
Tp«t, iatp Commissioner of the United States to Mexico ;
and between the latter and the Secretary of State, which
has not heretofore been published, and the publication of
! which may not be incompatible with the public interest.
: Mr. H., after consideration, offered his amend-
, mfcnt as a resolution. He said he was willing to
' call upon the War Department of this Government
, for all the correspondence had with all our gen-
I erals; and if this resolution were adopted he should
i have no desire to reconsidcr the resolution adopted
: this morning.
i Thejresolution was adopted, and
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
| The following petitions were presented and re-
i fened under the rule:
I3v Mr. MORSE: The petition of J. Gibbs and 71 others,
praying for the establishment of a post route from Mount
: Lebanon to Alexandria, Louisiana,
By Mr. BUTLER: The petition of citizens of Columbia
county, Penn^yhama, asking tor th<> pas? age of a law oau-s-
; ins the ptc^ent mail loute fiom Pottsuile to Cattawissa. to
I start trom Pou?vi!le and end at Towanda. Bradford county;
j and al&o pravirig that said mail be carried dail) (except ^un-
; day) direct fjom Pottsville to Bloom^l ur<r. and continued
i thence to Towanda, via Orangr-ville, three tinie«s a week,
1 and threo times a w^ek from Bloom«bnig. via J(?r?evtown
1 and White Ilall, to Muncy. Aho, the petition of citizens
of Luzerne county, Pennsylvania, piajmp for an immediate
i and moportionate icduetion of postage on all newspapers
I not containing more than fiv*3 hundred square inches. Also,
:; the pc tition of citizens of Lucerne oomitv, Pctmsjlvania,
! asking that the existing laws may b'  so altered as to allow
nevspapeis to be transmitted through the mail free of po«t-
; a«e m the counties m which they are printed, and am dis-
tance within thirty mile*? from the oince of publication;
! al-o, that the provision of the act of Congress* pa-sed 3d
of March, 1847, authoiizmg a charge o( three cents post-
age on all papeis not sent by the "publishers may be re-
'! pealed
By Mr. HOLMES, of w York : The remonstrance of
: Knmin 1 Whiierovv, sen., again-t the billfmther to extend
the patent of Joihm Wood. Al>o, the memorial of W . F.
I Holmes ni'd 186 other*, prajing that the principle* of jlie
1 law-, of diawbaek find warehousing may be >=o extended as
to allow the introduction of Canadian wheat into the fron-
tier lake and river ports, for manufacture into flour, in tin*
United States, under bond, and that upon the actual export-
