310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7,
was subsequently read a third time arid passed, as j
follows:
<>'Be it enacted, $'e„ That the provision* of the first sec-
tion ol the act entitled 4 An a<-t granting half-pay to widows
or orphans, where their husbands and fathers have died of
wounds received m the military service of the United States,
m ceitmn citst*, and foi otnt-r purposes,'' approved July
fourth, eighteen hundred and thnty-six, shall be applicable
to a!! widows and orphans of officers, non-commissioned
officers, musicians, and soldiers of ihe army of the United
States, who vveisi in the army of the United States on the
first (Uy of M.irch, eighteen hundred and foity-six, or at any
subsequent period during the piesent war between the Uni-
ted States and Mexico."
THE TEN-REGIMENT BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the biil
to raise, for a limited time, an additional military-
force.
Mr. BALDWIN. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate, and of the Senator from Virginia, who is
entitled to the floor, to enable me to make an ex-
planation in behalf of my friend and constituent,
Captain Gregory, of the navy, who conceives that
the honorable Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Sifter]
v/as under a misapprehension in regard to a
material fact in the statement made by him, on the
authority of Captain G-re^ory, in the Senate on Fri-
day last.
The honorable Senator from Arkansas, if I cor-
rectly understood him, v.wjendeavoiing to convince
the Senate, that Point Isabel and the harbor of
Brazos Santiago were not in the possession of the
Mexicans at the time of General Taylor's march
upon the Rio Grande, and of his seizure and oc-
cupation of them as a depot for his army, on the
25th of March, 1846. In proof of that position, he
was understood to state to the Senate, that he had
been informed by Captain Gregory that on landing
there he saw only two or three huts slightly built
with forked sticks, and no Mexicans, except a few
vagabonds and fishermen. The Senator from
Arkansas was under the erroneous impression that
Captain Gregory, in the conversation to which he
alluded, had reference to the condition of the place
anterior to the time of its being taken possession of
by General Taylor; whereas, in fact, Point Isabel
and the port of Biazos Santiago had been in the
military occupation of General Taylor more than
a month before the landing of Capt. Gregory, which
was on ihe 8th May—the day on which the battle '
of Palo Alto was fought. Capt. Gregory informs
me that lie then observed the remains of several
dwellings that had been burnt. His conversation
with the Senator from Arkansas was casual and
in general terms, as he was not aware at the tune ■
that information was desired for the purpose of be-
ing communicated to the Senate. He is the more
desirous of correcting the error into which the hon- '
orable Senator has inadvertently fallen, as it places
him somewhat in conflict with the statements of .
General Taylor in his correspondence with the ,
Government. It will be recollected by the Senate, 1
that General Taylor speaks of the harbor of Brazos
Santiago as being the port used by the citizens
of Matamoros in their commerce, and states that
he had given assurances, when at Corpus Christi,
to some'citizens of Matamoros, and on his arrival
at the river had renewed them m a communication
to the commanding general at th.it place, that until
the question of boundary should be definitively
settled, the harbor of Brazos Santiago should be
open to the free use of the Mexicans as hereto-
fore. He also speaks of 45 the Mexican custom-
house officer at Brazos Santiago," and of the
houses that were burnt on the 24th of March by
the port captain, who had made lus escape before
the arrival of the troops; by whom only two or
three inoffensive Mexicans were found, the rest
having left tor Matamoros.
Mr. SEVIER. If the Senator will indulge me
for a moment, I will state, that m the course of my i
remarks the other dav, m referring to the nature
of the settlement at Brazos Santiago, I did men-
tion that I had conversed with Captain Gregory
on the subject, and that his statement confirmed
the inform^ ion which I hud received previously
from Oiher quarters. Certainly, the impression :
left upon my mind was, that Captain Gregory was
there when General Taylor landed. If he had ref-
erence to a subsequent arrival there, [ shall make
the correction with crrcat pleasure. I may add,
that my information was obtained from other
sources, amongst others, from one of the Senators
from Texas, and I alluded to Captam Gregory's
statement as coiroboiatorv of what I had heard
from other gentlemen.
Mr. HUNTER said, if the question merely re-
lated to the addition of ten regiments to the army,
he would have taken no part in the debate. But
I higher and graver questions were involved—ques-
tions involving the interests and the progress of
i the people of the United States. He believed that
; the people of these United States were destined to
, occupy a prominent position in the events which
■ are now in progress throughout the world. He
i referred to the principles on which our system is :
' founded, which had been attempted unsuccessfully 1
' to be applied to Mexican government- He had
, great faith in the soundness of public opinion, 1
but the questions which now call for uur tlehbera-
j tion and decision weie a few yeais ago merely
! subjects of speculation. They have come here ,
I without the piemonitions which shadows general-
i ly cast befoie thenf, and we are called to act on
1 them. He paid that the. war had come upon us
' with a suddenness which prevented preparation, 1
, and that wc had been plunged in it so deeply that 1
: we had now only to meet the consequences which ;
! it has produced. i
He regarded the question to be now, how we :
. should regulate our progress—whether wc should i
- spread our population over distant territories in the 1
; same way that Rome and England had done, by .
! spreading rum befoie and around us, or shall fulfil
our destiny by extending the generous influences
of our system among other communities. Provi- j
deuce hud planted us in this wilderness, and des- ;
tined us to spread freedom of thought and enetgy ;
; of action around us. He adverted to our rapid and
. prosperousgrowth, to the knowledge wc had obtain- ,
( ed of truth by handling it, to the advantage we had >
; derived from our division into various and inde-
I pendent communities, to the duty imposed on us
; to civilize the scene in which we were placed, and ■
' to wrest from the soil a support for man. "We are
■ in a position to accomplish more than any nation
before us has done, and he believed it could be
achieved. lie referred to the modes in which it
- must be done. V/e must diminish the action of
the central power in the several parts; a fraternal
' spirit must be cherished among our people; and
this can only lie done m a homogeneous popula-
tion. But he regretted to soy that he saw not only
m the public prints, but in the language of Sena-
tors here, a growing disposition to annex the whole
of Mexico. He rejoiced to heai the Senator from
Arkansas disclaim, on the part of the Administra-
tion. any such object; but the tendency of all the
argument of his friend from Arkansas seemed to
take that course. He adverted to the expression
of the chairman of the Military Committee, that 1
we could swallow the whole of Mexico, with feel-
ings of regret. He regarded an association with ;
the Mexican people as one to be dreaded, both m I
view of its influence on southern institutions, and
; on account of the impracticability of amalgamating p
, races so distinct and irreconcilable. He asked his I
: friend from Arkansas, if he would treat the In- l!
! (bans, who are now in the exercise of equal privi- i
leges in Mexico, and who legislated for themselves,
' as citizens of the United States?
Mi. FGOTE asked if he was to understand the
Senator as stating that the Indians in Mexico were
in this position ? ',
Mr. HUNTEll stated the German writer on
i whose authority he made the statement. He went
■ on to show tiie impracticability of any union with 1
the Mexican classes on equal terms. To attach
; the Mexican territory as a province, he considered :
still more objectionable. The colonies which had .
been subdued by European nations had been cost-
ly appendages, and had never contributed to the 1
support of their conquerors. He repudiated the
idea of deriving any revenue from Mexico, or of
keeping the religious classes in subjection and un-
der i emulation. The church establishment of Mex-
ico connected with the State acted well m the
. system of that Government; and if we destroy it, 1
we destroy and debase the whole people.
In reference to what the Senator from Arkansas "
had said about patronage, he asked if patronage ,
I was not power, and if it might not be so exerted '
! as to defeat the effect of the elective system? In :
, the administration of any fund which might be ,
' raised from Mexican territory, he feared that there :■
I would be great danger. The Representatives of '
the people would become careless about money
which was not derived fiom their own constitu- ,
! encics, and thus the management of it would be ■
1 thrown entirely in the hands of the Executive. ..
i He said that it was a delusive idea that we could
' raise in the country the means to sustain the troops
! employed there. He looked at the disastrous re-
; suits which that policy produced in the Roman
empire.
' Mr. H. took a view of the mischiefs which grew
: out of wars waged for conquest, and quoted from
| Dr. Johnson to show the classes which have de-
! rived benefits from a system which was pregnant
: with so much general evil. That we should be
: exempt from the evils which wars of this character
inflicted on othei nations, was scarcely to be ex-
pect od. He referred to the ruin brought on Rome
by the abuse of the money power. He adverted
to the commencement of the funding system ii>
England, and the immense mass ofdebt with which
it had burdened that country. He glanced at the
extent of her conquests, the lustre of the glory
which she had acquired, and the inciease of her
colonies; and contrasted these benefits with the
debt which was contracted, to the amount of a
mortgage on her whole territory; and such would
be the euect of wars waged for conquest e-\ery-
where. If we enter into them here, the people
must seek relief from these results m a change of
government. He did not believe that our present
form would survive an attempt to carry out pro-
jects of conquest by taxing* the pockets of the
people. Again, he referred to the downfall of
Rome, in consequence of her adoption of a policy
of this nature, by the power even of the very col-
onies which she had subjugated.
It may be said that British example was more
encouraging, that her power and giory were still
on the increase. He would not attempt to predict
how long her greatness might continue. But he
would say she w^s no example for us. Would
we take her colonies with her debt? Or would
we even take her possessions if they were offered
to us on no other condition but that we should
protect and govern them?
He had given the views of our progress and
destiny as they presented themselves to ins mind,
ajjd he now came to look at the objects of the war.
He would not consent that we should take a line
which would run so far as to throw on us the
burden and responsibility of governing any large
mass of the Mexican people. But he did not
believe it practicable to prevent our people from
overspreading that country. The Mexican people
were now receding- befoie the Indian; and this
affords a new argument m favor of our occupation
of that territory, which would otherwise fall into
the occupation of die savage. He would desire to
obtain from the Mexican ppople a fair commercial
treaty, as a sine qua non. He would not destroy
the social fabric in Mexico. When we close this
war, it should leave the social character and insti-
tutions of the Mexicans undisturbed, to develop
themselves according to their own views.
He regarded the formation of plans of campaigns,
and of directing the necessary military operations,
as peculiarly and properly an Executive measure.
It was limited by the power of Congress to put a
stop to the war, to define its object?, or to arrest,
the supplies. He intended to vote for the supplies.
But he thought that if peace was not speedily
obtained, the plan of the campaign should be
changed. He had originally viewed the plan of
the Senator from South Caiohnaas the proper one.
But he had come to the conclusion that the line
suggested by his friend on his left [Mr. J efferson"
Davis] would be the best in every view. Both
for the purpose of a defensive, and. in case c i'
necessity, an offensive war, it appeared to be most
suitable. It would enable us to cairy on this war
more economically and with a prospect of a
speedier peace, and a prevention of too great an
extension of Executive patronage. Th13 occupa-
tion of the Sierra Madve would enable us to hold
the trade between Tampieo, San Luis, and Vera
Cruz. Our trade would go on between the north-
ern and southern side of the line without danger
of interruption.
Before the Mexicans could give us any trouble,
they would have to settle thnr differences between
themselves, This line could be occupied by tx
force less by sixty or seventy thousand men than
any other line which had been pointed out—a sav-
ing of twenty or thirty millions annually. There
would be far less waste of human life, not merely
in our own forces, but among the Mexicans. lie
believed that we should also be able to make a sta-
ble peace, which he did not think practicable at
