1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
313
It cannot be denied that this great mistake of the
Executive imposes on Congress the imperious
duty, which, as faithful'agents of the people, we
have no right to pretermit if we would, when we
are now called upon again to open wide the purse-
strings of the nation, to scrutinize severely, yet
candidly and fairly, the recommendations upon
which we are now actings to see if there be any
reasonable ground for apprehension of a like un-
fortunate error. From tfris statement of facts two
or three questions must force themselves on the
mind of every gentleman, and every one must de-
sire a solution of them. How did the former mis-
calculation happen? Is the additional loan now
asked for the present year enough? Is there any
mistake in the estimates for next year? He would
confine himself in what he had now to say to a dis-
cussion of these questions, which he feared would
more than consume his hour, and reserve to him-
self, as he necessarily must do, an answer to such
objections as might be made against the principles
of the bill. By looking into the Executive esti-
mates of the revenues of the last and present year,
and into the estimate of the expenditures, it will
be apparent that the receipts were largely over-esti-
mated, and the expenses still more largely under-
estimated. And here we find the true cause of the
sad necessity which is now imposed upon us of
raising a loan of sixteen millions of dollars to bal-
ancethis unfortunate mistake; for most unfortunate
it is both for the Government and the people. We
all know that if forty millions instead of twenty-
three had then been asked for and put in the maiket,
it would have found a ready purchaser*, that it
■would have been purchased is proved by the fact that
bids for more than fifty millions were made for the
loan when these twenty-three were putup forsale.
At that time of unprecedented commercial pros-
perity, a loan to the amount of forty millions could
liave been taken up without any serious injury to
the business and cuirency of the country; while
now, by reason of its own mistakes, for which it
alone is in fault and alone lesponsible, the Gov-
ernment must go into the market for these sixteen
millions, when trade is depressed, when money is
scarce, when great commercial distress prevails, and
stilt greater is anticipated.
Perhaps it would not be going too far to say,
that, putting wholly out of view the distress and
derangement which the Government must produce
by go'mg now into the money market as a bor-
rower, for every dollar it borrows it will cause the
loss of more than another dollar to the business of
the country. And here he would add, that the
Government committed, if possible, a still greater
blunder in the manner in which the loan was issu-
ed. Having got what the Secretary calls a divorce
from the banks—which the Government had long
been suing for, and which took effect on the first
of the last year, just at the moment when the law
went into operation requiring all payments to the
Government to be made in specie, and which en-
joined it on the Government to pay its debts in
" coin also—he seems to have been in great haste to
set up the business of bjxnking in a description of
paper credit which the records of the war of the
Revolution and of the late war with Great Britain
abundantly prove to be far more worthless than
bank paper, if pushed to any great extent beyond
what the accruing revenues would absorb. Instead
of funding the loan and issuing certificates of stock
for it, which could not have been returned upon the
treasury m payment of Government dues, he com-
mitted the great oversight of issuing, in exchange
for the specie he borrowed, Government promi.s-
sory notes, commonly called treasury notes, which
are receivable in payment of all debts due to the
Government. Now, as these notes are nothing
more nor less than an anticipation of realizing, in
advance, the revenues of the Government, it is per-
fectly apparent they should never be put out except
m case of overruling necessity; and it cannot be
pretended that any such necessity existed then,
when more than fifty millions were seeking invest-
ment, and when specie was more abundant than it
ever had been before in any period of our history.
In place of that abundance, a great demand for
specie now exists, which has caused these notes
to fall below par; and now, being worth less than
specie, they are flowing back into the treasury, in
paymentof all Government demands; and thus the
Government is, or shortly must be, unable to meet
its engagements in specie, in which the sub-treasury
act directs the public creditors to be paid. The
amount of these notes now oustanding is equal to
all the revenues of the Government for half a year
to come. It should have been perfectly obvious to
the Secretary, when these notes were issued, that,
as soon as specie became scarce, they would all be
back upon his hands m payment of customs, lands,
and other public dues; thus, for the time being,
beggaring the treasury and rendering the formal
machinery of the sub-treasury nought but a depos-
itory of Government promissory notes instead of
specie, for which it was provided with elaborate
care.
But, passing by this topic, he would proceed to
assign his reasons more in detail for saying that
the income of the Government had been over-esti-
mated and its expenditures under-estimated. The
latter greatly exceeded in amount the former. For
the over-estimates, the Secretary of the Treasury
is responsible; and for the still more serious under-
estimates, the Secretary of War is accountable. He
would not charge either of those officers with hav-
ing purposely prepared and presented to Congress
ertoneous estimates; but he must say that the war
estimates are so wide of the mark as to raise sus-
picions of their good faith. In view of the magni-
tude of the war expenditures, he could readily
imagine that both of these officers would feel a
strong desire to put as good a face a3 possible
on the state of tneir affairs. What men desire
they can easily persuade themselves to believe.
The Secretary of the Treasury therefore might, in
his desire to provide means to meet the public ex-
penses, over-estimate his receipts by a pretty large
per centage, without being aware of it, and might
at the same time firmly believe in realizing the full
amount. Tho same remark is applicable to the
Secretary of War in the desire lie must feel to cur-
tail the war expenses as much as possible. But
this furnishes a good reason why their estimates
should be severely and doubtmgly scrutinized in
this House. Great allowances ought also to be
made for the uncertainty that must always, from
many causes, hang over future receipts and future
war expenditures; but with all this uncertainty,
the heads of the departments ought to be able to
make a reasonable approach to the truth. If they
would keep themselves free from difficulty, it would
be wise always to make large deductions from their
calculations. In private fife, if an individual in
carrying on his business habitually over-estimates
his means and underrates his expenses, it requires
no prophet to foretell that he is doomed to be a
bankrupt, and that, too, before he is aware of it.
This is equally true of the great undertakings of
governments. When a great work is undertaken,
the execution of which lequires multiplied and
complicated operations to be conducted on a large
scale, oftentimes under pressing emergencies, that
overrule all calculations of economy, where losses
are met with from all the elements, and from the
hand of violence; and all is to be done by a thou-
sand agents, who are making contracts and dis-
buising money, scattered over a large space at a
great distance from their principal; and most espe-
cially if these agents, one and all, are impressed
with the idea that their principal is rich and very
able to pay, and not a few of them are of faithless
morality, and believe that he is a great goose,
whose feathers rightfully belong to him who can
pluck them; and if, to cap the climax, he himself
puts the highest possible estimates on his means,
and underrates the cost, we may be sure he will
have a sad tune in footing the bills. Last year, the
annual report of the Secretary of the Tieasury on
the state of the finances, which is always presented
to Congress when the year is nearly half expired,
over-estimated the revenue of the then current year
near five millions, and under-estimated the expendi-
tures of the year more than four millions; making,
together, at the end of the year, a balanee against
the treasury greater than his estimate, by more
than nine millions ; which, of course, occasions, in
part, the necessity for the loan now asked for. The
Secretary now tells us that a loan of sixteen mil-
lions will carry him through the year. If the
Secretary's over-estimates and under-estimates of
the receipts and expenditures of this year arc as
wide of the mark as I have shown those of the last
to have been at the corresponding period of that
year—say nine millions—thatsum, added to the six-
teen, will make twenty-five millions as the amount
of loan that he ought to have asked for. But gentle-
men will perhaps say that this has put him on his
guard; that he has profited by experience. So far
from it, he regretted to say that the Secretary has
estimated the revenues of this year at. more than
eight and a half millions above the receipts of the
last, the estimates of the receipts for this year being
$34,900,000, while the sun) total of all the revenues
of last year was §26,346,790 37. There is every
reason to believe he is again five millions above
the mark. For example, he estimates the customs
for the three last quarters of this year a fraction
under twenty millions, ($19,893,742 59.) The re-
turns for the fiist of those three quarters are now
received, showing the duties for that quarter to
amount only to a fraction over five and a quarter
millions ($5,337,874 84.) The actual receipts from
the customs last year were $23,747,864 66. He
estimates the customs this year at §31,000,000—
being  an excess over the actual receipts of last
year of seven and a quarter millions.
So much for the customs; now let us turn to the
public lands. The last three years have been
years of great piosperity in the West and South-
west, where the public lands are situated. For
those three years the annual average income from
the sales of the lands has been below two and a
half millions, ($2,419,942 66.) In his annual re-
port a year ago, the Secretary estimated the receipts
of the public lands for the then current year at
$3,400,000. His reportof thisyearshows that they
actually yielded only $2,498,355 20, being an over-
estimate of near a million of dollars; ana yet, m
the face of these facts, he puts down his estimate
of the public lands for this year at $3,500,000.
But let it be admitted that the income from the
public lands will equal his calculations. The
question then arises, can he use the moneys de-
rived from this source to pay the current expenses
of (he Government? He undoubtedly can use the
proceeds of the sales of the first two quarters of
this year in that way; but he has no right so to
apply the pioceeds of the sales made after the first
of January last. In his estimates of this year and
the next fiscal year, he has treated the moneys to
be derived from this source as though they belonged
to the general revenue, and were to be used for
the current expenses of the Government. This,
as he conceived, was in direct violation of the act
of the last session to raise a loan of twenty-three
millions of dollars, which specifically pledged the
proceeds of the public lands to pay, first, the inter-
est on the loan, and the residue to be applied to
the purchase of the stock when the same can be
bought at a price not above par. That gentlemen
might see on what footing this branch of the pub-
lic revenue is placed by that act, he would read
the provision on that subject, which is in the fol-
lowing words:
''That for the payment of tlie stock which may be created
undci the provisions ol tins act, the '-ales of the public lands
aic hciehy pledged, and it is made the dutyofihe becreuny
of the trt.isurj to use and apply all moneys which may he
received into the trta->uiy lor the sale* of the public lands
aftei tne 1st day of January 18-18, fir-a to pay the mteie&t
on all stocks issued by virtue of thi* act; and, secondly, to
u-c the balance of said receipts, after pajmg the inteiest
aforesaid, in the purchase of taid stocks at their maikot
value: Provided, no more than par shall be paid for said
stock.-."
Now, this act makes the proceeds of the public
lands a sinking fund for the liquidation of the loan
of twenty-three millions, and expressly enjoins it
on the Secretary so to apply them. He believed
those in this House holding quite opposite opinions
on most questions of finance united in giving this
pledge for very different reasons. He was a
member of the committee that reported the bill,
and very well recollected what his own reasons
weie. He thought that whatever other loans the
Mexican war might render necessary, and how-
ever they might sink in the market, with this fund
to back it, this stock could never sink to a low ebb.
Those who have adventured their money in this
stock have a right to demand a faithful execution
of this pledge. That stock is now below par, and
it is the bounden duty of the Secretary of the
Treasury to sustain its credit by a faithful appli-
cation of .the moneys which may be received into
the treasury from the sales of lands. He had his
reasons for agreeing to that pledge, in which the
owners of the stock are but remotely if at all inter-
ested. He was very glad to take this branch of
the public revenue out of the general treasury,
and thereby throw the support of the Government
upon the customs alone, as one of the surest
means of compelling the Government, under the
pressure of its necessities, to abandon at an earlier
day than it otherwise would its mischievous free-
