1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
315
hundred and sixty thousand dollars which were
taken away from the Quartermaster General's
original estimate, if this be done, and we assume
there will be no other expenditures during the
year beyond what is-already estimated for, and no
addition made to the army, then the wants of the
Government for Chis year beyond its means will
stand thus: To the loan of sixteen millions now
asked for by the Secretary of the Treasury add five
millions for over-estimate of the revenue of the
year, and add also two millions eight hundred and
sixty thousand dollars for the under-estimate of
the expenditures in the War Department, and
there must be raised by loan to carry the Govern-
ment to the 1st of July next twenty-two millions
eight hundred and sixty thousand dollars. And
the loan of the last session, which was intended to
provide for the whole of the present year, instead of
twenty-three millions, which- the Secretary, as al-
ready stated, informed Congress was all that would
be wanted, should iiave been for forty-five millions
eight hundred and sixty thousand dollars. If the
sixteen millions now proposed to be raised will
meet the wants of the Government, then the pub-
lic debt at the end of the present fiscal year (.Tune
30th) will be sixty-six millions of dollars. If you
add to this seven millions eight hundred and sixty
thousand dollars for the over-estimates of receipts
arid under-estimate of expendituies, as already ex-
plained, the debt at that date will be seventy-three
millions eight hundred thousand dollars.
Let us now see what addition will be made to
this amount at the end of the next fiscal year,
which ought properly to be provided for at the
present session of Congress. The appropriations
for next year, which begins on the 1st of July
next, must be made at this session, and, when the
appropriations are made, the means to pay them
ought to be provided at the same time, instead of
raising loans on an emergency, as we are now
obliged to do, by reason of the short estimate of
the Secretary of the Treasury, when the twenty-
three million loan bill was passed at the last ses-
sion. He should have ample time to negotiate his
loan before the money is wanted. It is, therefore,
the clear duty of the Executive to ask that provi-
sion may be made at this session for all the wants
of the Government for the next year, and not
come, as at present, a year behind the prop.er
time. *
What, he (Mr. V.) would ask, will be the re-
ceipts and expenditures of the next fiscal year?
And what will be the deficiency that must be pro-
vided for by loan? The Secretary of the Treasury
estimates it at twenty millions five hundred thou-
sand. rio (Mr. V.) was afraid that in this the
Secretary was again as much below the mailt as
we now know he was a year ago. lie estimates
the irccipts for next year at thirty-five millions—
thirty-two from customs and tlneo fiom the public
lands. Now, he had aJiendy shown, that to the
extent of the interest on the twenty million loan
of last year, and no further, can he use the pro-
ceeds of the public lands to pay the expenses of
the year; and there is great cause to fear that
the soldiers' bounty land warrants will so dry up
the sales as not. to bring money enough from that
source to pay even the mteiest on that loan.
• Then there is nothing left to fall back upon but
the customs. So many causes—many of them
oftentimes accidental or occult—which are biought
suddenly into action, so greatly influence the com-
merce of the country, that no certain estimates can
be made—they must of necessity be approxima-
tions only to tlie truth. Judging, however, from
certain great and general causes now at work, the
revenue from the customs for the year which be-
gins on the 1st of July next cannot be safely esti-
mated at more than twenty-six or twenty-seven
millions—say twenty-seven—and put the land at
a million and a half, making twenty-eight and a
half for the year. This is the measure of the
means of the Government. He therefore deducted
six and a half millions from the Secretary's esti-
mate. What, on the other hand, will be the ex-
penditures? There is now a much larger force in
the public service than was employed at the begin-
ning of the present year; and the fact that the
Executive is pressing Congress for a large addition
to it shows that, even if no more troops are grant-
ed by Congress, all now there will continue to be
employed,"and that therefore there is not the re-
motest probability that the expenses of the next
year will fall below those of tins, assuming them
to be no more. He had before shown that the es-
timates for this year already sent in, amount to
sixty-two millions seven hundred and eighty-three
thousand six hundred and sixty dollars; that prob-
ably two and a half millions must be added to that
for under-estimates in the Quartermaster's Depart-
ment—bringing it up to upwards of sixty-five
millions; to which must be added at least two mil-
lions for additional interest next year on the loan
now proposed to be raised, and that which must
be raised at the beginning of the year to meet the
wants of the year—say sixty-seven millions of
dollars. Prom this amount take the next year's
revenue—twenty-eight and a half millions—and
there will be a deficiency of thirty-eight and a half
millions to be provided for by loan, instead of
twenty millions and a half, as estimated by the
Secretary of the Treasury—showing that the esti-
mate for this year and next is about equally be-
low the real wants of the Government; that for
next year, upon this calculation, being seventeen
millions less than the wants of the Government,
while that for this year is now admitted to have
been sixteen millions too small, with every prob-
ability, as he had before shown, that the deficit
to be supplied by loan will reach twenty-three
millions or more. It must be borne in mind that
the Quartermaster General's estimate alone for the
next year was cut down five millions and foity-
one thousand in the manner before stated; the
original estimate having been for that department
$19,991,200, which was reduced to $14,250,000.
The Quartermaster General, it will also be borne
in mind, says it will require the most rigid econ-
omy to make the reduced estimates do, should
there be no heavy losses of property, no extraor-
dinary operations undertaken dunng the year,
and the troops be not increased. We know that
more troops are urgently demanded; that losses of
propeity must occur; that the Executive has now
changed his policy, and is resolved upon carrying
the war to the vitals of the enemy, which, in plain
English, means lo overrun and subdue the whole
vast territory of Mexico; and, in pursuance of that
policy, we already hear that great operations are
organizing for the reduction of Potosi and Quer-
etaro. What, then, will be the public debt at the
end of the next fiscal year, if the war continue?
This has become a solemn and alarming inquiry.
He had already put down the probable debt at the
end of this year at seventy-three millions eight
hundred thousand dollars. If to that be added
thirty-eight and a half millions for the deficit of
next year, the amount, at the close of that year,
will be upwards of one hundred and twelve mil-
lions of dollars.
If, however, the sixteen millions now asked
for will do for this year, then the debt at the
end of next year, should there be a defiut of no
more than thnty-eight and a half millions in
that year, will be but one hundred and four and
a half millions. According to the estimates of
the Secretary of the Treasury, the debt at the
end of the next year will be eighty-six and a
half millions. These estimates aie all predica-
ted upon the supposition that the increased force
asked for is not raised. If that is raised, it must
largely increase the public expendituies. It must
be estimated for, and appropriations made here-
after for its support. Any one of these estimates
exhibits a sad prospect for the country. Looking
at this bill as a mere money transaction between
the Government and the public creditor, it may be
thought to be moie honest than expedient to make
a disclosure of the present and prospective condi-
tion of the financial affairs of the country, but it is
not to be forgotten that there is another party
whose agents we are, the tax-paying people, who
must foot the bills, and who have a right to know
the truth and the* whole truth—to know how, by
whom, and for what their money is expended.
He felt bound to say, that from the nature and
uncertainty of the facts from which many of the
opinions he had stated are deduced, he could not
rely with entire confidence in the correctness of
all his conclusions ; but they were nevertheless
conclusions he could not avoid coming to. He
sincerely hoped, for the sake of the country, that*
his calculations were as much above the future
wants of the Government as the past estimates of
the Executive are now known to have been below
them.
Mr. LIGON said: Mr. Chairman, this bill,
to provide means to supply a deficiency in the
treasury during the present year, will, except as to
the form which it shall assume, meet with no con-
siderable opposition in either branch of Congress.
At least I venture to hope for such a result. -
This being the case, instead of submitting an
argument in favor of a measure which may rea-
sonably be supposed not likely to meet opposition,
except as to the form which it should take, I shall
embrace this opportunity to submit my views upon
a subject nearly allied to this, and which has been
brought to our notice in two ways: first, by a
message of the President, which, as yet, has not
been disposed of; and, secondly, by bills reported
by the Committee on Commerce on Thursday, the
3d instant—I refer to the subject of the improve-
ments of rivers and harbors at the^xpense of the
•Fedeial Government.
Perhaps no better time than this can be found to
say to this House and to the country, that in
voting for bills to increase the public debt and the
public taxes to support the army and navy, now
employed on foreign service, it is my firm purpose
not to be accessory to any movement to increase
either the one or the other, to promote objects not
indispensably necessary to sustain the national
honor, to provide for just claims upon the treas-
ury, and to carry on the ordinary and legitimate
business of the Government.
No general bill, exclusively providing for the
improvement of navigable rivers, and of lake, gulf,
and ocean harbors, has been passed into a law by
the Congress of the United States during the last
seven years. But few laws of that kind have been
enacted by this Government fiom the day of its
imperfect organization m 1776 up to this its period
of matured fullness and power. Perhaps so few
general appropriations have been made, that gen-
tlemen may not be prepared to affirm that it has
ever been " the settled policy" of this Government
either to enter upon or to prosecute a "general
system of internal improvements." Be this as it
may, however, the bills soon to be under consid-
eration, and upon which, in some form or other,
we shall be called upon officially to act, devolve
upon the members of this House, each for himself,
the duty of examining this great question of inter-
nal improvements by the General Government*,
and this examination has to be made with a direct
reference to the propriety of voting for or against
the policy of resuscitating those internal improve-
ment measures which obtained for a time, but were
abandoned a few years ago, in consequence of the
interposition of the Executive veto.
The first question that naturally arises for the
consideration of a representative of a constituent
body, is that of power: has Congress the constitu-
tional power to grant the money asked for, for the
object specified ? Ail acknowledge that while Con-
giess has the physical power to vote foi or against
a bill, irrespective of any and of all obligations,
human and divine; it is yet morally bound to vote
for certain measures in accordance to the express
commands of the Constitution; and there arc cer-
tain other measures, so grossly at war with its
provisions, for which, were they presented, no
representative would have a moral right to vote.
The question of constitutional right, presented
by these bills, has, on various occasions, been ably
and elaborately discussed by many of the wisest
statesmen who have adorned our country. Yet,
notwithstanding the ability of those who have dis-
cussed, and the number oP years through which
the discussion has run, diveise opinions are still
entertained, not only among the people, but also
among the most eminent statesmen of the times,
upon the question of the constitutional power of
Congress to remove obstructions from rivers, to
construct and clear out harbors, make roads, dig
canals, and to build bridges. To attempt to add
anything either interesting or useful upon a con-
stitutional subject, which the greatest minds of our
nation have exhausted without being able to settle
to the satisfaction of the country, would be held in
me ([ fear) as inexcusable presumption^ Whilst,
therefoie, I may be pardoned for saying that I
have formed my opinions upon this subject, not
without some study and reflection, I am quite sure
I should not be, were 1 egotistical enough to repeat
them here. .
I shall, therefore, leave the constitutional view
of this question as I find it; and this the^more
readily, as there are other reasons of sufficient
weight to determine the course of action proper
to be pursued at this conjuncture in relation to
