318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
under all the varied circumstances that have arisen
in an eventful age of the world. Our domestic
quiet has been perfectly ensured, and the general
welfare substantively promoted; the first, I am
happy to be able to say, has been effected more
by our admirable system of jurisprudence, than
by the power of arms; and the latter, rather by
abstaining from the imposition of burdens upon
capital and industry, than by acts of munificence
to individuals and classes.
We have, then, but little or nothing of which
justly to complain, but much to incite our pride
and heighten our satisfaction, when we contem-
plate the glorfous achievements of our Govern-
ment. The industrial pursuits, compared with
those of other nations, are inconsiderably burden-
ed; commerce is lightly restricted, and our agricul-
ture is in a far more favorable condition than that
of any other nation.
If it is the constitutional duty of Congress to
improve the harbors of the several cities of the
United States, then, in that case, Maryland has
just cause of complaint for neglect of duty, as all
must perceive. So deeply felt was the necessity
of improvements in Baltimore harbor, lo accom-
modate its large and growing commerce, that as
early as 1783—before the formation of the Federal
Constitution—the General Assembly of the State
of Maryland passed an act authorizing the levying
of a tonnage duty upon all vessels entering the
port of Baltimore, for the express purpose of ma-
king such improvements. This act was renewed
in 1788, and in 1791 was formally sanctioned by
Congress—an act that conferred upon Maryland
powers which had been ceded to the United States.
In 1789 the Constitution was adopted. That in-
strument transferred the power of collecting reve-
nue from commerce from the individual States to
the United States. The General Government,
beins; unable or unwilling to improve the harbor
of Baltimore, in 1791 returned to the State of
Maryland, for four years, so much of the ceded
power as to allow said State to collect money
enough from the commerce of Baltimore to put
and to keep the harbor thereof in a condition bet-
ter calculated for the accommodation of shipping.
The act of 1791 was to remain in force only four
years. Congiess renewed it, however, in 1796,
and ogain from time to time until 1843, when the
provisions of the same act were extended until
1850!
It is thus seen that the harbor of Baltimore has
beep maintained in a condition for business by a ;
tax upon the commerce of that city. This was the
case before this Government was created. It has
been the c,ase ever since. It is the case now when
I speak. The commerce of Baltimore has been
taxed sincc 1783, and is now taxed, for the im-
provement of the harbor in which our ships are
sheltered. For upwards of sixty years this whole
expense has been borne by Baltimore—unless, in-
deed, 1 am to except the £,55,000 donated by the
United States—a sum too small to form an excep-
tion in a labor and cost so large. To preserve our
harbor, we have, with the consent of Congiess,
taxed Otd selves. We have applied in vain for Con-
gress to improve our harbor at the expense of the
national treasury; but its consent to an act allow-
ing us to tax ourselves has never been withheld;
its assent has been prompt, hearty, and unfailing!
And m 1850, when the act of 1791 again expires,
I do not fear that Congress will refuse to renew it.
As Baltimore has thus been compelled, by the
neglect of Congress, to improve its own harbor,
for the uninterrupted, consecutive period of sixty-
five years, is it right, is if just, now to introduce a
system by which Baltimore will be compelled.
through all future years, to submit to additional
taxction, that the avails thereof may be applied to
impiove lival harbors m any or in all parts of the
United States ?
Maryland and Baltimore are deeply in debt.
They are struggling to raise means honestly to pay
those debts, and "will, with great efforts, succeed.
In many of the States, citizens feel aggrieved be-
eausc they aie called upon to pay a tax of twentv-
five to thirty cents upon one hundred dollais worth
of propei tv. Baltimore will be taxed this year, I
see by a tate paper, one hundred and fifty cents
upon each one iituidred dollars!
When the people of Maryland are struggling
under a heavy load of debt and taxes, and are also
making strenuous effoits to consfructa commeicial
avenue from the great valley of the Ohio to the
shores of the Chesapeake bay, at a cost of startling ■
magnitude, considered in connection with theirpres-
ent obligations, I should be recreant to my trust !
were I to sit idly by and see the weight recklessly \
increased. I am compelled, by every sense of j
duty, resolutely to oppose all schemes, that look ;
to borrowing money and increasing taxes, for J
making internal improvements in the several States ,
by the "General Government; for Maryland desires '
no increase of taxes or of debt to carry out a sys- |
tem of improvements by the United States. The ,
wisest financiers, the most sagacious statesmen ;
now living, cannot sit down and draft an inter-
nal improvement bill that the majority of the peo-
ple of Maryland would vote for, it, to carry out its
provisions, increased debt and taxation would he '
necessary. This is my opinion. I may be wrong,
itistrue; but I think there isnot much room even for j
doubt upon this subject. |
Look to the injustice of the schemes proposed j
for our sanction. Baltimore pays into the treasury i
fifty-five millions in a little more than, fifty-five I
years ; m fifty years St. Louis has not contributed ]
probably the one-half of one million. Estimates j
fiom the department show that an expenditure of j
some one or two hundred thousand dollars is I
necessary to the improvement of St. Louis harbor; !
pay this cost from the United States treasury, and, j
judging by the past, the people of Baltimore will I
pay one hundred dollars, and more, where the j
people of St. Louis pay one dollar, for the improve- ;
raent of St. Louis harbor! And does St. Louis i
need this gratuity from the people of Baltimore? !
Not at all; far otherwise. St. Louis has more j
than fifty thousand people, great wealth, compara-
tive freedom from debt, and an immense commerce. |
<{ The total annual commerce of St. Louis, imports j
and exports included, although yet in its infancy, I
is estimated'' by its delegation to the Chicago con- |
vention of 1847 " at over $75,000.000'—equalling '
neariy one-third of the whole foreign commerce i
of the United States." And this estimate is sus-
tained by statements that carry conviction of its :
reliability. The people of that wealthy and emi- j
nently commercial city have the ability, without
embarrassment, to make all the improvements they ,
desire, and pay for them within this present year! ;
With what grace, then, can such a people, and of
such vast wealth, ask of me to allow my overbur- 1
dened constituents to be taxed for their benefit1
For another instance of the injustice of such
bills, take the case of the harbor at Buffalo, in
New York. This city has almost as large a popu-
lation, as much wealth and commerce, as St. Louis.
Can any gentleman inform this House why Balti- ■
more, after defraying the entire cost of improving i
its own harbor, shall be compelled,by law, to pay !-
as much, or in fact more, towards paying for lm- ,
proving the harbor of Buffalo, than the people of i
Buffalo? If a reason can be rendered, I confess I*
should be pleased to hear it. But there aie over- i
whelming reasons why Baltimore should not be i
taxed for the benefit of Buffalo; and to these I ,
would, briefly as possible, call the attention of ,
every member of this House.
In the first place, Buffalo is able to improve its
own harbor, without calling for help from towns
and cities similarly situated. If the people of Buf-
falo are able to suitably impiove their harbor, the
rightfulness of colling upon men who have no in- j
terest m it to assist m defraying the expense, is not j
self-evident. In the next place, if Buffalo insists j
upon having assistance, whether it is needed or
not, that assistance should be g \en by the State of <
New York. Lastly, if it is said that others be- 1
sides the citizens of Buffalo and the State of New |
York are interested, the reply is at hand—tax those 1
who are beneficially interested.
It is false in fact, it is false in theory, that per-
sons living upon the waters of the Aroostook are
pecuniarily interested in the improvement of the ■'
roads, bridges, and fences to be found in Oregon, ;
Nebraska, and Minesota; and that tkercfoie they :
should bt taxed, and their property be soid to pay
those taxes, to enable Government to improve
those far-off and utterly unknown roads, budges,
and fences. To tax the dwellers upon the grassy
plains of the Ozark mountains, or among the cane
brakes of Mississippi, to obtain money with which
to improve Buffalo harbor, is to commit an out- •,
rage for which no justification can be found cither ;
m the books or in the human heait.
Let Buffalo harbor, like that of Baltimore, be '
improved by laying a small duty upon the tonnage
; that uses it. Let the burden be borne by those
1 who are to be benefited. The burdens should be
! placed upon the shoulders of those who obtain the
! benefits flowing from them. The wagon that does
f not use the turnpike is free from toll; for the road
| is sustained by tolls collected from teams which
travel on it. So, also, let harbors be improved
' by moneys collected from those who do, and not
: from those who do not, use them. And I say this
' the more earnestly, because my constituents have
1 always practised what I now preach. They have
improved their own harbor; and I, in their name,
protest against being compelled by law to improve
the harbors of their neighbors also. Would not
' such compulsion be manifest injustice'1
But, it may be said, if Buffalo harbor is not im-
proved, the lake commerce will pass by Buffalo,
go through Lake Ontario, and into the St. Law-
rence, and, passing over the railroad which the
Yermonters are building, go to Boston, instead of
passing through the Erie canal on its way to the
city of New York This is possible; in fact, un-
less the harbor is enlarged, improved, and ren-
deied secure and easy of access, as we have made
Baltimore harbor; and unless the Erie and gud-
son canal is not also greatly enlarged and im-
proved, it is probable that a large amount of the lake
trade will pass by Buffalo, and go to Boston by
the more northern route. This is a reason why
the people of Buffalo should imitate Baltimore, but
is not a reason why the people of the United States
should .interfere—the reverse rather. For why
should all the people of the United Statrs be toxe'd
to enable New York thoroughly to estop the " men
of Boston" from diverting its trade to themselves?
If the trade of New York is in danger of being di-
minished by the enterprise of Boston—if its canal
revenues are in danger of being diminished from
the same cause—I can see occasion for New York
to employ its revenues and its capital to effect im-
provements that will avert the danger with which
their trade and commerce are menaced; but I can
discover nothing that will justify Congress to tax
my constituents to raise means with which to assist
New York to counteiact the subtle movements of
their more enterprising neighbors. If our help
were to be needed but once, we might consider the
distress of our New York friends; but what guar-
antee have we that they will be m any better con-
dition to repel future than present incursions upon
their commerce on the lakes- Why, sir, with that
rich lake commerce directly in sight of their shoies,
it will prove to be a? impossible to keep the Yankees
away from it as it was to keep the Huns and Goths
out of Italy, or the Tartars out of China! It is a
moral and physical impossibility, and I am op-
posed to all attempts of the kind; let the Yorkers
and the Yankees (Greek vs. Greek) settle the mat-
ter at their leisuie; this Government, in the mean
, time, wisely allowing them both tQ construct their
own roads, their own harbors, and their own
. canals, without the slightest interference.
Maryland, Pennsylvania, and New Yoik.are en-
gaged in the construction of commercial enues
to the West. New York has completed most of
heis; the others have not. New Yoric has immense
revenues, and is free from embarrassment; Penn-
sylvania and Maryland are deeply in debt, and
are hcasily taxed: their railroads to the Ohio are
only m progress, and by no means completed.
The port of the one js maintained at its own ex-
pense, and that of the other has received but little
or no governmental attention. Under such cir-
cumstances, what could be more unjust to tho^e
two States, than for the United States 10 boirov"
money to improve the harbor at the termination
of the principal New York commercial avenue, to
increase its already greatly distended revenue, and
then call upon Maryland and Pennsylvania to help
to nay both the principal and the interest of the ex-
penditure for the benefit of NewYoik; New Yoik
has fauly obtained the lead of her competitors;
her capital, population, and re\enues aie larcer,
and her public works are brought more nearly to
pejfection. Her competitors are straining every
nerve—are piling up debts, and submitting to tax-
ation to a frightful extern, that they may not be
totally and foievcr distanced m the struggle to gam
the commeicc of the West. This House sees the
struggle; it perceives that New York is obtaining
the advantage in the gigantic struggle, but fjils not
to note, that neither Boston, nor Philadelphia, nor
Baltimore, is disposed to yield a handsbreadth, or
to abate a single effort; on the contrary, they seem
