1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
310
as full of hope as they are of determination. Who,
permit me to ask, witnessing this struggle, this
noble courage, this generous hope, will come for-
ward and say to these ardent and worthy spirits,
" Take upon your aching shoulders this additional
burden for the benefit of your successful rival?"
Who has the heart to do this?
Mr. Chairman, I pray this House not to ask the
people of Baltimore, who are already grievous-
ly taxed, to contribute of their means for the
improvement of harbors. For sixty-five years
they have maintained their own harbor. Cannot
their neighbors consent to imitate our example,
until we have finished our public works, and so
far paid off our obligations as to be able to reduce
our taxes to a rate more nearly corresponding with
other States ? If St. Louis, and Buffalo, and other
applicants for our bounty were poor, in debt, arid
laboring under a heavy burden of taxation, and
in danger of losing their trade and commerce
through the efforts of more highly favored com-
petitors; if they were situated in States that were
deeply in debt, and known to be restive under a
heavy load of taxation, and had no other resource
upon which to draw for assistance than the charity
of Congress, I confess my compassion would be
strongly moved, and I should begrievously tempt-
ed to do my constituents the injustice of forgetting
their interests longenoughto vole a small donation
to these humble and needy dependants upon the
chanty of the General Government. But such is
not their condition; they are rich, flourishing, and
independent. May we not hope that they will
hereafter scorn to "assume the attitude of mendi-
cants, or the unseemly character of sturdy beggary
at the gates of an overdrawn treasury ? May we
not hope, that henceforth we shall ccase to be an-
noyed by their importunate solicitations, and have
pleasing occasion to witness the honest pride with
which each of these wealthy and thriving cities
will cause their harbors, streets, and other public
works to be improved upon the Baltimore plan—
at the sole expense of those persons for whose sole
benent. they are made ?
I think, Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, that it is
wrong to borrow money in time of war, to improve
some thirty or forty of our numerous harbors, neg-
lecting all the rest.
I think it wrong, even were there no war, to
borrow money upon the credit of ports improved
at their own expense, to expend upon ports of
equal wealth, but of less independence of charac-
ter and of less public spirit.
And, sir, if the war was at an end; if the Gov-
ernment was free from debt, and the people free
from taxation; if commerce, manufactures, and
agriaihme weio in a condition the most flourish-
ing, and the money markrt in a po.sition easy and
beyond apprehension of a cloudy future; and even
if no ports had been improved at the expense of
tonnage doing business with them, but all stood
upon the same level platform so far as relates to
past governmental favors,—i would still be opposed
to improving a few at the expense of the rest.
Laws should be general, not partial m their op-
eration; universal, not secuonal in the distribution
of benefit and of buidens; fair, just, and equal m
their application to each citi/.en and each commu-
nity whom they in anywise affect; not unfair, un-
just, and unequal towards any of those for whose
benefit they purport to have been made.
Laws, to benefit a few persons, or a few ports,
at the expense of all, may perhaps be considered
legitimate m despotic countries, but certainly arc
at war with the spirit of republican institutions.
Laws ordaining that all of the ports of this
country shall be improved at the expense of all the
citizens of the United Suites, would be general and
not particular; and ought, therefore, to be piefer-
red to those that designate a few favorite places
situated in the more powerful States.
But laws should ever rest upon the rock of uni-
versal justice. Commerce cannot subsist without
the aid oi agriculture; and agriculture cannot nour-
ish unaided by commercc: they are necessary the
one to the otiier. If, therefore, the humble tiller
of the s<>il is to be taxed to improve the highways
of commerce, the moic pretending trader must
contribute to the improvement of the roads of the
farmer. If one port should be improved, then all;
if one road, all.
And for this plain reason, it is as unjust to com-
pel a farmer in Maryland to assist a ship-owner in
buffalo to build a wharf to moor his vessel along
side of, as it is to compel the Buffalo ship-owner
to assist the Maryland farmer to make his wagon-
road to the nearest market town. If ships and
ship-accommodations are necessary to the conduc-
tion of the farmer's crops to the foreign market,
from which he draws his profits, so are roads the
necessary and indispensaole channels through
which to obtain those products from which the
merchant makes his profits. One class is as de-
pendant and as independent as the other; neither
can " get gain" without the aid of the other.
If, therefore, it is proposed that this Govern-
ment, forgetting that it was created to establish
justice, to provide for the common defence against
foreign and domestic violence, to secure the bless-
ings of liberty, and to form a more peifect union—
I say, if this Government, forgetful of the objects
which called it into beneficial existence, is to be
precipitated into the adoption of a system of inter-
nal improvements, that system should be general,
and not sectional or special. Not one port only
should be selected from a weak State, while a
dozen are to be allotted to a strong one, but,
regardless of everything but the ever-abiding prin-
ciples of even-harided justice, all ports should be
alike the objects of legislative care and the recipi-
ents of Government bounty. As the dew of
heaven, so should the justice of the government
of man, fall alike and equally upon all.
Taxes should be imposed with the strictest ref-
erence to perfect equality. No one man's dollar,
no one man's head, should be taxed at a higher
rate than the dollar or the head of another. My
dollar, my life, my reputation, my liberty, arc each
as precious, and no more precious in the eye of a
just and equal law, than those of the greatest or of
the humblest of my fellow-citizens.
All citizens bein« called upon equally to contrib-
ute to the supply of money to carry on works of
internal improvement, may they not demand, in
terms that justice cannot deny, that those taxes
shall be disbursed upon improvements that shall
benefit all as equally as they burdened all?
The system proposed, to be just, must be uni-
versal—must be co-extensive with the vast terri-
tory we inhabit. Any other system would fail to
possess that quality, the failure to have which
ought ever to be fatal to all bills submitted for the
consideration of this House—I mean equal justice
to all sections of this vast country, favoritism, to
none!
Mr. FISHER here obtained the floor and moved
for the rising of the committee.
The motion prevailing, the committee rose ac-
cordingly.
^Vnd thereupon the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred :
Hy Mr. (rirI)l)J,\Grf: The petition of H. Hubbard and 108
other citizens or INntago routiiy, Ohio, and of Hansom Bald-
w m mid 'i-i other citizens of Staik county. Ohio, to absolve
the people of the free States ftom the >upj>oitof slavery, oi
lor a dissolution of our piesent Hnion between the free ami !
tfhivo States. Also, the petition ot C. It. J?ai>iyn and I
inhabitants of Madison, Oluo, aq.iiusi lliu extension of s-la- j
very, and to clo-e the Mexican war. Ako, the pennon of 36
gentlemen and 80 ladies of Madison, Lake county, Ohio, foi ,
ibe withdrawal of the army ftom Mexico to the United i
State?-, and to eonelnde a treat} ofpeaco. Also, ol VVdhaui j
Need and lb0 inhabitants of Ashtabula count}, Ohio, foi a |
change of mail route in said county. |
By Mr. S< HEN(.'K: The. petition of mam citi/.ens of j
Ohn , piayiwj tor the (Mahiibimicnt ol a mail ionic fiom !
Eaton to < io< nville, in that State, In the way of New (.'a-- !
line. AKo, two petitions of Nathaniel and Uathanne Law-
rence, of Aew Yoik, paiouu of Lieutenant N. 0. Lnwrencv i
and of .John C. Lawrence, of the (ruited State?! Navv, de-
ceased, praviriti; for pennons. AI«o, the petition and papeis
of Ruth Kioenuut, widow of" Captain Thonia^ Pn-einan, ol'
j Ohio, piayiug lor compensation lot e\.tiaoidin«u\ r-ervice^
| rendered m the wai of JiSW-'lf), and tor reiinbnw'Hient of
mom y-i advam ed to the >,oldicrs undct Jus command, w ith-
diawn from the file«?. AI>o.the petition oi On than nn Rinker,
of Philadelphia, widow of Samuel Rmket, who waa a sail-
nijruia>tci in the {Tinted estates na\\ dining the war ol the
Revolution, pravinj; fot a pension or compensation.
Hy Mr. KMIUtJite The u.cmoual of \V. A Twigs and
otheif, citizens ot Posey county, Indiana, prajitig lor the
reduction of postage on all new?pap< rs containing not over
r>0;it-({iuie lncho-. ALo, the mcmotial ot fundiy citizciu of
Change county. Irid'ami, on the same subject.
By Mr. PUTNAM • Tile i evolutions of the New York State
I,e^islattue, a-kuii,' the piohibition of slavery or involuntary
servitude in teintoriai governments, if established in New
Mexico and the California^ as recommended by the Presi-
dentin bi-annual mo^qre.
By Mr. HAHALSON: The petition of sundry citizens of
thtt eily of Ataianta, in the State of Georgia, praying the es-
tablishment of a United States arsenal at that place.
By Mr. HOLMES, of New York : Concuuent resolutions
of the State of Now York in relation to slave'rym the con-
quered provinces of New Mexico and the California*?.
By Mr. RTJMSEY: The petition of deputy postmasters
and others, citizens of Steuben county, New York, praying. -
for additional compensation to deputy postmasters at offices.
where mails arrive between nine o'clock atnight and five in*
tlse morning.
By Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina: The petition of the*
Chamber of Commeice of Charleston, praying for the estab-
lishment of a branch mint.
By Mr. DICKINSON: Petitions from citizens of Sandus-
ky and Hancock counties, Ohio, praying Congress to reduce
the postage on newspapers of Mnalt dimensions. Also, pe-
titions from citizens of Wyandot county, Ohio, praying.
Congress to carry into effcct the treaty of Brownstovvn and -
the laws of Congress relating to a road southerly from Lower
Sandusky.
By Mr. CROWELL : The petition of Thomas Jones and
othei-c, citizens! of Mahoning county, Ohio, praying the pas-
sage of a law prohibiting the sale of the public domain to any
persons except actual settlers, and in quantities not exceed-
ing one hundred and sixty acie>; ten per cent, to be dis-
counted fiom Government prices on payment of each one
hundred and sixty acres; tux nty pc r cent, on eighty acres;
forty per cent, on forty acre**, and fifty per cent, on twenty
neies.
By Mr. TWEEDY: The petition of C.Latham Sholes,
and foity-two otheis, asking for the establishment of a mail
route from Southpoit, Wisconsin, to Antioch, Illinois, via
Pleasant Prairie. AI.^o, the petition of Obeli M- Ward and
thnty-six others, foi the same object.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The petition of Orville B. Dib-
ble and George C. Bates, of the city of Detroit, for a giant to
a company incorpoiated by the State of Michigan of the right
of way through Government lands for the construction of a
ship canal around the falls of St. MaryV liver, in said State;
ami also for an appropriation of lands! to aid m the conduc-
tion of the work.
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of Catharine Davison
and toity-flve other-, citizens of Brown and Adams coun-
ties, in the State of Ohio, piayimr a leduction of po>tngo on
small newspapers. AI-o, the petition ot II. J. de Bium and
tlnrtv-one oilier^ citi/.en^ot Adams and Blown counties,in
lh< vStatc ot Ohio, pruj ing Congress to i educe the excessive
postage now chaiged on Miiall newspapers.
IN SENATE. "*
Tuesday, February 8, 1848.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a preamble and reso-
lution passed by-the Legislature of the State of
Indiana, m favor of passing a law to provide for
the payment of the claims of the representatives
of Francis Vigo, for advances to the troops under
General George Rogers'Clark in the Illinois cam-
paign; which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. CAMERON presented a resolution passed
by the Legislature of the State of Pennsylvania,
in favor of abolishing the postage on newspapers
not sent over thirty miles from the place of publi-
cation, and such other modifications of the post
oflke laws as will provide a uniform system of
cheap postage on letters and newspapers; which
was leferred to the Committee on the Post Ofiice
and Post Roads.
PmTTfOXS.
Mr. YLTLEE presented the memorial of Bene-
dict Madeore, Vicar Genei al of Florida, and pastor
of the Church of St. Augustine, and thememoual
of the trustees and members of that church, pray-
ing the re-transfer to its rightful owners of the
property belonging to the church, which was im-
properly conveyed to the United States at the
cesHion of Florida, as public property, by the
Spanish authorities; which were referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. BRADBURY presented two petitions of
citizens of the county of Hancock, Maine, pray-
ing the establishment of a mail route from Bucks-
port to George's Corner, in that State; which were
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, the petition of Alfred Marshall, collector
of the district of Belfast, in the State of Maine,
! praying an increase of compensation; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
I Mi. STURGEON presented the petition of citi-
, zens of Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, praying
i a reduction of the rates of postage on newspapers;
i which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
j Also, the petition of Samuel Blake, praying com-
! pensation forhisservices in taking the sixth census;
' which was referred to the Committee of Claims.
: Mr. BRIGHT presented the memorial of Tho-
! mas L. L. Brent, praying to be allowed an outfit
; as charge d'affaires of the United States at the
j court of Madrid; which was referred to the Com-
! mittee on Foreign Relations.
! Mr. MASON presented the petition of G. H.
i McCormick, praying an extension of his patent
j for a reaping machine; which was referred to the
I Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
