320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of Jo-
seph Nock, praying an extension of his patent
for padlocks, desk, chest, and trunk locks; which
was*referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Mr. DIX presented the petition of John "W.
Leuchs, praying the return of certain goods seized
by the collector of the port of New York, for an
alleged violation of the revenue laws, and indem-
nity for loss sustained by him in consequence of
such seizure; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance. ,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented the
memorial of John Golder, praying remuneration
for an alleged infringement by the Government of
the United States of his patent for an improvement
in the system of public finance; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented the petition of John
P. Baldwin, praying that a register may issue to him
for the schooner Robert Henry; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. CAMERON, it was ordered
that the heirs of James Bell have leave to with-
draw their petition and papers.
resolutions.
Mr. MANGUM, submitted the following reso-
lution, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be authorized
to pay out of the contingent fund the person who performed
the duties of one of the enirro58ing clerks of the Senate who
was sick during the late recess, at the same rate of compen-
sation as is usually paid to temporary clerks employed by
the Senate, for the tin^e he was so engaged.
Mr. BAGBY submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered by unanimous consent
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs he in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of causing a survej
and examination to be made with a view to the establish-
ment of a national foundry at Tuscaloosa, in the State of
Alabama.
Mr. CAMERON, fiom the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the motion to print the
memorial of the representatives of the religious
society of Friends for the States of New York,
Vermont, Michigan, and some parts adjacent,
praying for the settlement of the difficulties with
Mexico by negotiation, reported that the same be
not printed; which was agreed to.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisi-
ana, asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill
to authorize the relinquishment of the 16th section
in certain cases, and the selection of other lands in
lieu thereof; which was read the first and second
times by unanimous consent, and referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. DOWNS gave notice that on to-morrow,
or some early day thereafter, he will ask leave of
the Senate to introduce a bill to amend an act en-
titled " An act to provide for the punishment of
offences committed in cutting, destroying, or re-
moving live oak, and other timber or trees reserved
for naval purposes," approved 2d March, 1831;
and for other purposes.
thanks to general scott.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives expressive of the thanks of Congress to
Major General Winfield Scott, and the troops
under his command, was read the first 3nd second
times by unanimous consent.
Mr.YULEE. I desire to suggest an amend-
ment to the resolution; or at all events, I hope that
the committee to which the resolution will be
referred will so modify the resolution as to make
it embrace the officers of the navy of the United
States who participated in the operations at Vera
Cruz.
Mr. BADGER. Introduce a separate resolu-
tion.
Mr. YULEE. I hope these naval officers will
be included.
Mr. MANGUM. I trust that the honorable
Senator will not insist upon a reference of this
resolution. I think that the usual course has been
to pass sepaiate resolutions; and if the gentleman
wi!i propose a resolution of thanks to the officers
of the navy, it would meet with our cordial assent.
I hope that this resolution will be put upon its
passage.
Mr. NILES. I think that this is a subject of
some delicacy, and that the lesolution ought to be
referred. There is, I presume, no doubt that the
body will unanimously agree to carry out the sub-
stantial purposes intended to be effected by the
resolution. But the form of the resolution may be
a matter of some importance ; and it may be wor-
thy of consideration whether the scope of it is
such as to do justice to all the officers who have a
right to expect even-handed justice from us. I
move its reference to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
thanks to general taylor.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives expressive of thanks to Major General
Taylor, was read the first and second times by
unanimous consent, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
mexican negotiations.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution, submitted yesterday by Mr. Baldwin,
and it was agreed to:
Resohed, That the Pie*ident of the United Slates be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate, if in the possesion
of the Department of ritate, a copy of the instructions of the
MiMftenal Council of the Republic of .Mexico to the com-
missioners appointed to negotiate with Mr. Trist, dated at
Mexico on or about the 21th daj of August, 184/; together
with the proposals or project, if any, submitted by the Mex-
ican commissioner as toe ba^is of a treaty, prior to the
counter-project submitted by iht-m on the 8th of September,
1847. and alieady communicated to the Senate; and also,
the proceedings, if any, which vveic had m relation to said
proposals fiist submitted ; *o tar as the same may br commu-
nicated eoiKistentiy with the public interest.
judicial districts in arkansas.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill to divide the district
of Arkansas into two judicial districts.
Mr. BREESE suggested, that as the Senator
from Arkansas, [Mi. Sevier,] who had proposed
an amendment to the bill, was not now in his seat,
the bill be passed by informally.
Mr. xASHLEY remarked, that the bill when it
came up in its order had been already passed by
in consequence of the amendment having been
offered by las colleague. He had no objection,
however, to pass it by now, if a day were fixed
for its consideration.
Mr. CRITTENDEN expressed the hope that
some day would be fixed for the consideration of
the bill, so that, it would be known when it would
come up. He believed that they were encumber-
ing the country m every direction with Federal
courts, in his opinion, beyond the necessities of
the country, and contrary to the true spirit of the
Government. In the populous State Irom which
he came, there was but one United States district
court, and it had not a week's business in tlm
year. Unless the people of Aikansas were vast^
litigious, he could not imagine how such an amount
of business could be furnished as would require an
additional court.
Mr. ASHLEY had no objection to any day
which any gentleman might be disposed to name.
He would observe, however, that this bill stood
upon a peculiar foundation. The Judiciary Com-
mittee had never, since he became a member of it,
reported a bill for the creation of more than two
or three of these courts. In the present case, it
was not intended to create a new judge, but only
a new court, for the reasons plainly set forth in a
report printed by order of the Senate. It would
be observed, by referring to that report, that the
court had jurisdiction to the Rocky Mountains,
and the reason assigned for the creation of a new
one, which he believed to be conclusive, was the
great difficulty of compelling the Indian witnesses
to come one hundied and fifty or two hundred
miles into the interior of the State, to give testi-
mony in cases arising in that region. Heretofore,
the expense to the Government had been enormous;
and there was no doubt, that if the court which it
was now proposed to create, had existed from the
first, the saving to the Government would have
amounted to at least fifty thousand dollars. The
saving of this expenditure hereafter, and the ren-
dering facilities in the execution of justice in the.
Indian country, were the objects of the present
bill. It was proposed to locate the court on the
western border of the State, at Van Buren. He
had taken the precaution, after the unanimous rec-
ommendation of the State Legislature, to procure
a letter from the superintendent of Indian affairs
at the West, Captain Armstrong, and also from
the commanding general, both of whom recom-
mended the creation of the new court as a means
of punishing crime in the Indian country, and of
economizing the expenditures of the Government.
He referred the Senator from Kentucky to the
report in this case, which would, he apprehended,
remove his objections to the bill. In conclusion,
he had no objection to fixing a particular day for
the bill, and would name to-morrow.
The bill was then postponed, and made the order
of the day for to-morrow.
private bills.
The bill for the relief of William Marvin, in con-
firming the title to a tract of land in Florida, granted
by the Spanish Government to Bernardo Segui, on
the 90th of December, 1815, was read the second
time and considered as in Committee of the Whole;
and no amendment being made, it was reported to
the Senate, engrossed, and read a third time.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as m Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill for the relief of Susan
E. Gordon.
The question being put upon agreeing to the
amendment to the bill reported from the Committee
of Claims, it was determined in the affirmative.
Mr. WESTCOTT moved an amendment to the
bill; and the question being on concurring in said
amendment—
Mr. DAYTON said that this was one of that
class of bills which had of late years so multiplied
upon the Senate. He thought that it ought to be
examined with a little more care, and as the hour
had now arrived for the special order, he moved
that the bill should be passed by informally.
Mr. FOOTE hoped that that course would not
be taken, and he was sure that if the Senator from
New Jersey knew the history of the case, he
would not present any obstacle to the passage of
the bill. As for himself, he had been exceedingly
patient and forbearing in reference to the case,
although he had been urged very earnestly to ask
the Senate to take it up out of its order. The claim
was an eminently meritorious one; and the bill
was in substance the same as that which passed
the Senate unanimously at the last session, and
which would have been passed by the House, but
from the accidental circumstance that it was not
reached on the calendar. It had been carefully
considered in the committee, and amended chiefly
in its phraseology. The amendment offered did
not affect the material clause of the bill at all. He
knew the parties interested in this case, and they
were persons of high moral worth. It was a very
small affair, and he did hope that no impediment
would be thrown in the way of the passage of this
bill.
Mr. DAYTON observed, that perhaps it would
facilitate the gentleman's views if he consented to
the bill being passed by informally. He did not
know that any objection would be made to its*
passage.
Mr. FOOTE acquiesced, and the bill was passed
by informally.
the ten-regiment bill.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
to raise, for a limited time, an additional military
force.
Mr. MILLER apologized to the Senate for
entering on the discussion which had already ex-
hausted the attention of the Senate; but he was
impelled by a sense of duty to express his views.
He gave his views of the true meaning of the law
of May, 1846, which authorized an appropriation
of men and means to carry on the war. He con-
sidered that that act was passed for the purpose of
immediately putting an end to a war which waa
believed to have been unnecessarily commenced.
It was to enable the Government to terminate the
war, that the supplies were placed in the hands of
the President For all supplies, up to this time,
he had given his vote. Congress and the army
had done their duty; but how had the President
performed the duty assigned to him? lie had ad-
mitted Santa Anna into Mexico, and the result is
before us. He had sent Mr. Trist, a clerk of the
State Department, to enter into a negotiation; but
what he has done, or where he is, cannot be dis-
coveted. He has been using the army a d navy
to drive a bargain with Mexico, and now we are
told it is impossible to tel! if the war can be termi-
nated without the utter annihilation of Mexico.
He denied that the President had any power to
make a bargain with Mexico, for the purpose of
obtaining territory.
He vindicated the opponents of the war from the
