1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
323
merits which were either utterly unsound and falla-
cious, or foreign to the subject. This might seem
to be a strong position, but it was 110 stronger than
the truth*
It would take a long time for him to trace out all
the untrue statements that had been made by the
opposite party. When he said their statements
were untrue, he did not wish to be understood as
saying that they had actually lied. They might
have made these statements through ignorance; for
what he knew, they might have been ignorant of
the fact, and if they were ignorant of the fact, of
course it could not be attributed to them as a lie.
Be that as it might, it was their duty to know better;
and wherever knowledge was a duty, ignorance
•was a crime. Whatever it was the duty of a man
to know, he did know, in the estimation of the
laws both of God and man, and was held respon-
sible for his acts. Consequently, the Administra-
tion and its advocates placed themselves in a posi-
tion unenviable indeed. Their statements, their
arguments, their assertions were opposed to matter
of fact in the main; they were opposed to the his-
tory of the country; they were opposed to the
intelligence and knowledge of the whole world.
Now, in order to argue this question fairly, (for
he meant to direct his attention principally to the
subject of the war,) or to argue any other question
fairly, it was positively necessary in the outset, in
order that their arguments might be directed to the
point at issue, for the opposing or contesting
parties to ascertain what was the real difference
between them—on what points they agree, and on
what points they do not agree: they must ascertain
exactly the issue between,the two parties, and then
direct their arguments accordingly. What, then,
Was the issue between the parties here in regard
to this war? The President and his pai ty assumed
that the war was just—-justly commenced; com-
menced by the act of Mexico; that the Mexicans
shed the first blood—shed American blood on
American soil; that they struck the first blow.
And many other things were introduced here.
Well, he (Mr. F.) took a different position.
He believed the war was unnecessarily and un-
constitutionally commenced; consequently,.it was
unjustly commenced; and that, too, not by the
President of Mexico, but by the President of the
United States, and by his order. He took the
ground, also, and he challenged proof to the con-
trary, that there had not been a single Mexican
foot placed, nor a drop of American blood shed,
on American soil, since the commencement of the
war. He would notdeny himself but that the an-
nexation of Texas was a remote cause of war.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. McLank]
said the other day, that he considered the war una-
voidable on our part; and to lus (Mr. Fi«iier\s)
mind—and he thought it must be so to the mind
of every man—it was apparent that if Texas had
ttotbeen annexed, there would have been no war.
But was the annexation of Texas unavoidable on
our part? Again: he believed the immediate cause
war was the removal of our forces to the Rio
Gmnde, by order of the President of the United
State**. The gentlemen opposite had attempted to
justify this act of the President of theUnitod States,
by attempting to prove that the territory lying be-
tween the Nueces and the Rio Grande belonged to
Texas. Now, if in this those gentlemen had
failed to justify the President for moving our troops
to the Rio Grande—if it should be shown that that
territory belonged to Mexico—it would be appa-
rent that the President of the United States had
been guilty of causing an invasion of the territory
of a neighboring republic. He would examine
some of the grounds on which these positions rest-
ed, and endeavor to discover some point on which
all parties could unite; for where there were con-
flicting assertions, where there were irreconcilable
■statements, it became necessary to fix on some
ground on which both parties could unite, as a
basis—as a point from which to start. Well, this
ground he found here. It was admitted on all
hands, and it would not be disputed by any one,
that the territory between the Nueces and the Rio
Grande did once lawfully and indisputably belong
to Mexico. No one, he apprehended, would dis-
pute that. Here, then, was ground on which to
stand, and from which we may reason with respect
to the claims of either party. Taking, then, this
as the basis of the argument—that Mexico once
indisputably owned the territory—the next ques-
tion which arose was, Did Texas subsequently
become the owner of that territory, arid how did
she become possessed of it? Such a position was
proved by existing documents to be untrue. Mr.
Donelson, our charge d'affaires to Texas, says in
one of his letters, that the most westerly point
occupied by Texas was Corpus Christi. The most
westerly point, be it observed; consequently, the
other territory, if occupied at all, was occupied by
Mexicans. The published despatches of General
Taylor to this Government also state, that there
was a Mexican custom-house and officers at Brazos
Santiago. How, then, did Texas become the
owner of that territory ?
It had been admitted here, and he presumed it
would not now be disputed, that originally Texas
did not extend further west than the Nueces river.
It was also admitted that the title of Texas extend-
ed as far as her jurisdiction, which, by her rebellion,
she secured and exercised. But did Texas, by her
rebellion against Mexican authority, obtain and ex-
ercise jurisdiction over the territory lying between
the Nueces and the Rio Grande? Did she extend
her jurisdiction and the limits of her republic so as
to embrace that territory? She claimed Corpus
Christi, and no more. Consequently, as had been
said a day or two since by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] it might be considered
that the boundary was in the great, the " stupend-
ous desert," as it had been called, over which
neither the Mexican nor the Texan Government
had extended jurisdiction. He contended—and
the gentlemen opposite had not proved to the con-
trary—that Mexifco possessed the valley of the
Rio Grande, from its mouth to its source. It was
occupied by Mexican citizens; it was in their in-
disputable possession. Who would doubt that?
If any ventured to do so, he had the documents be-
fore him, from which he could prove his position
to be based on truth. If, then, Mexico was in
possession of that territory, he asked what right
had Texas to claim it?
It had been said—and it was frequently reitera-
ted by "the advocates of the President and of the
war—that the boundary of Louisiana formerly ex-
tended over that territory. This, however, was a
position which, he believed, had been abandoned;
for, if Louisiana did oncc extend so far, it after-
wards unquestionably belonged to Mexico, and was
known as the Department ofTamauIipas. He re-
peated the inquiry, then', what right had Texas to
it?
It had been asserted by some gentlemen on this
floor, that the constitution of the "Republic of Tex-
as claimed all the territory to the Rio Grande, and
that the constitution of Texas, after her annexa-
tion, reiterated the same claim. For the benefit of
the gentlemen who had made such assertions, he
would remark that he had those constitutions be-
fore him, and he could find nothing of the kind m
either of them. Neither of those constitutions
claimed the Rio Grande as the boundary line.
There was an act, or declaration, that the Rio
Grande should be the line of boundary between
Mexico and Texas. HA declaration ! And here
let him inquire if it was this declaration that gave
Texas the right to that country, or was the right
possessed before? The declaration most assuredly
could give no right. If, therefore, Texas had the
right, she had it before the declaration was made.
Had she that right ? There was no claim of right,
except that Santa Anna had made some sort of a
treaty or bargain, by which Texas acquired the j
right to the territory extending to the Rio Grande, i
This claim, however, he believed had been aban- j
doned; for Texas had no valid claim in conse- 1
quence of the contract with Santa Anna. Santa j
Anna had no authority over that territory more j
than was possessed by any other general com- j
manding; and if he had, he was a prisoner at the j
time the treaty was made. Satan, on the Mount :
with the Saviour of the world, promised the Re- j
deemer all the kingdoms of the earth if he would S;
fall down and worship him; but he promised that j!
which he did not possess. And so it was with jj
Santa Anna: for he had not the right to give a foot |j
of land in that territory. Thus, then, it appeared (j
that the claim of Texas was based on her own j'
declaration. Now, if a declaration will give title, 1 j
what would prevent every member on this floor
having as much land as he chose? It was very
certain that Mexico exercised jurisdiction over
that territory; and it was equally as certain that
Texas could get it only by one of two ways—
conquest or treaty. Well, did Texas conquer
that territory? Every one present knew she did
not, although it had, he believed", been said by
some gentlemen that her forces had been , driven
to the opposite side of. the river. If this were so
on one or two occasions, did the people who
occupied that territory rebel with the Texans,
or were they kept in obedience to Texan author-
ity? Why, years after those events occurred,
they found the individuals residing there pay-
ing obedience to the laws of Mexico, whose
authority extended up the river to Santa Fe; and
if a right existed to a foot "of land at the mouth of
the river, the right extended to its source.
If the principle for which gentlemen had con-
tended on this floor were once established in our
Government, it would he the establishment of a
principle which would seriously affect our own
interests. Suppose, forinstance, that Texas should
rebel against the United States. Texas is now a
State of this Union, as she was once a State of
Mexico, and she might rebel against our authority,
and proclaim herself independent. Now, if sne
should do so, and should declare that the Missis-
sippi river was the boundary between us, would
that declaration establish the boundary at that
river? Suppose a few of the inhabitants residing
on the eastern bank of the Sabine should unite
with the Texans in their rebellion, and join in such
a declaration that the Mississippi, from its mouth
to its source, was the boundary, would the fact
be any better established? Not at all. Nor was
the principle laid down by the President of the
United States and his supporters less absurd; nay,
more, it would be subversive of all law, of all
reason, and of common sense, and it would ulti-
mately prove destructive to our own Government.
The position of the President and his advocates
was so palpably absurd, that he would venture to
re-statcit; for its reiteration would render argument
useless. It was this: if Texas should rebel against
this Government, declare the Mississippi to be her
boundary, and maintain her independence nine
years, as a matter of course Texas would have
the right to the western bank of that river, from
its mouth to its source, including St. Louis and all.
Thus, it would be seen that, by establishing the
principle for which the President contended, we
might do that which would prove destructive to
ourselves. South Carolina, in the event of suc-
cessful nullification, might thus have claitned to
the Potomac, or wherever else she pleased; and
because she claimed it, according to the doctrine
of the President and his supporters, she would
have been entitled to it.
Well, then, such being the facts, it was appa-
rent Texas had not conquered the territory in the
valley .of the Itio Grande. She claimed, but she
had. not conquered it. Was there, then, anything
done to justify the marching of our army to the
Rio Grande? Was there any evidence of an in-
tended invasion of Texas by a Mexican force? It
had been roundly asscited by some gentlemen,
over and over again, that the President of Mexico
had ordered the Mexican army to the eastern bank
of the Rio Grande. Well, what was done there?
And who commanded? The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Robinson] stated that Ampudia, with
the forces under his command, crossed the river
and struck the first blow, and that American blood
was spilt there. Unfortunately for the gentleman
who gave utterance to such statements, they were
not founded in truth, and were not susceptible of
proof. If gentlemen would trace the history of
that affair, they would find not the least evidence
that Mexico ever struck the first blow, or any
blow, until after aggressions had been made by
troops of these United States. What was the his-
tory of those transactions? General Taylor was
ordered to the Rio Grande by the President of the
United States, and when he arrived there Mexican
citizens fled from before him. Having arrived
there, he blockaded the mouth of the RiQ Grande,
and then wrote to the President of the United
States, informing him what he_ had done, and
stating that Mexico would have either to retreat or
to come over and fight him. From this she had
no escape ; she had no alternative butan mgloriou^
retreat or a battle. Now, he would ask any dis-
passionate man if this was not war on our part.
Most undeniably it was. ~
But, again, previous to the attack made on Cap-
tain Thornton and his command, ordeis had been
given to Lieutenant Porter and others to scour the
' Pursuant to these orders, as stated by
