324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 9,
General Taylor in one of his letters, a Mexican
camp was discovered, and the attempt was made
to drive them away. In this affair two men were
killed. This was before the attack on Captain
Thornton. There was no evidence who struck
the first blow. The statement was, that an attack
was made, hut it was not said by whom that un-
fortunate affair was commenced. In the affair of
Captain Thornton, it appeared that the Mexicans
were drawn up, and that he charged them.
But to return to the march of our army; and,
for further illustration, suppose that Texas, having
maintained her independence of us for nine years,
should annex herself to the Mexican Republic,
and that the Mexican Government should send
her armies to the eastern bank of the Sabine, or
opposite New Orleans, as bur President sent our
armies to the Rio Grande to take up a position op-
posite MaUimoros, for the cases were strictly anal-
ogous. lie challenged gentlemen to show him any
defect in the analogy. Well, suppose, as the Mexi-
can at my approached New Orleans, the citizens of
.Louisiana should fly before it, and the Mexican
general should blockade the Mississippi river, so
as to compel the American forces that might be in
New Orleans either to go back or come over and
light him, would not this be cause of war3
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia, inquired whether the
Rio Grande was not blockaded by General Taylor
on his own authority ?
Mr. FISHER replied, that he was establishing
the fact and its inevitable consequence, and that
was all-sufficient for this portion of his argument;
but, by whomsoever it was done, it had been sub-
sequently sanctioned and approved by the Presi-
dent of the United States. His purpose now was
to show that we commenced the war with Mexico.
If, then, the Mexican general should blockade the
Mississippi river, as our general blockaded the
Rio Grande, he asked the advocates of the Presi-
dent and of the war whether it would not be an
aggression on the part of Mexico which would
be cause of war? The gentlemen opposite said it
was no aggression on our part to do this on the
Rio Grande; and if they were consistent, and ad-
hered to the principle they sought to establish,
they must yield as much to Mexico in the case
he had imagined if she should blockade the Mis-
sissippi. Thus he had sustained iiis premises
that the principle of the Piesident, if established,
would be destructive of our own lights and in-
terests. If the Texan title should 'be acquiesced
in because she had declared the territory was hers,
although she had never subdued it—if it was to be j
treated as hers because she claimed it by a law of !
her own enactment, he again asserted'that this
would be .to subvert all rights to territory, and
common sense also. *
_ But again: it had been said by gentlemen oppo-
site, that from 1343 neither the military of Mexico
nor her civil officers had ever been on the eastern
bank of the Rio Grande, but. that those of Texas
had. Now, precisely the reverse of tins was the
truth. No Texan ever made a tour to the eastern
bank of the Rio Grande without being either cap-
tured or killed. How, then, could it be maintain-
ed that Texas had conquered or revolutionized that
territory ? It was neither conquered nor revolution-
ized, and therefore Texas had no right to it, and
could not justly claim it. It belonged to its origin-
al owners. There were four way3 by which ter-
ritory could be acquired. First, by discovery;
secondly, by occupation; thirdly, by conquest; and
fourthly, by purchase. Well, then, as Mexico
had an undisputed right to this territory, Texas of
course had no right to it, and consequently it could
not be claimed as American soil. It was also
shown to be untrue that in this wai Mexico struck
the first blow. We have proof to the contrary.
It was demonstrable that we were the aggressors.
The documents to which gentlemen opposite had
access did not sustain the position they had as*
sumed.
But the advocates of this war took other ground.
They maintain that our claim for indemnity for
spoliations on the commerce of our citizens was
justifiable cause of war. But did they mean to
contend that the war was commenced for the pur-
pose of obtaining; indemnity from Mexico? Why,
this would be an admission that the President com-
menced the war. The spolations on our com-
merce by Mexico were not acts of recent date;
what right, then, had the President to make war
or indemnities? This position was an aggravation
rather than a justification of "the act of the Presi-
dent.
But again: gentlemen said Mr. Slidell was re-
jected, and hence we had cause of war. But would
it be pretended that the President had the right to
commence war because Mexico rejected Mr. Sli-
dell? The idea was preposterous. If, however,
the President had acted in good faith, Mr. Slidell
would not have been rejected, and he believed war
would not have ensued. Mexico asked for a com-
missioner to settle the difficulties existing between
the two Governments, and our President sent a
minister plenipotentiary to reside there, and Mex-
ico refused to receive him in that character, as she
hau the right to do. Herrera and Paredes both
asked for a commissioner, which our President
refused to send. Subsequently, however, he sent
Mr. Trist as a commissioner, when we were in-
volved in a war, from all the horrors of which we
might have been spared, if a commissioner had
been sent in the first instance.
But the President now tells us he has offered
them liberal terms of peace. But what are those
terms? They knew nothing about them. The
President would not communicate to Congress the
orders given to Mr. Slidell, nor what amount of
money Mr. Trist was authorized to pay for the
territory which he was instructed to demand.
How, then, could they tell whether the teims were
liberal or otherwise? He believed, if the Presi-
dent had offered Mexico just and fair terms of
peace, that he could have obtained it; but he had
not done so, and Mexico would not make peace'
because the terms offered were such as no honor-
able nation could submit to. There was not a doubt
on his mind that the object of. the Administration
was the conquest of the whole of Mexico; and be-
lieving as he did on this subject, and as he thought
every gentleman must believe who looked at the
facts free from party influences, that the war was
unjustly commenced on our part—that if we carry
it on to the conquest of the whole of Mexico, it
will prove destructive to our own Government—
he asked what they were to do as honorable men
and as patriots m such a case ? If the war was
commenced unjustly, and to carry if on would re-
sult in adding Mexico to these United States, which
would be destructive of our republican institutions,
what was their duty as patriots in this crisis ? Why,
evidently, as far as in their power lay, i was their
duty, by some means, to stop this atrocious war.
As just men and as patriots, they must do this.
From the discharge of this duty they had no es-
cape but in wrong doing.
But some gentlemen had argued that the war
was constitutionally made, and yet they contended
that the President had no constitutional power to
invade the territory of a neighboring nation. He
had power to repel invasion and to suppress insur-
rection, but he had no right to send an army among
the citizens of Mexico on the Rio Grande. Nor
was there any evidence that Mexico contemplated
an invasion. Some gentlemen had asserted that
Mexico had collected troops in great numbers—to
the number of seven thousand—previous to that
time, on the western bank of the Rio Grande, with
the avowed intention to invade and reconquer
Texas; and that they were stationed at Matamo-
ros. Of this there was no evidence. The assump-
tion was unsustained: nay, the proof established
the ^contrary to be the truth. There was no col-
lection of troops more than were ordinarily there,
before General Taylor was ordered to the Rio
Grande. General Taylor told the President that
there were scarcely two thousand troops at Mata-
moros, and that there was no probability of an
attack. ThePresident, too, told them that the two
nations were at that time at peace, the disturbance
of which must have been anticipated as a conse-
quence of the marching of our troops to the Rio
Grande. And what was the condition of things in
relation to Texas as a republic? Mexico, on her
part, and Mr. .Tones, the President of Texas, sus-
pended hostilities, and they were not recommenced
until we marched our troops in her territory. As
to any protection which Texas required, she had
it while our army was stationed at Corpus Christi.
Peace then existed, but our President broke it, and
peace was not asked for now because peace was
not designed or desired by the President. No one
couid read the despatches sent to General Taylor
without coming to the conclusion that the delibeiate
design was to involve us in a war with Mexico,
i The President hastily pushed on ourtroops, under
the pretence that Mexico was raising forces; but
General Taylor, in his peculiarly mild manner,
told the President that he was misinformed—that
there was no collection of troops—that there was
no necessity for warlike demonstrations—that there
was no danger. The President nevertheless urged
on our troops, with the evident determination to
involve the two nations in deadly hostilities.
But the President told us in his message of 1845,
in addition to the evidence already spoken of, that
when our army was at Corpus Christi, it was oi*
the western frontier of Texas. He told us in that
same message that our army was on the eastern
frontier of Mexico. There was, then, no claim to
that portion of Mexican territory; but now that
alone was not sufficient; for the whole of Mexico*
was to be subdued, and brought unwillingly into
this Union. And this he could not but regard as
the height of despotism. It was most assuiedly
not republicanism. And what would be the effect,
on ourselves? Mexicans would not quietly yield
themselves to our Government on the one hand,
and, on the other, the same spirit which would bring
them amongst us against their inclination would
be dangerous to the liberty of our own citizens.
It might attempt to establish a despotism over us.
It was the same spirit which actuated despots of
the Old World, and caused the many martyrdoms
of good and great men, whose butcheries stained
the pages of history. Let the principle be tolera-
ted and established amongst us that other nations
must be subdued to our dominion, and our own
liberties will not be safe. And on what pretence
was it that we should conquer other States and
annex them to ourselves? It had been said that
we must give them the benefit of free institutions.
It was, then, because we considered our Govern-
ment better than theirs. But \^as it the province
of this Republic to force its institutions on other
nations? Had we not claimed for mankind the
right to govern themselves by such laws as they
might cnact for their own government? For what
but this did our forefathers engage in our revolu-
tionary struggle > And yet at this early period of
the history of this Republic, its Presidentdisavow-
ed that principle as a governing one for the Mexi-
can people; and he sought to subdue them and to
bring them into subjection to us and to our laws.
Such was not the character of his (Mr. F.'s) de-
mocracy. He claimed for other nations, as well
as for our own, the right to establish either repub-
licanism, an aristocracy, or an anarchy. If other
nations are submissive to a despotism, it is no
business of ours. It gives us no right to interfere
with them, and the exercise of such a power, he
again asserted, could not be consistent with our
own institutions.
The President now told us that the whole object
of the war was to obtain indemnity. That was the
avowed object of this war. The President claims
indemnity not only for spoliations on the property
of our citizens, but for the expenses of this war.
Now, where were they to stop ? He again appealed
to the House—to every member of it, as a patriot
jealous of the honor of his country—to aid m put-
ting a stop to this war. If we proceed with the
war on this principle, the result was obvious. It
was evidently the determination of the President
to subdue the whole of Mexico, and annex it to
the United States; and this he (Mr. P.) would
endeavor to prevent as far as he had the power.
Could this bedone? Gentlemen oppositehad asked
what were our terms of peace; and to that ques-
tion he answered, that he would makepeace now
precisely as he would have made peace soon after
the war began. He would claim nothing on account
of the expenses of the war; and hence he held
that we weie entitled to nothing that we had no
claim to before the commencement of hostilities.
He would, in the next place, seek to establish a
boundary line between the two Republics, and that
line he believed should be in the " stupendous de-
sert" beyond the Nueces. He would then secure
indemnity for our citizens for the losses they had
sustained; and this was all he would desire, and
it was all we should expect the Mexican Govern-
ment to consent to. We should remember, that
by waging an unjust war, by contending for un-
reasonable indemnities, we were dishonoring our
own nation. Some gentlemen who had preceded
him had well said, that injustice and unrighteous-
ness were not consistent with national honor. So
far as braveiy in battle, and the success of our
arms was concerned, w« have gained great honor in
