1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
825
an unjust war; but, at the same-time, we have been
tarnishing the national honor at home. And how
shall we redeem ourselves from the stain? The
first step should be to stop this unjust war. As a
nation we must be just, for we read in the inspired
volume, that a righteousness exalted a nation, but
sin is a reproach to any people."
The Chairman's hammer here announced the
termination of the gentleman 's hour, and he yielded
the floor, for which there were many competitors;
but was obtained by
Mr. THOMAS, of Tennessee, who first referred
to the variety of subjects which had already been
•discussed during; the pendency of this bill, in jus-
tification of the course of remark which he should
take. A call had been made upon the President
for the instructions given to M \ Slidell; com-
pliance with that call had been refused, and now
we heard the course of the President denounced
as throwing himself on his "royal prerogative"
in withholding information. But the House had
been passing resolution after resolution since that
time asking information of the President, "if, in
his opinion, it is not incompatible with the public
interests to be communicated." Thus the very
course of the House stood out a clear justification
of the President.
But on this point he would refer to some of the
views entertained by men who knew more of the
spirit of the Constitution than he professed to
know. He would first read from a record made
by Mr. Jefferson of the consultations of President
Washington's Cabinet, dated March 31, 1792:
" March 31,1792.-—A meeting at tire President's. Present:
Thomas Jefferson, Alevander Hamilton, Henry Knox, and
Edmund Randolph. The subject was the resolution of the
iiouse of Representatives, of March 27, to appoint a com-
mittee to inquite into the causes of the faihue of the late
e.xpedrtiou .under M.ijot Geueial St. Clan, with she power
to call for such persons, papers, and records as may 1>^
«ece&-ary to assi.-t their inquiries. The committee had
wiitttrn to Kim* foi the oiupiml letter^ instructions, &e.
The President had called us to consult meiely because H
was the tin-t example, and he wished that, so far as it should
ftecome a preeed* tu, it should he rightly conducted. He
neither acknowledged noi denied, run- even doubted, the
propriety of what the House were doing, for ho had not
thought upon it, nor was he acquainted with subjects of
this kiruP, he could readily conceive there might be papers
-of so secret a nature as they ought not to be given up. We
•were not prepared, and wished time to think and inquire.
"JlprU-a.—Met again at the President's on the same sub-
ject. Wo hud all considered, and were of one mind: first,
that the House was an inquest, and therefore might institute
inquiries; secondly, that it might call for papers generally;
thirdly, that the Executive ought to communicate such pa-
pers as the public good would permit, and ought to refuse
those the disclosure of which would injure the public; con-
sequently, were to exercise a discretion."
He alluded to the message of General Washing-
ton in 1796 upon thin subject, to which so frequent
reference had recently been made. A part of this
message, he said, was wholjy disapproved of by the
Republican party of that day, led on by Giles and
Madison. Mr. Madison made an able argument,
which was reported at length, against the message
of General Washington. But he did not say a
. «ingle wurd against the position which was quoted
by President Polk from General Washington's
message. On the contrary, Mr. Madison, who was
then heading the opposition to President Wash-
ington, used the following language, clearly sus-
taining Mr. Polk in the position he had taken. In
the House of Representatives, April 6, 1796, Mr.
Madison said:
" He thought it clear that the FIouh' must have a right in
alt cases to a*k for information which might <i>M6t their dclib- j
erattous on Hibjeets submitted to them by the Constitution; i
being responsible nevertheless lor the propriety of the niea^- !
uro. He was as leadyiu admit that the Executive had a j
right, under a due responsibility, aKo to withhold informa- j
tion when of a nature that did not permit a disclosure of it I
at tlic time. And if the refusal of the President had been
founded firmly on a representation that the state of the busi-
ness within his department and the contents of the papers
asked for required it, although he might have regretted the
. refusal, be should have been little disposed to criticise it."
Again, he says:
'* If the Executive conceives that, in relation to his own
department, papers could not be safely communicated, he
might on that ground lefuse them, because he was thp com-
petent though responsible judge within his own depart-
ment."
Here, then, we had the authority of Washing-
ton and Madison sustaining the course of Mr.
Polk. Mr. Jefferson, Mr. Monroe, General .Tack-
son, and other high authorities could be brought
forward on this side, and not a single one could be
found to the contrary.
Mr. T. referred to the effort that had been made
by reference to the course of Mr. Polk upon the call
upon President Adams for information relative to
the Panama mission, to convict him (Mr. Polk)
of inconsistency in now declining to communicate
all the information demanded by the House, and
he entered into a minute examination of that
case, with a view to the complete vindication of
Mr. Polk. He maintained that the doctrine the
friends of the Piesident advocated on the subject
had been the doctrinc of all parties since the found-
ation of the Government; and he referred to
Judge Story and other elementary writers on the
Constitution; all of whom, he said, went so far as
to say that the House of Representatives had no
' right to demand information of the President upon
any subject in relation to our foreign affairs, but
could go no further than to request it. They held
that this was the whole right of the House.
Mr. T. said it was all important to look at
the history of this war, to see how far it had
progressed, what sums it, had cost, and, what was
of far more consequence, what an amount of hu-
man life had hften expended in its prosecution.
The gentleman on the other side, after contem-
plating the whole affair, came to the conclusion
that it was wrong, all wrong; and that all this
vast amount of evil had been incurred in the pros-
ecution of an unjust, unnecessary, and unconsti-
tutional war. If that gentleman was in the right
as to the character of the war, and the unconstitu-
tional manner in which it had been commenced,
then he was right in maintaining that we ought to
recall our troops, and make a treaty with Mexico j
on precisely the same basis we had offered at the I
beginning: but if his principle was right thus far,
it ought to have carried him further. If we had j
gone to war with Mexico unjustly, we owed her
reparation. If all our war had been a wanton ag-
gression on her rights, and invasion of her terri-
tory, most certainly it was our duty to make her
amends as best we might. Why did he stop short
of the manifest requirements of justice? The gen-
tleman discoursed very eloquently about the prin-
ciples of honor and justice, and he drew even from
the Good Book itself in support of them; but had
he consulted that volume, he might have found
something about making restoration fourfold.
But let us examine the basis on which the charge
against the Administration rested. The gentleman
would have the world believe that all the evils of
this state of war had been brought upon the coun-
try by the unnecessary and unconstitutional march
of our army to the banks of the Rio Grande. Now,
it seemed to Mr. T., that if gentlemen who brought
this charge would but look back a little, they would
find that they were placing their own friends in a
rather awkward predicament
for the bill; but who could force them, to vote to
carry on a war that was unnecessary, unjust, and
unconstitutional? How far had the war proceeded
when that bill was passed ? As far as the Hoitse
knew, our arm£ was encamped on the left bank of
the Rio Grande, and the Mexican army was oh
the other tank, directly opposite. Some of these
troops had crossed, and some American soldiers
had been slain. Did a state of things like th&t
call for so vast an expenditure? Although Mr. T.
professed to be a friend and supporter of the pres-
ent Administration, he never had entertained, and
he trusted he never should, so much respect for
any Administration as to vote ten millions of doj-
lars and fifty thousand men to aid it in carrying
on an unjust, unnecessary, and unconstitutional
war. According to these gentlemen, the war was
all wrong, wrong from the start, begun by tram-
pling on the Constitution; when our troops were
slain, they were in the territories of a friendly
neighbor, where they had no right to be: and yet
these gentlemen voted to give the President all he
asked; and what for?
Mr. T. and his friends believed that the war
had been begun by Mexico; and if so, then both
men and money ought to be voted, and voted
freely, to carry it on. But how could gentlemen
ever pretend to justify themselves who believed,
as they said, directly the reverse? Mr. T. main-
tained that the troops when encamped on the Rio
Grande were just where they ought to have been;
and therefore, as Mexico had attacked them there,
and so commenced the war, he held very consist-
ently that the House were ns much bound to vote
for carrying on the war now as they were at first.
But gentlemen said they voted the bill not to
carry on the war, but merely in order to relieve
General Taylor. The excuse was frivolous—the
answer perfectly nugatory. They knew perfectly
that before the men they were voting could possi-
bly ieach General Taylor, his fate would have
been sealed. That vote could not affect his safety
or avail to deliver him from the greatest danger.
He was three thousand miles off: who could pre-
tend that he voted in the hope that relief would
reach him, in consequence of that vote, in time to
effect his rescue? It was vain to pretend it. They
voted the bill, then, not to extricate General Taylor.
Should information reach the House to-day that
the President of the United Srates had ordered an
army across the St. Lawrence into Canada, and
that our general and his command were in immi-
nent danger of being cut to pieces—they were one
thousand miles off, in the interior of the country—
and the President, while communicating these facts
to Congress, should ask for millions of money and
HUT tiwivwuru Mivmv-ium'm. ,   . . ■ . .
On the Ulli of May, 184(5, when this House were !, thousands ofmen to:™ to;«he rescue ™uld
engaged in discussing the nereesary measures to be
taken in preparation for a possible war with Eng-
land, an Executive message came into the House,
stating that w ar existed on the banks of the Rio
Grande. An amendment was accordingly intro-
duced, declaring that the war existed by the act
of Mexico. This amendment was voted by the
House—a majority of the Tennessee delegation
voting in the affirmative. And afterwards, when
the bill was introduced granting supplies in men
and money, though many gentlemen on the other
side maintained stoutly that the amendment de-
dared a lie, and that they were compelled to vote
what they did not believe, yet all of them, with
the exception offourteen, voted in favor of the bill.
Now admitting, for argument sake, that what they
said was true, and the amendment dechuing the
war to exist by the act of Mexico was false, still,
(he asked,) what was the bill for? To make pro-
vision to carry on the war. It placed fifty thou-
sand volunteers and ten millions of money at the
disposition of the President, to enable him to pros-
vote such a bill? Who would not instantly ask,
! "why is our army in Canada? what right have
they to be there?" And no gentleman would rise
i and say they had any right. 13ut when the sup-
ply bill passed at Ue commencement of this war,
j nobody on the other side raised such an objection,
i but they voted the men and the money for the war.
I Now they pretended that it was only to-relieve
| General'Taylor. -
1 And now on the subject of the boundary of
' Texas. It had been said here, time and again,
and he believed it was generally tidmitted, that the
right of Texas was a revolutionary right, and that
just so far as the revolution actually extended,
just so far and no farther her right to the teiritory
j 'extended with it. Well, take the question on that
; ground. Every one knew, that when a revolution
prevailed in any country against the previously
i existing government, it was not a possible thing
, to bound" the extent of the revolution by precise
! lines, as a land surveyor would run the bounds of
an estate with compass and chain. It was not
O J. l-V VlliXWtC ilLlIi M.F t l.n w r _
ec-ute the war. Yes; the bill called fifty thousand j; practicable to tell within a rood just how tar i
| of our fellow-citizens from their peaceful homes, | could with truth be said that tne revolution ha
I and sent them to encounter the horrois and dangers ! j spread itself. Now it was important, in order o
of a deadly climate, and all in order to carry on :• come at this point, to look and see where e con
an unjust, unnecessary, and unconstitutional war ! ,1 tending parties themselves considered tne ivi t „
!! Now, ifgentlemen knew the war to be thus unjust; jj line as running. When the j
if they believed it to be unnecessary, and, to crown i" pendence was made by Texas m 183b, s e
jj all, in contravention of the Constitution, why did 11 But subsequent
II they vote for the bill?
They complained that they were forced to vote
that the war was begun by Mexico, though they
knew better, though they knew that it was begun
by ourselves. Well, if they knew that, why did
they vote to prosecute the war? They might be
forced to vote for the amendments if they voted
precisely defined any'boundary. But subsequent
events went to fix it. After the battle of San Ja-
cinto had been fought, and President Santa Anna
captured, a treaty, or something which bore the
name, (whether it was str.ctly a Uealy or not, he
should not argue,) was entered into; and though
it might not be of binding power, still it went to
show how the parties on both sides understood
