326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 9,
the boundary between them. Here were the rep-
resentatives of the two countries met in one place,
and they sat down to settle upon the line. On
what did they agree, and what did they claim from
each other ? Texas claimed to the Rio Grande,
while Mexico claimed up to the Sabige. There
was the issue; and this showed what was the mat-
ter in dispute. If the treaty had no other effect, it
served to let Mexico know what Texas claimed.
In 1843 an armistice took place, and in 1845 a
second; the respective parties retired for the pur-
pose of negotiating. The Mexicans went west of
the Rio Grande, while the Texans went to the
east side of it. In June, 1844, an effort was made
by Mexico, under General Woll, to reconquer
Texas; and the invading general then issued a
proclamation, in which he spoke of Texas as a
revolted province of Mexico. That revolted prov-
ince, whatever its boundaries were, was the Texas
which we annexed to the United States. [Here
Mr. T. quoted the proclamation of General Woll,
and argued, from the language he employed, that
lie regarded the Rio Grande as the boundary of the
revolted province he had been sent to reconquer.]
But it was said that, on the banks of the Rio
Grande, there were certain peaceful Mexican set-
tlements. Well, so there were. But what then ?
As he had already said, in fixing the great bounds
and limits which separated different countries, it
was impossible to bend the line hither and thither
to meet the little local inconveniences of different
neighborhoods. It was not possible to bound the
extent of revolutions by lines going in and out,
like the limits of a private estate. In our own
revolution there had been Tories who were op-
posed to it; and Tory settlements where the flag
of the new Government was not suffered to float.
There were some who refused to fight on either
side, and others who fought to retain the establish-
ed Government; but did we at the peace surrender
these local spots in the genera! a.cknowledgment
of our national independence ? Had Great Britain
the face to ask that reservations should be made
wherever a Tory neighborhood existed ? Besides,
there was no proof that these people settled on the
Rio Grande were Mexican Tories to the Texan
Government ; on the contrary, the proclamation
put forth by Canafes spoke of them as being noto-
riously unfriendly to Mexico, and as having said
that they never would submit again to Mexican
authority. It might be that they were non-com-
batants, and, on account of the too near vicinity of
the Mexican forces, were afraid to come out and
take open sides with Texas. But had any remon-
strance come -up from them to General Taylor
showing that they were Mexican at heart? There
might have been a few isolated cases, but none
that evinced anything like a concerted movement
or general action. On these principles Mr. T.
contended that, in establishing a national bound-
ary line, regard could not be had to these isolated
spots: we must fix on great and prominent nat-
ural features of the country, without attempting
to suit the convenience of each particular neighbor-
hood.
Mr. T. wished to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the manifest inconsistency of gentlemen
who were opposed to this war. The course of
the Administration, according to them, was wronsj,
only wrong, and that continually. Nothing praise-
worthy was to be found. But when these same
gentlemen camc to speak of another individual,
and one who had had no little to do in carrying on
the war. their lips could utter nothing but praise.
Now, Mr. T. had taken the pains to collect from
the reports of the general in command, (a gentle-
man who, for the most part, was no very enthusi-
astic friend of this Administration—who certainly
knew something about the facts in the case about
which he was writing,) some extracts which he
would read to the committee. He commenced
with a letter from General Taylor to the depart-
ment, of September 14, 1845 ; it was written from
Corpus Christi, and it gave the opinion that he
should not need volunteers to aid him in the exe-
cution of the orders received. He read also from
another, dated October 8, in which he stated that
the people on this side the river would not be
averse to his march, and, though he considered
Corpus Christi as a very proper point to hold, he
should have preferred an advanced position on the
river—Corpus Christi was " too far from the fron-
tier." Now, gentlemen on the other side warmly
insisted that Corpus Christi was itself the frontier
ofTexas. Genera! Taylor, it seemed, was of a
very different opinion. This view taken by Gen-
eral Taylor was corroborated by that of Canales,
who, writing from Camargo, a small town imme-
diately on the Rio del Norte, declares it to be the
" northern frontier" of Mexico. He also quoted
General Taylor as speaking of " our title to the
Rio Grande." He thought that Corpus Christi
might do well enough so far, but considered it his
duty to suggest the expediency of advancing to
the Rio Grande.
Now, gentlemen on the other side would all
admit that General Taylor was actuated by a regard
for the good of his country; so he must have con-
sidered it for the good of this country that our
army should be advanced to the left bank of the
R.io Grande, the very thing charged as so great an
enormity on the President. Mr. T. next quoted
another letter of General Taylor, in which he dis-
claims all necessity of taking volunteers from the
other Stales, and says that if any should be needed
he should draw them from Texas. Now, what
had General Taylor been sent there for? To ob-
tain all the information in his power on the spot,
and then to give to the department his advice as a
military man. His next letter acknowledged the
receipt of the order of the 13th of January, (" the
fatal order,") and speaks about his reaching the
banks of the river, and being then able to judge of
the temper of the inhabitants of the northern prov-
inces of Mexico; but gave it as his opinion that
the people on the river were well disposed towards
us, and that his advance to the river would have a
great effect.
It had been contended that General Taylor, in a
subsequent letter, withdrew this advice in favor
of advancing to the river; but Mr. T contended
that this was a false construction put on General
Taylor's language; which, on the contrary, ex-
pressed his high approbation of such a step. On
the 16th of January, he told the department that
he did not think the advance of the army would
be seriously resisted; he spoke of enforcing "our
rights," and thougiit there would be no need of
increasing his force by volunteers, &c., because
the people would generally remain quiet.
Now, let any one compare the language of gen-
tlemen on the other side in regard to the President
j of the United States and to a chieftain whom they
considered themselves as enjoying a monopoly to
extol.
He went on to quote from letters written by
General Taylor on the 15th and 21st of April, after
he had reached the river, and was encamped im-
mediately opposite Mataraoros. Here he spoke
of our right to a joint navigation of the river, and
the necessity, under certain circumstances, of
" carrying the war, as it should be carried, into
the enemy's country." He called for five thou-
sand .men, expressly for the purpose of marching
into Mexico. Now, he presumed General Tay-
lor knew as well as any man whether the war was
begun by Mexico or by the United States.
The President of the United States, on the 11th
May, said that the war had been commenced by
Mexico, and Congress declared the same thing.
On the 11th of March, the Mexican mmistei, in
his letter to our Government, declared that Mexi-
co had used all efforts in her power to avoid the
war, but it had been provoked on our part. A
gentleman on the other side of the House, speak-
ing the other day, hod made the same statement.
The Mexican minister used the term " provoked,"
and so did gentlemen here. There seemed an
entire agreement between their language and that
of the Mexicans. Now, it might be that Mr.
T.'s partiality for his own country blinded his
perceptions of truth; but certain it was, that he
should not like to be found thus agreeing with the
enemies of his country. Now, to see how far
General Taylor agreed with his enthusiastic ad-
mirers on this floor, he would read from a de-
spatch of his, dated the 8th of May, in which,
speaking of his answer to the Mexican request for
an armistice, he tells Arista that circumstances
have changed, and that he could not now suspend
an operation which "he had not initiated or pro-
volctd."
Mr. T. would leave the gentlemen on the other
side to settle this difference in sentiment between
themselves and the Mexican minister on the one
side and General Taylor on the other. Which
'was right ? Both could not be. Here were the
President of the United States and General Taylor
on the one side, and a Whig majority of the House
of Representatives on the other. He contended
that these gentlemen had by their acts admitted
before the world that General Taylor was in the
right. If not, then they were chargeable with all
the consequences of the war. They had voted
men and money to inflict these terrible evils both
on Mexico and their own country. However
reprehensible the President might be, they had
gone further than he. He had ordered the army
to the Rio Grande; they had carried it to the gates
of Mexico. All the thousand miseries which had
been endured, all the thousand scenes of wo which
had since occurred, were chargeable on them. How
many widows^ wails and orphans' cries had gone
up to Heaven, witnessing against men who sup-
plied all the means of carrying on an unjust and
unnecessai y war. Yes; these gentlemen had done
it. They voted the supply bill—but why? They
said the war was unjust—a war of invasion—a war
of conquest; and still they voted to carry it on.
Those on Mr. T.'s side had but acted as did their
revolutionary sires, when they believed their rights
to be invaded. They thought the -war right and
just—provoked by Mexico, and not to be avoided
by us without dishonor. They were, therefore,
chargeable with no inconsistency; but gentlemen
ij who said it was "a lie'' that Mexico begun the
l! war, and yet voted a bill which proceeded on that
jj assumption, how could they escape the responsi-
j bility of all the woes which followed m its train ?
■' For himself, he would rather have believed the
j! falsehood (if falsehood it was) than voted the bili
11 while disbelieving it.
|! Mr. T. here quoted the letter of the Secretary
Ij of War to General Taylor, in which he directed
II him, should the common right of navigating the
ll Rio Grande be resisted by Mexico, not to attempt
l! to enforce it by military means. The course of
j' the General was approved so far, but he must let
i; the river alone. Mr. T. here read the following
! extract from General Taylor's letter of the 23d of
> April, 1846, to the Secretary of War:
" In my last despatch, T advised you that, on receipt nf
i[ General Ampudia's summons to fall back from my position,
11 t oidered a blockade of the mouth of the Rio Grande, deem-
I, ing this a measure perfectly proper underthe circuin^tames.
' ' ~ * I tru-t that my course in this matter will meet the
I1 approval of the department. It vrill at any rate compel ihA
; Mexicans either to withdraw their army from Matamoros,
wheie it cannot he subsisted, or to assume the olien-ave on
this side of the river."
I Now, gentlemen could scarce find language se-
I vere enough to censure the President for the " fatal
order" to advance the army to the Rio Grande,
! and yet not a word of censure for General Taylor,
i who had ordered, on his sole responsibility, the
j river to be blockaded, and that against the Presi-
dent's orders. Mr. T. here read a part of General
| Taylor's letter to Ampudia, in whtch he tells the
I Spaniard that the war has been " forced upon us."
What would he have said could he have foreseen
j the positions that would be taken by his own spe-
i cial admirers on the floor? He was suipiised that
I even a Mexican should pretend that we began the
; war. How would he have hung his head to think
! that Americans and American legislators should
[ be found standing with the bragging and swift-
I running Ampudia!
S Here the Chairman's hammer fell, and Mr. T.
I resumed his seat.
I Mr. MARSH then got the floor, and the com-
| mittee rose.
| The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
( munication from the Secretary of War, transmit-
j ting, in compliance with the resolution of the House
of the 17th ultimo, a letter from the Colonel of the
i Corps of Topographical Engineers, enclosing: the
I report and map of Lieutenant Emory, of the Topo-
I graphical Engineers, of the route of the army under
' the command of General Kearny, from the Mis-
! souri river to the Pacific Ocean; and, also, a copy
| of the Journal of the expedition kept by Captain
; Abraham R. Johnson.
I Mr. McCLELLAND moved that the commu-
nication be refened to the Committee on Printing,
with a view to the printing of an extra number.
It was so referred. %
On motion of Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi",
the Senate bill for the relief of Thomas Rhodes,
which was lying on the Speaker's table, was re-
, ferred to the Coinmittee of the Whole.
: Mr. VINTON, from the Committee of Ways
' and Means, reported a bill making appropriations
