1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
327
for the naval service for the year ending 30th Jane,
1849. Read and committed.
On motion of Mr, HALL, of New York,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce inquire into
the propriety and expediency of appropriating a sum not
exceeding twenty-five thousand dollars, for the expenses of
eoiifiiming the survey of the Great Lakes, heretofore con-
ducted by the Corps of Topographical Engineers, under the
■direction of the War Department, and that said committee
report by bill or otherwise.
NOTICE OF BILLS.
Notices of motions for leave to introduce bills
and joint resolutions were given—
By Mr. WILEY; Of a bill for the relief of Dan-
iel H. Warren.
By Mr. HALL, of Missouri: Of a joint reso-
lution giving the thanks of Congress to Colonel
©oniphan and Brigadier General Price, and the
officers and men under their respective commands
in the late military operations in New Mexico and
Chihuahua.
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 9, 1848.
The VICE PRESIDENT resumed the chair
to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication of the acting Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting, in answer to a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 1st instant, a report of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
respecting lands granted for military bounties, in
the State of Illinois, since the 1st of June, 1819;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DIX presented a preamble and resolution
passed by the Legislature of the State of New
York, instructing the Senators, and requesting the
Representatives of that State in Congress, to use
their efforts to effect the exclusion of slavery from
any provincial or territorial government which the
United States may hereafter establish; which were
read and ordered to be printed.
PKTITIOJNS.
Mr. HALE presented a memorial from John P,
Andrews, of Salem, Massachusetts, stating that
navies and armies bring war, and that war brings
armies and navies, and that the only effectual
method of preventing the commencement and stop-
ping the continuance of war, is the adoption of the
Christian policy of resisting evil by doing good,
and asking that Congress will look into the pro-
priety of issuing a circular to all the nations of
the world to join in a plan for the disbanding of
■all armies and navies, and all preparations for
war.
Mr. BR.EESE presented the memorial of the
hoirs and legal representatives of Nicholas Jarrot,
deceased, praying the confirmation of their title to
-certain lands in the JState of Illinois; which was
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented the
memorial of the heirs-at-luw of Timothy P. An-
derson , deceased, praying an extension of his patent
for an improvement in the economy of water power
by means of a graduated spout; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Patents^ and the Patent
Office.
Mr. BENTON presented a memorial from Alex-
ander Vattemare, a man, said Mr. 15., well known
for his extraordinary and meritorious exertions in
favor of the exchange of American and foreign
books relating to science, politics, history, &c.
Mr. V. asks the establishment of a permanent
agency by the United States for the exchange of
all public documents printed and published under
their authority, for similar works published under
the sanction of foreign governments. Mr. B.
asked that the memorial might be printed, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Library; which
was agreed to.
-Mr. SPRUANCE presented the memorial of
masters of vessels engaged in the coasting trade,
praying the construction of an ice harbor at Dela-
ware city, in the Delaware bay; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Commerce.
Mi". CASS presented the petition of Justus Pow-
ers, a soldier in the last war with Great Britain,
praying to be allowed arrears of pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
George Wilkes, praying the adoption of measures
for the construction of a national railroad from the
Michigan river to tlfe Pacific ocean; which was
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
On motion by Mr. FELCH, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the administrator of John
Anderson, on the flies of the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Ordered, That the petition of Aaron Weeks, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary,
On motion by Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That the guardian of Artemas Conant have leave
to withdraw his petition and papers.
On motion by Mr, JOHNSON, ofLa., it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Pensions be discharged
from the farther consideration of the bill from the House of
Representatives for the relief of Alborne Allen, and that it
be referred to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. DIX, it was
X)rdcrcd, That the Committee on Commerce be discharged
from the further consideration of the bill from the House
of Representatives, for the relief of Barclay, &. Livingston,
and Smith, Thurgur, St Co., and that it be relerred to the
Committee on Finance.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. BADGER submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That there be paid to each of the messengers of
the Senate and office of the Secretary of the Senate, who
have noc already received it, the same additional compen-
sation that was paid to R. P. Anderson and J. L. Ciubb for
the second session ofthe twenty-ninth Congress.
Mr. WEBSTER submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary inquire
into the expediency of making further provision by law re-
specting'impiisonment for debt on process issuing from the
courts ol the United States.
Mr. WEBSTER remarked, that he had received
a communication, for the accuracy of which he
could not vouch, as its source was unknown to
him, setting forth a case of very considerable hard-
ship and apparent cruelty, growing out of impris-
onment under a process issuing out of the courts
of the United States. He thought it proper to
lose no time in bringing .the subject to the atten-
tion of the Senate; and if the Senate saw fit to
adopt the resolution, he would place the communi-
cation in the hands of the Judiciary Committee,
whose early action upon the subject he solicited.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims, to whom was
referred the petition of the heirs of William Gray-
son, deceased, submitted a report accompanied by
a bill for the relief of the heirs and legal represent-
atives of Colonel William Grayson.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom wan referred the
petition ofWeleomc Parmenter. subiuittedareport,
accompanied by a bill for hi« relief.
Mr. J., from the same committee, to whom was
referred the petition of David , Currier, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill for his relief.
The said bills were severally read and passed to
a second reading, and the several reports ordered
to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
following bills from the House of Representatives,
reported them without amendment:
An act for the relief of Mrs. Harriet Barney.
An act for the relief of George Newton.
An act for the relief of Jesse Young.
An act for the relief of Russell Goss.
An act for the relief of Mary Brown, widow of
Jacob Brown.
GRANTING A REGISTER.
Mr. DIX, from tlve Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the petition of John P. Bald-
win, reported a bill to authorize the issuing of a
registerorenrolmentto the schooner Robert Henry;
which was read the first and second times by unani-
mous consent, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. D. stated that this bill rested on the same
principle as that of one or two others of the same
character which had been promptly passed by the
Senate, and he should therefore be gratified if the
Senate would dispense with the usual forms and
permit the bill to be passed.
Mr. D. also, from the same committee, asked
to be discharged from the further consideration of
the memorial of Barclay & Livingston, and that it
be referred to the Committee on Finance.
MAP OF NEW MEXICO.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a motion to print the
report of the examinatiori' and map of New Mex-
ico, made by Lieutenant J. W. Abert, ofthe Topo-
graphical Corps, reported that it be printed, and
that two thousand additional copies, with the map
accompanying the report, be printed for the use of
the Senate.
MISSOURI AND ARKANSAS BOUNDAItT.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives confirming the boundary
between Missouri and Arkansas, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. A. urged upon the Senate immediate action
. on the bill; and it was by general consent cofisid-
i ered in Committee of the Whole, read a third time,
and passed.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill concerning
testimony, reported it with amendments.
ADDITIONAL COURT IN ARKANSAS.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill to divide the district
of Arkansas into two judicial districts.
In submitting an amendment to this bill—
Mr. SEVIER said that it would be perceived
that this bill proposed to establish a court without
a judge, or at least that the duties were to be per-
formed by the present judge. The object of the
i amendment was to create a judge for this court,
j and ho. thought that lie could assign satisfactory
1 reasons for that procedure. The State of Arkansas,
I as the Senate was aware, was one of great territo-
| rial extent, and had attached to it the jurisdiction
of all the Indian tribes on the border, which ex-
! tended from that line indefinitely westward.
Mr. DAYTON suggested that, as the Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] at whose
request the bill had been postponed, was not now
in his seat, the btll be passed ovsr informally.
Mr. SEYIER had no disposition to press the
bill in the absence of the Senator. He would send
his amendment now to the desk, and, if printedby
to-morrow, he would submit it.
Mr. ASHLEY hoped that the bill would not
lose its priority, as it had been made the special
order for to-day. .
Mr. SEYIER remarked that it could be called
up to-morrow of course.
Mr. ATCHISON was opposed to the bill; but
as it had already been passed over on several
occasions, and a good deal of time had thus been
wasted he moved that it bo made the special
oulcr Cor Monday two weeks.
Mr. DAYTON hoped that the motion would be
assented to by the Senator from Arkansas. He
knew that the Senator from Kentucky was anxious
that a particular day should be fixed for the con-
sideration of the bill, so that it might be disposed
of in some way.
Mr. ASHLEY objected. The bill had already
been deferred again and again. It had been made
the special order for to-day, in accordance with
the request of the Senator from Kentucky. He
had no desire, however, to take it up in the absence
of any gentleman who felt any interest in the
subject; although he must confess he was opposed
to deferring the consideration of the bill for the
period mentioned by his friend, the Senator from
Missouri. He hoped that it would be continued on
tike docket till to-morrow, and retain its priority.
Mr. SEVIER had but one remark to make.
The bill had been called up on the day before yes-
terday, and he then obtained the consent of his
colleague to postpone it another day, in order to
allow'him an opportunity of preparing an amend-
! ment, giving a judge to the court. When he was
prepared with his amendment, his colleague was
absent; and he did not press it. He was willing
that it should be postponed for a short time, till to-
morrow or next Ly, but he hoped that it wou)d
not be postponed indefinitely, or to a lemote pe-
riod. He believed that he had been assailed at
home, because he had not urged the measure. Cer-
tainly he had been ready at all times to support
the bill and did not wish to afford the slightest
ground for"the representation that he was at all un-
friendly to it. But he had been assailed because
he had not made speeches to get the bill taken up.
He wished it to be taken up, and was prepared to
