330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
row the existence and continuance of the war between this
country and Mexico.
We are notiusensible of the importance and responsibility
of appearing as petitioner before the constituted authorities
ofoiu country; but we are constrained, under a deep sense
of the unrighteousness and vast practical evils inseparably
connected with war, again earnestly to solicit your senous
attention to it.
While your memorialist? believe that all wars and fight-
ings are contrary to the precepts and spirit of the Gospel of
Christ, and are forbidden to Christians, they are aware that
ehcunistances sometimes attend the prosecution thereof
which may very much increase their calamities. How far
tfie war in which this country is now engaged with Mexico
partakes of such circumstances, it may not become us, in
thus memorializing you, to decide. But,'in addition to the
many thousands of Mexicans, among whom are great num-
bers of women and helpless children, who have fallen on
the field of battle, or in the captuie of cities, is the fearful
fact that the lives of thousands of our citizen? have also
been sacrificed in this strife, increasing in no small degree
the number of the widows and the fatheiless.
Nor can we but deplore the circumstance that our own
citizens now compose an invading army within the ac-
knowledged terntoiy of a neighboring nation, towards whom
this country has heretofore been on terms of amity and
peace. And >our memorialists would entreat you, as the
repiesentative* of this nation, calmly to take into your se-
rious consideration the responsibility of your present po-
sition.
And they earnestly desire, that m jour deliberations upon
this momentous subject.you may be due.'ted by that wisdom
winch has for its aim the domic unto other> as we would
they should do unto us, to adopt measures for the speedy
termination of this war; and that the retrospect of alter
days may afford to you the consolation of having discharged
your duty to yourselves, t*5> yojr country, and to your God.
Signed by direction and on behalf of a meeting of the
representatives aforesaid, held in Providence, Rhode Island,
the 4th day of the first month, 1348.
SAMUEL BOYCE, Clerk.
Mr. HENLEY then said, this was not the first
time since this war was begun that memorials of the
same character have been presented from the same
source. What did they ask for ? They ask this
Congress to feel sensible of the responsibility of
the position they occupy, and to take measures for
the speedy restoration of peace. When they come
forward and address us in such language, Mr. H.
understood them as charging us with not enter-
taining that due sense of the responsibility of our
position before the country which we ought to feel;
and, in making this charge, Mr. H. declared that
they charged a falsehood upon this Congress; espe-
cially was it a false charge with reference to that
particular party against which it was directed.
Air. H. averred that the Democratic party had
a true appreciation of the responsibility of their
position, and a sincere desire for peace; and this
intimation to the contrary was but a repetition of
the common political slang of the day, and that
was the charactcr of the entire memorial. He
had high respect for the Society of Friends; but
when they came here with language which was
in the mouths of every political demagogue and
agitator in the land, and calculated rather to retard
and postpone peace than to accelerate it, he could
not consent to print it. It was a slander, come
from what quarter it might, that the Administra-
tion or Democratic party ever desired war, if it
could be avoided, or that they did not now desire
peace at the earliest possible period, when it could
be made with honor.
He admitted that the people of the Society of
Friends deserved all that had been claimed for
them; that they were respectable and good citizens.
Many of them live in his own State and district;
many of them were his own relatives. His con-
nections, nearly all of them, happen to belong to
that class of people; and he knew, and they knew,
that they had been opposed to their country in
every contest of arms in which she has been en-
gaged—even in the holy contest of the Revolution
they stood against their country. They may have
been honest; but their fault has been, that they
have permitted their peculiar notions to override
their love of country and all their nobler impulses
of patriotism. This was their great fault. If they
would have the right to charge us with fault, he
would exercise the same right with respect to
Friends.
These memorialists were praying Congress for
peace. Not that we should negotiate a peace that
wouid redound to the national honor, but to make
peace at all hazards. They do not ask you to be
careful to maintain the integrity of the countrv's
name and character, but they ask you to make
peace unconditionally—-upon any terms. That
was what he understood by the memorial, and for
that additional reason he wouid not consent to
print. He respected the Society of Friends as a
people, but he had no respect for the position
which they had uniformly occupied before the
country, whenever the country has been engaged
in war.
Mr. H. had yet something further to say in rela-
tion to these people. Although they were all very
honest and conscientious, yet it might be made to
appear, that even on the subject of war, they were
not always altogether as conscientious as they
claim to be. It was within the knowledge of Mr.
H. that they had voted for military chieftains for
office, though they had formally professed to be-
lieve such a course dangerous and immoral; and
from this fact we had a right to infer that they
were not much more conscientious than other peo-
ple. He knew and admitted that all were liable to
error; but if you scrutinize closely the Quaker
character, it will be found to embrace a great many
of the frailties of human nature; and among them,
that of being inconsistent was not the least con-
spicuous. If they could vote for a military chief-,
tain to sustain the cause of Federalism, they could
as well support the war, if it were necessary to
support the policy of the Federal party. They
were not exempt from inconsistency in their con-
duct, and upon a close examination it would be
found that they had no more claims to conscien-
tiousness and honesty than their neighbors. He
knew that in the days of the Revolution there were
a few of them who joined in the contest; that in
the late war, and in the present, there were to be
found in that Society as true friends to the mainte-
nance of the honor and character of the country as
there were among any other class of people. To
none of these were his remarks intended to apply.
On the contrary, they had his thanks for this evi-
dence of their patriotism—soaring above sectarian
tenets.
Mr. PALFREY said that he understood the
gentleman from Indiana to say what he, (Mr. P.,)
as a new member, could not be expected to know,
that it was not customary to print memorials, ex-
cept memorials of States. But legal gentlemen
remembered the maxim as to law, manente ratione,
manet lex—(< the law lasts as long as the reason
lasts." This was, or ought to be, equally true of
the usages of the House. As long as petitions
were actually reported upon by the committees to
which they were referred, there might be less rea-
son for printing them, because then they became
known to the House and the country in another
way. "But, by various artifices, the right of Peti-
tion had become reduced almost to a nullity.' So
far had this process gone, that it was now very
difficult so much as to present a petition to the *
House, so as to bring the prayer of the petitioners .
to the knowledge of the members and the country, '
and all the trouble which, in consequence of the j
strong interest in its object, had been taken in pre- |
paring it, was thus absolutely thrown away. Pe- I
tition day ohly occurred once a fortnight; it fell on
the only day m the week on which the rules and
orders could be suspended; and the recent practice
had been to suspend the rules on that day, so as
to afford opportunity for President-making in one
or another form, or any other business which was
thought important enough to justify an exclusion
of the people from the right of presenting their
memorials to their servant? on this floor. Mr. P.
had had petitions on hand for more than six weeks,
from between three and four thousand ministers
and laymen of the Unitarian denomination, besides
others, which he had not been able yet to get an
opportunity to present. It was no answer to him
to say that, by another rule of the House, he could
hand his petitions at any time to the Clerk to go
to a committee. Suppose he wanted to refer a
memorial to a select committee: certainly the Chair
would not raise one without a vote of the House.
Besides, Mr. P. had only spoken a public secret
when he had said that there were pe.titions on sub-
jects very interesting to their signers and to the
country, which, as things now stood, were doomed
never to be heard of more, after they got into the
hands of the standing committees of this House.
The only chance for them to come before the
House and before the country was by being print-
ed. And this poor justice, at least, he should give
his vote to render to* the highly respectable signers
of the memorial now presented by his friend and
colleague.
Mr. HEXLEY rose to a question of order.
Mr. PALFREY hoped the gentleman would
not interrupt him. He did not interrupt the gen-
tleman from Indiana.
Mr. HENLEY said he would interrupt the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts. The pending ques~
tion was on the motion to print.
Mr. PALFREY said he was strictly in order.
The SPEAKER was also understood to decide
that the gentleman from Massachusetts was in
order in alluding to facts as illustrations of an ar-
gument.
Mr. PALFREY said he believed he could satisfy
the gentleman from Indiana himself that he was in
order in the remarks which he had made on the
question before the House. He maintained that
this memorial,"which came from the Conference of
Friends, ought to be printed, because in no other
way would it in the ordinary course of things come
before the House. When such memorials as that
which he held in his hand, and that presented by
his friend—memorials to which signatures were
obtained with so much pains, indicating great in-
terest in the subject—were presented to the con-
sideration of the House, if the House would not
allow the rules pertaining to matters of that kind
to be carried into effect—if they were to be buiied
in the hands of their standing committees, then he
said it was most material and important that the
House should print them, at least that through the
medium of the press these petitions might be
brought to the view of the House and of the peo-
ple at large. It was to say this that he had risen,
and the gentleman from Indiana would see that his
argument was pertinent. He should vote for the
motion to print.
Mr. HASKELL moved the previous question.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved to lay the mo-
tion to print the memorial on the table; which
motion to lay on the table was decided in the neg-
ative, as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Atkinson, Bedinger, Binsham, Birdsall,
Black, Bowdon, Bowlm, Boyd; William G. Brown, Charles
Brown, Albert G. Brown, Burt, Cathcart. Chase, Franklin
Claik, Beverly L. Clark,' Ilowell Cobb, Collins, Cummins,
Daniel, Dickinson, Edsall, Farari, Featherston, Fickhn,
Flournoy. Fries, French.Fulton, Goggin, Green, Hammons
Harris, Henley, Hill, Geoise S. Hou-ton, Jnse. Iverson,
Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George W. Jones,
Kaufman, Kennon, Lahin, La S6rc, Lefiler, Ligon. Lord,
Maclaj, McClelland, McClernand, McDowell. McKay, Mc-
Lane, Mann, Millei, Morris, Morse, NicoJI, Peck, Peyton,
Phelps, Preston, Richardson, Itichey, Bockhill, Sawyer,
Simpson, Sims, Smart, Robert Smith, Stanton,Starkweath-
er,Stephens Chaile* E Stuart, Thomas, Thurston, Turner,
YVliable, Wiley, and Woodward—81.
NAl'S—Messrs. Abbott. John Q.uiney Adams, Green
Adams, Ashmun. Bl.inchard, Botf«, Brady, Buekner. Canbj-,
Clmsman, Cocke, Collamer, Conger, Cran>ton, Cnsfield,
CVozicr, Dickey, Dixon, Donnefl, Duer, Daniel Duncan,
Garm-tt Duncan, Dunn, Eckert, Edwards, Embree, Alex-
ander Evans, Nathan Evans, Farrelly. Fisher, Gayle. Gtd-
din^s, Gott, Gregory. Gunneil, Hale, Nathan IC. Hall. Moses
H impton, Haskell, Henry, Eiias B. Holmes, John W.Hous-
ton, Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt, Joseph R. Tngersoll, Irvm,
John W.Jones, Daniel P. King, William T. Lawrence, Sid-
ney Lawrence, Levin, Lincoln, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Marvin,
Morehead, MulHn, Nelson, Nevvall, Outlaw, Palfrej, Pen-
dle'on, Petri e, Pollock, Putnam, Reynolds, Julius Rockwell,
John A.Rockwell, Roman, Root,Rumsey, St. John, Schenck,
Sheppard, Sherrill, Silvester, Siingerland, Caleb B. Smith,
Truman Smith, Andrew Stewart, Sfrohm, Tallmadge, Thi-
bodeaux, Taylor, Tompkins Richard W. Thompson. John B.
Thompson, William Thompson, Toombs, Van Djke, Vin-
ton. Warren, and Wilson—93.
The House refusing to lay.the motion to print
on the table—
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded, and under its operation the memorial was
ordered to be printed, by yeas and nays as follows:
YEAS—Mes$is. John Quincy Adams, Green Adams, Ash-
mun, Barrow, Blanchard, Botts, Brady, Buekner, Butler,
Canby, Chapman, Clapp, Chngman, Cocke, Collamer. Con-
ger, Cranston, Cnsfield, Crowell, Crozier, Dickey, l)i\on,
Donnell, Ducr, Daniel Duncan, Garnett Duncan, Dunn,
Eckert, Edwards, Embree, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans
Faircllv, Fisher. Gajle. Gentry, Giddmss, Gott, Giesory,
G'innell. Hale, Nathan K. Hall, Mosey Hampton. Ha-keil,
H<-nry, Ehas- B Holmes Hubbard, Hudson, Jrveph R In-
jieisoii, [rvin. Jenkin?, John W. Jon^s Dame! P, Kins, W.
T. Lawrence, S. Lavvience, Lincoln, Mcllvame, Mar-h,
^«ai\in. Mullm, Nehon, New,ill, Outlaw, Palfrey, Pendle-
ton. Pollock, Putnam, Reynolds Julius Rockwell. John A.
Rockwell, Roman, Root. Rumsey, St. John, Schenck, Shep-
perd, She'rill. Silvester', Shnjjeriand, Caleb fi. Smith, Tru-
man Smith, Andrew Stewart, Strohm, Talhmdarc, Thibo-
deaux, Taylor, Tompkins, It W. Thompson, John B.
Thompson, Wm. Thompson, Thurston,Toombs. Van Dvke,
Vinton, Warren, Wi-ntworth, White, and Wilson—98."
NAYS— VIes~r-j. Atkinson, Real'-, Beding^i, Binjrham,
Birdcall. Black, Booock, llowdon, Bowhn, Boyd, Wm. G.
Brown. Ohmle5* Brown, Burt, Cathcart, Chase, Franklin
Clark. Beverly L, Clark,' Howell Cobb, Collins, Curamm?,
Daniel, Dickinson, 'Edsall, Faran, Featherston. Fickhn,
Flournoy, Fries, French, Fulton, Gogj^in, Green, W. P. Hall,
Hairis, Henley, Hill, George S, Houston, Inge, Iverson ^An-
drew Johnson. Robeit W. Johnson,George W. Jones. Kauf-
man, Kennon, Lahi«i,LaS6re, Lefiler, Ligon._Lord.Lump-
kin, Maclav. McClelland, McCler and, McKay, McLane,
Mann,Miller, Morse,Nicoll, Peck, Putrie, Peyton, Phelp>,
Pillsbury, Preston, Richardson, Richey, Sawyer, Simpson,
