1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
331
Sims, Smart, Robert Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Ste-
phens, Charles E. Stuart, Thomas, Jame3 Thompson, Tur-
ner, VenabJe, Williams, Wiley, and Woodward--83.
So the memorial was ordered to be printed.
THE LOAN BILL AND THE WAR.
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Botts, of
Virginia, in the chair,) and proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill authorizing a loan not exceed-
ing $18,500,000.
Mr. MARSH, who was entitled to the floor from
yesterday, addressed the committee during his al-
lotted hour.
Mr. M. said that he proposed to avail himself
of this occasion to do what he had never before
attempted to do in this place, viz: express ins own
opinion and that which he believed tp be the opin-
ion of a large majority of his constituents, and,
as he hoped, of the whole American people, on
the causes, motives, objects, and dependencies of
the existing war with Mexico, and which would
induce him to vote against the further prosecu-
tion of hostilities, which, though avowealy com-
menced for defence, were obviously to be carried
on for the purposes of conquest. The advo-
cates of the war said, that it was now too late
to stop, and the only question to be settled was,
what means ought to be adopted to bring the war
to as speedy a termination as possible, and obtain
such a peace as should be honorable to us and just
to our adversaries. It would be, did a state of war
absolve us from all moral responsibilities to those
of the human family who happened to be our en-
emies? Mr. M. was one who never had been
able to see the distinction between public and pri-
vate morality, and who held that there was a broad
distinction between a war for the defence and main-
tenance of existing rights and a war for the suc-
cessful establishment of new claims.
In judging of the propriety of prosecuting any
war, it was material to inquire into the design and
purposes for which the war had been commenced;
otherwise, we could never know whether the war
had accomplished its end or not. In regard to
this war, it was unimportant to distinguish between
its primary cause and its immediate occasion. It
was now, he believed, pretty generally if not uni-
versally admitted, that the primary cause of our
war with Mexico was the annexation of Texas;
the proximate cause was certainly the advance
of the United States army to the banks of the
Rio Grande; but it did not therefore follow that
the war was a necessary consequence. This
Cabinet might be responsible for the actual exist-
ence of the war, though its predecessor might have
produced that state of things out of which it had
grown. If the Administration had been guilty of
precipitating this dire calamity upon the country,
or if (hey should now refuse the terms of peace
which were generally understood to have been of-
fered by Mexico, they were responsible before
God and man for all their acts or neglects in rela-
tion to the whole subject.
After the fatal wound we had inflicted on the
national honor and independence of Mexico, by
the absorption of a revolted province, which she
still claimed as an integral part of her empire, Mr.
M. would not say that it had ever been possible to
avoid a war; but, as had been well shown by his
friend from Connecticut, (understood to refer to
Mr. Dixon,) the Administration never hadboiwfide
endeavored to avoid ft by soothing the wounded
feelings of Mexico, or doing anything to conciliate:
until this were tried, they had no right to presume,
beforehand, that she would refuse all conciliation.
She had at any rate committed no hostile acts; the*
casus belli had not occurred when the present war
was provoked and commenced by us. He would
not say that the Administration had wantonly
plunged the country into this contest, with a full
knowledge beforehand of its character and results;
but this much he would say, that he had no doubt
the President had ordered the advance of our
troops under the hope that he might thereby goad
Mexico into some hostile act, that would serve as
a plausible reason for a large increase of the army
and navy, and a proportionate augmentation of
Executive patronage; and that he calculated at the
cost of a small war to extort from Mexico her fair-
est provinces, thereby placing President Polk by
the side of President Tyler, on the bad eminence
of those who undertook to bccome the " enlargers
of the area of freedom."
But, besides all this, the Executive resolved on
taking steps to get the Californias. The surrender
of Oregon had been predetermined, and it became
necessary to propitiate the irritated feelings of the
West, indignant as that high-spirited people would
certainly be at the loss of what they all had been
taught was their " unquestionable'' right. A war
with Mexico presented itself as the readiest and
most likely method to effect this object, by open-
ing to Western enterprise new regions in the South,
in place of those which it was deemed the part of
discretion to surrender to the demand of Great
Britain.
Mr. M. said he could noj regard this war but as
a national offence. It was against the spirit of the
times. It was a retrograde step in the onward
progress of civilization and humanity. It was a
misuse, a total perversion of our rich resources, a
misdirection of our aims. The cultivation of the
arts of peace, of reproduction, of multiplication,
of creation, were now recognized on all hands as
best suited to the genius and enterprising spirit of
our people. To cultivate war, in preference, was
an inversion of statesmanship unworthy of the nine-
teenth century, and against the precepts of Chris-
tianity. It called a great civilized and Christian
nation to turn the ploughshare, into the sword.
 The policy of this people was to increase by
natural growth and by accretion, not to spread by
acquisition and conquest. The very publicity that
necessarily attended the operations of a republican
government was utterly opposed to the policy of
an acquisitive war, which must have been planned
in darkness. But it was not a thing to be won-
deied at that an Administration which was in di-
rect hostility to the encouragement of the useful
arts and the protection of domestic industry should
seek to divert public attention from its selfish and
ambitious policy by holding up the tinsel of mili-
tary glory, and waving before the gaze of tiie
people the false and meretricious splendor of for-
eign conquest, and thus finding out a new and
guilty employment for hands which its own course
had taken from the industrial occupations and pur-
suits of private life. An effort had been made to
hide the turpitude of this war of aggression by ex-
aggerating the wrongs we had experienced from
the Mexicans, and the glory to be acquired by vic-
tory over them. The South were told that the
success of the contest would provide ample space
for the spread and the confirmed establishment
of slavery, and effectually dissipate the "delusive
hope with which Mr. Walker's letter had cheated
the Democracy of the JNorth; while, at the same
time, the North was encouraged by the hope that
the Wilmot proviso would be grafted on some of
the war bills, and would theieby practically pre-
vent the further extension of slavery. Those who
had clothed two nations m scarlet,and dipped then-
hands in the blood of each other, hoped to blind i
the eyes of the people of this country by ria/zlmg
them with the prospect of admitting the iCust India
trade into the ports of California.
Mr. M. said he was not the apologist of Mexi-
co. He entertained no admiration for her charac-
ter, nor was he disposed to deny that she had done
us great wrong; and none could hope less than he
did from a country under the double burden of
the despotism of soldiery and the despotism of
priests. The Mexicans were, technically, the en-
emies of his country, and he wished for them no
trophies erected at our expense. But, on the other
hand, he had no sympathy with men who would
visit the sins of aspiring and cruel leaders on the
poor degraded beings who were but the passive
instruments of their tyranny and hell-born ambi-
tion; who scorned the civic victories of peace, and
had clmplets to bestow only on the bold and reck- '
less soldier. Mr. M. had no wish to see Mexican '
j women converted into widows, and their cities j
I given to*the flames. Pie had rather hia country '
| would sit down in honest shame than enjoy the j
i| guilty glory of having, by lawless violence, spread ;
her dominion over this entire continent. One :
!i murder made a villain, a thousand made a hero: '
but the statesman, who sat coolly down in the ;
seclusion of his closet, and planned a war of partv !
ambition, and the hot-headed ruler whose orders I
bathed a land in blood, were but wholesale man- j
slayers, whom no amount of carnage and destruc- I
tion could ever convert into heroes. Bonaparte, :
the greatest captain the world had seen, turned ■
pale, and wept, and trembled, on discovering, that '
by an order rashly given to gratify a woman with
the sight of a battle-field, he had shortened, though '
but for a few days, tlft lives of many of his faithful
soldiers; but what compunctious visitirlgsj what
gracious drops of generous repentance, had- this
Administration ever exhibited at the Sweeping
slaughter in the streets of Monterey, the crushing
of women and children in the bombardment of
Vera Cruz, at the pestilence of the camp^ sweep-
ing thousands into an inglorious grave, dr even at
the tears and mourning that were to be witnessed
in the highways of this metropolis?
But, while discussing the question of morals
involved in the prosecution of this war, it would
be well to inquire into the origin, the causa causa-
rum, which was to be found in the annexation of
Texas.
Perhaps the bare act of annexation itself, apart
from the motives which led to it, and the means
by which it was effected, might not warrant a
declaration of war on the part of Mexico. To de-
termine this point, it was requisite that we should
know more than w,ould, in all probability, be ever
known by the present generation, touching the
relations of Mexico to her revolted province. It
might be urged that Texas was at the timeactually
independent; and it was possible, though the fact
had never yet been proved, that her revolt from
under the Mexican authority was justified by her
misrule and oppression; but our ground of judg-
ment must have respect to the motives ana the
means whic.h produced her annexation to this
Union. The motive, the avowed motive, was to
prevent the abolition of slavery in Texas, and to
get more space for extending and strengthening
that institution. The annexation was held to be
necessary to the security of the slaveholder; it was
indispensable, in order to the securing of his rights
as guarantied by the Constitution; and the infer-
ence drawn from these premises was, that there-
fore the General Government was bound to aid in
the project. It was true that a timid suggestion
had been added as to the probable loss of a great
market for northern manufactures; and a humbug
was gotten up about Texas being necessary to the
Union, as a means of strengthening the defences
of an exposed frontier; and^ as a make-weight,
there had been thrown in an apprehension of the
power of- British influences which would be ex-
erted there, should annexation not be effected; but
he passed all these considerations, because, though
they might possibly be successful in gulling such
persons as had been simple enou'gh to give ere*-
dence to the Kane letter, assuring them that Mr.
Polk was a great friend to protecting domestic in-
dustry, yet it was perfectly notorious that they
never had availed to influence a single vote in Con-
gress. Congress had had before it the naked
question, as a southern question—as the question
of slavery. The question before them had been,
whether this General Government was or was not
called upon to support and strengthen that institu-
tion, by giving it space for a greater extension?
Up to that time, it had always been contended by
the South, and generally admitted by the North,
that, the General Government had no jurisdiction
ns to slavery; but, as had been well said by an-
other, in their over-heated zeal, the friends of an-
nexation conceded a principle which the abolition
ists had not been slow to take advantage of, viz":
that Congress had the right of legislation on a sub-
ject which had hitherto been confined exclusively
to the legislative power of the States.
Mr. M. said he should not now undertake to
discuss the subject of slavery cither as a Christian
or an unchristian institution. He had formed an
opinion on that subject which remained unchanged,
in spite of the theological argument which had
been made on this floor, and the proofs in its favor
which had then been adduced from holy writ, and
which, if certain indications and intimations were
worthy of confidence, were soon to be repeated
a?ain in that House; but it was of the highest im-
portance to remember, and the fact ought never to
be forgotten, that the leading motive of those in
authority in getting up this war with Mexico was
the perpetuation of slavery.
However wrong the motive of the war might
have been, there was yet more of
means used in bringing it to pass. Whoever
wished to read the blackest page in American his-
tory should ferret out the secret intrigues, the hid-
den unacknowledged plans and insidious deceptive
efforts to excite the nation and get it up to the war
pitch, in order to use that powerful feeling to effect
certain predetermined party objects. He ought to
