382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
dive into the recesses of theft Machiavelian policy
which held out different baits to different portions
of the country; that, by combining the action of
many discordant elements and applying it m one
direction> an nexation might be accomplished in spite
of the North. He should watch and see how that
contemptible faction long continued to swing back-
ward and forward between the remonstrances of
conscience and party interest, till they were at last
fixed by means which proved irresistible. He
should take pains to learn what votes had been
dictated by craven fear, and what by damnable
corruption. *
. But the conduct of those who had been the most
unscrupulous in plotting to effect annexation was
less enormous in atrocity than that of their north-
ern allies, who had excused their votes for annex-
ation under the salvo of the " Wihnot proviso," or
the "Brmkerhoff proviso,5' according to others.
I''they chose to go to loggerheads with each other
about the name, let them do so, and keep at it as
long as they liked. Mr. M. was willing to vote in
support of that war. Whether it was the Brinker-
hoff or the Wilmot proviso, it was the boldest
experiment that ever had been tried on the credu-
lity of the American people; but now that that
humbug had utterly failed to accomplish either of
the objects for which it was gotten up, he should |
not be surprised if those who had been the loudest J
and most clamorous in its favor should prove to j
be the very first to listen to the voice of tempta-
tion from high places.
He knew that there were some Democrats who !
had voted for that measure, who were men of j
honor and integrity, and had been actuated by an j
honest regard for the good of the people; but others j
had been tempted to concur in the measure as a :
means of testifying the regret they felt at having !
voted for annexation. But the great mass were of j
a far different description. Some were actuated by j
a propelling force operating at home; others for i
the sake of disposing of an obnoxious western i
candidate for the Presidency, who had committed j
himself by a vote in the Senate, while their north-
ern candidate lay snugly perdu, and escaped the i
responsibility. If the same western gentleman j
should be a candidate, his noisiest advocates would .
find—[but what it was they would find the reporter J
failed to hear.] In March, that proviso had been '
defeated by five votes, after having been previously '
earned by nine. The Administration succeeded j
in its defeat by using only five votes; had more '
been necessary, they could have had fifty. [Voices: ;
"That is a fact."] But because an election was
approaching in New Hampshire, and another in
Connecticut, and something else was coming on in
Maine, a dispensation was granted tor this one
time to northern friends of the Administration, and
they were allowed as an act of grace to vote for
the proviso, for this time.
Mr. M. said he was not very well acquainted
with the present feelings of southern gentlemen on
the subject of annexation, buthe believed that they
betran to discover that it was not quite that El Do- j
rado they had imagined; that it had involved us in ;
a war, and had had the effect of exciting among
our people a lust of land that had led and was ;
sull uigin^ us on to the commission of all sorts of j
enmes. In the North, it had raised a tempest '
before which the Administration began to quail;
and even some clear-headed men in the South ji
itself began to doubt the wisdom of the step they I!
had taken, and were fain to be content to veil the '
effulgence of the " lone star," by accomplishing a I
peace with Mexico. i,
The only remedy for the evils we endure was i'
a just and honorable peace. But what was an hon-
orabie peace ? No peace could be honorable to us, I j
that was not at the same time honorable to Mexi-
co. There was no honor for the strongest party
in a contest in bringing it to an end, unless he had
regard to the honor of the weaker party also. It
was paid Mexico was largely indebted to us, and
we must insist upon full payment of the demand.
Was Mexico indebted to us for secretly fomenting
rebellion in one of her provinces? Did she owe ji
us for our taking forcible possession of territory jl
she claimcd as hers, and which our own Senate ||
had solemnly voted to be hers ? Did she owe us for j j
slaughtering her unoffending citizens; for the cap- !■
ture of tiie castle of San Juan de U!ua; for the l|
bombardment of Vera Cruz; for the capture of her j|
ancient capital, or for the disgrace and dispersion 1
of her Government? What, in fact, did she owe "
us but the debts due to our private citizens for
depredations committed on their property ? And
who could doubt that these she was willing and
anxious to pay?
But, on the other hand, had it never been de-
clared here that we owed Mexico for the loss of
her province of Texas ? Nay, had no intimation
been made to Mexico herself to that effect? Who
was prepared, who was able to strike the balance,
and to show the amount due from us? Our citi-
zens claimed some three millions for indemnities;
could any one show that the compensation we
owed Mexico was not twice or three times three
millions?
Gentlemen repudiated all idea of acquisition of
territory by conquest. All they asked was, that
we should get California and New Mexico as an
indemnity to the United States for the charges of
this war. Mr. M. insisted there was no excuse
' for tfie war on the plea of indemnity. 'Texas alone
j was indemnity enough. That alone was more than
! enough. A compulsory treaty to pay us for the
; war would be dishonorable to Mexico, and doubly
dishonorable to ourselves. And the President and
; the Administration were now ready to buy what
I before was to have been obtained by conquest.
; It ought never to be forgotten that the strength
! of a nation was not measured by the strength of
! her army or navy, or by the splendor of its gov-
ernment. A splendid government was not the
; object in the view of our fathers when they framed
1 the Constitution. Would any gentleman main*
! tain that the little Republic of San Marino was less
j happy than the great States of Europe, or that the
■ Duchv of Tuscany was less happily administered
I than if it were under the splendid sceptre of Met-
i ternich? Did genriemen forget that the quiet, un-
! pretending Norway was at this day the freest
; country in Europe? It was not military strength
! which enabled a country to resist the invasion of
I their liberties. Great fleets and armies, on the
i contrary, were themselves means of Executive pa-
tronage. They were a concentrated embodiment
| of Executive power, while the resistance of that
] power was enfeebled from its being scattered. In
1 small republics the distribution of power among
. different departments tended to the preservation of
liberty: hut in large republics the reverse was
true. The States had no fleets, no regular armies;
and though the militia, even of one State, might
defy the armies of the Federal Government to
arms, yet those armies might nevertheless enable
an ambitious and unprincipled President to subvert
the liberty of his country. So it had happened in
the case of Rome; the legions which had been
raised for the protection of the frontier had fixed a
i Dictator on the throne. And so it seemed not im-
■ possible it should happen again. What had we
j lately seen ? The legions of Pennsylvania had voted
l in Mexico. The ballot-box was carried with them
; as a piece of camp furniture, and a military com-
1 mander issued his order for the holding of an elec-
I tion for civil officers S
t "When a country possessed a genial soil and
. climate, capable of sustaining human life by mod-
erate industry, and of furnishing the materials of a
: profitable commerce, and ofsupplyingitspopulation
! with ample means of resisting invasion from with-
' out, and when its position as a nation was recog-
; nized and respected by the family of nations around
' it, that nation was in possession of all the condi-
tions of national prosperity. To it nothing eould
be gained by a war for territory. Now, the United
States had reached this point long ago. He was
of opinion that our original limits were amply .suf-
ficient to secure to us all these advantages. And
he often felt inclined to doubt whether it had not
been^ better for us had we remained to this day
within those limits. Our territory was then equal
to the kingdom of most European monarchs;it was
inviolable by any foreign Power; it supplied us
with a vast and growing commerce: what more
did we need? Mr. M. would not dispute the wis-
dom of acquiring Florida and Eastern Louisiana,
because that seemed to be needful to furnish a de-
pot for western commerce: but he did not see
how our condition could be improved now by any
new acquisitions. He could not perceive how the
value of southern land would be increased, or the
price of Genesee fiour raised, by our getting New
Mexico; or how the merchants of Boston, and
New York, and Philadelphia, and Baltimore, and
Charleston, would be enriched by "having the seat
of the China trade transferred to the bay of San
Francisco. We surely needed no more land than
we now had, either for population, commerce, or
defence; and he was not willing'to wage a guilty
war for the benefit of posterity.
Mr. M. confessed, moreover, that he was a good
deal skeptical its to the very florid descriptions
which were given us of the regions of California
and Oregon: but if they were all that some repre-
sented them to be in fertility of soil and natural
advantages of every kind, they woifld soon become
able to set up an independent government for them-
selves. Those countries were rapidly filling up
by a population from the midst of ourselves: they
would naturally sympathize with our forms of
government: but there could be no common inter-
est between them and us; and the time must soon
come when the temporary bonds which might unite
them to this Republic must be seveied. And way
K worth all the blood and treasure of this war to
obtain such an acquisition as that? But, even
should the acquisition of territory be permanent,
where was the proof that it would be of any ad-
vantage to us? The advantage was not to be found .
in their natural productions: for all admitted that
they would not sustain a dense population: they
wete adapted only for the residence of a people in
the lowest stage of civilization, in the semi-barbar-
ous or pastoral stage. The population was mixed,
heterogeneous, and different from us in Fanguage,
laws, religion, and customs. The experience of
years Bad proved that they -were unable to govern
themselves: they were too ignorant to appreciate
the value and blessings of free government, or to
sustain it even when it should be set up among
them.
But how was this war to be carried on ? Did
the Administration really presume that the North
would be weak enough to bear the expenses of a
war undertaken and prosecuted exclusively to pro-
mote the interests of the South? The annexation
of Texas, by bringing two new votes into the Sen-
ate, had enabled the South to depreciate the indus-
try of the North, and deprive it of the national pro-
tection; and now the same political aspirants, after
having done this, and plunged the country in a
war, called upon the North to pay the expenses of
the whole movement. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury proposed to tax tea and coffee; others proposed
to tax all the articles on the free list; others to tax
bank stock and gold and silver vessels. Disguise
the scheme as they might, it was all intended to
shift the burden of this war, undertaken for south-
ern interests, upon the shoulders of the North.
Would southern gentlemen tell him what amount
of bank stock was owned by the three or four mil-
lions of our southern slaves? What amount of
costly jewelry adorned their persons or their dress ?
Or what golden goblets or silver plate were usually
employed by them at their meals ?
Mr. M. here warned these gentlemen that none
of these schemes to tax one part of the country to
pay for a war to benefit the other part of it would
ever succeed. Those who commenced and were
desirous of protracting the war ought to bear its
burdens, and would have to bear them.
It had been very flatteringly said here that the
people were too patriotic to refuse taxation for the
support of the war. Well, and if they were, were
gentlemen here ready to tax them according to the
provisions and original intent of the Constitution—
that was, in proportion to representation ? If any
noithern man should vote to tax the slaves who
,were-represented on that floor, what southern man
would vote for the bill ? It had been said by a gen-
tleman here that no direct taxation would be needed.
Mr. M. was not of that opinion. We never should
get at a knowledge of the whole expenses of this
war; but looking at the various sources of expend-
iture while the war continued, and at the Ions; train
of claims that would follow it, it would be found
that the estimate made by a distinguished gentle-
man at the other end of the Capitol was not an
extravagant one.
The population of Mexico at this time was three
times in amount what ours had been at the Revo-
lution; nor were they divided, as we had been, by *
doubts as to the soundness of our cause; not a
doubt was felt in any breast, but they were all
united as one man in the defence of their country
and their religion. Now, if Great Britain, after
an eight years' contest, was content to withdraw
her fleets and armies, and sacrifice every point for
which she had gone to war with us, at what ex-
pense should we in the end'be willing to withdraw
