1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
335
Nueces and the Rio Grande was neutral territory.
How came it to'be so? You tell me it was terri-
tory in dispute, Who made it so ? Mexico cer-
"tainly never did. She claimed, I repeat, all of
Texas, and scorned to speak of anything short of
a recovery of the whole province. But admitting
(which can only be done for the sake of argument)
that the territory was in dispute—had we not as
much right to be on it as Mexico? And if we
went there and occupied it first, might Mexico
come with force of arms and drivo us away?
Does not common sense revolt at the idea-, of the
right of one party to drive another by force, from
the occupancy of an estate to which each have an
equal claim?
But gentlemen tell us the question of boundary
ought to have been settled by negotiation; and I
agree with them perfectly. It ought to have been
so adjusted. The gentleman from "Vermont [Mr.
Marsh] says the President never intended or de-
sired to settle the dispute without a war. Pie
longed for a little more patronage, a few more
offices, with which to sate the cormorant appetites
of his hungry expectants. A most unworthy
charge, as ridiculous in its conception as it is un-
true in fact. That the President did desire to
settle this and all other matters of difference with
Mexico, "let facts be submitted to a candid
world." Afterall the demonstrations which Mex-
ico had made from time to time, the President
contented himself with sending a small army to
the frontiers of Texas, and took the earliest op-
portunity of assuring- Mexico that the army was
sent with no hostile intentions; and these assur- j
ances were from time to time repeated in the most
positive and emphatic form. When sufficient j
time had elapsed for passion to subside and reason 1
to resume her dominion in Mexico, the President, |
advancing with the most cautious steps, directed a !
communication to be written to our consul in Mex- j
ico, (the minister having been sent home,) in- {
structing him to ascertain if Mexico would re- |
ceive "an envoy intrusted with full powers to i
adjust ait- questions in dispute between the two j
countries." This despatch of Mr. Buchanan I
bears date September 17, 1845; and on the 17th of
October following, (only one month,) Mr. Consul
Black encloses the answer of Mr. Pena y Pena,
Mexican Minister of Foreign Affairs, stating that
Mexico would receivc "the commissioner who
may come with full power to settle the matter m
dispute," &o. Now gentlemen rise in their places
ana tell us that the President intentionally picked
a quarrel with Mexico; that Mexico agreed to re-
ceive a commissioner, and the President sent them
tin envoy. For once, 1 give them the credit of
following the enemies of their country. Mexico
'herself first made (his point. The published doc-
uments (Doc. I9fj, 11. K., 2Dth Con^., 1st sess,,
Executive) show that the (Jmted States offered to
send "an envoy," and Mexico agreed to receive
"thb commissioner-," not a commissioner, but
the commissioner; meaning evidently to imply,
that the envoy, the minister, the commissioner, the
diplomatic agent of the United States, "charged
with a settlement of all questions in dispute be-
tween the two countries," would be received in
whatever name or style he presented his creden-
tials. And so Mr. Buchanan understood it; so j
the President understood it; so Mr. Consul Black
understood it, for, on the 28th of October, we
find him writing to the Societal y of State that " the
Mexican Government is veiy anxious to know
when they may expect the envoy." What plaus-
ible pretext is theie that Mexico expected a com-
missioner? She expected and had agreed to re-
ceive the diplomatic agent which our Government
had proposed to send. This is manifest from the ,
whole correspondence. Paredes threatened to over-
throw the weak or treacherous government of
Hcrrcia; and, by way of sustaining his tottering
fortunes, his Secretary was doubtless directed to
make the best possible showing against the re-
ception of Mr. Slidell, who, it is known, had pro-
ceeded to Mexico with extraordinary despatch,
and presented his credentials as Envoy Extraordi-
nary and Minister Plenipotentiary, on the 8th day
of December; and on the 17th of the same month
he reports lun rejection to the State Department at
home. I need not recapitulate the reasons assigned
for ihis extraordinary conduct on the part of Mex-
ico: they were as puerile as they were absurd and
contradictory. Tt was here stated, for the first
time, that Mexico had agreed to receive a com-
missioner, and that the appointment of an envoy
was not in accordance with the agreement; that
Mexico only contemplated negotiations on the sub-
ject of Texas, and that the powers of Mr. Slidcll,
as Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipoten-
tiary, were not sufficient. Did stupidity ever sink
to lower- depths, or barefaced impudence assume a
bolder front? A commissioner is desired, to treat
on a single subject, and an envoy extraordinary,
"with power to treat on all questions," rejected
because his powers are not sufficient! This is the
manner in which the President's sincere overtures
were treated—the, credentials of his envoy, ad-
dressed to his " great and good friend and con-
veying marked assurances of his "desire to restore,
cultivate, and strengthen friendship and good cor-
respondence," scornfully thrust aside, and the en-
voy rejected. Mr. Slidell remained in the country,
still seeking that " friendship and good correspond-
ence" which was the object of his mission, until
the revolution m favor of Paredes was complete;
and on the 1st of March, 1846, he presented his
credentials to the revolutionary President of revo-
lutionary Mexico; and on the 12th of the same
month, our minister was again rejected by Pa-
redes's government, and he informed that Mcxico
had from the first regarded annexation as a cause
of war, (casus belli.) Thus fruitlessly terminated
this sincere attempt at negotiations—sincere on our
part, as every circumstance attests; hypocritical
on the part of Mexico, as her official despatches
fully prove. I beg to remark again, that up to this
date, (January 12,1846,) Mexico regarded annexa-
tion as a cause of war. We hear nothing from her
about the neutral territory, or the disputed teirito-
ry, between the Nueces and the Rio Grande.
Now, Mr. Chairman, let us return, and examine
events as they transpired nearer home. On the 28th
of May, 1845, General Taylor was ordered with
hid forces to "a position where they could promptly
and efficiently act in defence of Texas." On the
15th June, Mr. Bancroft, Secretary of War ad
interim, ordered him to a position on or near the
Rio Grande, This order was modified in several
successive orders from Secretary Marcy. And on
the 15th of August, 1845, the General dates his
official despatch, Corpus Christi, Texas. Here he
remained until the 11th of March, 1846. Much
stress has been laid on Mr. Bancroft's order of the
25th May, 1845. Now, I have simply to ask, if
that order had not been recalled, how did it hap-
pen that General Taylor did not " take up a posi-
tion on the Rio Grande?" Why do we find him
at Corpus Christi fjom August 15, 1845, to March
12, 184li? There can be but one answer: The
order to advnncc had been revoked. It was done
on the 3()th of June, one month and two days after
it was issued, and before General Taylor had yet
readied Texas. On the 4th of October, 1845, Lhe
General writes to the War Office from Corpus
Clnisti, Ti:xAs;and from this important despatch
I read—
ki It is with s*roat deference that I make any suggestions
on subjects winch maj become nmlteis oi delicate negotia-
tion; but it our Government, in settling the question ot
boundary, makes the line of the Rio Grande an ultimatum,
I cannot doubt that the settlement will be greatly facili-
tated and hastened by our taking possession at once of
one or two suitable points on or quite near that river. Our
strength and state of preparation should be displayed in a
ma.nnku. not to uii mistakkn. However salutary may be
the eil'i et pioduced on the border people by our ptesence
here, we nie too kar from the kron'uf.r to nnpie s the
Go\ eminent of M(aico with otir readiness to vind cute, by
force of icrms, if neoos^ai v, our title to the country as- I.ir as
the Rio (handcS1
I have introduced this extract for more purposes
than one. The first of these is, to show that Gen-
eral Taylor knew that Mr. Bancroft's order to
march to the Ilio Grande had been revoked; for he
here suggests that he be allowed to take one or
two positions on the Rio Grande. Then I wish
to exhibit the cogent reasoning in favor of such a
position. First, that it would "facilitate and hast-
en a settlement of the boundary;" then it would
" display, in an imposing manner, our strength
and state of preparation to the enemy. " And,
lastly, that it would "impress the Mexican Gov-
ernment with a due sense of our readiness to vin-
dicate, by force of arms, if necessary, our title to
the country to the Rio Grande." These were
the cogent, and, to my mind, conclusive reasons
of the honest-hearted, patriotic, and brave old
General for advising his Government to allow
him (t to take one or two positions, at once, on or
near the Rio Grande." His position at Corpus
Christi was, he* said, " too farfroin.tke frontier."
The gentlemen in the opposition nqw pretend that
Corpus Christi is beyond the Texas line; but the
General thought it was too farfrom ihs frontier, and
asked permission to make a display of his strength
and state of preparation on or near the Rio Grande.
With what justice do gentlemen pretend that Gen-
eral Taylor was weak and without arms, unpre-
Eared for battle, when he declares his wish to ex-
ibit," in a manner not to be mistaken, his strength
and state of preparation?"—with what propriety
charge that the order to march to the Rio Grande
precipitated us into an " unnecessary and uncon-
stitutional war," when the general in command
advised it as a means of " greatly facilitating and
hastening a settlement of the controversy?" But,
say gentlemen, the opinions of General Taylor
were hypothetical: " If our Government intend
to make the Rio Grande an ultimatum in settling
the boundary" then he gave his opinions. And
even these hypothetical opinions-were subsequently
modified, we are told. I grant the opinions were
based on the hypothesis that we intended to insist
on the Rio Grande; and, I ask, if there is a single
member of this House who ever dreamed that our
i Government would insist on less than the Rio
Grande? I venture to say there is not one. The
hypothesis, then, amounts to nothing. How far
was this discreet, sensible and patriotic advice of
the old chief subsequently modihed, No injustice
shall be done to General Taylor with my consent,
for mere party purposes. He uses his pen as he
does his sword, for his country, and not for a
party. Under date November 7, 1845, Corpus
Christ?? Texas, he writes to the War Depart-
ment:" .
"The position now occupied by the troops may perhaps
be the best while negoti *tions are vending, or atany late,
until a disposition shall be manifested by Mexico to protract
l/tew unreasonably
Here again he imparts sound and sensible ad-
vice to his country; and the Administration, with
that deference to the superior military judgment of
the General, which it has always exhibited, acted
on this advice. For we see that, advised as he
was by General Taylor on the 4th of October, at
once to take one or,two positions on or near the
Rio Grande, the order to advance was not issued
| by the President until the 13th of January, 1846;
[and .why? Because negotiations were pending; and
the President thought, with General Taylor, that
the position of the army at Corpus Christi was the
best that could be occupied " pending negotiations."
What had happened on the 13th of January? Mr.
Slidcll was not on that day wending his way (as a
great man has erroneously stated) to Mexico with
his diplomatic credentials in his pocket. lie had
I! reached Mcxico, (I speak from the record,) pie-
jl sen ted his credentials on the 8th of December,
lj 1845, and on the 17th of the same month reported
hisjYjec/ioji to his Government. This despatch was
received at the State Department on the 12th of
January; diplomacy had failed, negotiations were
no longer pending, and General Taylor's advice
given on the 4th of October, and modified on the
7th of November, 1845, was now inall its bearings
fully carried out. The order to advance, and " at
once take one or two positions on or near the Rio
Grande," was issued on the 13th of January, 1846.
If any are disposed to censure the President for
permitting the important, despatch of October 4th
to remain unanswered until the 13th of January,
let them bear in mind that negotiations were pend-
ing, and that the character of this Government's
response, must of necessity have depended on the
result of these negotiations.
Now, let us follow General Taylor in his march.
He is approaching the frontitis of Texas. He
moved the last column of his army from Corpus
Christi on the 11th of March, and on the 12th,
Mr. Slidell was, a last time, rejected by the Pare-
des's government in Mexico. On the 4th of Feb-
ruary, the. general writes to his Government, that^
" our advance to the Rio Grande will have a pow-"
erful effect." His march was unmolested until
. he reached the Arroyo Colorada. Here the " tr-
■ regular Mexican cavalry," (rancheros,) or, in
i plain English, mountain robbers, opposed his
j crossing the river. The old general announced
! his determination to advance, and pointed signifi-
! cantly at his big guns; whereupon the " irregular
I Mexican cavalry" retired. The next we hear of
| him he is at Point Isabel, and here waited on by a
I Mexican deputation, sent by the prefect of Mate-
