THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1848.
Nrw Series No. 22.
When there was a call of the House, after those
present were called, the Clerk called the absentees,
and all such as had entered the Hall were then
recorded as present.
The CHAIRMAN explained the difference be-
tween the present position of the House and that
of a call. No gentleman could have his name now
recorded who was not present when his name was
called.
Mr. JONES reiterated his argument.
Mr. STEPHENS-rose to a question of order.
Mr. JONES said that v/as what he was going to
make. His question of order was, that a member
presenting himself before the result of the call was
announced had the right to have his name record-
ed, otherwise he would be reported as absent when
he was present.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point raised.
Mr. JONES appealed from that decision.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, contended that it was
not competent for the Chair to entertain the appeal.
The Committee, under the rule, must rise, and the
names of the absentees be reported to the House.
Mr. JONES said he had no feeling in the mat-
ter. He had no objection to the fact going to his
constituents; but he did not think it right that any
member should be reported to the world as absent
when he was here ready to do his duty.
The CHAIRMAN again apprized the gentle-
man from Tennessee that the rule was imperative.
Mr. JONES desired but to say one word.
The CHAIRMAN called the gentleman to
order.
After some other observations, the committee
rose, and the Chairman reported the facts and the
absentees to the House.
The House then adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred :
By Mr. CONGER: Of 319 adult ladies Qf Sprtngport?
Cayuga county, Now York, prajmg Congress and the Exec-
utive to take the necessaiy Bteps for tmcmatfig an imme-
duito and permanent peace with Mexico by withdrawing the
troops of UiiiS nation from her territory, restoring to her
po^ession the proviuccp which vvc now occupy, olfming thu
amplest atonement in oui power for all wrongs which may
have been indicted by u-s and appointing eommis-iioneiN
empowered to adjust questions in dispute between tinwe
Iwd xi-tor AKo, ii like pcmioii ol W male oiti-
of tli<! fame phiee. Also, the petition o( .'17 citizens of
('nitl,unit county, iVew York, lot the .ihohnou of shiveivin 1
the I)Mrii t of Culunilii.i and tJio Toiutoiies. Albo, the !
petition ol ;H oitr/.en-j oi Cot tlandt county. New York, asking !
that Congress would examine the positions theiein s>tate<| ni j
rogml to the validity and constitutionality of slaveiy in tlio
Stntos, and ttceure the ittfht of the w ut of habeas corpus to
all such persons as are illegally held as slaves.
By Mr. DURR: The remonstrance of U. F. Cook & Co.
the renewal of O. C. Hams'* patent for a paint
mill.
By Mr. STUART, of Michigan: The petition of D. Plimp-
ton and others, lot the reduction of postage on newapapeis.
By Mi. HALL, of New York: The joint resolutions of
the rfenato and A^enibly of the State of New Yoi k, instiuet-
ing the Senators and requesting the Representatives fiom
that tale to iw then be>t ^ndeavor^ to in-ait in every aet oi
ordinance e^tubln-hing ten itoual or provisional governments
in New Mexico and the Culiloinia^ a piovn ion and guaran-
tee prohibiting slavery orinvoluutuy servitude except ;i& a
punishment tor oume. AKo, the petition and papers of
James Sloan, of Erie comity, iVew \'oi k, piaving lor prize-
tnotieyas one ot the captors of the bugs Caledonia and
Adam-", near fori Hrie, in the wai of 1812.
By Mr. SMITH-, of Illinois: The petition of Samuel
Moore and GO other citizens of St. Clair county, Illinois,
pr.i.vm? a induction of postage on juvenile nevvspapeis ot
small dimensions.
By Mr. MOUSE, of Louisiana: The petition of R. C. Stock-
ion, tutor ot the minor Octavo de la Houssave, praying for an
amendment to ;ui act confirming the hens of 6e la liou*sayc
to a tract of land, &e. :
By Mr. POLLOCK: The petition and papers of Mrs. i
Ko>d, of Pennsylvania, widow ot Colonel John Boyd, a j
revolutionary ofheer, taken from the files, of the House. I
ANo, the p uliou and papers of Joiin P. Schuyler, ot Muncy, '
Penn^hMuia. |
Bv m. DCNCAV, of Ohio: The petition of citizens of j
Licking county, Ohio, asking for a reduction on newspaper i
postage. |
By Mr. MORSE: The petition of William Stinson and
thirty others, praying for the establishment of a post route
from BeJIevue, the county seat of Bossier parish, to Winder.
By Mr. CRUWKLL: The petition ot Dan Eaton and others,
citizens of Mahoning county, Ohio, prayingCongress to pass
a lawappiopiiatins a sufficient portion of the public lands to
colonic,' th« free people ol color m the United States.
22
By Mr. TWEEDY: The petition of JolmH.Roundtreeand
seventy-three others, citizens of Grant county, Wisconsin,
praying for a proportionate reduction of postage on news-
papers not containing more than 500 square inches.
By Mr. HUBBARD: The petition of the inhabitants re-
siding in the valley of the Housatonic, in the State of Con-
necticut, including the town of Derby, a poit of delivery,
praying for an appropriation for the removal of the bar at the
month of the Housatonic river.
By Mr. HUNT: The petition of Lyman A. Spalding, and
other citizens of Lockpoit, New Yoik. Also, the petition
of Samuel M. Spencer,and other citizens of Orleans county,
New York, asking Congress to extend the diawback sys-
tem to Canadian wheal manufactured in the United States
for export.
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania: Three memorials
fiom citizens of Pennsylvania, remonstiating against the
further renewal of the patent of Jethro Wood's cast iron
plough m favor of his heirs.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 10, 1848.
Mr. BENTON presented a petition from the
Common Council of the city of St. Louis, urging
upon Congress the necessity of appropriations for
the improvements of the harbor at that city; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. B. spoke of the document as replete with
valuable information,and moved thatitbeprinted;
which was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER presented a petition from Eliza-
beth Munroe, widow of Dr. Thomas ,T. C. Mun-
roe, deceased, late a surgeon m the army of the
United States, for a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, made an adverse report on the
memorial of Mury M. Telfair.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
David N. Smith, accompanied by a report; which
was ordered to be printed. The bill was read a
first time.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported House bill for the relief of
Joseph and Linaley Ward, without amendment.
On motion of Mr. A., this bill was considered
by unanimous consent, read a third time, and
passed.
resolutions.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
Jirvolveil, That tin1 Committee on Commerce bo nif-tiueted
to in<|uue into the evpediem-y ol m,living an appiopnation
to aid tlio elmiity hospital at New Oilenn^ in defrnving the
expense-! ofihesielc and destitute volunteer troop*, \-ts well
as of sick and destitute citizens of the United States re-
ceived into said institution.
Mr. WESTCOTT submitted the following' reso-
lution:
Ilesolrerf, That the Secretary of the Senate be authorized
to pay to the youths employed in the Senate post office at
last session, one hundred dollars each, in full compensation
for the services of last session.
The above resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Ba.dgku, was taken up and referred to the
same committee:
Iicsolucify That there be paid to i ach of the messenger** of
the Senate and office of thn Secretary of the Senate, who i
have not already received it, the same additional compensa- i
tion that was paid R. P. Anderson and J. 1*. Clubb, for the i
second session of the 29th Congress. ,
Mr. CASS, by unanimous consent, introduced
ajoint resolution Authorizing medals and certifi-
cates to be given to officers and volunteers for
gallant conduct in battle during the war with
Mexico; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
[It authorizes the Piesident to have two dies made, one
of a laigei and the other of a smaller size, with suitable
devices, and to cau*e silver medals to he stiuek—the Jatger
size to ho presented to commissioned officers, and the
smaller to each non-couiinissiomxl officer, musician, and
private of the regular forces and volunteer-* who may have
distinguished himself or may hereafter distinguish himself
in battle during the present war; also, certificates on pai ele-
ment, signed by the President, and sealed with the seal of the
War Department, countersigned by the Secretary of War,
to be presented to each officer, non-commissioned officer,
musician, and private receiving a medal—the certificate to
state the battle in which such person has distinguished
Inmselt. The officers who hav« received gold medals and
to whom the thanks of Congress have been granted do not
come within the provisions of this resolution. It provides
for a board of not le^s than three field-officers, one of whom
shall be a general officer, if the service allows of it, "to be
convened by the Secretary of War in this city, to examine
the reports of the various actions with the enemy.andof the
conduct of officers and men engaged therein, and designate
such as are worthy, and report the same to the Secretary of
War, who is to lay it before the President for his approval,
and if the President approves, then medals and certificates
are to be presented. Jt further provides that when any offi-
cer, non-commissioned officer,musician, or private has been
killed in battle, or died in consequence of wounds received,
the medal and certificate, if he should be entitled to them,
aie to go to his family.]
Mr. H ANNEGAN, on leave, introduced a joint
resolution of thanks to Colonel Alexander W.
Doniphan, officers, and men under his command;
which was read a first and second time, and refer-
red to the Committee on Military Affairs.
[This resolution provides swords, with suitable devices,
to Colonel Doniphan, Lieutenant Colonel D. C. Mitchell,
Lieutenant Colonel Congiave Jackson, Majors William Gil-
pin and Meredith L. Clarke, in testimony of the high sense
entertained by Congress ana the country of their gallantry,
self-denial, and noble conduct in the campaign.]
The bills from the Iiouso of Representatives
were taken up, and after having* been read a first
and second time by their titles, were appropriately
referred, with the exception of the bill granting a
register for the barque Wilhamet; which, on mo-
tion of Mr. D1X, was taken up by unanimous
consent, and passed.
The report from the Committee on Printing for
the printing: of 20,000 copies of iiieutenant Abert's
report was agreed to.
GENERAL ORDERS.
The bill granting compensation to J. N. Moore
was taken up and passed.
The following bills were taken up in their order
on the calendar, and after having been considered,
were ordered to be engrossed, and were, by unani-
mous consent, read a third time and passed:
A bill for the relief of Susan E. Gordon. v
A bill for an increase of the medical staff of the
army for a limited time.
A bill for the relief of Jones and Boker.
The bill authorizing persons to whom reserva-
tions of land have been made under Indian treaties
to alienate the same in fee was taken up as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The question being upon agreeing to the amend-
ment submitted by Mr. Ha\tn,b<;an" on a former
day, it was read for information.
Mr. WESTCOTT suggested that as the Sen-
ator from Indiana, who had offered the amend-
ment, was not now in his scat, the bill be passed
Over informally.
Mr. ATCHTSON presumed there could be no
difficulty in regard to the amendment; however,
the Senator from Indiana was now in his seat, and
could explain it.
Mr. BREESE remarked, that the object of the
bill was to obviate the necessity of special legisla-
tion. By the treaty made at Camp Tippecanoe
with the Pottawatomie Indians, sections of land
were reserved to certain Indians, after the lands
had been ceded in bulk to the United States.
These Indians supposed they had an estate in fee
in these lands, and by deeds approved by the
President of the United States, sold their interest
in their reserved lands. It was now understood,
after careful inspection of the treaty of 1832, that
the construction of the terms employed did not
give to these Indians an estate in fee in those lands,
but an interest during their lifetime. The design
of the bill now before the Senate was to relinquish
to the purchasers of these lands the supposed re-
served richt of the Government of the United
States. There were some ten or fifteen cases in-
volved in the matter, and in order to avoid the
necessity of special legislation, it was thought that
it might be proper to have a general law including
the whole subject. Congress had never refused,
when any similar application had been made, to
grant the relief now sought. Similar cases had
occurred in Alabama, growing out of this treaty,
but he would not trouble the Senate by any refer-
ence to them at present. <.
He then sent to the desk of the Secretary a let-
