338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
ter from one of the commissioners who had con-
eluded the treaty, giving it as his opinion that the
Indians supposed they had the lands in fee.
Mr. HANNEGAN stated that the amendment
which he proposed to the original bill, was intend-
ed to meet cases under this bill entirely, which
the bill did not. There was a provision in it which
required that the deeds should be executed accord-
ing to the laws of the State in which the lands
were located. Compliance with that provision was
almost wnpossihle on the part of persons residing
at a distance in Missouri, Iowa, and Kentucky.
In order tt> meet that,and certain minor objections,
he had offered the amendment, which covered the
whole ground. In no single instance heretofore
had Congress refused to pass special acts in simi-
lar cases arising under this treaty. He referred to
former acts of Congress, in 1839 and 1841, embra-
cing similar cases. He presumed that the deeds
in the present case had had the sanction of the
President; but his approval of them was made
necessary before the conveyance could be perfect.
He presumed that there was no more danger of
fraud than in any other case of purchase and sale
of Indian lands. The statement of one of the
commissioners who made the treaty had just been
read to the Senate, and showed that the under-
standing at the time was, that the reservation was
made in favor of the Indians, as all other individual
reservations have heretofore been made, and that
they had,therefore, a right to sell and convey, with
the'sanction of the President. That was all that
was asked m this case. The papers now before
the Committee on Indian Affairs, showed incon-
testably that a full and ample price had been paid
for the lands; indeed, from his own knowledge, he
could say that for a portion of them, double the
value had been paid in money.
Mr. BADGER hoped that his friend from Indi-
ana would not understand him as indicating the
slightest hostility to the amendment when he sug-
gested the propriety of the reference of the bill,
with the pioposed amendment, to the Judiciary
Committee. The statements of the gentleman from
Indiana, and those also of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, had satisfied him that some act of legislation
in reference to this matter was proper and neces-
sary. He was not, therefore, opposed to the
measure, but was of opinion that it should undergo
the examination of the committee of the Senate
supposed to be specially charged with the legal pro-
ceedings which might be necessary.
Mr. HANNEGAN explained that the bill had
been referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and his friend fiom Missouri [Mr. Atchison]
united with him in requesting that that committee
should be discharged from the consideration of the
subject, and that it should be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to which they thought it
properly belonged. He could not conceive that it
involved any question requiring the examination of
the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. ATCHISON observed that the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Breese] iiad already shown that
committees had, in se\eral instances, acted on this
subject in the manner pruposed by this bill. The
only question involved was, whether the United
States would now cede to the purchaser from the
Indians, the reveisionary interest which it was sup-
posed the United States held in them under the
treaty. Upon the broad principle of getting rid of
the public lands, if for no other reason, he would
say, give that reversionary interestto the purchas-
es. He held that in getting rid of the public
land, an important service was rendered to the
Government of the United States, as well as to the
State m which the land lies, and to private indi-
viduals who became purchasers.
Mr. BADGER suggested that his friends on the
other side labored under some misapprehension as
to his object in desiring the reference to the Judi-
ciary Committee. Although the case had been
passed upon by the Committee on Indian Affairs,
still there might be a question remaining with re-
gard to the legal safeguard to be thrown around
the measure.
Mr. HAWjN'I^GA^N begged to inform his friend
from North Carolina that the same guards pre-
cisely had been interposed in this case as had
existed almost contemporaneously with the Gov-
ernment with regard to lands held by individual
reservation.
Mr. BADGER then withdrew his motion.
The amendment was then agreed to; and no
further amendment being made, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate, and the amendment was con-
curred in.
The bill was then engrossed, and read a third
time and passed.
THE TEN-REGIMENT BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill to raise, for a limited time, an additional mil-
itary force', when—•
Mr. UNDERWOOD commenced,by adverting
to the wars of the Revolution and of 1812, in both
of which the objects were clearly defined, and the
people knew what they were lighting for. In this |
third war against a civilized nation, do the people !
know what they are fighting for? They were now j
considering the question. He perceived that there I
were influences at work, the object of which was
to prevent light on that subject from reaching the
people. He referred to the message of the Presi- !
dent denouncing those who opposed the policy of the
Executive ay giving aid and comfort to the enemy;
also to the officers and editors who had followed
in the same track. The people were not consulted
when this war was commenced; and the honor of
the country is not involved in the prosecution
of the war. He separated the Government from
the people on this subject, because the war was
the act of the former, the latter having never given
their sanction to the origin of the war. The ob- j
ject of the officers of the Government was to
identify themselves with the people. But the
people are now engaged in the investigation of
the matter, and beneficial results might be ex-
pected.
It was the practice in legislation to look to pre-
cedents; and hence it became of high importance
that every act should be now scrutinized, in order i
that no evil precedent may be left behind us. He |
wished to state the facts which had operated on J
his mind in the formation of his op'nions on the i
subject. I
What were the principles which had been said |
to enter into the conduct of this war ? A Senator I
from the Empire State [Mr. Dickinson] had sub- !
mitted a resolution looking to the annexation of'
" contiguous territory." What do we want with .
more territory? We have ample room, every va- j
riety of soil and climate, productive of all descrip- 1
tions of fruits, and our resources areas yet only in
the course of development. Destiny—manifest ;
destiny—will lead us to greater prosperity. While J
we can remain knit together as a band of brothers, :
and confine ourselves to defensive, instead of going \
into offensive war, we may defy the world. But j
his friend over the way would reply, " Ah ! but
there is our commerce!" He did not think that
our commercial interests required the annexation
of Mexico. He referred to commercial tables to
show how greatly our trade with Mexico had de-
clined before the war. So that no commercial ben-
efit was to he calculated on among the results of
an aggressive war.
What other objects are there which can justify
the annexation of Mexico? To extend the area
ot freedom ! Captain Henry has written a book
to show that we must have the whole of North
and South America. He seems to think that it is
our manifest destiny to spread the area of freedom
over the entire continent. Man is an ambitious
animal. He believes that he is capable of being
first m everything in the affairs of the world. But he
(Mr. TT.) was of adifferent opinion. There was a
limit beyond which human intellect could not pass.
It was not in the order of Providence that one nation
should take into its hands the government of all
other nations. If we were to annex Mexico, we
should need an interpreter to explain the laws our
new people would have to obey. Our judicial and
legislative system would not admit the accession
of duties which would result from such an annexa-
tion. As we are extending our system even over
our own territory, we find that labor is growing
very burdensome; and if these duties are not faith-
fully; performed, there may be danger of producing
discontent among the people, and separation from
the Union.
He glanced at the religious aspect of the war,
and enumerated the amount of religious institu-
tions in the country—the number of theological
institutions, seminaries, ministers, and communi-
cants; the last item exceeding three millions. If
all this class were to be turned into propagandists,
and to maich on a crusade, with fire and sword,
against the religion of Mexico—if so, Protestant
as he was, he would stand up in opposition to the
scheme.
It is attempted to justify the war by the asser-
tion that Mexico struck the first blow, or was
preparing to strike it. tie denied that there was
any other demonstration than mere gasconade,
which did not justify the President in marching
, our troops against Mexico.
I He referred to the date of the order to General
! Taylor to march to the Rio Grande, and contended 1
| that the second order, dated six months afterwards,
| was nearly in the same words. The first was m
' June, 1845; the second in January, 1846. The
j movement on the part of the Mexicans was in
j July, 1845. Consequently the order of our Gov-
i ernment of June, 1845, was pre\ious to any hos-
; tile act of the Mexicans. He read from Captain
! Henry's book, to show the suspicions which ex-
i isted on the subject of the murder of Colonel Cross,
| and also to prove with whom rested the responsi-
i bihty of shedding the first blood.
! Whose was the soil? The battles of Palo Alto,
| &c., were fought on soil which belonged to the
I State of Tamaulipas. The Senator from Illinois
S [Mr. Douglas] had referred to the union of Texas
j and Coahuila against Mexico; but that Senator,
! when he quoted the title acquired to these States
I as proof that we had a right to the soil of Tamau-
lipas, endeavored to show what was a non sequitur.
Where is the evidence that this soil was conquered ?
Corpus Chnsti was not established untri two years
after the battle of San Jacinto, nor any Texan
settlement made on the right bank of the Nueces.
I Texas had no military post at Corpus Chnsti.
: The post was established by Colonel McKinney
I himself, to keep off the Indians. It was stated,
| on the authority of Captain Henry, that the Mex-
i icans sent two hundred men to destroy the settle-
I ment of McKinney; when the latter, finding the
: post indefensible, employed,a little Mexican gold
1 to purchase his safety. He referred to a person
1 named McLean, from his own district, who was
: at Corpus Chnsti, who stated that he had given
; the best horse he had to Ampudia. It was
' further stated that McKinney himself had taken
■ the oath of allegiance to the Mexican Govern-
i ment.
In the cases of elections by which the law was
passed declaring the boundary of Texas, soldiers
were allowed to vote. There was no mention of
districts, or counties, or towns. The alcaldes took
the votes where it was most convenient.
I Mr. RUSK gave a brief statement of the history
I of the revolution in Texas, for the purpose of
i showing that San Patricio was founded by the
i temporary government, and that there was a set-
tlement west of the Nueces before the revolu-
i tion, which was founded by a person named
I Power.
Mr. UNDERWOOD resumed. He did not un-
! derstand that the boundary line between Texas
1 and Tamaulipas was changed by this settlement.
He then went on to prove that we recognized a
country which was depopulated, and founded our
. title on that recognition. We ought, in a war of
conquest, to wait until time enough has elapsed
for its possession in the hands of those who sub-
• dued it, to bar an ejectment. It was a dangerous
precedent. It would be dangerous to adopt the
i same course in Canada, or in the sttip of Russian
i territory above 51° 40'. It would be proper for the
j people to decide whether these shall be made pre-
cedents.
" Indemnity for the past and security for the fu-
ture,"is now said to be the object of the prosecution
of the war. Security for the future we cannot have.
Strength can get nothing from weakness. And in-
demnity for the past, which the President says re-
: lates to claims which have been "long deferred,"
! cannot be had. The phrase " long deferred" comes
I with a bad grace fiom the same pen which vetoed
i the bill relating to Fiench spoliations. If wc were
to continue the war until wc get indemnity for
the expenses of the war, and the payment of the
claims of our citizens, tiie war will be intermin-
! ab'e-
He asked, what would be the expenses of the
j; war? He stated that the bounty land3 would
ij amount to fourteen millions and a half, according;
!l to an estimate made by the committee of which he
|] was a member. Add about six millions for the
l| Mexican claims, and all the expenses of the army
I' and navy (without reckoning the amount which
