1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
339
would be required if this bill should pass) would
far exceed one hundred millions. Then there
would be numberless Indian titles to be bought
out, the expenses of governors and all the ma-
chinery of the territorial governments, and regis-
ters and receivers. We have already the first
curse of Egypt upon us—the curse of blood. T.he
cost of the war cannot be less than two hundred
millions. And what would the indemnity in Cal-
ifornia and New Mexico bring? Could you get a?
much, if there be any public domain for sale, as
you would from the sale of our own rich lands ?
I4e referred to the amounts which had been re-
ceived in prosperous years at our public land sales,
and asserted the impossibility of making as much
out of the sale of lands in Mexico as would reim-
burse the expenses of the war, or even the inter-
est on them.
He referred to a report from the General Land
Office which had been received by the committee
to which he belonged, which showed that even in
our rich territory, the public lands had heretofore
not indemnified our Government for the expenses
incurred by them. If we had not been able to do
this at home, we are much less likely to do it in
Mexico.
The idea of making Mexico pay the expenses
of the war by military contributions on her trade,
he also treated as a mere delusion. There was
nothing in the report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury which furnished any data on which these
calculations could be founded. The report was
full of "ifs." If this took place, or if that oc-
curred, then there would be some prospect that a
little revenue might be obtained. He read from
the report of the Secretary to sustain the view
he had thrown out on this point. He also quoted j
from General Scott's statement of the amounts he j
had assessed in the different States, according to j
which, if you get nil into successful operation, the |
total revenue which can be gained would not ex- j
ceed four millions, supposing every dollar collected, j
and not a dollar lost. And this is to be collected j
by Mexican officers, who are required to fleece
their own people: and, in failure to do this, thpir
estates are to be confiscated, their bodies impri-
soned, &c. By what principle of public law could
this procedure be justified ? He thought it was an
interpolation which could not bear the test. Should
an enemy ever enter our country, would any Sena-
tor permit himself to be under a collector, to take
money from our own citizens to put into the ene-
my'a pocket5 Before any such compensation as
we as-k for indemnity can he obtained, we shall have
very greatly to increase the army.
iVlr. \T. suggested as the proper course, that we
should withdraw our troops taking such indem-
nity as we can obtain, lie remarked on the incon-
sistent statements which had been put forth—in
one moment, asserting thai there is a revenue of
four millions, and in the next, that. Mexico has no
revenue, and can pay nothing by way of contri-
bution.
He would have no objection to take San Fran-
cisco by way of indemnity to our citizens; but if
Mexico would agree to pay the money, he would
not take that harbor merely for the salce of hold-
ing territory.
Is it expected by Senators on the other side, that
we are to keep an army in Mexico for the purpose
of protecting the Puros? lie thought such an idea
preposterous.
The only way, in his view, was to rctrnce our
steps. And he was of opinion, that it was the
duty of the two Houses to join in a resolution
suiting what ought to be asked for, and what would
be deemed a satisfactory arrangement for the settle-
ment of the difficulty. Mr. U. having concluded.
On motion of Mr. TURNEY,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February II, 1848.
The Journal liavingbeen read—
Mr. WICIv rose and said, he perceived that, on
the motion of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Cobb] to lay the motion to print the Quakers*
memorial on the table yesterday, he was recorded
as having voted in the negative; he was so record-
ed in both the morning papers. As he was not
present when that vote was taken, and did not enter
the House for three hours afterwards, he koped
the Journal would be so corrected as to show that
he did not vote at all.
The Journal was corrected accordingly.
The SPEAKER announced that both the gen-
tlemen composingthe Committeeon Enrolled Bills,
were absent; and, if no objections were made,
he would now supply their places on that com-
mittee by appointing two others, as there were
several enrolled bills which required examina-
tion.
No objection being made, the SPEAKER named
Mr. Houston, of Delaware, and Mr. Peck, as the
Committee on Enrolled Bills.
Senate bills of the following titles lying on the
Speaker's table were taken up, read a first and
second time, and appropriately referred :
An act to compensate John M. Moore.
An act authorizing persons to whom reserva-
tions of land have been made under certain Indian
treaties to alienate the same in fee.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of George Fisher, deceased*.
An act for the relief of William Marvin in con-
firming the title to a tract of land in Florida, grant-
ed by the Spanish Government to Bernardo Segui
on the 20th December, 1815.
An act for the increase of the medical staff of
the army for a limited time.
A bill for the relief of Jones & Boker.
A bill for the relief of Betsy Mcintosh.
The -bill from the Senate to authorize the issuing
of a register or enrolment to the schooner Robert
Henry was read three times, passed, and returned
to the Senate.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of War, transmitting, as re-
quired,by the 1st section of the act of March 2,
1803, an abstract of the returns of the militia of the
several States, with their names, accoutrements,
and ammunition. Referred to the Committee on
the Militia.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
following message from the President of the Uni-
ted States:
To the House of Representatives of the United Slates:
In answer to the resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the 7th instant, I transmit herewith
a report from the Secretary of State.
No communication has been received from Mex-
ico, containing propositions from the Mexican au-
thorities or commissioners for a treaty of peace,
except the "counter projet" presented by the
Mexican commissioners to the commissioner of
the United States on the 6th of September last, a
copy of which, with the documents accompany-
! mg it, I communicated to the Senate of the United
States on the J2d instant. A copy of my commu-
nication to the Senate, embracing this " projet,"
is "herewith communicatcd.
JAMES K. POLK.
Washington, February 10, 1848.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. J. A. ROCKWELL moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
private calendar.
Mr. VINTON gave notice that if that motion
did not prevail, he would move that the House go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
! The question being first stated upon the motion
] by Mr. Rockwell, the yeas and nays were de-
| mnnded and ordered; and, being taken, resulted—
I yeas 88, nays 70.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole, (Mr. Pollock, of Pennsylvania, in
the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of
the private calendar.
The bill for the relief of the heirs of John Paul
Jones was taken up. The question being upon
agreeing; to certain amendments reported by the
Committee of Chums—
Mr. STARKWEATHER occupied an hour m
a speech against the bill, moving that the enacting
clause be stricken out. *
After further debate by Mr. ROOT, in opposi-
tion to the bill, and Messrs HOLMES, of South
Carolina, and ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, in
support of the same, the committee rose and
reported progress.
On motion, it was
Ordered, That when the House adjourn, it be to meet on
Monday next, •
The House th«n adjournad.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 11, 1848.
The VICE PRESlDENT.laid before the Senate
a message from the President of the United States,
enclosing a reply to a resolution of the Senate,
calling for information on the subject of duties and
imposts levied on goods and merchandise of citi-
zens of the United States transported to Mexico;
which was ordered to be printed. The message is
as follows:
To the Senate of the United States :
In answer to the resolution of the Senate of the
1st instant, requesting to be informed whether
" any taxes, duties, or imposts," have been "laid
and collected" 14 upon goods and merchandise be-
* longing to citizens of the United States, exported
' by such citizens from the United States to Mex-
Mco; and if so, what is the rate of such duties,
( and what amount has been collected, and also by
« what authority of law the same have been laid
1 and collected," I refer the Senate to my annual
message of the 7th of December last, in which I
informed Congress that orders bad been given to
our military and naval commanders in Mexico to
adopt the policy, as far as is practicable, of levying
military contributions upon the enemy for thp sup-
port of our army. As one of the modes adopted
for levying such contributions, it was stated in that
message that—
  Oil the thirty-first of Mm ch last, I caused an order to be
issued to our military and naval commanders to levy and
collect a military contribution upon all vessels and _ mer-
chandise which mieht enter any of the poits-- of Mexico in
our military occupation, and to apply >uch contnbutions
towards defraying the expenses of the war. By virtue of
tin- nght of conquest, and the laws of war, the conqueror,
consulting lie? own safety or convenience, may either ex-
clude toteiirn commerce altogether fioni all such ports, or
permit it upon s-uch terms and conditions as he may pre-
f-enho. Rutoic the pnnctpalpom of Mexico were blockaded
by our navy, the revenue derived from import duties, under
the laws of Mexico, was paid into the Mexican treasury.
After these pons had fallen into our military possession, the
blockade was raised, and commerce with them permitted
upon prescribed terms and conditions. They were open to
the trade of all nations, upon the payment of duties moie
moderate in their amount than those which had been pre-
viously levied by Mexico; an&the revenue, which was for-
mcrly paid into the Mexican treasury, was directed to be
collected by our military and naval officers, and applied to
the use of our army and navy. Care was taken that the
officers, soldiers, and sailors, of our army and navy should
be exempted from the operations of the order; and as the
merchandise imported upon which the order operated must
be consumed by Mexican citizens, the contributions exacted
were, in effect, the seizure of the public revenues of Mexi-
co, and the application of them to our own use. In direct-
ins this measure, the object was to compel the enemy to
contribute, as far as practicable, towards the expenses of the
war."
A copy of the order referred to, with the docu-
ments accompanying it, has been communicatcd to
Congress.
The order operated upon the vessels and mer-
chandise of all nations, whether belonging to citi-
zens of the United States or to foreigners arriving
in any of the ports in Mexico in our military oc-
cupation. The contributions levied were a tax
upon Mexican citizens, who were the consumers
of the merchandise imported. But for the permit
or license granted by the order, all vessels and
merchandise belonging to citizens of the United
States were necessarily excluded from all com-
merce with Mexico from the commencement of
the war. The coasts and pons of Mexico were
ordered to be placed under blockade on the day
Congress declared the war to exist; and by the
laws" of nations, the blockade applied to the ves-
sels of the United States, as well as to the vessels
of all other nations. Had no blockade been de-
clared, or had any of our merchant vessels entered
any of the ports of Mexico not blockaded, they
would have been liable to be seized and condemned
as lawful prize by the Mexican authorities. When
the order was issued, it operated as a privilege to
the vessels of the United States, as well as to those
of foreign countries, to enter the ports held by our
arms, upon prescribed terms and conditions. It
was altogether optional with citizens of the United
States and foreigners to avail themselves of the
privilege granted, upon the terms prescribed. Citi-
zens of the United States and foreigners have
availed themselves of these privileges. No pun-
ciple is better established than that a nation at war
has the right of shifting the burden off itself, and
imposing; it upon the enemy, by exacting military
contributions. The mode of making such exac-
tions must be left to the discretion of the conqueror,
but it should be exercised in a manner conformable
to the rules of civilized warfare,
