840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 11,
The ri"Iit to levy these contributions is essential
to the successful prosecution of war in an enemy's
country, ami the practice of nations has been in
accordance with this principle. It is as clearly
necessary as the right to fight battles, and its ex-
ercise is often essential to the subsistence of the
army.
Entertaining no doubt that the military right to
exclude commerce altogether from the ports of the
enemy in our military occupation, included the
minor right of admitting it under prescribed con-
ditions, it became an important question, at the
date of the order, whether there should be a dis-
crimination between vessels and cargoes belonging
to the citizens of the United States, and vessels
and cargoes belonging to neutral nations. Had
the vessels and cargoes belonging to citizens of the
United States been admitted without the payment
of any duty, while a duty was levied on foreign
vessels and cargoes, the object of the order would
have been defeated. The whole commerce would
have been conducted in American vessels. No
contributions could have been collected, and the
enemy would have been furnished with goods
without the exaction from him of any contribution
whatever; and would have been thus benefited by
our military occupation, instead of being made to
feel the evils of the war. In order to levy these
contributions, and to make them available for the
support of the army, it became therefore abso-
lutely necessary that they should be collected upon
imports into Mexican ports, whether in vessels
belonging to citizens of the United States or to
foreigners
It was deemed proper to extend the privilege
to vessels and their cargoes belonging to neutral
nations. It has been my policy, since the com-
mencement of the war with Mexico, to act justly
and liberally towards all neutral nations, and to
afford to them no just cause of complaint; and we
have seen the good consequences of this policy by
the geneial satisfaction which it has given.
In answer to the inquiry contained in the resolu-
tion, as to the rates of duties imposed, I refer you
to the documents which accompanied my annual
message of the 7th of December last, which con-
tain the information.
From the accompanying reports of the Secretary
of War and the Secretary of the Navy, it will be
seen that the contributions have been collected on
all vessels amj cargoes, whether American or for-
eign; but the returns to the departments do not
show with exactness the amounts collected on
American, as distinguishable from foreign, vessels
and merchandise. JAMES ICPOLK.
Washington, February 10,1848.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report from the War Department of the
Militia returns for the year 1847.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. BREESE presented resolutions from the
Legislature of the State of Illinois, in favor of an act
to indemnify the citizens of that State who may
have suffered by Indian depredations in the Black
Hawk war; which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a petition from
Colonel Richard M. Johnson, praying compensa-
tion for Jbuildings erected by him for the Choctaw
academy; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
_ Mr. WESTCOTT presented a petition from
citi7ens of West Florida, asking that the public
lands may be divided and disposed of to citizens of
the United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MILLER presented a petition from Heze-
kiah L. Thistle, setting forth alleged injustice on
the part of the Commissioner of the Patent Office
in relation to a patent; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents.
Mr. CLAYTON presented a petition from Mid-
shipman Rogers, asking remuneration for losses in
money and sufferings during a captivity in Mexico,
while making his escape, <&c.
Mr. CLAYTON said; I have the honor to pre-
sent the memorial of Passed Midshipman Rogers,
asking compensation for losses and injuries re-
ceived in the service of his country. His memo-
rial is couched in terms as modest and unassuming
as they are respectful to Congress, and glances at
the leading incidents of an eventful story of daring
enterprise and heroic fortitude, in captivity and
distress, to which there can scarcely be found a
parallel in the annals of the war. I shall ask of
the Senate that this memorial be printed, in order
that he may have the full benefit of his own state-
ment; and I now propose to make a few remarks
in relation to the claim which he presents, for the
purpose of drawing the attention of the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, and the
members of it, to the facts of the case, because I
suppose that is the committee to whom the memo-
rial may most appropriately be referred. This
young officer was one of the daring few who, in
the month of November, 1846, were distinguished
: for cutting out and destroying the Mexican barque
i; " Creole," then moored under the guns and fasten-
1 ed to the walls of the fortress of San Juan de Ulua.
Subsequently to the destruction of that vessel, the
naval commander under whom Mr. Rogers served,
was desirous that a reconnoissance should be made
of the localities m the vicinity of Vera Cruz, as
well for the purpose of aiding a land attack as of
destroying the enemy's depot of ammunition, and
this young sailor volunteered with a few others—
a small boat's crew—to perform this dangerous
servicc. On three successive nights this small
party penetrated the dense chaparral in the neigh-
borhood of the city of Vera Cruz, made a complete
reconnoissance of all the objects of importance
which they were sent to examine, and afterwards
reported complete drawings of the localities around
the city, which were held by General Worth to
, be of great value, as he occupied, m the invest-
j. ment oi" the city, the particular spot which was the
I! subject of this investigation. It was during this
• ■ reconnoissance, on the last night of it, that Mr.
Rogers was captured by a band of Mexican guards;
and his capture was undoubtedly owing to his own
generous impulse m saving a brother officer. On
that occasion he narrowly escaped death at the
moment of his capture, in consequence of the ex-
asperated feelings of the Mexicans consequent on
, the destruction of the " Creole." He was carried
jl that night to prison in Vera Cruz, where he re-
;i mained four days and nights without sustenance,
;! in a cell swarming with vermin, and where the
|: only intelligence that reached him was, that he had
j; been condemned to death as a spy, by a civil
j; tribunal, the sole evidence offered before it being
>i to the effect, that he was the leader of the party en-
! gaged in cutting out and destroying the "Creole."
i. He then remained in constant expectation of death
!j for many weeks; and when, as he thought, his
death-summons was coming, his only answer to it
was the request, that he might avoid the Mexican
\ mode of killing a man behind his back, and meet
' death as an American, who could look it in the
i face. He remained in that state of suspense for a
| long period, his imprisonment at VeraCruz last--
j ing for three months. For some reason, the bloody
! sentence which had been recorded against him was
i never executed, and a military commission was
j ordered tq sit upon his case. When General Scott
j was advancing to invest Vera Cruz, Mr. Rogers
! was marched on foot from that city to Perote^nd
j confined in the noxious cells of that fortress.' As
f the American army advanced into Mexico, he was
j again removed, and conveyed to Puebla. All his
] property had been lost in the wreck of the Somers;
: and that which was conferred upon him by the
hand of friendship or charity, was taken from him
by the robbers; whilst his life was at the same
time in constant peril from the excited state of pub-
: he feeling against our countrymen. At a short dis-
! tance from Puebla the incensed rabble stoned him,
i and on that occasion, also, he narrowly escapcd
;! death. Owing to this excited state of public feel-
ji ingi his guard was compelled to remain with him
jj within a league of Puebla till midnight, lest he
M should be torn to pieces by the exasperated popu-
lace in the city. When taken to Puebla, in so
great peril was he, that the foreign residents of that
State interceded in his behalf, and obtained an or-
der for his removal to the city of Mexico. In ra^s
and wretchedness he was marched to the capital,
where he remained a prisoner,until intelligence of
the  battle of Cerro Gordo arrived, when General
Santa Anna, the hero of the Alamo, ordered his
victim to be conveyed still further into the interior.
Knowing that death would be the consequence of
I I';1' r('n'!0vaj' he made a successful effort to escape,
i Always in infinite peril, he made his way in Mexi^
; can disguise, being often subjected to examination
I from bands of guerrillas and Mexican guards, until
he reached the plains \^ich led him to Puebla
1 where General Scott was preparing, with his vic-
torious army, to advance upon the city of Mexico.
From his knowledge of the localities in the neighbor-
hood of Mexico, and the numbers and condition of
the Mexican forces, Mr. Rogers was now enabled
to give valuable information to the commander-in-
chief; and his character for courage and intelli-
gence being well known, he was employed as a
volunteer aid-de-camp by General Pillow, and in
all the bloody actions which succeeded he was dis-
tinguished as^imongst the bravest of the brave.
The despatches of the commanding general, whose
aid he was, fully attest his character for skill and
gallantry, and recommend him in the strongest
terms to the notice of the commander-in-chief, be-
stowing upon him as high eulogiums as on any
other officer of his division. Engaged in all the
other actions in the field, Mr. Rogers was particu-
larly distinguished for his conduct, as his brother
officers relate, in the storming of Chapultepec,
where he was one of the seven who first mounted
the walls of that fortress, and planted the standard
of his country over 11 the halls of the Montezu-^
mas." The sailor has now returned from the
wars, but no brevet commission awaits him, be-
cause the deck was not the field of his fame. He
has earned his laurels upon the land; but although
promotion may not attend him for the service
which he performed upon land, his claims for jus-
tice are strengthened by this service; and the only
object which I have in view on this occasion is, to
commend his claims for sheer justice to the con-
sideration of the Committee on Military Affairs.
I think that a stronger case-could scarcely be pre-
sented for the consideration of an American Con-
gress. I do not undertake to point out the mode
or measure of redress which the case demands. I
leave that to the ability, the patriotism, the benevo-
lence of the gentlemen of the Military Committee.
We all unite in commendation of those of our
countrymen who have been distinguished in this
war. We are accustomed to rejoice over the
achievements of our countrymen in Mexico, with-
out reference to party distinctions. When the
gallant dead are brought from Mexico to their
home, we follow the hearse, " the war-horse and
the muffled drum," and unite in signifying to the
world that the whole nation sorrows for the fallen.
I hope that the same feeling which is so success-
fully invoked in behalf of the memory of the gal-
lant dead may be manifested to the living, and that
vvhen the pensioner shall return from Mexico—the
crippled and war-worn soldier—claiming his dues,
we shall be ready to award to them just compen-
sation for the services which they have rendered
to their country. I hope it may never be said of
us—
" How proud they can press to the funeral array
Of him whom they shunned in liis sickness and sorrow ;
And baibifs may seize his last blanket to-day,
Whose pall shall be borne up by statesmen to-morrow!"
I move that the memorial be printed, and refer-
red to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The reference to the committee was then unani-
mously ordered.
Mr. HALE. The other day, a memorial was
presented by the honorable Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Corwin] in favor of peace, and the Senate,
as I understand, on the score of economy, refused
to allow it to be printed. On a subsequent day,
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Davis! pre-
sented a memorial coming from the large and highly
respectable body of Friends in the New England
States, very brief and respectful, praying" that
measures might be taken to bring about a speedy
peace. It was also refused to print that memorial,
on the ground of expense. I hope that the same
rule will be applied to those memorials which ask
for action in favor of war, or of those who have
performed what are styled meritorious services in
war. I hope that we will show some uniformity
of action in regard to this matter; so that if those
memorials asking for action which seems to imply
approbation of the principles avowed in them in
favor of the war, be printed, the Senate will not
refuse the same measure of justice to memorials
which come not fiom private individuals, but large
bodies of Christians, asking the Government to do
something towards the restoration of peace. For
this reason, I ask for the yeas and nays on the
question of printing this memorial.
Mr, TTJRNEY. I think it is necessary to take
in this instance the course which has been hereto-
fore adopted in similar cases. I move a reference
to the Committee on Printing.
