842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 11.
worthy impulses. It has been remarked here, and
I think with great truth and propriety, that the
honor which the army has won has given strength
to the country, and that that is perhaps the only
thing which we^have gained by this war; and that,
but for the acquisition of honor by the army, the
whole war, from the beginning to the end, instead
of being matter of exultation, would have been
the subject of lasting lamentation. I therefore
think it to be my duty to vote cheerfully for this
resolution, and to accord to Che officers and soldiers
of the army my thanks for the manner in which
they have performed their duty. The war has
not been their act; they are the mere agents of the
Executive in carrying on the war.
Mr. BUTLER. I am somewhat astonished at the
views taken by the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire. Yet, perhaps I ought not to be astonished
this morning at the views which he has expressed,
when I refer to the peculiar opinions which he in-
troduced on another subject a few days since. We
are now making materials for history; and the
gentleman from New Hampshire has maintained
that, instead of returning our thanks to the officers
and men for their good conduct, gallantry and skill
in the operations of this war, not under the orders j
of the President, but undei the national flag, they •
should be regarded by us as deserving the lasting
reproach of history. Where does the gentleman j
learn his lessons upon subjects of this kind? Am I
I, here in the Senate of the United States, to be !
told that those who have fallen in consequence of j
yielding obedience to the dictates of patriotism are !
to have reproach and infamy cast upon their graves? !
Am X to be told that those who have obeyed, per- j
haps reluctantly obeyed, the orders of the com- 1
mander-in-chicf in embarking in this war, are not '
entitled to our thanks for maintaining the honor, \
the historical reputation of this country abroad ? ;
And yet, such are the sentiments of the gentle-
man from New Hampshire. I solemnly believe
that General Taylor, more, perhaps, than any '
other single individual in this country, is entitled
to our thanks for saving the lives not only of his :
own troops, but the lives of those sent on this ex- 1
pedition. Every battle that was fought, it seems
to me, resulted almost in a miraculous escape '
from the overwhelming disaster which seemed to 1
be impending over our army. If he had failed at i
Buena Vista, it /s almost certain that the troops ■
under command of General Scott would have been :
destroyed by the Mexican hosts which surrounded
them; and I yet am told that those who saved the ■
lives of our troops—who went forth under our '
national flag, are, by the solemn judgment of the r
Senate, to be condemned, because, when ordered to
•pass into the enemy's country, with craven indif- \\
ferencc to honor—m traitorous violation of their jl
du ty—they did not retire and give up their com- i
missions I Yes, the gentleman would have had !{
those officers to resign in the face of the enemy. I |i
believe his doctrine goes so far, and that it would ;•
be consistent with his notions, that the officeis and ['
men should receive pay whilst they are guarding !'
garrisons, but retire the moment that the order to !
encounter the perils of war was issued. A word- \
ing to his idea, they are to be judges of the justice
and propriety of the war. I do not know, how- :■
ever, that the ideas which the gentleman has just ''
now expressed* are at all different from some which
I heard the other day, and to which I shall now
take the opportunity to advert. The very first I,
remark which I heard from that gentleman m this J
Senate House was to maintain that whilst science
in adventurous experiment was soaring to heaven, '
and making discoveries in the bowels of the earth,1 :
refuting the Mosaic cosmogony, he was not allow- '!
ed to present memorials on your tabie for rhe sui- I
cide of this Confederacy. Such was the doctrine ■
then maintained by the gentleman: that he was for- j
bidden to present on your table memorials and pe- 1
titions which, if they had been acted upon, would
have resulted in the immediate, infamous, suicide ;i
of this Confederacy. What did the gentleman then \
maintain r Nothing at^ll different from that which
he now asserts: that one portion of this Confede-
racy should have the liberty of presenting memo-
rials of that kind, to alter the Constitution, so that
one portion of the Confederacy should be deprived
of those guarantees under which it entered the ;;
Union. I recollect one of the remarks made by i|
the gentleman on that occasion, and I hope he will ;;
pardon me for quoting his classic language. He
said that he had learned in Yankee school-books ii
not only to spell words, but to understand their
meaning. I believe he said that so far as regards
one portion of the Confederacy—at least that was
the tendency of his remarks.— it should be put
under ban of the condemnation of the other;
and that it was correct in a representative of the
Federal Government—I mean the Secretary of
State—to protest against the interference of British
power, so far as it affected only that portion of the
Confederacy. Let me ask him, suppose the prop-
osition had been made to introduce slaves into
New Hampshire to the exclusion of others, and
to settle the Maine boundary with a view to do so,
would he or would he not have invoked the Fed-
eral powers to protect that portion of the Confed-
eracy? But perhaps, sir, I am now going beyond
the legitimate limits of the present question. I
protest against this attempt to cast contumely
and reproach upon the officers and soldiers who
have obeyed the orders of this Government, and
who deserve the lasting approbation of the coun-
try.
Mr. CASS. As it appears to be probable that
this discussion maybe prolonged, and the hour
! for taking up the special order has already passed,
! I move that the resolution be passed by infoimally.
j Several Senators. Oh I no. Let it be acted
i upon now.
i Mr. CALHOUN, (in his seat.) Let it be passed
! over informally.
j The PRESIDING OFFICER. Docs the Sen-
j ator from Michigan withdraw his motion ?
! Mr. CASS. I believe not, Mr. President. I
j think I must adhere to it.
I Mr. HALE. I desire only to say a few words
: personal to myself.
j Mr. CASS. If the Senator desires to make a
! personal explanation, certainly I have no objection '
| to withdiawing the motion. i
1 Mr. HALE. The honorable Senator from South '
. Carolina gays that I have undertaken to cast oblo- j
quy upon the officers of the American army. I |
certainly have said no such thing—I have intended <
no such thing. "I said that the officers engaged in :
this war could never have my thanks. I could not j
thank them for anything they had done, because it
was impossible, in my mind, to separate the actors j
in the war from the war itself. Then, simply with i
the view of showing that I was not without prece- '
dent in my course, I referred to a fact in history, i
drawing do infeiences whatever from it. The
severe philippic which the honorable Senator has ,,
thought proper to pronounce upon the precedent
which I have cited, must be directed against the
honored statesmen who stood up in the Parliament j
of Great Britain, and maintained the cause of the
American colonies—the cause of human liberty and
human rights, against the arms of that power which-
was then endeavoring to crush the spirit of free-
dom, bursting into life m these colonies. I have
not undertaken to mark out for a single individual
the course he is to pursue on this floor in reference
to this subject; nor do I ask any to follow that
course which I myself adopt. But so long as I
have the honor of occupying a place here, I must
follow my convictions, let them lead me where I
they will. When I cannot follow my convictions, i
I will not come here. The honorable Senator has j
referred to some remarks which I made the other j
day, upon the occasion of presenting a memorial ]
m reference to the subject to which he alluded. I I
think thattheSenatorundertook to characterize that
memorial, and the course which 1 adopted on that
occasion, in terms, which to say the least, if he had
kno\^n all the facts, he would not have employed.
What was the character of that memorial ? Did it
ask the Senate to transcend any of its acknowledg-
ed powers ? No. It was a memorial drawn up
by a society of professing Christians, who eschew
the doctrine of the justifiable employment of phys-
ical force, and simply asked that the American
Government would use all the powers vested in
them by the Constitution, for the removal of that
which they deemed to be an evil. The memori-
alists could not be heard. Their petition could
not be received by an American Senate.
Mr. BUTLER. I did not exactly allude to that
part of it, and perhaps, indeed, I should ask par-
don of the Senate for referring at all to what was
not altogether germane to the immediate subject
before it; but, if I recollect right, there was a me-
morial or paper of some kind asking an altera-
tion of the Constitution, to enable them to interfere
with that institution of the South. On another
! occasion, however, I may advert to this matter;
| and was betrayed into it now, from the circuro-
j stance that the gentleman on all subjects of this
i kind stands very much alone.
Mr. HALE. I am quite willing to " stand
alone/' provided I stand on my convictions. I
mean, sir, to vote as I talk. I do not come here
to make a speech denouncing this war as unjust
and unconstitutional^ and then stultify myself by
voting men and money to the President, to carry it
on. My speeches and my votes shall be, at all
events, consistent with each other. While I think
as I do, I shall vote as I speak. I do not know
but I may be alone in that; but whether it be so or
not, I shall so act, and leave it to be said whether
11 it is a reproach to me or others, that I am thus
,i alone. Permit me to say to that honorable Sena-
;j tor m all kindness, and with no disposition to be
j' offensive, that he entirely mistakes and misappre-
; hends the character of that portion of the Ameri-
! can people whom I am supposed to represent on
J this subject. Once for all, let me say, that we de-
! sire no interference with, nor disturbance of, the
existing institutions of the States. If the institu-
tion of which you speak be a blessing>bless your-
selves with it; if it be a cur&ey stagger under it as
you may; let us remain free from it—let us alone,
] It is all that we desire—all that we ask. And per-
| mit me to say that our efforts will not cease, our
! exertions will not weary until we have done what
| we can to relieve ourselves of any share of re-
! proach or responsibility in respect to what we
| regard as a great and crying evil. We do not pre-
j tend to interfere with it, then, but we say, " keep
j it to youiselves !" Do not come here and ask us
; to tax people to the last point of enduiance, to
! carry on an aggressive war for its prosecution, sus-
! tenance, and maintenance. Do not desire to go
j into our States, interfering with us there, and m
\ claiming to preserve your institutions, disfranchise
! us. We hear a great deal about the far-famed
! compromises of the Constitution; but go into the
i State of New Hampshire, before a justice of the
i peace, with the certificate of any one claiming me
' as his slave, and you may drag me from the em-
; braces of my family and all that I hold dear. The
i habeas corpus and trial by jury are in a moment
i trampled in the dust, and slavery rides omnipotent
i over all the guarantees of the Constitution ! It is
! from this that we ask to be relieved. We make
1 no war upon you. That is all that we attempt,
and so far as we are enabled to do so, we shall con-
tinue the attempt to maintain the integrity of our
own constitution and our own institutions against
these encroachments. Beyond that, we have no
desire to go. Beyond that, we have never gone.
The Senator, then,. entirely misunderstood the
purport of the efforts made by me, if he gave
them any other character. A single word in re-
gard to the matter immediately before the Senate*
and I have done. I think I cannot have been mis-
understood when I said, that I did not characterize
the acts of the officers of the army I have spoken
; of the war in which they are engaged. I believe
j it to be unjust; and what would we have thought
' of the sincerity of the patriots in the British Par-
i hament—of Chatham, for instance, whose manly
. eloquence was exerted m denouncing the aggres-
; sions upon the liberties of the colonies, if hie had
: united in the vote of thanks to Cornwallis and
Clinton? That is all that I have maintained. I
believe this war to be unjust, and, therefore, I
cannot vote for the thanks of Congress to be given
to any one who has had any agency in the prose-
cution of that war.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, the subject was
passed over informally.
THE TEN-REGIMENT BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
to raise, for a limited time, an additional military
force.
Mr. TURNEY said, if he entertained those views
of the unconstitutionality of the war which Sena-
tors on the other side had expressed, he would vote
against every measure for its prosecution. If the
war was just, all agree this bill should pass. If it
was unjust, it ought not to pass. The points
which had been urged on the other side in opposi-
tion to the justice of the war were never heard of
until this bill was brought before the Senate. He
adverted to the movements of the army, early in
the war, to show that the necessity for the passage
of the bill granting the first supplies to the Pi?esi-
