1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
343
dent was grounded on the perilous situation ot
General Taylor and his troops.
He believed that the war would have long since
been brought to a closebutfor the divisions at home.
He asked, what kind of a treaty of peace Senators,
who thought the war unconstitutional and unjust,
could make with Mexico ? He saw that the differ-
ences of opinion were strictly coincident with the
party lines. We all know the effects of these
party conflicts on the enemy, who is led to reflect
on the consequenbe of this disunion among our
own citizens, weakening our energies and distract-
ing our efforts, and to hope that a change of our
counsels would open the way to a peaceful termi-
nation of the war.
He said that he concurred with his colleague in
the opinion that the people of Tennessee are dis-
posed to sustain the war; but he thought that his
colleague, by voting against the bill, would not
represent the opinions of the people. He adverted
to the various points which had been urged on the
other side, and stated that they had failed to change
the convictions of his mind.
He complained that Senators on the other side
built up issues for themselves, and then went on
to reason from them. They might be all easily
• overthrown, but he could not take up the time of
the Senate with them.
Annexation, which lias been charged as the
cause of the* war, was the act of the Tyler admin-
istration. The Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Johnson,] in his unanswerable argument, asked
why the President had not recalled the messenger,
and thus prevented the act? He vindicated the
President from the charge which had been made
against tlie Executive on account of the non-revo-
cation of the ministerial act of his predecessor.
He contended that Mr. Polk had not the power to
do so. If he had done so, still, annexation would
have been perfected at the next session of Con-
gress# .
To sustain the position which he had taken, he
quoted copiously from the history of the matters
connected with the annexation of Texas, and the
opinions of the distinguished statesmen of the
time on the subject. The Whig doctrine in 1844
was, that the annexation of Texas would be pro-
ductive of war; while the Democratic doctrine
was, that it could present no just cause of war.
Wow the Whigs assert, that the removal of our
troops beyond the Nueces to the Rio Grande was
the cause of the war. The Whigs, therefore, had
entirely changed their ground on this subject,
abandoning the annexation as a cause, and assail-
ing the acts of the present Executive as having led
to the existing difficulties.
1 le then went, on to speak of the course pursued
by the Mexican Government in relation to Mr,
Slide!!. She would not even listen to any propo-
sition, but at once rejected the minister. Wnat
course was then left lor the United States but to
commence war?
The administration of Mr. Tyler had brought
on the war, in effect, by pursuing a course which
closed the door against every proposition which
we could make towards conciliation and peace.
The present Administration had done all it could
to avert the war, but every effort was frustrated,
until, by the rejection of Mr. Shdell, every hope
of peaceful adjustment was destroyed. The coi-
respondence of our Secretary of State shows how
strong was his disposition to pursue a conciliatory
course.
He would have charged our Government with a
violation of the national honor, if it had not ful-
filled the assurance it gave to Texas to interpose,
so as to prevent her re-invasion by Mexico. We
talk much of the honor of the Government, the
honor of the country, which must be preserved
from stain at all hazards. What would have be-
come of this honor, had we not redeemed the
pledge given to Texas to interpose, to prevent her
rc-mvusion by Mexico?
He returned to the question of the annexation of
Texas, and read from the diplomatic correspond-
ence on the subject, to show that the Secretary of
State had adopted that measure, in view of all its
possible conscquences, of winch consequences war
was one. It was not a difference of opinion as
to the boundary between us and Mexico which
caused the war, but it was the question of annex-
ation as a whole.
For the conduct of the war, the President is re-
sponsible—responsible to the people. But he is a
cautious and prudent man, and has not acted with-
out due consideration and consultation with mili-
tary men, men of experience, men who are in
possession of all the necessary information. He
consulted General Taylor when the movement
on the Rio Grande was resolved on. It had been
alleged that our troops were sometimes too many
^-sometimes too few—and now we have more
than can be required to bring the war to a termina-
tion.
He insisted that the Mexican troops had inva-
ded our soil, when they crossed the Rio Grande,
and that it was then a matter of necessity to repel
them.
He then went on to inquire what could be done
to bring the war to a termination. He would use
the language once used by a gentleman from Rhode
Island—we are now in the war, and we must fight
it out. It was strange that we, being in the midst
of a war, should grieve at our own success—should
take the alarm, and take sides with our enemy;
that the suggestion should be urged that we must
make peace, without waiting for the Mexicans
now to show their hand. We have already made
proposition after proposition, without effect. Yet
we are told that we have peace in our power—that
we can make peace when we please. Mexico is
not conquered; and when we say she is whipped,
we are forced to admit that she is not conquered,
for she will not listen to any proposition from us to
terminate the war.
Fie was desirous to carry on the war vigorously,
to strike into the vitals of Mexico, and to force her
to a peace. _
Mr. TURNEY concluded with recapitulating the
points of his argument.
On motion of Mr. MANGUM, a message was
ordered to be sent to the House of Representa-
tives, requesting the return of the bill for the in-
crease of the medical staff of the army of thfc United
States.
Mr. MANGUM explained that the bill had been
suffered to pass the Senate without attracting any
attention. And he gave notice of a motion to re-
consider the vote by which it had been passed.
On motion, it was ordered, that when the Senate
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday.
Mr. BREESE then took the floor and expressed
his desire to make some remarks on the bill under
discussion, and the Senate proceeded to the con-
sideration of executive business; and, after some
time, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 14, 1848.
This being renolution day, the SPEAKER com-
menced the call of the States for resolutions, com-
mencing with the State of Virginia, where the call
was suspended on the last resolution day.
On motion of Mr. GOGGIN,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
ltonds beinstiucted to inquue into and repoitto what extent,
and in what respect, the franking privilege of the officers ana
members of tins House has been restricted by recent decis-
ions of the Pp&tniaster Geneial, or any of his assistants or
deputies; and whether any, and if bo what, further legisla-
tion is accessary to give effect to the existing laws upon that
subject.
Mr. CHAPMAN offered the following resolu-
tion, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That a select, committee be appointed to inquire
into the tobacco trade of the United .States with the4 different
countries of' Kurope, and the duties and restrictions imposed
upon tins branch of American commerce, and to repoit by
bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. CRISFIELD,
Rpiolrrd, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads inquire into the expediency ot establishing a post route
from Prnice>< Anne,, in Somerset eountv, Maryland, by
Kingston, to Jeft'cison Cot ner, in said county.
I On motion of Mr. CHAPMAN,
j Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce he instructed
I to inquire into the expediency of building a light-house on
! Blciekstone'fc Island, in the Potomac liver.
| Mr. STROHM moved the following preamble
; and resolutions, which were read and laid over un-
der the rule:
Whereas it is extiemely desirable that the peaceful rela-
tions heietofoie subsisting between the United States of
Amencuand the Republic of Mexico should he restoied, as
soon as the difficulties between the two countries can bead
justed, upon principles of common ]ustice and m confoinnty
to the laws of nations; and whereas experience has demon-
strated that the conquest of armies, the capture of cities, and
the occupation of temtory in the enemy's countiy are inad-
equate to accomplish the great object which the peace-lov-
ing citizens of both countries so ardently desire; and where-
as, in the opinion of many, the cheapest, easiest, speediest,
and most effectual way of procuring an honorable and per-
manent peace would be to withdraw our armies from the
territory of Mexico and propose commissioners to negotiate
a treaty; and whereas it is the .duty of Congress to make
ample provision for the security, pay, subsistence,and coin-
fort of the brave men who now compose our armies in
Mexico, and who have so gallantly defended the flag of their
country: Therefore, be it
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
directed to make and report to this House an estimate of the
amount of money that may be necessary to withdraw our
troops now in Mexico to some point or points Within our
own undisputed territory, discharge' and send home the
volunteers, and sustain the regular army during the ensuing
year.
Resolved, That if, in the opinion of the Secretary of War,
the safety of the army, in carrying out the policy above in-
dicated, should it be adopted, will requiic an additional
number of men, either by filling up deficiencies in existing
regiments of by new levies, ho shall report the number of
men and the character of the troops which he may deem
necessary, together with an estimate of the cost of raising,
transporting, and subsisting such additional troops for one
year, or for such period as he may judge that their services
may be required, less than one year.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, of Maryland,
Resolved, That the pay of John P. Gaines, a member of
this House, be allowed from the first day of the session, he
having been prevented, from unavoidable causes, from
reaching Washington, on his passage from Mexico, until
some days thereafter.
On motion of Mr. POLLOCK,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency ot extending
the provisions of the act of Congress of June 7th, 1832,
(granting pensions, &e.,) to the officers and soldiers, &e.,
who served during the Indian campaign-* under Generals
Clarke, St. Clair, Harmai, and Wayne ; also, to the olhceis
and soldiers of the late war with Great Bntain, not other-
wise provided for.
On motion of Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL,
Resolved, Tliat the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to niquiie into the expediency ofrepeahngso much
of the 30th section ot the act of Congress ot 1789, (Septem-
ber *24,) to establish the judicial courts of the United States,
a? authonze-i the taking of depositions without notice to the
adverse party; and of extending the privilege of American
vessels to all foreign vessels transferred by judicial sales,
under the order of a court of competent jurisdiction, to a
citizen of the United States; and of providing a place of
deposit tor the bond of clerks of courts of the United States;
and of abolishing custom house oaths; and of prohibiting
execution of criminals m public; and ot altering the hold-
ing of the circuit court of the United States for the southern
district of New York; and of regulating costs in courts of
admiralty; and of so modifying the judiciary system of the
United States as to facilitate the despatch of business, with-
out impairing the rigor and wisdom of the administration of
justice.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL offered the following
resolution, which was read and laid over under
the rule:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to report to tins House on what articles, emblaccd in the
tariff act of 184G, the duties can he increased beyond the
existing lates so as to augment the revenue, and to what ex-
tent the said duties can be increased, and what additional
levcnue would at erne thcrefioni.
Mr. POLLOCK asked leave to offer a second
resolution; to which
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, objected, on the
ground that Mr. P. had already offered a resolu-
tion.
Mr. POLLOCK moved to suspend the rules, to
enable him to move the resolution.
The question was put on suspending the rules,
and it was disagreed to.
On motion of Mr. STRONG,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of establishing a na-
tional foundry m the city of Reading, county of Berks, and
State of Pennsylvania.
On motion of Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL,
Resolved, That the Committee on Ways and Means in-
quire and icpoit to this IIou>.e whether it would not increase
the comnifiee between Prance and the United States, the
duties from imports in the United States, and the advantage
ot both countries, tq reduce the piesent Ameiican duties on
French wines, biandies, silks, jewels, and other French
productions taxed as luxuries; and whether the said French
productions should not be treated as necessary to enable
Fiance to pay for a greater than her present puiehaso of
American cotton, rice, piovisions, tobacco, and other Ameri-
can productions. \
Mr. LEVIN offered a resolution authorizing
the Sergeant-at-Arms to employ a clerk at a stated
salary.
Mr. L. moved the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that the reso-
lution be laid upon the table.
After some inquiries and points of order, the
resolution was withdrawn.
A PROPOSITION TO EXPUNGE.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, offered the
following; resolution:
Resolved That the word* of the "amendment" oftered
and adopted by the House to the resolution of thanks to
Major General Taylor, on the 3d day of January, 18-18, con-
