344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 14,
taming the words, « that the war [meaning with Mexico]
was unnecessarily and unconstitutionally begun by the Presi-
dent " is untrue m tact, and calculated to prevent a peace
with' Mexico on the basis of indemnity, and shoultj be ex-
punged from the Journal, and that the Speaker cause the
same to be expuuged' from the Journal ot the House on the
passage of this resolution.
Mr. THOMPSON moved the previous question.
Mr. ASHMUN said, as the resolution asserted
what was not a fact, he moved that the resolution
be laid on the table-, and also asked the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay on the tabic.
Mr. GAYLE rose to a question of order;-but,
owing to the confusion in the Hall, his point of
order was not heard by the reporter.
Mr. BURT moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. Negatived.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, at the
suggestion of several members, modified the reso-
lution so as to insert the word "rescind" in place
of the word expunge.
Mr. McKAY rose to a point of order, and was
proceeding to make some lemarks, when
The SPEAKER decided him out of order.
The question was then put on laying the resolu-
tion on the table, and decided in the affirmative, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Q,iuncy Adams, Green
Adams, Ashmun, Bairinger, Barrow, Blatichard, Bolts,
Brady,Buckner, Sutler, Canby, Chapman, Cln.gaian, Cocke,
Collaraer, Conger, Cranston, Crisbeld, Crovvell, Crozier,
Dickey, Dixon, Donnell, Ducr, Daniel Duncan, Garnett
Duncan, Dunn, Eckert, Ed wards, Embree, Aiexandci Evans,
Nathan Evans. FarreDy, Fisher, Flouruoy, Freedley, Fulton,
Games, Gayle, Gentry, (*jddmg«, Goggm, Gott, Gregorv,
Grinnell, Hale, Nathau IC. Hall, James G. Hampton, Moses
Hampton, Haskell, Henry. Blias B. Holmes, John VV. Hous-
ton, Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt, Joseph U. Ingert>oU, Irvin,
John W. Jones, Kellogg, Thomas Butler King, Daniel P.
King, William T.Lawrence, Lincoln, Mclhame, Marsh,
Mai Yin, Moiohead, ftlullin, Nelson, Nes, Newall, outlaw,
Palfrey, Pendleton, Preston, Putnam, Reynolds, Juliu^ Rock-
well, John A. Rockvvcll, Root, Rumsey, St. John, fechenck,
Shepperd, Sheriill, Silvester, Shngerland, Caleb B. Smith,
Truman Smith, Stephen?, Andrew Stewdit, Stiohm, Tdll-
madge, Tluboueauv, Tayloi, Tompkins, John 13. Thompson,
Toombs, Van Dyke, \mton, Warren, White, and Wilson
—105.
jVAYS—Messrs. Bayly, 33ediiiger, Bingham, Birdsall,
Black, Bocock, Bowdon, Bowhii, liovd, Brodhead, William
G.Brown, ChaiiesBiown, Albert6. Blown, Burt, Cathcart,
Cha&c, Clapp, Finnklui Clark, BeveiJv L. Clark, Howell
Cobb, Collin-*, Daniel, Dickin<un, Ed-all, Faian. Fe.itlier-
&ton, Ficklin, Fries, French, Green, WilUud P. Hall, Ham-
mon--, Haralson, Harinanson, Hams, Henley, Hill, George
S.Houston, lngi.', Cha'Je-, J. fngetioll, Ivur-on, Jackson,
Jameson, Jenkins, James H. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,
George W. June*. Kennon, Lalim, La Sdie, Sidney Law-
rence, Leffiei, Lord, LumpKin, IVIcCicilaad, iWcCleruand,
McKay. MeLano, Moade, Miller, Moms, AIorce, Murphy,
Nicoll, Peaske, Peek, Petrie, Peyton, Pnelps, Pillsbury,
Rliett, Richardson, llichey, Rockinll, Sawyei, Simpson,
Sims, Smart, Robert Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Chaiies
E. Stuart, Strong, Thomas, James Thompson, Robert A.
Thompson,William Tliompson.Thurston, Turner, Venable.
Wentworih, Wick, Williams, Wilev, and Wiiinot—94.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
A message was received from the Senate request-
ing the House of Representatives to return to that
body the bill of the Senate "for an increase of the
medical staff of the army for a limited time."
On motion of Mr. HARALSON, the request of
the Senate was complied with, and the said bill
was accordingly returned to the Senate.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, of Pa.,
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be in-
j-tiucted to inquire into the expediency of increasing the
pension or Thomas Thompson, ofPemisylvama.
On motion of Mr. McILVAINE,
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the expediencj of oisamzmg a
ten xtonal government m the Indian country weit of the !
Mississippi, to which the Indians have been removed by
tins Government, and that they icport bv bill or other-
wise.
On motion of Mr. BRADY,
Resohed, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in
stiucted to inquire into the expediency of leporting a bi'l
providing that, in cases where soJdior.-. who have been dis
chaiged from the service of the United States on account of
disease or disability have applied, or may hereafter apply
foi bounty land or treasuiy scrip, under the act of 11th of
Febinaiy, 181/, the discharge *.hall be deemed sufficient
evidence that the disea-e or disability was incurred in the
seivice, unless the contrarj shall appear.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER,
R^olvcd, Thar iht Committee on Military Affairs be in-
ducted to liiqum; into the expediency of establishing a
national fbundryat soon; Miitanie place within the Ilth
Congressional district in the State ot Pennsylvania.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, moved to sus-
pend the rules, to enable him to move to discharge
the Committee of the Whole from the Senate bill
to authorize the payment to James Crutchettofj
#2,000 for lighting the Capitol and Capitol grounds.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 85, noes 47,
two-thirds not voting in favor thereof.
Mr. NEWALL offered the following preamble
and resolution, which were read and agreed to:
Whereas the late Hon. Samuel G. Wright, member elect
to the 29th Congiess from the second Congressional district
of New Jersey, died' previous to the first session ot that body,
and his death notheietofoie announced : Therefore—
Resolved, That .the Clerk of this Hou<e be directed to
cause a monument to be erected to his memory in the Con-
gressional burymg-ground, and to transmit a copy of this
i esoluuon to the family of the deceased.
REFUNDING OF MONEYS BY THE STATES.
Mr. MURPHY offered the following preamble
and resolution, which were agreed to :
Whereas, by an act entitled 11 An act to regulate the de-
posits of the public money," approved June 23, 183o. the
suiplus in the Tieasury of'the United States on the I-t of
January, 1837, reserving five millions of dollars, wa« direct-
ed to he deposited by the Secretary of the T pasury with
the seve ral States on receiving certificates ot deposits rhei eof
signed by Uieir treasurers, or other competent authorities,
and expressing the usual and legal obligations, and pledging
the faith of the State for the safe-keeping and repayment
thereof, and for paying the said moneys and every part there-
ot from time to time, whenever the sameshould be required
by thy Secretary of the Treasury for defra> ing any wants of
the public tieasuty; in pursuance of which act, the sum of
$28,101,644 91 was* deposited with the several States:
And whereas, the moneys so deposited aie required for
the purpose of defraying the want-sot the public treasury,
and sound policy dictates the propriety of avoiding a large
public debt, which otherwise must accrue : Therefore,
j Be xb Resolved, Thfit it be referred to the Committee of
; Ways and Means to inquire into the expediency of requi-
ring the Secretary of the Treasury to call for the repayment
of the moneys of the United States deposited with the
States, aeeoidmsr to the pledged faith of the State?, in the
manner designated by the said act of June 23, 1836.
INCREASE OF DUTY ON IRON.
Mr. KELLOGG offered the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of increasing the
duty on bar, bloom, pig, and manufactured iron, imported
from foreign countries into this, and that they report by bill
or otherwise.
Mr. BINGHAM moved that the resolution be
•laid upon the table; on which motion the yeas and
nays were ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS gave notice, that if the mo-
tion to lay on the table did not prevail, he would
debate the resolution.
Before the question on laying on the table was
put—
Mr. DUER moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. Agreed to.
THE LOAN BILL AND THE WAR.
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of theWhole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Botts, of Virginia, in the chair,) and proceeded to
the consideration of the bill authorizing a loan not
exceeding $18,500,000.
Mr. DtTER (who was entitled to the floor from
some days since) addressed the committee. Some
time ago, (he said,) when the House had under
consideration the message of the President, he had
desired to say something with respect to one of the
subjects therein adverted to—the engrossing topic
at this time. He was not so fortunate at that time
as fo obtain the floor. He supposed what he had
then desired to say would be in order now; but he
did not desire to fatigue the House by going over
beaten ground on the subject of the war. Many
truths Had been said, and well said, and he could
not hope, by anything he could say, to give them
additional force. Therefore, with reference to some
points, he would entirely omit their consideration,
and of others he would content himself with merely
stating his opinions generally, without entering into
details.
It seemed unquestionable that the origin of this
war was the annexation of Texas. To say it led
to the war, was a weak and exceptionable expres-
sion. Annexation was war. It was unnecessary
to refer to Grotius, Vattel, or any other writers on
international law to sustain this position. It was
capable of being made plain to the commonest un-
derstanding; it was of the nature of an axiomatic
truth. It was not denied that when Texas was
annexed, Texas and Mexico were at war. What,
then, became of that war? "Why, unless the an-
nexation of Texas produced peace, (which was
absurd,) the war followed the annexation: we an-
nexed Texas, and the war with her. Her separate
independence being gone, and she being annexed
to us, the war continued with us.
There was another proper share of responsibili-
ty for this war which should be attached to the 1
j original authors of annexation. A distinguished
| gentleman, a year ago, claimed to be the author of
1 the annexation of Texas; that whatever praise or
, blame attached to that measure was due to him.
! He (Mr. D.). referred to the gentleman by whom
! principally the negotiations were conducted. The
! principle on which that gentleman justified the
1 measure of the annexation of Texas was a justifi-
i cation (if well founded) of the President of the
, United States in the prosecution of the war at this
j time. What was the principle? We were not
| left to conjecture it. It was of record; we found it
in the printed documents which were then laid be-
fore the Senate. Mr. Calhoun laid it down as a
: fundamental principle—antagonistic to the British
policy, frankly avowed by the British minister,
that that Government, where it c.onld do so with-
. out impropriety, sought throughout the world the
, abolition of slavery—that the Government of this
I country claimed the right to interfere for the pur-
pose of preventing the abolition ofslaveiy through-
out the world, wherever Us abolition would be
injurious to the institution in this country; and it
was one of his propositions that, wherever any
foreign State borders on a slaveholding State of
this Union, it is unsafe to permit such foreign State
to be a free State. He [Mr. Calhoun] held that
the institution of slavery was a philanthropical in-
stitution, a humane institution; that the effect of it
was to preserve the colored race from idiocy, from
insanity, from pauperism, and the like evils. It
followed unquestionably (said Mr. D.) from these
principles, if well-founded, that the measure of
annexation was justifiable. If so, if Mr. Calhoun
was justifiable in going to war with Mexico for
the purpose of more firmly establishing slavery in
'Texas, then the President of the United States was
justifiable in further prosecuting this war for the
purpose of establishing slavery in Mexico; for
Mexico now bordered on a slaveholding State, and
it was as much the duty of this Government to
protect this institution in Texas as it was in Lou-
isiana or Arkansas. Nor did the principle stop
there. We must go onward, and onward, con-
quering, annexing, and introducing slavery into all
our sister republics, until we shall have spread all
over the American continent.
He made these remarks in no invidious spirit
towards the distinguished statesman by whom
these negotiations were conducted. But he thought
it due to justice and to the Whig party, who were
opposed m the main to the measure from which
the whole evil had grown, that the truth should
be said. But, further; he had no idea that Mr.
Calhoun wished orintended actual war with Mex-
ico; that Mr. Calhoun wished orintended to ex-
tend the war into Mexico. He believed, in that
respect, that that distinguished gentleman was illo-
gical; that he did not look in the face the conse-
quences which naturally flowed from his own
measure. Hebelieved him [Mr. Calhoun] a friend
of peace; that his error here had arisen from that
cause from which most of his errors had arisen—
from that fanaticism (and he used the word in no
invidious sense, for there existed a fanaticism at
the South as well as at the North on the subject
of slavery) which caused him to think that slavery
was at the foundation of everything excellent in
government. His great error was this. If he could
have remained where he was—and where perhaps
he was too honest to remain—war might not have
followed; but he ran an immense, and, as the result
had proved, a fatal hazard. Pie placed this ques-
tion in the hands of gentlemen who were not actu-
ated by pure motives, who were not averse to war,
if by war their own designs or those of their party
could be carried out; and the consequence was
war.
But the majority of the House of Representa-
tives, and he, as one of that majority, had voted
at this session that the war was " unnecessarily
and unconstitutionally commenced by the Presi-
dent of the United States." The gentleman from
Georgia, who spoke some days ago, [Mr. Cobb,]
went into an elaborate argument to convict the-
Whigs of inconsistency who had previously ex-
pressed sentiments similar to those which he now
expressed, and who at this session had voted that
the war was commenced by the President. Now
perhaps he (Mr. D.) was rash and foolish in vol-
untarily exposing himself to this charge of incon-
sistency; but he thought the two positions were
consistent, and both true. He thought that one
source of difficulty with the gentleman from Geor-
