846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 14,
States at the present session of Congress. He cer-
tainly did not mean to charge that high functionary
with deliberately saying what was untrue, but he
charged that the fact alleged was untrue and false.
He referred to facts, to the records of this House,
winch showed it to be false, and that the Whig
party, with almost entire unanimity, voted against
the preamble upon a distinct vote; and because
they voted for the bill with the preamble forced
into it, rather than refuse supplies for the army in
peril, it was said they voted for the preamble! The
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Rhett] him-
self explained it. He was one of those who voted
against the preamble, and afterwards for the bill;
that those who voted for the bill looked to the
essence of the measure; that instant succors were
believed to be necessary, and he voted for succors
in spite of the false preamble attached to the bill.
The preamble was declared upon solemn vote in
this House, by the gentleman from South Carolina,
and by the whole Whig party, with one or two
exceptions, to be false. Every man here knew it;
the country knew it; it was notorious that the
Whig party never intended to sav, and did not in
fact say, that war was commenced by the act of
Mexico.
He would now allude to another mode in which
gentlemen on the other side "aided and comforted"
Mexico, by telling her that there is a Mexican
party in this country. What did the President of
the United States tell us in his message at the com-
mencement of the last session of Congress; That
the individuals who maintain that the soil on which
the first battle was fought was not the soil of the
United States, give "aid and comfort" to the en-
emy. Did he simply mean that that was the indi-
rect effect of using such language, and therefore
that great prudence should be used? He (Mr. D.)
did not think this was what he meant. The Pres-
ident used the technical words which defined the
crime of high treason m the Constitution of the
United States. He, n lawyer, an adroit partisan,
uses this language, and addresses it to the repre-
sentatives of those whom the recent elections have
demonstrated to be more than half the people of
the United States! Never was more falsehood and
more insult coupled together than in that message,
if that was meant; and it was evident that it was
meant—that it was intended by innuendo to insin-
uate what elsewhere had been directly said, that
those who maintain this position are moral traitors,
and deserve the punishment affixed to treason.
Now, when the Mexicans found the President
of the United States saying that half or more of
the people of this country think the war unjust—
that they are Mexicans at heart,—were they not
likely, coming from that source, to give the decla-
ration credit? It is what you have said in Con-
gress, (said Mr. D.,) what you are daily saying
in your public presses; it is what your own Chief
Magistrate has said: these are the sources from
which the Mexicans have imbibed the idea that
there are Mexicans in this country. He would
not stop to notice that charge, coming from the
President of the United States, 01- from whatever
source. The man, however exalted his position,
who lowered himself to use calumnies of that de-
scription, was too low to deserve his notice. Trai-
tors to our country! The Whig party traitors!
Who believes it? I should disdain to use such
charges against my opponents. There may be a
solitary traitor, but traitors in this country are
rare.
He wished briefly to notice another feature in
the management of this war, and that was, that all
the honors and emoluments of this war, which
were placed at the disposal of the President, had,
with perhaps a few exceptions, from the be inninf
of the war, been conferred on the partisans of him
who had recently declared himself the President of
the country, not of a party. Now, he asked, was
this just? Who fought our battles ? Were there
riot Whigs there as well as Democrats? Whose
treasure was poured forth m this war? Did they
tax Democrats alone? Would the burden of this
debt which the Administration was rolling up rest on
the children of Democrats alone, and not upon the
children of Whigs? Why, then, while the Whigs
equally shared these burdens, should their oppo-
nents take all the honors to themselves? And if,
in spite of this, we vote you supplies—if ihe Whigs
volunteer to fight your battles, and provide for the
widows and orphans of those who fall in battle,
and for making which they certainly are not re-
sponsible, instead of receiving any credit for it,
they are continually taunted with inconsistency by
those who had commenced, and were prosecuting
the war, for their own selfish partisan purposes.
It may be inconsistent in a Whig, thinking as
Whigs usually do, to volunteer to fight its battles
so long as it is an aggressive war, a war of inva-
sion. It may be that Hardin erred, and Lincoln
erred; it may be that it was an error that young
Clay's gallant spirit sought immortality; butifso,
it was an error of that sort that immortalizes the
men who commit it; an error like that of Brutus
when he slew the tyrant of his country; like that
of Virginius when, to save his daughter fiom dis-
honor, he plunged a dagger into her bosom. Is it
generous in you Democrats, under such circum-
stances, to taunt us with inconsistency in this war,
commenced and prosecuted by you for partisan
purposes; in this war in which you have reaped
all the honors and emoluments, but in which we
equajly share the burdens; in this war in which
you have sought to disgrace even the gallant gen-
erals who have won all its victories because they
are Whigs ? And .when the Whigs, under such
circumstances, vote supplies and offer up their
lives in defence of their country, and are met only
by taunts and reproaches, do you properly appre-
ciate their patriotism ? And how have you treated
the generals in this war? How have you " aided
and comforted" the Mexicans? You have court-
martialed now one of the generals, who has won a
series of the most brilliant victories recorded in
history. True, the other general—you have thank-
ed him^oifft a proviso. Was such a mode of thank-
ing a victorious general ever dreamed of before?
It seems the latest invention of "progressive De-
mocracy !" If General Taylor deserves censure,
why, censure him; but do not treat him like a sick
child—giving him physic mixed up with a little
sweetening.
Leaving now the personal motives which had
influence in the conduct of this war, he would
refer to another mode of its prosecution. Under
what head to place it he was somewhat at a loss;
he thought it might come under the domestic head;
that it might proceed from objects to be accom-
plished here, not in Mexico. When hostilities
broke out, there was in exile from Mexico, that
man, who, of all the Mexicans, had the most influ-
ence over his countrymen; a man of high talent;
j their ablest general, and no mean general; tile only
man, who, although subject to all those mutations
to which all men were subject in the Spanish-
American States, alone seemed able permanently
to retain power and influence. This man was in
exile. The first thing we heard was, that this
exiled general had passed through our blockading
squadron, and been received in Mexico; that he
had raised an army as if by magic, and from that
day to this the obstinate resistance offered by the
Mexicans, and most of the American blood which
had flowed, may be traced to the presence of Santa
Anna in Mexico. Shortly after this, a suspicion
got abroad, incredible though it was, and too mon-
strous almost for belief, and gathered strength, that
Santa Anna entered Mexico with the knowledge
and consent of the President of the United States!
it finally assumed the form of a direct charge, and
the very pass was published by which it was said
Santa Anna was admitted. Well, this was denied,
j peremptorily denied, and the pass alleged to be a
i forgery; but before long, the President of the Uni-
; ted States was obliged to acknowledge that with
his connivance Santa Anna entered Mexico, and
i this war has been conducted on the part of the
; Mexicans. True, the copy first published was not
! an exact one; it was signed by James K. Polk,
1 instead of Mr. Bancroft, who it now appeared
I signed it by order of the President; who was now
j rewarded—whether for that service he could not
j say—with the mission to Great Britain. This
j pass was short, and being a document of import-
j ance, from which consequences so momentous had
flown, he would ask permission to read it to the
committee:
["PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL.]
" U. S. Navy Department, May 13, IS46.
" Commodore : If Santa Anna endeavors to enter the
Mexican port, you will allow him to pass freely.
" Respectfully, your-.
" CEOltOE BANCROFT.
"Commodore David Connfr,
" Commantling Home Squcttlron."
This was the missive with which Santa Anna
passed through the American fleet. With this
talisman hanging around his neck, he raised the
army which caused the gullies of Buena Vista to
flow with the blood of our countrymen. By vir-
tue of this same bloody scroll, he poured death
into our ranks from the heights of Cerro Gordo;
and at Contreras, and Churubusco, and Molino
del Rey, and along the avenues to the city of Mex-
ico, he strewed the fields and blocked the roads with
the dead bodies of our brave soldiers. If these
lines were written in the American blood they
have caused to flow, the fatal characters would
swell to gigantic proportions, and, Colossus-like,
might bestride your Capitol; and if all the tears of
widows and orphans that have the same source
were poured out in the valley beneath, a sea would
rise that would surmount the " White House,"
and bury in its waves James K. Polk and all his
wicked advisers.
This was not all; it was but part of the history
of the conduct of the Administration in that war.
At the time Santa Anna, under a power of attorney
from the President of the United States, as his
"private and confidential" agent, was raising an
army to overwhelm General Taylor, at that very
time the President of the United States was direct-
ing General Scott to withdraw from Taylor the
greater part of his victorious forces. At the same
time that he was giving Mexico a general, he was
withdrawing from our own general the greater part
of his victorious forces. It reminded him (Mr.
D.) of that passage of scripture where Delilah cuts
off Samson's hair, and then shouts in his ears,
"the Philistines be upon thee, Samson." Now,
he would not charge or believe that it was any part
of the design or wish of the President of the Uni-
ted States that General Taylor should be defeated
and his gallant army annihilated. This suspicion
was too monstrous! But he did suspect and be-
lieve that a main motive at the bottom or this
movement on the part of the President was, that
he thought a retreat somewhat inglorious might be
not useless discipline to one who was becoming
too dangerous a rival. We cannot penetrate into
the breasts of men and read their secret motives,
but we have a right to judge of their motives as
plainly indicated by their actions. He believed
from the opening of the war that one of the Presi-
dent's motives had been that he, as the hero of this
war, might have his ambitious aspirings gratified
by a reelection, and he believed it now to be one of
the motives of James K. Polk.
But let him briefly consider what were the ob-
jects of the President of the United States and his
partisans in the present prosecution of this war, as
far as Mexico was concerned. The President de-
clared in his message last year, and repeated it this
year, that in the commencement and prosecution
of the war, his object was " peace," and is now
" peace." He would not call in question the sin-
cerity of the President; he would not imitate, in
that respect, his own bad example. Doubtless he
was a very sincere man; but he was unfortunate
in this, that his acts were the reverse of his inten-
tions. He believed him as sincere now as when
he professed his conversion to the principles of a
protective tariff" in the Kane letter, or afterwards,
when he went for the whole of Oregon up to 54 40.
But. how had the President sought peace? Why,
in time of profound tranquillity, he ordersour army
to invade the soil of Mexico to " conquer a peace."
That was the beginning. Our victorious arms
penetrate into the interior, and capture Monterey.
The general in command enters into an armistice
with a view of opening negotiations for peace,
which the Presiden t so much desires; but no sooner
did the Piesident hear of this, than he ordered the
termination of the armistice, and directed the war
to be renewed; and all for the sake of peace 1 Af-
terwaids he sends General Scott into Mexico, and
after a series of brilliant battles, in all which Mex-
ico is defeated, the victorious general finds himself
before the capital of Mexico, which lies at his mercy.
Then again negotiations are opened, and new offers
of peace are made. The Mexicans offer to cede
us, say one-third of their territory, (for he did not
profess to speak with entire exactness,) and this
offer was indignantly rejected by the President,
who all the while is seeking for " peace
What prevented peace from being made at that
time (he asked) by Mr. Trist? What was the real
difficulty? Was it one of territory ? He thought
not, from reading the correspondence. He thought
it was obvious that the Mexicans were willing to
abandon to us all their unoccupied territory; but
