348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 14,
Government. A different avowal has been made.
The President had- told them that he was desirous
to bring the war to a close; he was ready to nego-
tiate a°peace with any power in Mexico able to
effect it. He was ready to go further. After the
regular Government shall have failed to secure a
peace on reasonable terms, he will be ready to
makepeace with any Government he can build up
bv means of the military occupation of the coun-
try, so anxious was the President for peace. And
here two propositions presented themselves. Had
Mexico, in her counter-project to Mr. Trist, offered
fair and reasonable terms of peace, as had been
hinted by some and denied by others? It should
be remembered that the primary object of this war
was to secure the American title to the territory on
the banks of the Rio Grande. But this was dis-
tinctly refused in the Mexican counter-project.
Mexico made it a point of honor to refuse the ac-
knowledgment of our title to that territory, and
thus left the whole question unsettled for which
we engaged in this war. It would be degrading
to us, then, as a nation, to terminate the war on
the terms which Mexico proposed, for it would be
receding from the objects of the war, as announced
by the Executive and by Congress at its com-
mencement.
But there were other terms offered which were
insulting to our Government. It was proposed
that we should not only take the Nueces as our
boundary, but that we should call upon Great Bri-
tain to become our security and guarantee, that un-
der no circumstances will we admit into this Con-
federacy any portion of that which is now Mexico.
Not only this, but future generations were to be
prohibited from deriving any advantage from the
events of the future, and our posterity as well as
ourselves, were to be bound by treaty stipulations,
-which we were to call upon Great Britain to guar-
anty, These, then, were terms which were highly
objectionable. A proposition which required us to
obtain the guarantee of European nations was an
insult to the dignity and honor of this country.
But, besides this, there were other cardinal projects
which were also objectionable. We were called
upon to guaranty the continuance of the Roman
Catholic religion within such limits of our territory
as were heretofore part of Mexican territory. Here
we were called upon to make a stipulation that was
inconsistent with the principles of our Govern-
ment and the genius of our people, and an insult
to every denomination of religion in the country.
Such was the character of the terms which gentle-
men on this floor urged that we should have adopt-
ed, with which we should have been satisfied, and
on which the war should have been concluded.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] in-
sisted" that this war had been waged unnecessarily,
and that therefore it should have been terminated
on the terms offered to Mr. Trist; but if the gen-
tleman from Georgia meant that our Government
should have made a peace on the terms of that
counter-project, he (Mr. Sims) confessed that his
friend from Georgia held in less estimation than he
could have supposed religious freedom, national
independence, and national honor.
He knew the objects for which the war was
commenced were yet unattained, notwithstanding
the vigorous prosecution of the war. The invader
of our territory had been expelled, but he had not
been sufficiently punished to give us security for
the future. Our title to the territory on the Rio
Grande was yet unacknowledged. Indemnity for
the wrongs done to the persons and property of
our citizens was yet unattained. We had been
victorious in every battle, and thus we had brought
upon Mexico condign punishment; but we have
no security for the future. These were the legiti-
mate objects of this war, and the question now
being discussed in this the thirtieth Congress of
the United States of Amcrica was, whether that pol-
icy should be abandoned or carried out? Whether
we shall show the world that we are without firm-
ness of purpose or derelict to our own purpose,
and thus give semblance to the allegations of the
people of European monarchies that there are no
fixed principles in a republic? He knew there
was authority in great names, but the policy of
this Government in this respect would not be
changed at the dictate of great men. Nor would
it be abandoned, unless it should be shown that it
was unwise. A policy to be wise, must be first
just; and, secondly, it must be calculated to effect
the objects intended to be accomplished. And is
our policy just? Looking at the objects which he.
had already enumerated, the justice of our policy
depended, first, on the origin of the war, on its
objects, and on the means used to carry it out.
Of the first point, that which involved the justice
of this war, it was not necessary that he should
say anything, for it had been repeatedly discussed
on this floor and before the whole country. On
this point they had the expression of the opinion of
the country coming up from their primary meet-
ings; it was seen, also, in the enthusiasm with
which the ranks of the army were filled when a
call was made for an additional force in the field.
He candidly believed in the justice of the war, and
he felt it was unnecessary to enter upon its vindi-
cation. He knew its opponents had drawn a met-
aphysical distinction between war with Mexico and
this country, and war with Mexico and the Presi-
dentof theTJnited States. That distinction had been
drawn by a distinguished gentleman at the other
end of this Capitol. It has also been drawn at the
close of the remarks of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Duer.] It was admitted by the gen-
tleman opposite that the war was just as between
Mexico and'this country, but unjust as far as con-
cerned the Executive. It would then be insulting
to argue the justice of the war. When Congress
declared this war, it was an expression of opinion
on the part of Congress that the war was just and
necessary. It had been urged by some of those
gentlemen who voted for the recognition of the
war, that it was forced upon them by a species of
legislative duresse. Such was the condition of
General Taylor on the Rio Grande, they say, that
they were anxious to furnish him with prompt aid;
but by a species of legislative duresse they were
compelled to recognize the war, or leave General
Taylor and his army without succor, the two ques-
tions having been made indivisible by the then ma-
jority in Congress. Now, that might be some ex-
cuse for those gentlemen at both ends of the Capitol
if that had been the only vote; but what should be
said of the subsequent votes of money in which
both parties in this House and in the other parti-
cipated' Supplies of both men and money were
furnished during the last session of the 29th Con-
gress—supplies granted for what the gentleman
now called a war of invasion. Now. if the war was
unjust and unnecessary, was not the grant of the
supplies by those gentlemen immoral? If the war
was just and necessary, their votes were justified.
Those gentlemen, therefore, who believe the war
was unjust and unconstitutionally commenced,
who yet vote supplies to carry it on, fall under the
reprehension of those writers who declare that a
war must be just and necessary to justify a nation
that engages in it. If this war was neither just
nor necessary, after voting the supplies for the re-
lief of General Taylor, it became gentlemen who
entertained that view to refuse all future supplies;
they should refuse to give a dollar and to furnish
a man for the prosecution of a war that they be-
lieve to be both unjust and unnecessary.
But he found that he had but little time remain-
ing, and he should hasten on to touch other top-
ics. He should omit all argument that would go
to show the justice of the war, and come to the
justice of the objects and policy of the war.
Amongst these were, in the first place, the estab-
lishment of our boundary, and indemnity for the
injuries which our people have sustained from
Mexico. It would not be necessary to urge any
arguments to show the justice of this portion of our
policy. The only point, then, to which he asked
attention, was in reference to the measures to carry
out a vigorous prosecution of this war, which
were necessary to the attainment of the end in
view. These were the expenses of the war—mil-
itary contributions, by which the burdens of the
war were thrown on Mexico—and the acquisition
of new territory to constitute a sufficient indem-
nity. On a previous occasion, he had stated his
views of the duty of Congress in respect to the
expenses of the war ; and he should now for a
moment notice the other proposition, as to the right
and duty of the President, as commander-in-chief,
to levy military contributions on the enemy.
On this point he quoted from Vattel, justifying
military contributions as humane, because it saved
the property of the inhabitants of the country from
pillage. Such was the law of nations; but doubts
had been expressed whether the President had the
right to resort to that course which the law of na-
tions sanctioned without the authority of an act of
Congress. It would be remembered that Congress
primarily was concerned in a declaration of war,
and that there were three powers connected there-
with, viz: " to declare war, grant letters of marque
' and reprisal, and make rules concerning captures
' on land and water." Military contributions did
not as a consequence fall within either of the last
two powers; they were part of the declaration of
war and of the means by which the war was to be
waged. But fortunately, on this subject they were
not left without authority. He admitted that the
adjudication of captures required an act of Con-
gress; but as to military contributions, he was not
aware that the question had ever been distinctly
made in our courts. There was, however, a pas-
J sage by Judge Story which goes to vindicate the
! President, and sustain the position for which he
| was contending. [Mr. S. read the extract refer*
| red to, and then continued.] It sufficiently ap-
I peared, then, that the policy of our Government
was vindicated in this particular branch of the
means for the prosecution of the war.
There was one remark which he wished to make
| as to another branch of the policy of this Govern-
ment in terminating this war, and he wished to ask
whether it was just and proper towards us and to-
wards Mexico. Complaint had been made that it
was the intention of the President to build up a
Government in Mexico. Well, suppose that should
be the ultimate policy of the President in attaining
peaceful relations, would it be wrong in principle
i or unusual in practice? Did not the allied Pow-
ers of Europe, when Louis XVIII. was restored
| to the throne of France, and Napoleon was ex-
pelled, stipulate that they should hold that country
for five years to give stability to the Government?
And was not France to pay the expense of that
military occupation? The right of the Allies, with
whom Great Britain cooperated, was founded in
the necessity of the case. It was deemed neces-
sary for future security. The allied Powers went
so far as to debate the propriety of blotting out the
nationality of France for their future security. It
was admitted that this policy should not be lightly
adopted; but, rather than that a war should be
prosecuted eternally, the right to blot out a na-
tion's nationality might be resorted to, otherwise
war might be perpetually waged, or until one bel-
ligerent had extinguished the other. It was a pol-
icy which was justified on the ground that self-
protection required it on the one hand, and that
humanity and mercy demanded it on the other. It
! was only in such an event that it should beresort-
I ed to; and it was in that view that the President
had alluded to it as the ultimate means of attaining
peace. This practice of European nations had not
been frequent; but it was enough to show that it
was not incompatible with the law of nations that
such a course should be adopted.
One or two words in relation to the latter branch
of the argument. Was this policy, if carried out,
likely to attain our object—the securing of a peace ?
The objections to this policy are twofold. Some
contend that it will more than carry out our policy,
and involve us in consequences from which it will
be well to save ourselves, by a national abandon-
ment, and the withdrawal of our troops from that
country. Another objection was, that it will not
secure peace; that it would require a constant
prosecution of the war; and that it would expose
us to the danger of being entangled with European
nations. He would make but one or two remarks
in relation to these objections. One class of ob-
jectors required that our army should be entirely
withdrawn, so as to acquire no territory. An-
other class of objectors say, take territory, and
withdraw and defend that. Now, the first answer
he should make would apply to both of these classes
of objectors. It was this: that whether we with-
drew our army to a line of territory to be claimed
as indemnity, or entirely withdrew to the limits of
the United States, there was still a state of war
between this country and Mexico; peace was not
restored, and war, with all its horrors and burdens,
was still to be prosecuted; whereas, by a vigorous
prosecution of the war now, Mexico would be
driven to embrace such terms as will restore ami-
cable relations.
The Chairman'shammer announced the expira-
tion of the gentleman's hour, and the floor was
awarded to Mr. Crozier.
The committee rose and reported progress; and
then
The House adjourned.
