1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
349
The following members compose the select com-
mittee on the petition of the children of Eli Whit-
ney, the inventor of the cotton-gin, viz:
Messrs. Johnson of Arkansas, J. R. Ingersoll,
Dok'xell, Woodward, Chapman, Lumpkin, Pal-
fret, Bowdon, and Dixon.
The select committee appointed on so much of
the annual message of the President as recommends
that provision be made for the families of those
who have fallen or died in the military service of
the United States in Mexico, is composed of the
following members, viz:
Messrs. Outlaw, Haskell, Wilmot, Gaines,
Richardson, Fulton,Lord, Abbott,andTHOMP-
son of Iowa.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 14, 1848.
Mr. BERRIEN presented the credentials of the
Hon. Herschell V. Johnson, appointed by the
Governor of the State of Georgia a Senator of the
United States, to fill the vacancy occasioned by the
resignation of the Hon. Walter T. Colquitt.
Mr. JOHNSON, having taken the oath prescrib-
ed by law, took his seat in the Senate.
petitions.
Mr. BADGER presented the memorial of Mrs.
M. Rodgers, widow of Commodore John Rodgers,
of the United States navy, deceased, praying pay-
ment for double rations due her late husband as
senior officer of the navy; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented additional docu-
ments in relation to the claim of George Poindex-
ter ; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. MILLER presented the memorial of the
executors and heirs of John Rogers, deceased,
praying bounty land and half-pay; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CORWIN presented a memorial of the Ohio
Yearly Meeting of Friends, held at Salem, praying
for an immediate termination ofthe war with Mex-
ico; which -was ordered to be printed.
Also, a petition of citizens ot Stark county, Ohio,
and a petition of citizens of Monroe county, Michi-
gan, praying for a speedy termination ot the war
with Mexico, by withdrawing our troops within
the limits of our own toiritory, and then settling
the point in dispute by negotiation or reference;
which were referred to the Committeo on Foreign
Relations.
Also,a memorial of citizens of Muskingum coun-
ty, Ohio, remonstrating against the prosecution of
the Mexican war for the purpose of conquest, or
forcing Mexico to sell any part of her territory to
the United States; which wu.s referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Also, the petition of Joseph Newell, asking to
be allowed to change the location of a section of
land granted him under an Indian treaty; which
was referred to the Committee on Piivate Land
Claims.
Mr. SEVIER presented the memorial of the
Mayor and Common Council of the city of Fort
Smith, praying the division of the district of Ar-
kansas into two judicial districts, and the location
of the seat of justice for the western division at
that place; which was referred to the Committee
Ott the Judiciary,
Also, the petition of H. B. Gaither, praying
compensation for services as clerk to the Superin-
tendent of Indian Affairs west of Arkansas; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of Sarah Ten
Eyck, executrix of Conrad Ten Kyclc, deceased,
late marshal of the United States for the district of
Michigan, praying the payment of a balance due
him by the Government; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. N1LES presented the petition of Reuben M.
Gibbs, a pensioner of the United States, praying
to be allowed arrears of pension; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the memorial of Charles Larrabee, a pen-
sioner of the United States, prayings to be allowed
an increase and arrears of pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of Asahel Kingsley, a revolu
tionary soldier, praying to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented a petition of cer-
tain citizens of Florida, praying the establishment
of a mail route from Alaqua, in Florida, to'Geneva,
in Alabama. Also, a petition of citizens of Flori-
da, praying the establishment of a mail route from
Ucheeanna to Milton, in that State; which were
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. WESTCOTT observed, in offering these
petitions, that the people of West Florida had for
some time past complained of the mail arrangements
there as a nuisance; and if a remedy was not pro-
vided, they would prefer its being abated to con-
tinuing as at present.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented the petition of
the American Colonization Society, praying reim-
bursement of the expenses incurred by that society
for the support of a number of Africans captured
by a United Slates -vessel of war from on board a
slave-ship, and landed at Monrovia, in Liberia;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. BAGBY presented the memorial of Peter
Raudon, repiesentative of John Raudon, deceased,
praying indemnity for property destroyed during
the Creek Indian hostilities; which was referred to
the Committee on lncfian Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented the peti-
tion of Samuel F. Butterworth, praying compen-
sation for services in carrying the mail; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
On motion of Mr. BAGBY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of James il. Causten, assignee
of Colonel H. Hogan, on the tiles of the Seiute, be leterred
to the Committee on Indian Aflairs.
CHRIST CHURCH BURIAL GROUND.
Mr. GREENE, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the me-
morial of the Vestry of Washington Parish, report-
ed a bill to authorize the sale of part of public
reservation numbered thirteen in the city of Wash-
ington, and for other purposes; which was read
and passed to the second reading.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. DOWNS asked and
obtained leave to bring in a bill to amend an act
entitled " An act to provide for the punishment of
offences committed in cutting, destroying, or re-
moving live oak and other timber or trees reserved
for naval purposes," approved 2d March, 1831;
which was read the first and second times by unan-
imous consent, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
The following message was received fronn the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Campbell, their
Clerk .■
Mr. piuisidknt: lam dureted by the Ilnusf of Repiesent-
atjves to return to the Senate at their request the hi!] enti-
tled " An act tor an increase oi the medical btatl ot the army
for a hunted time."
Tlu-.Spcak.i ofthe I lout-c of Representative*, having sign-
ed Mindry enrolled bills, 1 am directed todeliverthein to the
Senate lor the signature of its President.
INCREASE OF THE MEP1CAL STAFF.
Mr. BADGER moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the bill for an increase of the med-
ical staff of the army, for a limited time, had been
passed.
The motion was postponed until to-morrow.
mu. Dickinson's resolutions,
Mr. YULEE moved a postponement of the
prior orders, in order to take up tlie resolutions
submitted on the 14th of December by Mr. Dick-
inson, and that his resolutions, offered on the 12th
of January as a substitute for those submitted by
Mr. Dickinson, might be considered.
Mr. POOTE objected. He regarded the bill
now before the Senate as one of vital importance,
and expressed his decided opposition to engaging
in tRe consideration of any other subject which
might encroach upon the time allotted to the spe-
cial order. He was not at all disposed to give
way to a wordy debate, which would trench upon
the great measure now before the Senate, and be,
perhaps, of mischievous tendency.
Mr. YULEE replied, that he would be very
sorry if what he had to say on this subject should
be regarded as mischievous in its tendency. It
was his purpose to discuss, upon its constitutional
merits, a question which had not been introduced
by him on that floor, but which was introduced
by an honorable Senator from one of the most im-
portant States in the Union, and which was fully
discussed by him during the morning hour. Hav-
ing presented a substitute for the resolutions sub-
mitted by that gentleman, lis had felt himself en-
titled to ask the indulgence of the Senate for an
opportunity of stating the grouiids on which these
resolutions rested. It was during the' morning
hour that the proposition of the Senator from New
York was discussed, and it wasduringthe morning
hour that he (Mr. Y.) solicited a like indulgence
from the Senate.
Mr. FOOTE would not urge his objection, as
assurance had now been at least impliedly given,
that the discussion of the bili before the Senate
would not be interfered with, by allowing t"he Sen-
ator from Florida to present his views oil his prop-
osition. But his conscience and sense of duty
could not p*mit him to consent to the introduc-
tion of any matter which was likely to impede, in
the slightest degree, the progress of the debate on
the great subject to which he alluded.
Mr. DOWNS also objected to the introduction
of the resolutions of the Senator from Florida at
this time. It was not probable that the discussion
on them could be avoided, as there was a differ-
ence of opinion in regard to them, even on the -
part of Senators from the South. Still, he was
anxious to have the question discussed, and would
be very happy to hear the discussion, when the
Senate was less occupied than at present.
Mr. YULEE said that after he had spoken, a
day could be fixed for the consideration of his res-
olutions.
Mr. DOWNS remarked, that in that case no
opportunity of reply would be afforded to gentle-
men who might be disposed to differ from the
Senator from Florida.
Mr. TURNEY said that if the resolutions were
taken up only during the morning hour, so as not
to interfere with the discussion of the special
order, he had no objection; if, on the other hand,
the special order was trenched upon, he must re-
fuse the discussion solicited by the honorable
Senator from Florida,
Mr. CASS suggested a postponement of the
resolutions till after the special order had been dis-
posed of by the Senate. It was not a matter of
pressing importance that the sentiments of the
gentleman from F16ridaon this subject should be
expressed to-day. For himself, he would hear
the gentleman with great pleasure; but it did seem
to him to be in every way most expedient to defer
the consideration of his resolutions, and avoid any
interruption of the debate on the special order, on
which it was highly important to obtain speedy
action.
Mr. BADGER begged to submit, with great
respect to the honorable chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, that the application thus
made by the Senator from Florida stood on pecu-
liar grounds. Agreeing fully with that gentleman
in the general position that nothing should be done
by which the discussion of the special order should
be encroached upon, yet he reminded him that the
Senate had permitted the honorable Senator from
New York to occupy a portion of the morning hour
in remarks on the resolutions submitted by him
for which those of the Senator from Florida were
proposed as a substitute. That was regretted by
him at the time, as he regarded it as a precedent
leading to encroachments on the tim6 allotted for
particular business. But in these circumstances it
did, after all, appear to be due to the Senator from
Florida that he should be indulged in a like oppor-
tunity of expressing- his views, deferring the fur-
ther discussion of the subject till after the special
order had been disposed of by the Senate.
Mr. FOOTE said he disliked to occupy the time
of the Senate, but it was important to make a re-
mark in reply to the Senator from North Carolina.
That gentleman had declared in one breath that
when the Senate allowed the Senator from New
York to discuss his resolutions, he condemned the
act—he disapproved of it—he felt at the time that
it was a bad precedent, likely to lead to serious
interference with the regular business of the Sen-
ate, and yet, now he urged the Senate to do the
very same thing. Why? On the ground of
courtesy, forsooth, to the Senator from Florida.
It appeared, then, that they were to do wrong that
some good in the way of courtesy might come
from it—to do what the Senator from North Caro-
lina himself admitted to be improper, and had con-
demned at the time—to persevere in doing evil m
order to avoid wounding the sensibility of a Sena-
tor ! Now, the great question was, what did the
country demand at their hands? Were they to
permit themselves  
