1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
351
to peace, and this is the party most friendly to us,
because the presence of our forces assures them
tranquillity. It was true, the conquest of all Mex-
ico would not be consistent with the avowed objects
of the war, for these were peace, and indemnity
for the past and security for the future. But the
Senator from South Carolina regarded conquest as
foreign to the spirit and genius of our institutions.
But ne (Mr. B,) did not so regard it. He thought
that, as the Constitution had given to Congress
the power to make war, we must be guided by our
discretion as to the use of it.
He contended that no danger could result to our
institutions from the admission of the Mexicans
to an equality with us, and to a political associa-
tion. Were we to exclude men from the blessings
of free institutions, merely because of a difference
in the color of the skin? The Mexicans are wil-
ling to give up their nationality in exchange for
our free institutions; and he hoped to see, or that
his children would see, the extension of these in-
stitutions from one end of this continent to the
other. He wished to know if Senators on the
other side would give their consent to any act by
which Texas should be given up. The enemies
of free institutions were to be found in large cities;
they were not to be found in the broad prairies of
the West.
Without going much into the financial question,
he did not feel that dread of a public debt which
some experienced. He calculated that the increase
of our territory would cause such an increase of
our commerce, that we may expect a revenue of
more than a hundred millions, which would enable
us to extinguish any debt created by our efforts to
conquer Mexico. We should have the control of
the commerce of the world. Our country would
be the money market of the world. Mexico her-
self might be made to produce one hundred millions
annually. In the hands of ourentcrprising citizens,
she would be made productive beyond the most
sanguine calculations which could be made. He
was, therefore, disposed to prosecutc the war with
vigor, until the whole of the Mexican territory
should be subjugated.
- Mr. B. having concluded,
On motion of Mr. UPHAM,
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
Executive business; and, after some time spent
therein, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 15, 1848.
The Journal yf yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. KAUFMAN" moved the usual resolution to
terminate all debate in Committee of the Whole,
on the bill to authorize a loan not exceeding
$18,500,000, on Wednesday next, at two o'clock,
p. m.
Mr. K. moved the previous question.
Mr. ROOT moved to lay the resolution on the
table.
The question was decidcd in the negative—yeas
81, nays 105, as follows :
YEAS—Mt'hsrn. Abbott, John Uuincy Adams, Giecn Ad-
am-i, Ashman, H.tiringoi, 15.mow, lM.meh.ird, liotts, lJuidy,
C.ih. Jl, Cantn, Ch.tpm.m, Conger, Cuui.ston, Crovvell, Cio-
Siicr, Djvoii, DonncM, Daniel Duncan, Dnnn, lOckert, Kil-
Wdiuh, Nathan l'Varw, Fisher, Freedley, Gayle, Gentry, Colt,
Greeny, Gunnel], Jlale, Nathan K. lJ.ill, James G. Hamp-
ton, Jiam|itou, ila-kell, Elias |}. Holmes, IJnhbaid,
Hudson, Hunt, Kellogg, Thomas B. King, Daiml 1*. King,
William T. Lawrence, Lincoln, Mellvatne, Mar^h. Mai vin,
Mulhn, NeUon, Nes, Outlaw, r.ilfrev, Pendleton, Pollock,
Pre.-ton, Putnam, ltu}nolds, Julius Rockwell, John A. Hoc Je-
well, Hoot, Ruin-ey, rft John, Schenek, Shoppeid, Shenill,
Silve-tur, Mnu?erl,tn<l, Caleb B. Smith, Truman Smith,
Stephens, Andrew Stewart, Stiohm, Tallmadge, Thibo-
deaux, Ta>loi, Tompkins, Vinton, Warren, White, and
Wil.-on—SI. '
NAYS—Messrs. Bayly, Bedinger, P in ham, Birdsall,
Black, Bocock, Bowdon, Bo.vd, Bioilhead, Wm. G. Brown,
Chailes Brown, Albert G. Bmwn, Burt, Cathcart, Cha*e,
Franklin Clark. Beverly L. Clark, llowell Cobb, Cocke,
I'oilamcr, Cummnj?., Daniel, l)iekuiM>n, Gainett Duncan,
lJmbrce, Alexander Evans, Faran, Feathcrston, Fickhn,
rioiirnoy, Flies, Kieneh, Fulton, Gogsm, Hummons Haial-
sou, liarinatK-on, Henley, Uemy, iiill, Wac K. Holmes,
Gt;ojge ^ ilou-ton, inge, Charles J, Inyerooil, Irvin, Jaoic-
soii, Xwne-on, Jcnkin.>, James 11. Johnson, Robei t IV. John-
son, Gcoige W. Jones, John W.Jones, Kaufman, Kennon,
Laiim, iia SCre, S. Lawtence, Leffler, Lord, Lumpkin,
Mac-lay, McCiulland, McClerwand, McDowell, McKay, Mc-
Lane, Mann, Meade, Miller, Morns, Morse, Nieoll, Peaslee,
Peck, Petue, Pejton, i'iielpb, Pillsbuiy, Rhett, Richardson,
Itichev, ttocklull, Sawyei, fch.n'*, fcSnmi t, ftobeit Smith, Stan-
ton, Starkweathet, Charles E. Stuait, Thomas, Jas. Thomp-
son, John i>. Thompson, Robert A, Tiiompson, William
Thompson, Thurston, Toombs, Turner, Van Dyke, Venable,
Wentworth, Wick, Williams, Wiley, Wilmot, and Wood-
ward—105.
The demand for the previous question was then
seconded, and the main question ordered to be put
—yeas 104, nays 93, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayly, Bedinger, Bingham, Birdsall,
Black, Bocoek, Bowdon, Boyd, Brodhead, William G.
Brown, Charles Brown, Albert G. Brown, Burt, Cathcart,
Chase, Clapp, Franklin Clark, Beverly L. Clark, Howell
Cobb, Cocke, Cummins, Daniel, Dickinson, Garnelt Dun-
can, Edsall, Faran, Farrelly, Featherston, Fieklin, Flour-
noy, Fries, French, Fulton,Goggin,Green,WiHard P. Hall,
Hammond, Haralson, Harmanson, Harris, Henley, Hill,
George S. Houston, Inge, Charles J. Ingersoll, Irvm, Jack-
son, Jameson, Jenkins, James H. Johnson, Robert W. John-
son, George W. Jones, John W. Jones, Kaufman, Kennon,
Lahm, La S6re, Sidney Lawrence, Leffler, Lord, Lumpkin,
Maclay, McClelland, McCIernand, McKay. McLane, Mann,
Meadu, Miller, Morris, Morse, Nieoll, Pcaslee, Peck, Petrie,
Peyton, Phelps, Pillsbury, Rhett, Richardson, Riohey, Roek-
hill, Sawyer,Simpson,Sims, Smart, Robert Smith, Stanton,
Starkweather, Charles E. Stuart, Stiong, Thomas, Jam^s
Thompson, R. A. Thompson, William Thompson, Thurs-
ton, Toombs, Tinner, Venable, Wentworth, Wick, Wil-
liams, Wiley, and Wilmot—10-1,
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Quiricy Adams, Green Ad-
amc, Ashmun, Bnrringei, Barrow, Blancbard, Bott«, Brady,
Butler, Cabell, Canbv, Chapman, Collamer, Conger, Crans-
ton, Crowell, Crozier, Dickey, Dixon, Donnell, Ducr,
Daniel Duncan, Dunn, Eekert, Edwards, Embree, Alexan-
der Evan*, Nathan Evans, Fisher, Freedley, Gayle, Gentry,
Giddiogs, Gott, Gregory, Grinnell, Hale, Nathan K. Hall,
James G. Hampton, Moses Hampton, Henry,E. B. Holmes,
John W. Houston, Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt, Kellogg,Thomas
Butler King, Daniel P. King, William T. Lawrence, Lin-
coln, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Marvin, More-head, Mulhn, Nelson,
Nes, Newall, Outlaw, Palfrey, Pendleton, Pollock,-Preston,
Putnam, Reynolds, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell,
Root, Rumsey, St. John, Schenck. Shepperrl, Slmri ill, Sil-
vester, Shngeiland, Caleb B. Smitli, Truman Smith, Ste-
phens, Andrew Stewart, Slrohm, Tallmadge, Thibodeaux,
Taylor, Tompkins, Richard W. Thompson, John B.Thomp-
son, Van Dyke, Vinton, Warren, White, and Wilson—93.
The main question was then put, viz: "Shall
the resolution pass?" It was decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 109, nays 87, as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayly, Bedinser, Bingham, Birdsall,
Black,Bocoek, Bowdon, Bowhn, Boyd, Biodliead, William
G. Bmwu, Charles Biown, Albert G. Brown, Bint, Cathcart,
Chaste, Clapp, B. L. Clark, F. Clark, 11. Cobb, Coeke, Col-
lins. Cumnnn.s, Daniel, Dickinson, Garnelt Duncan, Edt^all,
Einhrce, Alexander Evans, Faian, Fcutheiston, Fickhn,
Flournoy, Fries, French,Pulton, Goggm,Green, WiHard P.
Hall, Hamilton*, HaraUon, Hatmanson, Hiuris, Henley,
Hill, Isaac E. Holmes, Geoige S. Houston, Inge, Charles j.
Ingersoll, Ii vin, lvcr<.on, Jackson, Jameson, Jenkins,'James
II. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George W.Jones, John
W. Jontis, Kaufman, Kennon, La Sere,'"Sidney Lawrence.
j"'*' i' V) jiicuii, x euMue, rucK,reirie, reyton,
Phelps, Pillsbury, Rhett, Richardson, Richey, Rockhill,
Sawyer, Simpson, Snns, Smait, Robert Smith, Stanton,
Starkweather, Charles E Stuart, Strong, Thomas, William
Thompson, Thurston, Toomb«, Turner, Venable, Went
worth, Wick, Wilhamx, Wilw, and Woodwatd—109.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John U. Adams, Green Adams
Ashniun, Barrmger, Bairow, Bott- , Brady, Cabell, Canhi'
Chcipman. ClmKinan, Collam.-r, Coti^ r, Ciiiiisron, Cn^ln Jd'
(-'lowell, Cio/iei, t icke\, Di\on, Donnell, Dnei. D.nnel
Duncan, Dunn, Kdwaids, iVatlrm Evans. Fisher, Fre< dle\,
G'i))e, Gcntty, (iiddiii^-, Goit, (Jiegon , (Jnnnell, Hale, Na-
than K. Hall, James (J. Hampton, Mo cs Hampton, |f(>rir\'
Ehas B. Holmes, John W. Houston, llubbaid Hudson
Hunt, Kelloag, Thomas Butler Kin?, Daniel P. Iun<?, Wm.
T. Lawrence, Lincoln, Mel J vaine, Mai vin,Morehead, Mul-
hn, Nelson, Newall, Outlaw, Palfiey, Pendleton, Pollock,
Preston, Putnam, Reynolds, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rock-
well, Root, Rumsey, St. John, Schenck, Slieinll, Silvester,
Slingeiland, Caleb B. Smith, Truman Smith, Stephen^,
Andievv Stewart, Strohni, Tallmadge, Thibodeaux, Taylor
Tompkins, Richard W. Thompson, John B. Thompson',
Van Dyke, Vinton, Warren, White, and Wilson—87.
THE LOAN BILL AND THE WAR. *
On motion of Mr. STEPHENS, the House then
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of tiie Union, (Mr. Botts, of Virginia,
in the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration
of the bill authorizing a loan not exceeding S18,-
500,000.
Mr. CROZIER, of Tennessee, bein<; entitled to
the floor, said that the bill now before the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, pro-
viding for a loan of eighteen and a half millions of
dollars, was one of a series of important measures
recommended by the President of the United
States. He was not, therefore, surprised, when, a
few days since, his honorable colleague from the
Maury district, [Mr. Thomas,] who was an ardent
supporter of the present Administration, and who
had the honor of having the President of the Uni-
ted States for one of his constituents, addressed the
House, to liear him declare that he was prepared to
vote 011 this measure, together with all the other im-
portant measures under consideration, and which
might be presented to their consideration by the
Indent of the United States, without debate.
Mr. C. had no hesitation in saying that when his
honorable colleague made this declaration he not
only spoke for himself, but expressed the senti-
ments, feelings, and wishes of every member of his
own party; for it was characteristic of all those who
favored the usurpation of Executive power against
the rights of the people, that they were invariably
foes to free discussion. Whether the party who
were friendly to the Administration on this floor
were liable to the charge of favoring usurpation,
certain it was, from what we had seen this ses-
sion and last session, that they had this quality,
that they were opposed to frank, free discussion.
At the last session ofCongress, when thisdominant
party had a large majority in this Hous'e, there
were many remarkable cases where this action took
place; where they stopped debate upon most im-
portant questions, without allowing anything like
an adequate examination of them. But it was not
necessary to go back. At this session we had seen
the same disposition manifested on the same side of
this House, from the commencement of the session
down to this morning. Resolutions had been in-
troduced, from time to time, by members of the
opposite side of this House, for the purpose of
stopping debate on the President's message. Scarce-
ly had it been under consideration three days be-
fore gentlemen commenced to introduce their reso-
lutions to stop the debate. And what was the reason
for this? It was done, as he believed, that they
might go out to the country with the false pretence
that they were anxious to do the business of this
House, and that debate upon this question hin-
dered the progress of the business of the House.
He had no hesitation, from what he had seen of
their action during the present, as well as during
the last session, in concluding that gentlemen on
that side were attempting to make upon the record
of the House proofs to go before the people that
they were anxious to do the business of this coun-
try, and that the Whigs were opposed to it. This
shallow humbug, he told gentlemen, would have
no eilect; it would be swallowed up in the next
canvass, and would never be heard of again. The
reason would be perfectly understood why they
had introduced these resolutions, time after time,
for the purpose of stopping debate.
In the brief time allotted him, he should go back
to the President's message, although gentlemen on -
the other side seemed very sensitive in the discus-
sion of the measures recommended by the Execu-
tive, and now before the country, to the considera-
tion of this House. Some most important meas-
ures were spoken to in this message of the Presi-
dent. It seemed to him his duty to remark on
what he considered a most singular paragraph in
the message. Near its commencement, the Piesi-
dent said :
"On learning that hostilities had been commenced by
Mexico, I promptly communicated that tact, accompanied
with a Miceinet statement of our other causes of complaint
against Mexico, to Confess; and that body, by the act of
J Jtli of May, 1846, declared that, 'by the act of the Republic
of Mexico, a state of war exists between that Government
and the United States.' This actdeclanng ' the war to oxist
by the act of the Republic of Mexico,' and making provision
tor its prosecution 4 to a speedy and successful termination,'
was passed with great unanimity by Congiess, there being
but two negative votes in the Senate, and but fourteen in
the House of Representatives."
Now, it would be remarked by every member
here present, that when the President of the Uni-
ted States, after the bill recognizing the existence
of the war and appropriating- for its prosecution,
was passed, undertook to speak from the record,
he made three quotations from the preamble of the
bill. The President professed to lay before the
people, of the United States the vote of both Houses
of Congress upon the preamble to the war bill; and
how did he represent it? He said there were in
this House but fourteen members voting against
it, and in the Senate there were but two. Let
them turn to the record, and it appeared clcarly
that the President of the United States must have
seen the vote on the preamble as an independent
proposition, which vote came immediately before
the vote on the whole bill, and he could not have
looked at the one without seeing the other. So
far from there being but fourteen members of this
House, as the President falsely represented, who
voted against this preamble, there were sixty-seven
who voted against it, and among them his (Mr.
C.'s)name was found recorded,and also the names
of fourteen Democrats, the friends of the President
of the United States on this floor.
He saw one gentleman [Mr. Sims] in his seat,
whp was a friend of the President of the United
