354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 15,
from his seat, that he had not said the money-
could not be raised, nor intimated anything of the
kind.
Mr. HOUSTON said the argument of the gen-
tleman went to show that that was the fact. If it
were not so, why. did he argue about stock being
below par?
Mr. VINTON here interposed to say that he
never had said that the money could not be raised.
Mr. HOUSTON admitted that the gentleman
had not said so in so many words; but the drift of
his whole argument, and almost of his entire
speech, was to show that such would be the re-
sult. Else why had he argued about the effect of
the panic? Why had he dwelt on the fact that the
six per cent, stock of this Government was below
par ? The gentleman had told the committee that
the result of the bill was " unfortunate," because
every dollar obtained under it would prove an in-
jury to the business of the country to at least the
same amount. According to the gentleman, then,
every dollar obtained on this loan would be a dol-
lar and more deducted from the business and the
prosperity of the country. Now, without under-
taking to reply to this prediction, or showing that
his prophecy was incorrect, he would ask that
gentleman, if he believed what he said, how he
could report such a bill? Was it, then, the object
of the honorable chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means to injure the business and pros-
perity of the country to the amount of sixteen mil-
lions of dollars? Pass this bill, and, according to
the gentleman's own showing, his own bill would
injure the country over sixteen millions of dollars.
And, be it remembered, that this was ([one by the
gentleman's own choice, not in compliance with
any Executive recommendation. The feature of
the bill recommended by the department, for treas-
ury notes, the gentleman struck out; he retained
the sum asked for, but refused the issue of treas-
ury notes—an operation which any man who had
reached to monosyllables in the volume of political
economy could not but know must largely aid and
promote instead of injuring the business and pros-
perity of the country.
But the gentleman had said/urther, that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, after having tried to divorce
the Government from all banks, had turned about
in hot haste and entered into a traffic in Govern-
ment paper far more worthless than the vilest of
bank paper that ever was issued; and referred
back to the treasury notes issued during the war
of 1812 to show it. Now, on this subject of the
issue of treasury notes, he would ask the gentle-
man, in all candor, why he himself had voted for
the very measure which he now denounced with
such harshness? When he was indulging in
so great severity of remark on the principle of
treasury notes, he forgot to apprize the commit-
tee that he had himself sanctioned it by his own
vote. Mr. H. had looked at the record, and he
found such to be the fact. And he was informed
that another gentleman on the same side of the
House, [Mr. Crozier,] who had just taken his
seat, and who had joined in the same bitterness of
remark in reference to the issue of treasury notes,
had in like manner cast his own vote, at the last
Congress, for the issue of twenty-eight millions of
treasury notes. How beautifully consistent! Mr.
H. here would read to the committee a little of the
language of the gentleman on this subject. [Mr.
H. here quoted from the speech of mrvinton.]
He then went on to deny that the Secretary of the
Treasury had in any instance paid a creditor of the
Government in paper money of any kind, unless
such mode of payment was preferred by the cred-
itor. If we could rely in the slightest degree on
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury, if that
functionary was possessed of any voracity at all,
his statement showed, that instead of having dealt
in bank paper, or any other form or species of
paper money, he had only done the very thing
which the gentleman from Ohio had voted that it
was right in him to do. That officer had paid out
nothing but the constitutional currency, (gold and
silver;) yet the gentleman had rated him in the
most unmeasured terms for complying with the
law passed by his own vote. But Mr. H. had a
good deal more to say, and must hasten on.
If the gentleman proposed to reduce the amount
of the loan at the Executive recommendation, why
did he not,'in compliance with the Executive recom-
mendation, retain the treasury note feature in his
bill, and thereby secure the certainty of having
the loan taken? This would have enabled him to
avoid infiicting that terrible injury which he pre-
dicted on the business and prosperity of the coun-
try under his present bill.
But if the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,]
and Mr. H.'s other friends on the other side of the
House, were desirous of fastening responsibility
on the Administration, why, in the name of com-
mon fairness, did they not give the Administration
all they asked for? After taking out of the bill the
leading feature which the Administration had de-
sired to have introduced into it, could they success-
fully charge the failure of the loan, should it fail,
on the Administration? Would they have any
right to make any such charge if they refused its
recommendations? By doing this, would they not
effectually fasten responsibility on themselves?
Most assuredly; nor could the gentleman from
Ohio,, by any ingenuity, shift that responsibility
off his own shoulders and that of his party. Why
had the Committee of Ways- and Means been
changed? But for this change that committee
would have reported such a bill as the minority
of that committee now desired. But its organiza-
tion had been changed, and they had now reported
to the House a bill which the Treasury Department
had not recommended; and the chairman of the
committee was himself the first man to give the
bill a blow. Who would be found willing to take
up the .gentleman's bantling when he spoke of it in
the way he had done? Mr. H. and his friends
did not want to have anything to do with it; and,
though an honorable friend of Mr. H.'s, from
Kentucky, might be willing to support it, yet Mr.
H. did not doubt that he regretted that his chair-
man had deserted him in its support.
But Mr. H. must go on; his time was passing
rapidly, and he must get to the treasury estimates.
He would therefore leave this branch of the sub-
ject, observing only, that in omitting the feature
of treasury notes, the gentleman from Ohio had
assumed a responsibility not to be sought, if not
to be avoided.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means of the House of Representatives exerted,
necessarily, from the position he occupied, an
extraordinary influence over everything connected
with (he fiscal concerns of the country. Indeed,
in this respect, the chairman of that committee
was second to no man in the Government but the
Secretary of the Treasury, and hardly second even
to the Secretary himself. Before a gentleman
placed in such a position inflicted a stab on the
most delicate and vital part of the fiscal operations
of the Government and the country, he ought
certainly to have first matured his plans, and
well weighed every statement he ventured to make.
He should not come before the House, and de-
clare that the Government, instead of sixteen,
would need from twenty to twenty-five millions of
dollars to meet the necessities of the treasury.
This estimate, Mr. H. would say, was a mere
guess. The gentleman had all the estimates of the
treasury before him: why, then, did he not put his
finger on the deficient points in those estimates?
But, instead of doing this, his own estimates left i
a gap as wide at least as the accidental error of 1
one of the clerks in the treasury, of which so
much had been said. And this same mistake
followed the gentleman through all the calcula-
tions he had made. It was the same in regard
to the deficit of 1849 as the deficit of the present
year. Mr. H. did not believe there was a mem-
ber of the House who was capable of reading the
documents that could not make as good a guess as
that. The gentleman gave the Secretary ji hit or
two about the mistakes of his clerks; but said
he presumed that those errors had now all been
corrected. He accused the Secretary of over esti-
mating the receipts of the treasury by five millions
of dollars, and underrating the expenditures by
two millions and a half. The gentleman then
added both these sums to the sixteen millions
asked for by the Government, and said the real
deficit would be twenty-two millions. Now, every
one who knew enough of arithmetic to add two
sums together, would be able to detect an error of
a million of dollars in the result. This alone was
sufficient to show that the gentleman from Ohio
was the very last man who was entitle^ to call the
Secretary to account for errors in his figures.
The gentleman had committed a similar error as
to the debt of the Government. He maintained
that at the end of June, 1849, instead of twenty
and a half millions, it would be thirty-eight mil-
lions and a half of deficiencies for that year.
But Mr. H. would now attempt to speak to the
subject of these estimates. He had thought, a
little while ago, he saw a certain gentleman very
famous in this House and in the country for his
deep knowledge on tariffs, on iron, on labor, and
all that; but he believed he had walked out. He
was very sorry he was gone, as he wanted to say
a word or two to him.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania. I am here:
go ahead.
Mr. HOUSTON. That gentleman had told the
House that the tariff of 1846, in the first year of
its operation, had yielded but twenty-three mil-
lions of revenue. Was that a fair calculation?
Could he intend to convey this idea as a correct
one? The tariff of 1846 had not gone into oper-
ation until December of that year, and therefore '
there had been in that year five months under the
gentleman's own beloved tariff of 1842.
Mr. STEWART. Does the gentleman contra-
dict any one thing that I said?
Mr. HOUSTON said he had not time now to
enter into a tariff discussion with him, but he
would only reply that he did not believe there was
one correct position in the gentleman's speech.
Mr. STEWART. Will you point out one thai
is not?
Mr. HOUSTON said he had already pointed
out one. There was not a man of common sense
in the House who did not know that the tariff of
1846 did not go into operation till five months after
the commencement of the fiscal year on first of
July, 1846.
But he was coming to the estimates; and he
wished to test them only by what was fair and
ri£;ht. He was glad his friend from Kentucky
[Mr. Morehead] was so near him, taking notes,
and would reply with the ability he was known to
possess. Mr. H. would call attention first to the
estimates of the Secretary of the Treasury.
In July, 1846, the Secretary, in reply to a call
of the Senate upon him to state the probable results
of the tariff of 1846, estimated them, for the fiscal
year ending in June, 1847, at $,27,835,000. In
December, 1846, he adopted the estimates he had
made for the year, and estimated the revenue of
the year ending June 30, 1848, at twenty-eight
millions. This was from customs; for it was to
the product of the customs that Mr. H. was now
'confining his remarks. These two years put to-
gether were then estimated to produce an aggregate
of §55,835,000. Now, the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Vinton] charged the Secretary with having
over-estimated the receipts of last year by five mil-
lions of dollars. Mr. H. granted that the estimates
had exceeded the receipts somewhere about four
millions from customs. But he would now look
at the receipts, quarter by quarter, and month by
month, and it would soon be made to appear
when and where the deficiency commenced. The
total receipts for the year, instead of running up to
1 twenty-eight millions, had been but about twenty-
four. But where had the falling off commenced?
Five months of these two years had been spent
under the tariff of 1842, and nineteen under the
tariff of 1846. In actual receipts, those five months
had yielded $7,809,000; the other seven months of
that fiscal year had yielded $15,900,000; in all,
§23,774,000. Now, he put it to the gentleman to
say where had been the falling off—during the first
five months, or during the last seven.? The seven
months had yielded more than double the preceding
five.
Mr. H. said that the amount already received
this year from customs, showed that the total
receipts would be abundantly sufficient to equal
the estimates submitted by the department to Con-
gress. The year ending in June, 1847, had yielded
ntar twenty-four millions. The first half of this
year had produced sixteen millions: those of the
last month (January, 1848) alone were over three
millions. So that the nineteen months (five under
the tariff of '42) had produced, from the customs
alone, a revenue of $43,418,000, leaving only
eleven millions to be made up during the other five
months. During the first week of this February,
the gross receipts had been but a fraction shoit of
a million of dollars. So, if we took this year, as
far as it had gone, there remained but little over
ten millions to be raised, and five months to do it
in. The tariff of 1846 had gone into operation on
the 1st December, 1846. The receipts for twelve
