1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
355
months thereafter had been over thirty-one mil-
lions.
But he might be told, and it, had been said in
debate here, that the receipts during the first few
months under the new-tariff had been unusually
large, because large amounts of goods remained in
warehouse waiting for the reduced duties, which
rushed in like a flood as goon as the law went into
effect. But an examination of facts would show
this argument to be unsound. Mr H. held in his
' hand a table, from which it appealed that on the
day the tariff of 1846 went into effect, (1st Decem-
ber, 1846,) there were in warehouse goods on
which revenue had accrued, but had not been re-
ceived., to the amount of ,455,000. On the 1st of
September 1847, they had amounted to $1,964,000,
and on the 1st November, 1847, to $1,185,000; and
, on the 1st December, 1847, they amounted to $1,-
344,000, only $110,000 less than on the 1st Decem-
ber, 1846. Yet it was pretended that just before
December, 1846, goods to a vast amount had been
held up for the low duties, and as soon as the tariff
went Into operation, they came in at once and
flooded the country! Facts and figures showed
this not to be true An unprecedented amount of
goods lay in the warehouse now, at this very
time. So that the representation on which gentle-
men had so confidently relied was falsified by the
record; and the rise under the tariff of 1846 was
to be attributed to other causes.
Mr. STEWART. Will the gentleman let me
reply ?
Mr.-HOUSTON. No, sir, he could not. He
had shown that the great falling off was not to be
accounted for in the way supposed. Of the five
months under the tariff of 1842, the first three had
produced §6,153,000, the other two had produced
#1,700,000.
The comparative result of the two tariffs might
be tested in another way. The tnrilf of 1846 had
in thirteen months yielded $34,700,000; divide this
by thirteen, and the average would be $2,669,000.
This was much larger than that of the Inst .two
months of the tariff of 1842 taken together. So
that the general average under the present tariff,
instead of falling below the estimates of the Sec-
retary for the year, would exceed them.
The Secretary, in December, 1847, reiistimated
the receipts for the present year at thirty-one mil-
lions. We had the proceeds for seven months,
and there remained only eleven millions to be
supplied by the other five months. Taking the
average of actual receipts, whether by'quarters or
by single months, they warranted a total estimate
of thirty-two millions.
Mr. II. went on to say that here was presented
to view rather a singular speciaclc. Ilero were
the regular official estimates of the Government
openly assailed by the fiscal officer of this House,
arid without a reason given. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. C. I!. Smith] agreed with the gentle-
man from Ohio in charging the Secretary with
overrating the receipts of the treasury, and un-
derrating the expenditures, and by putting them
together, made up a deficit of nine millions. And
as the Seciotary (as they charged) had made a
blunder of nine millions for this year, they argued
that they were warranted in coming to the con-
clusion that lie would not be any nearer the truth
in the next; and so putting down his assumed
blunder for next year, tliey made up the total error.
The gentleman from Indiana set down next year's
error at nine millions. So they agreed to add
eighteen millions before the end of 1849.
How variant was all this from what the Whigs
had told the country when the tariff bill of 1846 was
under discussion. They predicted that the lanff
would yield not more than about twenty millions:
many Whig gentlemen put it down as low as six-
teen millions. They now came in and admitted
it would yield twenty-seven millions. The friends
of that tariff did not accept twenty-seven millions:
the tables now showed a receipt of thirty-one
millions; next year would produce thirty-two mil-
lions; and his own belief was that the amount
would go on increasing to millions more.
And now a word on the public lands, to which
he asked the attention of the gentleman from
Ohio. He had told the committee that the esti-
mates of the Secretary were larger than would be
realized. Mr. H. did not know that the gentle-
man had the estimates before him. The Secre-
tary's estimates from the public lands were for
this year three and a half millions, and for the next
three millions. Now, from the first quarter of the
present year the proceeds had been §896,000, and
for the second $940,000, making a total for the half
year of $1,836,843. Mr. H. thought it likely it
would be for the other half year about two mil-
lions. The total amount would overgo the three
and a half millions which the Secretary had esti-
mated.
Mr. H. wished to say a word in reply to another
point of the gentleman's argument on the sub-
ject of the public lands. He would not willingly
misstate him, and he therefore desired his atten-
tion. Both that gentleman and the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. C. B. Smith] had argued that
the estimate of the Secietaiy was unfounded, be-
cause the proceeds of the land sales were already
pledged for the repayment of the loan effected last
year. Well, taking the argument as these gentle-
men themselves had put it, how stood their account
on the subject of consistency? He (Mr. V.) said
that these public Iaq,ds were solemnly pledged;
and he condemned the President in the strongest
terms for considering the proceeds derived from
them as a part of the general revenue. The gen-
tleman's language on this point had been very
strong, [Here Mr. H. quoted from Mr. Yin-
ton's speech.] Now, would the gentleman who
spoke,in this lofty strain about keeping public
pledges inviolate tell the committee whether he«
himself had considered this pledge as inviolate?
Had not that gentleman himself voted to impair
the pledge at the last session? The gentleman
could argue eloquently now against the violation
of pledges; but when it was known that that gen-
tleman had himself voted to violate this pledge
of the public lands, by giving bounty lands to the i
soldiers, how much weight would his lecturing the
House be likely to have on the conscience of its
members? He asked the gentleman whether he
had not voted for the bounty hinds?
Mr. VINTON rose to reply 
But Mr. HOUSTON said he could not yield up
any part of his time, which was now almost gone.
The Journals were here, and he affirmed that the
gentleman did vote in the affirmative.
The gentleman foresaw an " unfortunate result"
from the passage of this loan bill. Yes, it was
likely to prove as unfortunate for him as his vote
to hypothecate treasury notes for specie, and then
charge it as an offence that the Secretary had
done that very thing. The gentleman was him-
self the first to destroy the sanctity of the pledge
of these lands, and now he charged the same
thing as a heinous offence on the part of the Presi-
dent and Secretary of the Treasury. But how
could they do otherwise than they hud done when
acting under that vote of the 1 louse? The bill
granting the lands to the soldiers had passed the
House by almost a unanimous vote, but some
eighteen voting against it. Now, if the House vio-
lated its pledge, how could they expect the Presi-
dent and Secretary to insist on preserving it? The
House had taken the lead, and by its own action
had indicated lo the Executive what it thought
right in the premises.
'Mr. H. next adverted to what Mr. Vinton had
said about the amount of the public debt at the end
of the year 1849. He made it for this year seven-
ty-three millions, and at the end of next it would
be one hundred and twelve millions. In remark-
ing upon this, he charged Mr. V. with charging
improperly seven millions, and at the same time
refusing to credit three millions on the other side
of the account—the sum designed to be kept in the
treasury.
The gentleman said we must not touch the rev-
enue from the public lands, because it was under
pledge for last year's loan. If so, what did he
do with the two millions from the public lands
after paying the interest on last year's loan? He
says it must not go into the treasury as reve-
nue : then where must it go? To extinguish last
year's loan: well, and ought he then to refuse to
give credit on that loan for these two millions?
Did the gentleman propose to pocket this money'
What was to become of it ? God only knew what
he meant to do with it. And, after all, what dif-
ference did it make whether the money went into
the treasury as general revenue, out'of which last
year's loan must eventually be paid, or reserved
as a sacred fund to pay that loan ? It was as broad
as it was long. If it went to the loan of last year,
did it not extinguish so much of the public debt
due this year? The gentleman eould find noes-
cape, but must admit that he had fallen, into an
error in failing to give credit for the §2,000,0p0. _
The gentleman attempted to argue from the festi- ,
mates of the War Department that there was an
under-estimate by the Secretary of the expendi-
tures. But he would call his attention to the let-
ter from the Quartermaster's Department, which
showed the reason of the deficit on the subject of
soldiers' clothing, and which he refused' to have
read. The gentleman had not told the committee
that there were more troops to be clothed this year
than last, and that there had been a great increase
of charges for transportation also; If new supplies
of troops should not be sent, the charges under this
head would be much diminished. Then it should be
remembered that we had mounted more men than
had at first been estimated for. The gentleman
had not said a word about the charge for heavy
transportation as a reason for the increased ex-
penditures, or the rise in the price of rations, bread-
stuffs, and supplies of all kinds.
The gentleman had said that thie Secretary
required the Quartermaster General to reduce his
estimates for his department: Mr. H. denied that
statement. He (Mr. Vinton) said the committee
were left in darkness as to the reason of the reduc-
tion; while the Quartermaster General had fully
stated to the Committee of Ways and Means 
Here the much-dreaded hammer knocked; and
the gentleman from Alabama sank into his seat,
exclaiming, "No matter—I'll write and print
it I"
Mr. HUDSON, of Massachusetts, next obtained
the floor. Ho said that the present condition of
our country is well calculated to fill the mind
with the most serious apprehensions. We are,
said he, in the midst of a war—a war which a ma-
jority of this House have declared to be "unneces-
sarily and unconstitutionally commenced by the
Executive." War in itself is at all times a great
calamity: but when it is commenced without just
cause, and is prosecuted for the unholy purpose of
conquest, it becomes a crime of the deepest dye.
Such, I am persuaded, is the character of the war
in which we are now engaged. It has already
sent to a premature grave many thousands of our
citizens, involved us in a heavy national debt,
filled our people with a thirst for conquest, degraded
us in the eyes of every civilized nation, and brough t
us to a point where the consummation of our am-
bitious designs may prove the prelude of internal
dissensions more to be dreaded than foreign war
itself.
I shall not, at this time, Mr. Chairman, attempt
an examination of the causes of this unnatural,
and, as I believe, iniquitous war. This has been
done, and ably done, by others. After the repeat-
ed exhibitions of the facts in the case, the question
can hardly be considered an open one. It has
been demonstrated again and again that the Texas
we annexed was revolutionary Texas, and hence
that her boundary was marked by the sword; that
she never extended her jurisdiction beyond the
immediate valley of the Nueces; that her claim to
the Rio Grande was invalid, and that the resolu-
tions of annexation regarded it as such, and re-
served to the United States the right of settling the
boundary with Mexico; that Mexico had a cus-
tom-house at Santa Fe and at Brazos Santiago,
both upon the left bank of the Rio Grande, where
our merchants and traders had long been in the
habit of paying duties to the Mexican Govern-
ment; that two days after the passage of the reso-
lutions of annexation, Congress passed an act in
relation to drawbacks, which recognized Santa Fe
by name as a Mexican city, and that nine months
subsequently, the Secretary of the Treasury in-
foimed the House that this act allowing drawbacks
on foreign exports to Santa Fe, in Mexico, had
gone into effect, and was beginning to produce the
most happy results; that we had a consul residing
at Santa Fe, when our army was ordered into the
country; that Mexico had not only civil but mili-
tary possession on the left bank of the Rio Grande;
that the Executive apprized General Taylor of that
fact, and directed him not to disturb those perma-
nent establishments, nor to interfere with the laws,
religion, or usages of the people; in a -word, that
the whole valley of the Rio Grande, whether on
the right or left bank of that river, was Mexican—
a Mexican population, speaking the Mexican lan-
guage, with Mexican laws, Mexican customs,
Mexican jurisdiction—as purely Mexican as the
city of Mexico itself. These facts are fully sus-
