360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 15,
treasury for the year ending the 1st of July last,
and the under-estimates of expenditures for the
same year, referring to various incidental and ne-
cessarily unforeseen causes, such as the unusual
importations of specie in exchange for our exports
of breadstnffs, the large appropriations made by
Congress, unforeseen at its commencement, the
impossibility of estimating with entire precision
the expenses requisite to sustain an army upon a
theatre of operations a thousand miles distant.
He next adverted to the fact, which Mr. V. had
considered singularly unfortunate, that the Secre-
tary had not last winter asked for a loan of forty
millions of dollars instead of twenty-three millions,
as the whole amount he [Mr. V.] considered might
easily have been negotiated then, when the money
market was much more easy than now. He dif- 
fered with the gentleman on the matter of fact,
maintaining that we had no evidence that the mo-
ney could then have been raised more easily, and
that the fact relied on, that $50,000,000 were offer-
ed for the loan of $23,000,000, did not justly war-
rant such an inference, as in many cases the differ-
ent bids, which were principally made by brokers,
were made on the faith of the same capital in the
hands of capitalists.
In reference to Mr. Vixton's strictures upon the
estimates of expenditures for the present year as
under-estimates, he said that the gentleman had
only specified the estimates for the (Quartermaster
General's Department, and he argued that, even if
they were actually increased above the estimates,
our receipts of revenue from Mexico would be
probably more than sufficient to supply the defi-
ciency. The system of the collection of duties m
the ports of Mexico had been denounced as a
scheme of plunder, but he held it to be a perfectly
legitimate exercise of power on the part of a con-
quering nation, and said there was reason to be-
lieve, that if the schemc were properly followed
out, with returning order and an increase of trade
in that countey, we should receive a much larger
revenue from customs thereimposed than had been
anticipated by many. He had seen statements of
the revenues of that country as high as $12,000,000,
and we had now all that country in our posses-
sio^forall practical purposes, and could control
its revenues.
He next proceeded to argue from the actual re*
ceipts for the fir&t two quarters of the present fiscal
year, and of the month of January and some days
in February, as well as from other data, that the !
Secretary's estimate of $31,000,000 revenue from
imports during the present fiscal year was reliable
as far as any estimate could be.
He also estimated that we might rely on the
amount put down by the Secretary from the pub-
lic lands this year, and expressed the opinion that
the bounty land warrants to our soldiers wrould
not diminish that source of revenue, as the defi-
ciency of receipts which might otherwise be occa-
sioned by the issue of these warrants, he estimated
would be made up by the demand for lands of the
vast and constantly increasing emigration to this
country. He maintained, (as was understood by
the reporter,) in reply to the objection that the
proceeds of the sales of the lands could not be
relied on as a source of revenue to meet present
wants, having been specifically pledged by the
loan bill of last session to meet the principal and
interest of that loan, that they would answer both
the purpose of this pledge and constitute the sur-
plus which it was always necessary to retain on
hand in the treasury.
He would not say more on this subject. He
believed the Government could get along and
would get along through the present fiscal year
with the loan of $16,000,000 asked for, if given
in proper form. Neither would he follow the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
in his ingenious and gloomy speculations as to the
state of the finance^ and the difficulty of raising
means to meet the anticipated deficiency in the
revenues for the next fiscal year. He considered
these speculations out of place Oil a bill proposing
a loan for the present year; such gloomy fore-
bodings would ill encourage capitalists to make
those loans which were necessary: moreover, many
causes might intervene to change materially the
state of the finances before Congress was called
upon to act upon the loan for lo49. We might
be on the eve of peace; we might then be in the
receipt of much larger revenues from Mexico.
"Sufficient unto the day was the evil thereof."
Let them nowadevote their best energies to provid-
ing for raising this loan of $16,000,000 on the
most favorable terms, and let the future take care
of itself.
In defence of the substitute of the minority of
the Committee of Ways and Means, reported by
Mr. McKay, proposing the issue of treasury notes,
he referred to the proviso—which he considered a
very important one, and one which, in his judg-
ment, was calculated to remove the apprehensions'
entertained on the other side, that, by this issue of
treasury notes, a government bank and a govern-
ment paper currency were to be established—that
the amount of notes outstanding at any time under
this act, together with all the issues under previous
acts, should not exceed $20,000,000. On the 9th
of Februaty, he said theie were $19,500,000 of
treasury notes outstanding; so that the amount
under this substitute could only be increased by
$500,000, and the evils, if any, of the* issue of
treasury notes had already been encountered.
But it might be asked, how, then, will this sub-
stitute afford relief to the treasury, if under it only
$500,000 additional treasury notes could be out-
standing ? He replied, that the treasury notes were
being constantly and gradually absorbed by being
funded, and this substitute would authorize the
issue of treasury notes for every dollar thus fund-
ed. He considered the fact of the funding process
now going on at the late of over a million a month,
at six per cent., in a tight state of the money mar-
ket, and when money in other investments was
bringing ten per cent., gratifying evidence that the
creditof the Government was considered good, and
a presage that when further offered, either in the
form of treasury notes or of a loan, as proposed
by the majority of the Committee of Ways and
Means, it would not yet be tarnished.
Mr. DUER inquired if he was to understand
his colleague to predict that the loan would be
taken at par?
Mr. N1COLL replied, he believed it would, on
the plan presented by the minority of the com-
mittee, and he hoped it would on the other plan,
though he and those with whom he acted could
not be held responsible for its success.
He next proceeded to vindicate the proposed
plan of relief to the treasury by the issue of treas-
ury notes, as the best and most convenient way
the Government could possibly negotiate a loan;
as, while limited to a certain fixed amount, which
would be absorbed by accruing revenues, not par-
taking of the character of a currency or circulating
medium; as affoiding a convenient medium of ex-
changes, and means for temporary investment,
which was always sought by large amounts of cap-
ital in the cities; and he argued that the loan might
be negotiated in this way without occasioning a
pressure on the money market by being sent abroad
(as in the case of the Croton water loan of New
York city) into the country, beyond the reach of
i speculators, to the moderate capitalists; for, al-
| though within the last sixty days there had been
a pressure on the money market on the Atlantic
! coast, he apprehended it did not extend to any
j considerable degree into the interior. He also
| pointed out other advantages of treasury notes
over a simple loan.
Speaking alone for himself, and not intending to
involve gentlemen with whom he acted m any
manner in the responsibility of this position, he
expressed the opinion* that additional revenues
ought to be provided. It was an unheard-of ex-
ample that a foreign war should be carried on for
two or three years and not a single additional dol-
lar of revenue be called for by way of taxation,
lie believed this an error, and that the recommend-
ation of the Executive to impose a temporary tax
on tea and coffee should be agreed to. His own
views were in favor of the eventual substitution of
direct taxes in lieu of any tax on imports; but at
present the country was not prepared for it as a 1
sole and exclusive system. Moreover, we wanted
the money now. It could be raised immediately
upon tea and coffee, under our existing revenue
system, with scarcely a dollar additional expense.
It was true, a tax on tea and coffee was unequal;
but so was all taxation unequal and an evil He
was willing that such a temporary tax should be
laid to meet present emergencies, with the under-
standing that our whole system of taxation was to '
be revived, and the question to be made whether i
we should continue to go on in this indirect way \
of collecting taxes, or whether we should come hon- 1
estly forward and let the people feel that taxation
is an evil, and induce them to look jealously and
carefully into all the expenditures of the Govern-
ment.
Now, let him ask his friend, the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, what his side of
the House proposed. If his views of the financial
exigencies of the Government were correct, it was
the duty of the majority of the House to come
forward with a scheme to meet it. Or would they-
fold their arms and say to the Government, we
will force you to abandon your free-trade policy?
The responsibility was with them, and not with the
minority of the House. The Administration and
its friends had presented and matured a system of
revenue, which had worked beyond the most
sanguine anticipations formed of it; which had
produced prosperity to the country, and increased^
the revenues of the treasury. He saw, m all the""
proceedings of the party opposed to the Adminis-
tration, under the mask of exaggerated statements
of expenditures, high protection stalking forth:
the battle on that question would have to be fought
over again before the close of the session. Were
gentlemen on the other side prepared to meet them
1 on that issueThe friends of the Administration
were ready to meet them upon it. As between the
protective system and free trade, he would go for
direct taxes. He believed the country would sus-
tain hirn and others in these views of the war and
of meeting its expenditures. It was the only
honest course.
[Mr. N. dealt largely in statistics in substan-
tiating his positions, and made other points which
are necessarily omitted in this hasty sketch of his
remarks. A full report of Mr. N.'s speech will
be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. MOREHEAD next obtained the floor, and
moved that the committee rise. Disagreed to;
Ayes 50, noes 55.
A quorum not voting, the CHAIRMAN or-
dered the Clerk to call the roll, as required by the
126th rule, for the purpose of reporting the names
of the absentees to the House, to be entered on the
Journal.
The roil having been called, the committee rose,
and the Chairman reported the names of the ab-
sentees.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved a call of the House.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, at ten min-
utes after .six o'clock, moved that the House ad-
journ; which motion was decided in the affirma-
tive: Yeas 62, nays 59.
And the House accordingly adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following memorials and petitions were
presented under the rule, and referred:
By Mr. BOWLIN: The petition of Solomon Davis, and
sixty other citizens of Oregon count}', Missouu, praying a
change of the entry of a small tract of land which, by mis-
take, was located upon barren hills, entirely unfit for"cum-
vauon or any other purpose, instead of ins home, which lie
designed to outer.
By Mr. GIDDIiYGS : The petition of John Brtunaid, and
146 citizens of Cleveland. Ohio, piaying a change in the sys-
tem of disposing of the public lands. Also, the petition of
Horace Ensign, and 439 citizens of Madison, Ohio, praying
the abolition of the slave trade in the District of Columbia.
Also, the petition of S.G. Clarke, and thirty-six other citizens
of Ohio, praying a reduction of postage.
By Mr. HAMPTON, of Pennsylvania: Tworetnonstiances
numerously signed by citizens of Alleghany county, Penn-
sylvania, against the farther extension of Wood's patent.
By Mr. GRI\NELL. The petition of William Mitchell
and others, of Nantucket, for a light-house, to be placed on
the southeasterly part of the island of Sankoty Head.
By Mr. NiSWALL : The petition of Abigail Stafford, for
a pension for services of her husband in the revolutionaiy
war.
By Mr. NICOLL: The remonstrance of the Mutual Safe-
ty Insurance Company, the General Mutual Insurance Com-
pany, the Atlantic Mutual Insurance Company, and otaer
insurance companies of the city of New York, and of Wet-
moie & Cryder, and other merchants of &aid city, against
a repeal of the act of Congress ox" March a, 1837, regulating
pilot®. Also, the petition of the Atlantic Mutual Insutance
Company, and other marine insurance companies in the <- ty
of New York, Woodhull &. Minturn, N. & G. Griswold,
Cary & Co., Howland & A>pin\vall, Grinnell, Minturn Sc.
Co., and others of the city of New York, for a light house
on Sankoty Head, on the eastern portion of the island of
Nantucket.
By Mr. BUTLER: The petition of citizens of Pennsyl-
vania, tor the establishment of a po%t route from Providence,
in Luzerne county, to the Milfoid and Owego turnpike.
By Mr. JENKINS: Sundry petitions from faimers and
others m the State of New York, against the renewal of
Wood's patent for making ploughs.
By Mr ROCKHILL: The petition of Jolin B. Ruly and
one hundred and fifty others, praying an equalization of the
rates of postage on newspapers. Also, the petition of C.
F. Melshsimer and eighty-one other citizens of Wells and
