1848.
Tip CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
861
Allen counties, Indiana, praying that a post route maybe
established from Bluffton, in Wells county, to Fort Wayne,
in Alien county.
By Mr. TWEEDY: The petition of JohnN. Brazie and
fifty-one others, praying for the establishment of a mail
route from South port, Wisconsin, via Pleasant Prairie,
Walkcr's-Prairie, Noxon's Corners,Liberty, Village of Wil-
mot, English Prairie, to Richmond, Illinois. Also, the pe-
tition of O. JE. Hall and seventy-nine others, for the same
object.
By Mr. WHITE: The papers in the case of Captain John
Perciv.il, of the United States navy, praying for the allow-
ance of money paid for a naturalist on board the frigate Con-
stitution.
By Mr. BRADY: A remonstrance of members of the Le-
gislature of Pennsylvania, against the renewal of the patent
of Jethro Wood.
By Mr. G VINES: The petition, of the heirs of J. Mount-
joy. AUo, the petition of C. Orendorff.
By Mr. WENTWORTH : The petition of sundry citizens
of Will and Iroquois counties, in Illinois, for a mail route
from Wilmington, via Horse Creek, Andrew Yates's farm,
the Hawkins Settlement, Thomas Sammon'a farm, ana
Sprang Creek, to Middieport. Also, from citizens of La Salle
county, for a mail route from La Salle, via Troy Grove,
Ovid, Dewey's Mills, Lafayette Grove, Kelly's Mills, Still-
man, and Hishwaukie, to Rockford. Also, for a mail route
from Ottawa, via Norway, Newark, and Oswego, to Naper-
ville. Also, the petition of sundiy citizens of Chicago, for
the graduation of newspaper postage, according to the dis-
tances travelled.
By Mr. STRONG: The petition of Peter S. Lutz, and 43
other citizens ot Berks county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the establishment of a post road from Rehrersburg, Berks
county, to Jonestown, Lebanon county, in the Stale of Penn-
sylvania.
By Mr. CHAPMAN: The memorial of W. A. Bradley and
others, citizens of the District ol Columbia, asking for a char-
ter for a steamboat company. #
By Mr. HAMPTON, of Pennsylvania; The repoitand
memorial of the Boaid of Tiade of the city of Wheeling, on
the subject of steamboat explosions on the western water*.
By Mr. FARRELLY : Remonstrances of certain citizens
of Franklin, Venango county, of Newcastle, Mercer county,
and of Conneautville, in Crawford county, Pennsylvania,
against any fuithcr exten>ion of Wood's patent.
ByMr. PHELPS: The petition of Silas Silvr rand others,
citizens of Lafayette county, Missouri, praying the reduction
of postage on n'jwf-papers.
By Mr. WILLIAMS: The petition of Robert Ramsay, for
a pension.
By Mr. JONES, of Georgia: The petition and papers of
Wesley Leake, relating to his claim tor a horse and gun
pressed into the service duiing the late Seminole wai.
By Mr. TURNER: The petition of William Sampson and
90 others, praying for a mail route from Peru to Como and
Mount Carroll, tn the State of Illinois. Also, the petition
of John Irvine and 192 others, praying for same loute. Also,
the petition of Edward Olmstead and 227 others, praying for
an extension of the mail route from Blooming to Galosburg,
to Knoxvilh', in the State of Illinois. Also, the petition of
David Pratt and U7 others, praying for a mail route from
La Salle to Rockford, in the State of Illinois.
By Mr. LA SERE: The memorial of Peleg B. Phelps, of
the city of Lafayette, asking tor additional compensation as
fcurveyoi and inspector of the revenue for the port of the
city of Lafayette, Louisiana. Also, the memorial of Lewis
B. Willis, late of the city of New Orleans, and late paymas-
ter in the aimy, pruning l'or the payment of a balance due
luni.
By Mr. HM \RT: The petition of Samuel Fieice and 53
other-', of Reuben Leadbettei and M other?.', of Moses Mills
and 33 other.*-, of Ui iaifmven, Mauu\ inking that said town
he annexed to the Belfast collection distiict. Also, the pe-
titions- of Benjamin Beverage and 111 others, of North Haven,
and Joseph Boiudman and 83 others, of l'lesborough, Maine,
asking to be annexed to the same district.
By Mr. PUTNAM : The petition of inhabitants of Orange
county, Vermont, asking reduction of postage on newspa-
pers, and particularly on small papers designed for juvenile
reading. Also, a remonstrance ot J. R. Smith and 225
others, of the county of Genesee, New York, against a re-
vival of the patent granted to Jethro Wood foi a cast-iron
plough.
By Mr. TWCRDY: The petition and accompanying pa-
pers of Joseph R. Brown, of Fort Snellmg, Wisconsin, play-
ing indemnity for expends incurred in consequence ot the
arrest and surrender to United States officers of certain In-
dian offenders.
By Mr. EDWARDS: The petition of Captain Zantzinger,
of the United States navy. Also, tiie petition of Jane Parker,
widow ot Southcy Parker.
By Mr. BRADY: The petition of citizens of Cumberland
county, Pennsylvania, praying tor an increase in the com.
pension to ordnance sergeants. Also, the petition of citi-
zens of Franklin county, Pennsylvania, praying for the adop-
tion of such measures by Congress as shall bring the present
war with Mexico to an immediate close.
ByMr. HAMPTON, of Pennsylvania: The petition of the
citizens ot the borough of Lawrenceville, m the county of
Alleghany, Pennsylvania, for the passage of a law to place
the ordnance men of the United States army on the same
footing as other soldiers of the regular army, so far as bounty
land and pensions are concerned.
By Mr. PIIGLPS: The petition of David Mock, sen.,and
others, of Lafayette county, Missouri, praying the reduction
of postage on newspapers under five hundred square inches.
Al o, the petition of W. J. R. Bailey and others, praying
the establishment of a post route from Westport to Harrison-
villc, in the State of Missouri.
By Mr. JOHNSON, of New Hampshire: The petition of
Soisbeiry Wheeler tor an increase ami the payment of the
balance of his pension under the act of June 7,1832. Also,
the petition of Martin Davey for the payment and continu-
ance of his pension.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Februat-y 15, 1848.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented a pe-
tition from Mary Cassin, widow of Lieutenant
Cassin, of the navy of the United States, for a
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. BREESE presented a petition from Polly
Taylor, asking for a pension. The petitioner states
that she was married to Jesse Taylor in Mecklen-
burg county, Virginia, in the year 1792, and had
made application for her pension under the act of
7th July, 1838; but because her first child was not
born until the year 1796, it is inferred by the Com-
missioner of Pensions that her marriage could not
have taken place; and not being able to obtain her
claim from the Department of War, she asks Con-
gress to examine her proofs and place her on the
pension roll; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Also, from citizens of Illinois, for a grant of land
to the State to aid in the construction of a railroad
to connect the Upper and Lower Mississippi;
which was laid on the table.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented a memorial from
the Board of Trade of Wheeling, Virginia, con-
taining a report inquiring into the causes of steam-
boat explosions*1 and disasters on the western
waters, and the best means of preventing the re-
currence thereof.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said the subject was one
of importance, and he did not know to what com-
mittee it could be moie appropriately sent than to
the Committee on Patents.
Mr. WESTCOTT wished to call the attention of
the Senator from Kentucky to one fact. At an
early day of the present session a resolution was
introduced inquiring what legislation was neces-
sary on the subject, which was refeired to the
Committee on Commerce, and that committee re-
ferred the subject to the Commissioner on Patents,
to whom had gone all the memorials and docu-
ments, so that he had all the information before
him. The House of Representatives had pursued
the same course. He presumed that officer would
make his report in a week or so, and it would be
better to give the present document the same refer-
ence,
Mr. UNDERWOOD had no objection if there
was any prospect of speedy action; the laws on
the subject certainly required some revision, and
that promptly. The citizens of the West were
deeply interested in the adoption of some plan to
secure the safety of passengers.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, conceived it
would be more appropriate to refer the document
to the Committee on Commerce. At an early day
memorials were referred to that committee m rela-
tion to the propriety of providing that vessels
navigating certain rivers should be compelled to
carry lights at night. This subjcct lias been un-
dergoing investigation, and there had been a vast
accumulation of facts and some very important
information obtained. He had himself received
some important facts to lay before the committee.
This memorial and report should go to the same
committee, and when the report of the Commis-
sioner comes, that might also be referred, and aid
in the object they all had in view. He thought it
probable that a bill would speedily be reported.
Mr. WESTCOTT withdiew his objections; and
the papers were referred, with the consent of Mr.
UNDERWOOD, to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented a petition
from the military storekeepers of the United States,
asking to be allowed the advantages and emolu-
ments of the staff officers of the army of the United
States; which was referred' to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. SEVIER presented a memorial from Robert
Mills,engineer and architect, Washington, propos-
ing a new route to the Pacific, with a plan for the
transportation of despatches to Astoria, m the Ore-
gon Territory, in fifteen days, by the route of the
Rio Grande; which was referred to the Committee
on the Library.
Mr. S. said he had examined the memorial care-
fully, that it was replete with valuable suggestions;
and he moved that it be printed with the maps;
which was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition from citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, for the abolition of slavery;
the motion to receive which was laid on the table.
Also, a petition from James Hardy, for exten-
sion of patent; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Patents.
Mr. HANNEGAN moved to take from the files
of the Senate the papers in the case of John P.
Douglass, with additional documents in favor of
the heirs, (Mr. Douglass being dead,) and refer
them to the Committee on Public Lands; which
was agreed to.
Mr. BAGBY presented a memorial from the
Legislature of Alabama, asking that money or
land scrip may be granted to the State in lieu of
such school lands as are unfit for cultivation; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a petition from J. L. Smith, of Alabama,
for an amendment of the Constitution; which was
Jaid on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported a bill granting a pen-
sion to John Clarke; which was read a first time.
Also, from the same committee, House bill for
the relief of Silaa Waterman, without amendment.
Also, from the same committee, an adverse re-
port on the petition of John Davenport.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill for the relief of William
Woodbridge and Herrry Chipman; which was read
a first time.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the
heirs of Jean F. Perry, Josiah Bleakley, Nicholas
Jarrot, and Robert Morison; which was read a first
time.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of John Dev-
lin; which was read a first time.
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion of Mr. DIX, it was
Resjliedy That the Committee on the Library be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency ot puichasiug amarble bu^t
of Washington, by Houdon,now in possession of Mr. George
Gibba.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of La., it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commeice be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of an appropriation for the
erection of a light-house on Proctor's Shell Bank; and also
for the erection of a light-house on Ship Island, in the State
of Louisiana.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Md., it was
Ordered, That a thousand copies of the report of the So-
licitor of the Treasury in reply to the Senate's resolution of
the 17th ultimo, relative to the site of Fort Delaware, bo
printed for the use of the Senate.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE, ETC.
Mr. FELCH, on leave, introduced a bill con-
cerning the courts of the United States in and for
the district of Michigan; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, on leave, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Benjamin Adams
Co. and others; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
NO INCREASE OF THE MEDICAL STAFF.
Mr. BADGER moved to take up the bill brought
from the House of Representatives to increase the
medical staff of the army, the vote on its passage
having been reconsidered; he made the motion
simply with a view to move its indefinite postpone-
ment. The motion having been agreed to—
Mr. B. said the bill provided for the appoint-
ment of some half-dozen additional hospital sur-
geons. It was the opinion of the Military Com-
mittee that the bill ought not to pass, and that such
an increase, at least in the form of the present bill,
ought not to be adopted; and he therefore moved
that it be indefinitely postponed; which motion
was agreed to.
Mr. WESTCOTT moved to recommit the bill
for the relief of the heirs of Francis Casseau to
the Committee on the Judiciary. He had reported
the bill, since which he had received information
from the Senator from Tennessee, that induced
him to change the report. The motion was agreed
to, and the bill referred.
DISPOSITION OF ACQUIRED TERRITORY.
The Senate then took up the following resolu-
tions and amendment:
Resolved, That true policy requires the Government of
the United States to strengthen its political and commercial
relations upon this continent, by the annexation of such con-
tiguous territory as may conduce to that end, and can bo
justly obtained; and that neither in such acijuisitioti not in
the territorial organization thereof, can any conditions he
