1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
363
Gregory, Grirniell,Hrtle, Nathan K. Hal), James G. Hampton,
Moses Hampton, Henry, Elias 15. Holmes, Hubbard, Hud-
eon, Hunt, Joseph It. Itig<.jisoJl, John W Jones, Kellogg,
Daniel P. King, William T. Lawrence, Lincoln, Marsh,
Marvin, Morehead, Mullin, Nelson, Newall,Nieoil, Outlaw,
1'ait'rey, Pendleton, Pollock, Preston, Putnam, Reynold*,
Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Roman, Root, liumsey,
St. John, Schenck, Shepperd, SherriH, Silvester, Slmgei-
land, Caleb B. Smith, Truman Smith, Stephens, Andrew
Stewart, Strobm, Tallmadge, Thibodeaux, Taj lor, Tomp-
kins, Richard W.Thompson,John B.Thompson, Van Dyke,
Vinton, Warren, White, anil Wil?on—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Baylj, Bedmger, Bingham, Birdsall,
Black, Bocock, Bovvdon, Boyd, Brodhead, William G.
Brown, Charles Brown, Albert G. Brown, Burt, Chase,
Clapp, Franklin Clark, Beverly L.Claik,Chngman, Howell
Cobb, Coeke, Cummins, DaniU, Dickinson, Garnutt Dun-
can, Faran, Featherston, Flournoy, Fries, French, Fulton,
Goggm, Green, Willard P. Hall, flammons, Haialson, Rar-
man&ou, Harris, Iienley, Hill, John W. Houston, Inge,
Charles J. Ingeisoll, Iverson, Jackson, James II. Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson, George W. Jones, Kaufman, Kennon,
Lahm, LaSfcre, Sidney "Lawrence, Leffler, Ligon, Loid,
Lumpkin, Maclay, McClelland, MeClermind, McDowtdl,
McLane, Mann, Meade, Miller, Morris, Morse, Murphy,
Peek,U'etrie, Peyton, Phelps., Pillsbury, Rhett,Richey, Rock-
hill, Sawyer, Sims, Smart, Robert Smith, Stanton, Stark-
weather, Chailes E Stuart, Strong, Thomas, William
Thompson, Thurston, Toombs, Turner, Venable, Went
worth, Wick, Williams, Wiley, Wihnot, and Woodward—
95. _
So the House refused to reconsider the resolu-
tion closing the debate at two o'clock, this day.
LOAN BILL.
On motion ofMr. STEPHEN'S, the House then,
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Botts, of Virginia, in the
chair,) on the bill to authorize a loan not to exceed
the sum of $18,500,000.
Mr. MOREHEAD was entitled to the floor, and
occupied it during his allotted hour. [Mr. M.'s
speech will be found m the Appendix.]
Mr. POLLOCK follosved Mr. Morehead, and
in ten minutes after he commenced he was arrested
in his remaiks by the arrival of the hour of two
o'clock—the time which had been fixed for closing
the debate. {Mr. P.'s remarks will be found in
the Appendix.]
The hour of two having arrived, the general de-
bate was terminated.
Mr. VINTON (who reported the bill from the
Committee of Ways and Means) availed himself
of the privilege, granted under the 34th rule, of
closing the debate. [For Mr. V.'s speech, see
Appendix.]
rhe committee proceeded to vote on amend-
ments as proposed, to wit:
The question was first put on the amendment to
the first section moved by :Vl r. Vinton several days
since, viz: Strike out the sum of " $18,500,000,"
and insert " #10,000,000;" und agreed to.
Mr. HALE moved to amend tiie first section by
adding at the end thereof the following.
" Provided^ That no p:ut oi the money received under the
authority of this act shall hu applied to any cApeu-c.s that
shall h/'ro.iftor be incut red by the prosecution of the vvai
vvitii Mexico."
Disagreed to: Ayes 23, noes 118.
Mr. McLANE moved to add to the end of the
1st section the following :
"Prot't^c?, That from and after the passage of this act
there shall be levied, collected, and paid on all articles not in-
cluded in any of the schedule* ot'duuablc artielesof the tariff
net of Congress of 18lt>, evcepi >peeie and bullion, and
wearimr apparel and articles not imported from foreign
countries, when unpolled into the United States, a duty oi
25 per ccntimi ad valorem : Piovidi-J, That on importation
of tea and cottle in foreign ve^els not placed on a looting
with vessels of the United States by icciprocal treaty stipu-
lations*, or by proclamations of the Pre-ident, issued in put-
suance of anyaetot Congress, tile additional duty imposed
by the 11th section of the tanll' act oi Confess of 30th
Amsust, 1&42, shall bo e.\fieted: Awt provided, also, That
coffee, the produetion or growth of the.colomes or depend- j
eneicf. of the Netherlands, impottcd into the United States I
from the Netheilands in Dutch vessels,shall not be sub- 1
jected to sueh>additional duly imposed by the aforesaid act j
ot Congress of the 30th Augui-t, lb42."
Mr. HUNT, of New York, rose to a point of
order. He believed the proposition of the gentle-
man from Maryland was out of order; and he
asked for the reading of the 131st rule, from which
it would appear that propositions to levy a tax :
could not be discussed or considered the same day |
they weie offered. Under this rule, he raised the !
point that the proposition was out of order.
The rule was read, as follows :
<>131. IVo motion or p'oposition for a tax or charge upon
the people -hall be discussed the day in which it is made or
offered; and eveiys-ueh ptoposition shall receive its liM
discui.-ion in a Commiteo of the Whole Hou.se " *
Mr. COLLAMER also suggested that the
amendment was not in order, as not being germane
to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN decided that the amendment
was not in order, under two rules. First, the 55th
rule provided that "no motion or proposition on
' a subject different from that under consideration
4shall be admitted under color of amendment."
The proposition to impose a tax on tea and coffee,
he said, was altogether different from the bill un-
der consideration, which proposed to avoid taxa-
tion by borrowing money. He also decided that
it was out of order under the 131st rule, referred
to by the gentleman fronfi New5 York.
Mr. *McLANE wished to maintain that his
proposition was in order; but debate was not in
order. He therefore appealed from the decision
of the Chair.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House f" was taken
by* tellers, and decided in the affirmative: Ayes
106, noes not counted.
So the decision of the Chair was confirmed, and
the amendment declared to be out of order.
Mr. HALL, of New York, moved to amend
the first section by adding between the words "so
borrowed shall," and the words "be applied,"
&c., the words " on being first duly appropriated
therefor." He explained his reason for offering-
the amendment, that, under the latitude of con-
struction adopted at the Treasury Department, he
was afraid, without this amendment, they might
apply some of this money towards meeting the
expenses of the army in Mexico, without first
having a direct appropriation therefor by law.
Mr. H. also offered a veibal amendment to
strike out the woidg " which stock," near the end
of the first section, and insert, in lieu thereof, the
words "and the stock issued on such loan."
Pending the question on these amendments,
On motion of Mr. STANTON, the committee
rose and reported progress.
TI-IANKS TO THE NAVY.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, asked leave
to introduce the following joint resolution:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representative* of
the United States of Jbnerica in Congress assembled, That
the thanks of Congress are due, and are hereby tendeied,
to the officers, sailors, and marines of the Navy of the Uni-
ted States, for the zeal and ability with which their duty,
during the present war with Mexico, was performed, espe-
cially for their efficient cooperation with the Armv of the
United States in the capture of Vera Ciuz and the Castle of
San Juan de Ulna. :
2. Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to oaus^ the foregoing resolution to be communi-
cated to the officers, sailors, and immues of the Navy of the
United States, in such terms as he may deem best calculated
to give effect to the objects theieof.
The reception of the resolution was objected to.
Mr. CONGER asked leave to make a report
from the Committee on Printing. Objected to.
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 16,1848.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, transmitted in compliance with
a resolution of the 7th instant, calling for informa-
tion in regard to the law by virtue of which cer-
tain words in relation to the promotion of cadets
have been inserted in the Army Register. Laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Postmaster General,
made in compliance with a resolution of the Senate
calling for the causes of the repeated failures of
the mail to and from New Orleans. Referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. DIX presented a memorial from the Cham-
ber of Commerce of New York, asking that the
duties paid on goods destroyed by the fire of 1845
may be refunded; which was referred to the Com- ;
mittee on Finance. !
Mr. DIX, in presenting this memorial, said, the j
memorial stated, that by the conflagration referred
to, buildings and merchandise to the value of about
six millions of dollars had been consumed; that !
the duties on the merchandise were estimated to !
exceed six hundred thousand dollars, of which
about four hundred thousand dollars were on un- !
broken packages. It also appeared that many of j
the merchants on whom these losses fell immedi- |
aiely ordered fresh importations to supply the <
place of the merchandise destroyed; so that they i
had, in fact, paid double duties. Under these cir- I
cumstaflces, they prayed that the duties on the
merchandise destroyed might be refunded.
Mr. BRADBURY presented a petition from
Amaziah Goodwin, asking an increase" of pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BRADBURY, in presenting this petition,
asked the attention of the Committee on Pensions
to it, as one presenting strong claims to favorable
consideration. The petitioner had been in Dart-
mouth prison during the war of 1812, and, at the
time of the massacre there, Had been bayoneted by 4
a British soldier, from the effects of which wound
he had become an entire cripple, and utterly un-
able to put off or on his clothing without assist-
ance. The pension allowed him was six dollars a
month, and wholly inadequate to his support; and
he therefore asks Congress for such increase as
will enable him to live.
Mr.- B. also presented a petition from citizens of
Maine, asking the establishment of a post route
from Augusta to Bangor, in the State of Maine;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads. *
Mr. HANNEGAN presented a petition from
citizens of Indiana, asking a mait route from Jas-
per to Troy; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported the bill from the House to amend
an act entitled "An act in amendment of the acts
respecting the judicial system of the United States,"
without amendment.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the same committee, re-
ported the concurrence of the committee in th©
amendments made by the Houseof Representatives
to the bill to amend the act entitled "An act ex-
tending the jurisdiction of the district courts to
certain cases on the lakes and navigable rivers
connecting the same," approved 26th February,
1845.
On motion of Mr. ASHLEY, the report- was
taken up and concurred in.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill in relation to the location of
the land office in the Alachua land district, in Flor-
ida; which was read a first time.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported, without amendment, a bill to pro-
vide for a survey of the mouth of Red river, in the
State of Louisiana.
On motion of Mr. DOWNS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
stiueted to inquire into the expediency of providing by law
for the appointment bv the Pie-ident of ten or more addi-
tional cadets at large in the Militaiy Academy at West
Point.
THANKS TO GEN. SCOTT, ETC.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
df the joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives, expressive of thanks to Gen. Winfield
Scott, and the troops under his command, for
their distinguished gallantry and services.
The resolution having had its third reading, the
question was put on its passage; when—
Mr. HALE demanded the yeas and nays; and
the vote was as follows:
YF/AS—Messrs. Allen, A«hley, Atchison, Badger, Bngby,
Benton, Berrien, Bradbury, l ris ht, Butler, Calhoun, Cass,
Clayton, Corvvin, Cnttenden, Davis ot Niassachusetts, Davis
ot Mie-is^ippi, Davton, Dickinson, Dix, Downs, Felch,
Foote, Hannegan, Houston, Hunter, John>on of Maiyland,
Johnson of Louisiana, Johnson of Geoigia, Mangmn, Ma-
son, Miller, Mooi, Nile^, Hu&k, ^eviei, ftpruance, Stuigeon,
Turney, Upham, Westcott, and Yulee—4*2.
NAY—Mr. Hale—1.
THANKS TO GENERAL TAYLOR.
The Senate then proceeded to consider the joint
resolution from the House of thanks to Major Gen-
eral Taylor.
The resolution having been read—
Mr. CRITTENDEN said: I rise to inquire
whether the resolution is now in a state to admit of
amendment. I feel quite strongly that some little
modification of the language of the resolution will be
an improvement of it. When before the military
committee, some exception was taken to the form
of the resolution; but I am one who is not at all
scrupulous about the language used on such occa-
sions, when compliment is intended, and so, rather
than disturb the resolution, we thought it best to
report it back to the Senate just as it was sent to
us. But upon, reconsideration of the matter, I think
it proper to move to amend the resolution by stri-
king out the word " indomitable," and "thereby
