364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 16.
obtaining a victory over the enemy, which, for its !
signal and brilliant character, is unsurpassed in the
military annals of the world."
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, called for a read-
ing of the resolution as proposed to be amended.
'The resolution, as amended, was then read, and
the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have suggested the
amendment which has been just adopted, not from
any disposition, of course, at all to stint or dimin-
ish the honors to which I think General Taylor
and the troops under his command are entitled for
the victory of Buena Vista; but because I think
that the language to which the resolution is now-
reduced, expresses in the simplest form and with
unquestionable truth, what may be said in refer-
ence to that great commander and his army in that
achievement. His own character is of that simple
cast, sir, which naturally seems to prompt the use
of a language congenial to that simplicity in every-
thing that is said of him. When he and the battle
of Buena Vista are spoken of, no pompous,gaudy
words are needed. Both stand out before the
world in character and form, to be read by ail
mankind, in a language that cannot be surpassed
by any phraseology which we, sir, may employ.
I am sorry that there is one single negative in
this body to giving thanks to our armies for the
victories they have won in its service. It is known
to you, sir, that I am not amongst those who have
approved of this war in its origin and its progress;
but I make a distinction between those who might,
as I think, have guided public affairs more wisely
and with better results, and those whose duty it
was to obey our orders and conform themselves
to our decrees. Is it possible that any gentleman
can desire that the officeis of our army shall sit in
council to revise our acts and determine upon the
question of the morality of their obedicnce to our
orders5 Your rules and articles of war forbid the
possibility of it. Any convocation of military
men in camp for the purpose of deliberating upon
political questions and deciding them, is prohibited
under the severest pains and penalties; and, sir,
we would not hear their appeal, no matter how
respectful the form in which it might be addressed
to us, on any political question. They are our
executive officers, and their duty is obedience.
Yet, if I undetstand the objection made here, it is
to the effect that they share in the responsibility
of our decision; and, although bound by their oath3
to obedience—bound by their office to obedience—
bound by their offire not to interfere with politics,
or intermeddle with our decisions, but to obey and
execute them, that they are to be responsible for
our decrees, and their conduct is not to be measured
by the skill and fidelity with which they execute
these decrees. Where is this sort of caviling—this
morality, if you please so to name it—to lead us?
A sheriff may next set himself up to consider ihe
judgment which the court has rendered, and to
take into scrupulous consideration how far he can
consistently execute the process put into his hands
under that judgment! Sir, he has as much right
to consider, when the execution is put into his
hands, the morality and justice of that judgment,
as Generals Scott and Taylor, or any of their offi-
cers or men, had to consider the justice and pro-
priety of this war. The law and the Constitu-
tion have marked out definite duties for them to
perform, and their merit consists in their faithful
and punctual discharge of these duties, and noth-
ing else; and they deserve credit or discredit ex-
actly in proportion to the constancy, courage, and
firmness with which they discharge their exec-
utive duties. I can see no end to the mischiefs to
result from the doctrine of the gentleman from
New Hampshire. According to this doctrine, an
officer is not only to consider how best he may
execute the duty imposed upon him in executing
our laws, but he is to sit in council and judgment,
reviewing our acts of Congress, and determining
for himself what to do, and acting accordingly.
Will the honorable Senator from New Hamp-
shire allow your generals and officers to convene
together, ana mayJiap to divide themselves^ gen-
erals and colonels into one house, like your Sen-
ate; and corporals and privates into another, a
House of Commons; there to take into considera-
tion the questions of war and peace, and decide
as they may think justice and morality require?
Will the gentleman allow them to decide for war
when wearein favor of peace, or forpeace when we
are in favor of war? What does the gentleman think
of that? If his doctrine be admitted, it must be 1
allowed in all its consequences, not merely in those :
to which the gentleman would confine it. The !
army may as well overrule our decision in favor
of peace as that in favor of war. Sir, this is
nothing but a spirit of mutiny. There is neither
patriotism nor morality in this doctrine; neither in
it3 foundation nor its results. It is a mutiny
against morality—a mutiny against all discipline—
a mutiny against all government. There must be
a head to legislate and direct, and a body to exe-
cute. It is in the Congress of the United States
to decide, and it is in the army to obey; and to
that honoiable duty I am disposed strictly to limit
and confine the army. I am wholly opposed to
allowing the army to meddle with politics. Your
army will be very ready, and some of its officers
will be very ready to take your places in the work
of legislation, and not only to hold the sword in
one hand, but to make laws with the other. It is
to that, sir, that the doctrine of the gentleman
leads; for the moment that you require of your
generals to consider and entertain the "morality,
according to their notions of orders given them,
you must, from that moment, leave them at hberty
to decide for or against you; and if General Tay-
lor be authorized to consider the morality of this
question of peace or war, and to lay down his
sword if he pleases, every officer of the army, and
every enlisted soldier, has the same right to do so.
Can you distinguish between one and the other?
No, sir; you cannot. And what sort of a govern-
ment would you have m that case? It would be
the mockery of the world. Yet that is the result
to which this refined and original system of ethics
would conduct you. Yet that is the pious and
extravagant sort of morality, by the aid of whose
inflation some minds seem to have ascended above
the ordinary and sublunary concerns of mankind,
and all those plain rules of government and mo-
rality which have regulated the course of human
society. These philosophers soar far above all
that, and, entering the ethereal regions, seem en-
gaged in the search for some celestial sort of guide
for their government on earth! 1 do not say that
the gentleman before me goes to that extent of
extravagance. He is one for whose talents and
ability 1 entertain all proper respect; but, sir, is
not the doctrine for which he contends likely to
lead others, with less competency and less discre-
tion to circumscribe its tendencies, into all these
excesses? Can anything but misrule, and disor-
der, and extravagance, be the consequence? And
how much less deluded is such a politician than
one of those Millerites who, arraying himself in
what he calls his " ascension robes," climbs up a
tree in order that he may have a fair flight to
Heaven! It seems to me to be a political delu-
sion of the same character, scarcely less extrava-
gant, and certainly much more injurious to man-
kind.
Now, sir, if ever military men deserved credit
for the skill and courage and fidelity with which
they executed orders, Taylor and Scott are the
men who have earned it; and does it now become
us, after having made the war, or any of us, after
the war has been made by the country, by its con-
stituted authorities—does it become us to set our-
selves in the chair of morality and give a sort of
professional lecture, teaching our officers and sol-
diers a lesson of disobedience and mutiny—teach-
ing them that they should receive our decision,
reverse it, and, breaking their swords, return
home, breathing out denunciations against their
country for the injustice and immorality of its
legislation? Surely not. I know that the objec-
tion is urged only against giving thanks, but that
amounts to censurc. Will you not give them any
credit? They have won battles. Many of them
have shed their blood, their life's blood. Why
are they not to have thanks? In another case, the
objector ad mits thanks would be properly accorded;
but in this case, he denies that they could be justly
given. Does not the very ground on which the
objection to the honor contemplated to be given to
them rests, imply that they have not done their
duty so well as they might have done it by not
gaining these victories? Can the gentleman, or
anybody else here, draw a valid distinction?
Suppose they had been defeated in these battles—
suppose General Taylor had been vanquished at
Buena Vista, would the gentleman then have of-
fered his thanks? He will not thank him for the
victory; would he have thanked him for suffering
defeat? Suppose the soldiers had refused to obey
the orders of General Taylor, saying, " We have
considered this matter, and do not think that this
is a just war; we think it has been carried far
enough; it ought to have stopped at Monterey:"
would these men, in the estimation of the gentle-
man, have merited our thanks?
Sir, the evils into which the consequences of this
doctrine, if adopted, would lead us, are endless and
nameless. I can only say of the doctrine, that it
is full of mischief. These men have sustained the
honor of their country—they have gamed illus-
trious and distinguished victories against those
whom you have declared to be enemies, and
against whom you have 3ent them to fight. It is
for that I give them thanks; it is for that the Sen-
ate and the country have given their thanks; and I
do hope—I can hardly hope—I was about to ex-
press the hope—that this resolution may be allow-
ed to pass without a single dissenting voice. The
honorable Senator from New Hampshire has al-
ready achieved the solitary glory of standing alone,
lean myself make no distinction between Taylor
and Scott, or their respective armies, in regard to
these victories; but I cannot but hope that when
a gentleman of so much talent and ability as the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire shall re-
consider more calmly and coolly the opinions under
which he has acted, and advocated so eloquently
here, he will be disposed to think that it is better
to go on in the plain common way in which man-
kind have gone, and that the reason of mankind
has approved for so many years, than strike out
into any of these new and devious paths, into
which extravagant and over-refined notions of mo-
rality may lead.
Mr. HALE. So pointed an allusion has been
made to the position which I occupy, that it seems
due to myself and to the Senate that I should say
one word in vindication of the course which I have
taken. This is the second occasion on the floor
of the Senate, within a few days, on which I have
been either complimented or reproached—I can
hardly say which—for standing alone. That was
the very mission upon which I came. I came
here to stand alone, so long as that policy which
the Government was pursuing was persisted in;
and I shall continue to stand alone until different
sentiments prevail in this body, or a revolution in
public sentiment shall send different representa-
tives upon this floor. That is my position, then;
and whether n is an honor or reproach others may
say. It is not for me to say whether it is honora-
ble or dishonorable.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky seems to
think that my course, if persisted in, would open
Pandora's box, and let loose and rampant all man-
ner of evil upon society in the "United States.
What is the course which I adopted? Has a
syllable against the character of either of those
officers escaped my lips? Certainly not—not a
syllable. When the subject came up, I said that
Icould not,consistently with the convictions which
| I entertained, record my vote in favor of thanks
j to those officers. Sir, I may be a fanatic or a Mil-
j lerite; but I will not be a hypocrite. I will not
1 thank officers for the agency which they have had
; in producing results which I loathe. No, sir.
j Whilst disapproving of the whole affair, I confess
| that I have not discrimination enough—I have not
: sufficient skill in splitting hairs—to enable me,
i without uneasiness, to denounce the war as a war
j of robbery, as unconstitutional and unjust, as be-
; gun by the President, and at the same time thank
, the agents who have been engaged in carrying out
! this unjust and unconstitutional war. My fanati-
t cism does not enable me to make such subtle dis-
! tmctions as that; and all that I said, when I
j addressed the Senate for a few moments on that
' day, was, that I proposed to vindicate the pro-
, pnety of my conduct by a reference to history,
| showing, that on a similar occasion, a precedent
: had been furnished, which I thought I mightsafely
; follow. That precedent was presented in thecon-
j duct of those who stood upon the side of justice,
truth, Hberty, and humanity, in the British Par-
• liament, when the gigantic" power of that empire
i was exerted to crush the spirit of liberty here, then
| struggling for existence. Chatham, Fox, Wilkes,
i Barre, and a host of learned dead then stood up,
! and with manly and truthful eloquence, denounced
[ the arbitrary acts of power directed against the
: friends of freedom in this country; and what would
I we have thought of their sincerity and honesty—
