1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
365
what sentence would the moral sense of the world
have pronounced upon them, if, after they had thus
denounced the administration and the war, they
had gone to the footstool of power, and bowed
down and thanked the agents that had been the
tools of this tyranny and oppression ? Had those
illustrious friends of liberty thus acted at that day,
1 think, sir, their fame would have appeared in a
very different light upon the pages of history. But
the honorable Senator has said, that in the course
which I have taken, there is neither patriotism n<Jr
morality. I beg leave to tell him it is a difference
of opinion, merely. Morality is a pretty general
term, and may cover a great many transactions
about which there is difference of opinion; on that
there can certainly be no issue, as it is a mere
question of opinion.
I ask if the doctrines promulgated by the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky are not those which
should receive the unqualified condemnation of the
American Senate and the American people? What
are they? Theyamount simply to this: that your
army is a great machine—a tool, without heart,
without head, without reflection—nothing but one
great piece of animal mechanism; that the President,
standing at the head of the Administration, has
but to give the word and it operates as he chooses;
and that the thanks of theAmeiican people are
due to that army, irrespective of any considera-
tions connected with the character of the duty
which is assigned to it to perform. Suppose your
President senda the army to this Senate to enact
over the scenes which occurred in England, when
Cromwell dissolved the Parliament, telling them
that the kingdom of Christ had come, and he had
no need of such an assembly, would it then be
your duty to give thanks to the army, because
it had obeyed the bidding of its master? Let me
tell the honorable Senator that my reading of his-
tory has taught me that there is great danger to be
apprehended to any republic from the overshadow-
ing influence of this military fame, which this Sen-
ate is about to bolster up by this vote of thanks.
Has he forgotten the history of that period of the
Roman republic when they elected their emperor
in the camp, and then came to the Senate for its
ratification ? What are the American people about
to do? The camp has already elected your em-
peror—your next President. The decree has not
ret been registered, but the thing ia done. There,
think, lies the danger. We have, it is true, many
aspirants for public favor, but the camp has al-
ready made the selection. The powers of the Con-
stitution may be preserved this time, but no man
knows how much longer they will be retained.
But whether that day may be more or less remote
than many of us may imagine, when the camp
comes heie to ask the American Seriate to ratify
its deed, they never .shall have my Lhanks for any
agency in transactions which my judgment con-
demns. I do not say one word, because it is for-
eign to my purpose, in regard to the character of
those officers. I do not question their skill, their
bravery, their judgment. I have not a word to
say against them. I have not a single hostile feel-
ing to them in my heart. Regarding them, how-
ever,as the agents in transactions of which I wholly
disapprove, 1 cannot thank them, because I cannot
separate their instrumentality from the woik in
which they have been engaged.
Mr. FOOTE. I was not in my place the other
day when the discussion of those resolutions was
in progress, but if I had been, I should have re-
garded it as unpardonable had I not said something
in reference to the sentiments which have formed
the subject of the indignant comments of the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky. I am not surprised
at the course pursued by the Senator from New
Hampshire, nor can any one who heard his lan-
guage to-day, be surprised. The whole secret
of his opposition to the vote of thanks has at last
discovered itself. He is afraid that the army
may elect a President. He is afraid that the mili-
tary excitement of the time may be so potent as
to thrust some individual into the Presidency who
ha3 acquired glory in this war, and in consequence
of which, a certain distinguished Senator from
New Hampshite nominated fdr that very office,
and who has accepted the nomination, might be
excluded. It would be quite improper, then, to
blame the Senator from New Hampshire for the
course which he has adopted on this occasion.
The Senator is quite right. He is acting upon the
principle pf enlightened selfishness. The whole
country will do justice to his motives, and he will
descend to posterity as the most magnanimous
statesman of modern times! I am happy indeed
to hear the frank and manly declaration which
escaped the lips of the Senator from Kentucky—I
will not say escaped by accident, for it was evi-
dent that it was' the language of his feelings and
his understanding—the same language which is
employed by the intelligence and patriotism of the
people in all parts of the Union, whatever faction
may have said, in all the accursed forms in which
faction has arrayed itself before the country. The
Senator from Kentucky has taken the ground
boldly that this is a national war—the war of the
country—a war made by Congress and sanctioned
in all the forms known to the Constitution, and
that therefore every patriot in the land is bound to
sustain it, especially such as are employed in arms
for the national defence. It is no Presidential
war, then, as some have asserted. It is no war
gotten up for unholy and corrupt purposes. It is
no unconstitutional war as some have argued, but
it is a war declared by Congress, having every
sanction that national legislation can give; a war
which every patriot must sustain in its vigorous
prosecution up to a glorious termination, and
which none but traitors anywhere can oppose. I
speak, of course, within due bounds. I allude
not to the course of any Senator. I speak but the
language of history when I say, that in no age
since civilization began, has there been any name
for any man who opposed his country either in
thought, word, or deed, when in arms for her
own defence, except truitor. That is the name
by which the Senator would be known if he
dared to act out the sentiments of his heart as
manifested in the language which he has utter-
ed to-day. The punishment of treason, in all
countries, is death; and he who would act out
these sentiments would incur that as his due re-
ward. 1 doubt whether, in some parts of the
country, the process of law would be waited for;
and even in some districts of New England, I an)
inclined to think that a coat of tar and feathers,
or, perhaps, the severer infliction of Lynch law
would be administered. I am tired and sick of this.
I have been sufficiently wearied with it at home
when reading newspaper accounts. I have been
nauseated with it here. The whole country is
indignant. There is but one voice on the subject,
except the small voice that is uttered by an unprin-
cipled faction in New England. I say an "un-
principled faction," because it is a party gotten
up for the purpose of bloodshed, delusion, and
injustice—a party that cries u peace, peace," when
the national honor is involved, and the country is
armed in its defence; a party that cues out, " Let
us not shed the blood of ihe poor Mexicans—they
have suffered enough injustice at our hands; let us
make indemnity for the wrongs which wc have
perpetrated upon them."
I should have been very much astonished if a
different course had been adopted by the Senator
from New Hampshire. I am not a very diligent
reader of Abolition newspapers, but looking over
one or two lately, I perceived that a person named
Garrison had been indulging in denunciations of
the Senator from New Hampshire, because, in a
speech which he had made on this floor, he had
expressed some regret at being compelled to as-
sume the character of an Ishmaolite in this body;
which, by the by, was not exactly the fact till
now, for though it is true that his hands were
against every man, yet nobody noticed him.
However, for that declaration, and for the expres-
sion of the hope that nothing he had said would
be regarded as offensive, the Senator from New
Hampshire had been taken to task by Lloyd Gar-
rison, who had denounced him as not being a
Liberty man; that he was not worthy of the Piesi-
dency; and had asserted that his name ought to be
sncken from the Liberty ticket. Well, the Senator
from New Hampshire, having of course domestic
business which called him to New England, lately
went thither, and indulged himself in several gusty
harangues, in order to retrieve his character, and
revive his claims to the Presidency. His course
there entirely conciliated the whole Abolition party
in New England; and with such motives to ener-
getic action, I am not at all surprised that the Sena-
tor has returned filled with new zeal and increased
animosity against tins war, and that he should have
made those rhetorical flourishes in which he had
so freely displayed himself on this occasion. I
should have been very much astonished if he had
pursued any other course.
I will not detain the Senate long; but for the
purpose of showing that the Senator is a politic,
judicious man, and that, though not at all am-
bitious, he may, perhaps, twenty years hence—
making capital so rapidly as he does on this great
question—stand a good chance for the Presidency,
and is using the most efficient means to improve his
ultimate popularity, 1 will call attention to a#few
passages m a pamphlet which I have seen for the
first time this morning. It was sent to me by a
gentleman who informs me that it is in extensive
circulation in New England, and is producing an
extraordinary effect. It seems tltat it is circulated
by another party, who are ambitious of obtaining
the Liberty men as allies. I speak by the book
when I say, that a distinguished Senator from New
England, [Mr. Webster,] not now in his seat,
did, in a place not far from Faneuil Hall, some
months ago, openly recognize the Abolitionists as
his political brethren, and besought them to unite
with the Whig party in an approaching election.
I consider, then, thfe Whig party of New England
and the faction controlled by the Senator from
New Hampshire as standing on the same platform.
Probably no reply will be attempted to what I say.
It may be that 1 shall not be deemed worthy of
notice by the distinguished Senator over the way,
but that will not prevent me from noticing him—
courteously and patriotically, 1 trust—and in such
a manner as I may think that notice at my hands
is demanded. Humble as my abilities may be, I
recognize no superior here, so far as the State
which I have in part the honor to represent is
concerned. I am not at all surprised that New
England should be visited with this pamphlet at
this time, because the distinguished Senator from
New England, first in Richmond, in commencing
his famous southern tour, undertook to call this
war in question, and afterwards, when he got
back to New England, held the same language,
and asserted that it had been the settled judg-
ment of all nations, that the injustice of a war
most materially tarnished the lustre of arms. Has
that been explained? Can it be explained or vin-
dicated? It means what the Senator from New
Hampshire has more bodly said, using plainer
and more explicit language, but language not more
unpatriotic than that to which I have just refer-
red—language which will not be less fiercely con-
demned by posterity than that uttered on the oc-
casion to which I have alluded by one of the most
celebrated men of the Whig party, whose influence
has spread itself abroad through all lands, and has
a most controlling effect in Mexico at the present
time, against his own country. The same senti-
ment has been again and again expressed by the
organ of the Whigs in this city—the National
Intelligencer. Every Whig paper in the country,
with a few exceptions, has reechoed it; and we
all recollect the expression in a certain speech
delivered here—to which I allude in no spirit
of unkindness—that if the speaker had been a
Mexican as he was an American, he would have
welcomed our armies with bloody hands and hospi-
table graves. Yet that speech was published, with
editorial sanction, in almost every Whig paper in the
country. When on my way hither, last winter, I
saw in Louisville a Whig paper—the organ of the
party in that city, the Louisville Journal—which
eulogized and commended the speech iri the warmest
andmostexalted termsofcncomium. Whilst,then,
there are many men in that party—a glorious band,
of whom I am glad to recognize the distinguished
Senator from Kentucky as the leader, who do re-
spond to the sentiments which he had expressed
this morning—patriots in heart and in deed, recog-
nizing the noble maxim of Roman times, that it is
a sweet and glorious thing to die for one's country;
whilst a great number of the members of the Whig
party entertain such sentiments, there are many
others who openly, or in their hearts, cherish sen-
timents similar to those I have described, which
they would dare to act out, if the majority of the
people would sanction them. In proof of what I
have said on this point, I will read a few extracts
from a pamphlet written by a member of the party
of which the Senator from New Hampshire is the
exponent here. It is said that—•
" A rose by any other name would smell as sweet.'?
By what name shall I designate the party of which
the gentleman from New Hampshire is the rep-
resentative ? Is it the Abolition or Liberty party ?
