366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 16,
However this may be, it is on the shoulders of
that party (hat he expects to be foisted into the
White House. Oh! may Heaven preserve my
country from such a calamity as that! I say it
with no intention to insult the Senator, but be-
cause he holds principles which, if carried out,
would make this republic more infamous on the
pages of history than any nation that has ever
existed. The pamphlet is entitled " Dick Crown-
ingshield, the Assassin, and Zachary Taylor, the
Soldier: the difference between them. By Henry
C. Wright.'1 It is now circulating in New Eng-
land, under Whig sanction, and is written by a
member of the Liberty party.
Mr. HALE. Boes the gentleman mean to say
that the author of that pamphlet is a member of
the Liberty party?
Mr. FOOTE. So I understand.
Mr. HALE. That individual's career in Eng-
land and this country is well known. He denies
the right of all human government whatever; and
there is no party which lie denounces with more
severity and opprobrium than the Liberty party.
The honorable Senator from Mississippi is, there-
fore, mistaken ill supposing that he is a member
of that party. It is not so. The honorable Sen-
ator asks to what party I belong, and the name of
that party. I can tell him in a moment the origin
of the movement which has made my name some-
what notorious in New Hampshire in regard to
the position which I took about four years since.
I was then a member of the House of Represent-
atives from the State of New Hampshire. At
that time, the project of annexation was mooted
in the House; and the Richmond Enquirer, then
edited by the present editor of the Union, declared
that any one expecting anything from the Admin-
istration must not go against that measure. I did
not expect anything from the Administration, but
I opposed the measure; and, in a letter to my con-
stituents, I announced my intention to vote against
it, assigning the reasons which influenced me in
the determination. Thereupon, the progressive
Democracy of New Hampshire came together and
denounced me; and an issue was at once made in
that State upon the question. That is the origin
of the movement; and the Senator is at liberty to
give it any name which will best suit his classifica-
tion. But he is entirely mistaken as regards Mr.
Wright, who is no more a member of the Liberty
party than that Senator is, and probably looks on
it with as much loathing as he does.
Mr. FOOTE. I am very glad to hear that he
does. However, the pamphlet has been circulated
by the Whigs of New England. The author may
then be a Whig.
Mr. HALE. As I stand alone, I have only to
take care of myself. The Whigs can take care of
themselves.
Mr. FOOTE. Well, I do not understand tlie
author to be strictly in correspondence with the
Senator from New Hampshire, or that they are
inhabitants of the same town or county. Indeed,
people change their politics so readily nowadays,
that it would be a litile unsafe, perhaps, for the
Senator to undertake to say what are the present
political principles of Mr. Wright, with whom he
is ashamed to bear any connection.
Mr. HALE. No, I am not.
Mr. FOOTE. Well, then he is the particular
friend of the Senator from New Hampshire; and of
one thing I am certain, that in my State such a
pamphlet could not be allowed to circulate amongst
the Whigs for a day. Such language as I am
about to read, could not he uttered in the State in
which I have the honor to reside, without hazard
of life; nor could it, in my opinion, anywhere,
where ahigh state of patriotism exists. Weil, I will
read a few delicious extracts from this pamphlet;
and I hope that, if it be not a Whig: document'
gentlemen will stnj) its circulation. The gentle-
man denies that it is a Liberty document. Who
has had it circulated I am not prepared to say,
but I think that it is perhaps intended to promote
the Senator's claims and those of Whig Presiden-
tial aspirants generally, always excepting General
Taylor.
DICK CKOWN-IXU&UIELD—IIIS EMPLOYERS—HIS BUSINESS.
Joseph White lived in Salem. Ho was old and rich. Joe
ar>d Frank Knapp Jived in the same town. Thev coveted
his property, 'ind expected to inherit it at his death. The
protracted life of Jo-eph White was considered by their* as
opposed to their interests. The\ wished to destroy it. They
called on I>ick CrowningshieJd, a young man living in Sa-
lem, who had studied the art of human slaughter at the West
Point Military Academy, and said to him, in substance:
" WiJi you enlist imo our service?"
Dick. " What to do?""
Knapps. " We wish to kill Joseph White."
Dick. " What harm lias lie done to you ?"
Knapps. " None, save that by his life we are kept out of
the possession of property which we expect to inherit. We
have no resources but to kill him."
Dick. « But he is innocent of all evil intentions towards
you?"
Knapps. " We knowhe is; but his life is in our way, and
we wish to get rid of him."
jDick. " But would it he right to kill him?"
Knapps, "Give yourself no trouble about that. We will
be responsible for the light or wrong of the deed. If you en-
list to do it, you have nothing to do with that question."
Dick. " But suppose I think it murder T}
Knapps. " That is our concern, not yours. If you enlist
into our service, we wish you to enlist to do our pleasure,
even though you tlnnk it to be murder
Dic\\ " Win; is to he benefited by his death?"
Knapps. " Ourselves, of course. We do not wish to kill
him tor his good, but solely for our own."
Dick. "So, then, I am to understand that you wish to en-
list me into your service, to kill an innocent man, at your in-
stigation} and fjr your benefit
Knapps. " That is our wish. Will you enlist ?"
Dick. " What am I to get for doing ttie deedr"
Knupps. " One thousand dolluis."
Dic'i. " Do you wish me to kill any others ?"
Knapps. " Kill this one man, and the money is your*, and
we will dischaige you from our service as boon as the deed
is done."
Dick. " Well, I see no more wrong in enlisting into the
service of two men to kill one, at their bidding and for their
benefit, than in enlisting into the seivite of millions t called
a tftate, to lull thousands at their bidding and for their bene-
fit. So I am at your service, and will execute) our pleasure
upon Jo-eph White."
The Knapps furnished their reciuit with a dirk and blud-
geon. At midnight, he entered tne back window with a
dark lantern, ciept up the front staiis, and enteied the sleep-
ing chamber of Joseph White lie w.b asleep. Dk k struck
him on hiss head with a ctuh, then turned down the clothes
and stabbed him thirteen times in the legion of his heart;
then covered him up, left the house, hid the bludgeon under
the door--tep  of a chutcb, and melted the dagger. Dick
and the Kttapps were taken up and imprisoned. While
awaiting their tual, Dick hung himself. The Knapps were
tiled, condemned, and hurl?.
What would you call Dick Crowmncs-hield ? A hired
assassin is the ansvvei; and all wtii insist that this is the
only phrase in the Engh-h language that can tiuiy designate
his character and po-itiou. Wii.it would you cull the
Knapps5 The instigators and prime mover? in the deed—
the lmi'loversof a hired \tis a.ssin. The relation between (
Crowning-dueld and the Knapp- w as that at a hired assa-siu j
to Ins employee. The community would not endure the 1
presence of the employei s or the employ ed among them, and !
tliey put them all to death. j
ZACHARY TAYLOR—HIS EMPLOYERS—HIS BUSINESS. I
There is a town m -Mexico called Monterey. Hcontams !
say twenty thousand inhabitants, more or less. They never j
iujuied the people oi the United State?, even in tlioug.it; yet ;
their existence is opposed to iheir ambition, and lustot iiold, ■
and of oppression. They wi h tode-tro) the town ol Moil- j
teiey. S >. those who compose the United States, through
their agent<, the recruiting officers, go forth to enlist men
into their service. Thej meet Zachaiy Taylor, and ask him,
in substance.:
" Will you enliptirilo our service?"
Zuchary. " What do jou wish niH to do?"
People. " We wish you to kill the people of Monterey."
Zach. " What have they done?"
People. " Oh ! nothing; only their existence is opposed to
our interest-."
Zitc/i. "They are, then, innocent of all evil intentions and
actions towards j ou?"
People. " Yes; they never injured us, and never intended
to ni|uie us."
Zach. " Why, then, do von wi-h to kill them ?"
People. " Sunpl.v and -ol^ly because tnevare in our way,
and tiieie h no other method to g >t rid ol them."
Za<h. " Would it be light to kill tilt m ?"
People. "That i- oui ultair. not }our-. We wish you to
enlist to do our bidding, and kill whom we wish. Ri&ur ok
wrong."
Za'ji "But suppose {know them to be innocent: must I
lull them?"
People. " Yes: if we bid you."
Zach. " But Mippo>e 1 believe that to kill them would be
sh'Rdkr ; must I do it ?"
Pejp'e. " Yes; if vve bid you kill them. We wish to en-
list none into our -ervice as soldiers who are not willing to
svveai by the great God that they will kill any and all whom
we bid them kill, even though tliey believe it would be mur-
der."
Zach. "How many do you wish me to kill ?"
People. "No piititular persons or numbei; but we wi-h
to enh-t you to butehei men by the day, till we have trained
our end." 3
Zach. "So. then,now I understand you. Youwishmeto
enlist into your service, to kiil human beings, without regard
to their guilt or innocence, at your bWin%, and (oi your bene-
fit. You wish me to swear by the Eternal that i will kill
men, women, and children, at your discretion, even though
I know they are innocent, and though I believe that to kill
them would be murder ?"
People. " Yes; such is our wish."
Zach. "But suppose I should enlist, and then ?hnuld not
he willing to kill ail whom vou command me to kill: and
suppose f should wish to leave vour service ?  '
People. "Once enlisted, you must do our bidding, or he
killed 5 ourself; and if \ ou attempt to leave our&ei vice with-
out our consent, we shall shoot or hang you."
Zach. "Howmuch money will you gfve me?"
People. "Two hundred dollars a month." ' i
Zach. "Well, the ministers and churches say war is a
right and Christian piactice. If so, then it is right to enlist;
and when enlisted, to go lor my employers, noht or wrong.
So lam your man. Henccfoith I am ready to kill all you
bid me kill, though I know them to be innocent, and though
I believe it would be murder."
People. "You are the man for us. < Rough and Ready 9
is your name henceforth. We have work on hand at this
moment."
Zcu h. il Name it, and it is done."
People. "There is a town in Mexico callejl Monterey.
Go, slay its inhabitants, and destroy it."
Zach. " Give me the means, and the deed is done."
So the means are supplied by his employers. Now, be-
hold Zachary befoio the devoted tovtfn. It is Sunday. This
is the day chosen by him to make the attack. See tiie scenes
enacted by Zachary, the soldier. He is acting as the agent
oi twenty millions. Had he bombarded that city as the agent
of tj,o—how had he been the execration oi mankind !
I will not detain Sendtors by reading- any more
extracts. I did not know that the time for taking
up the special order had passed, or 1 should not have
trespassed so long on the time of the Senate.
Several Senators. Go on.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 will, then, if the Senate will
bear with me, read a few additional paragtaphs:
Look at that nursery. See thaliriother watching her tour
little ones lovingly at play m one corner. Zachary dis-
charges a guu loaded with grape-shot at them; and in a
moment their limbs and bodies are torn to fragments, and
the mother sits amid their inaimled remains. In anuther
nurseivis an infant sleeping in the cradle; the mother sits
by it locking and singing its lullaby. Zachary hurJ  a cannon
ba:l at that mother and infant, and tears thein m pieces.
Look into tnat dining loom. There are a father and
mother and five children at the dinner table. A bail thrown
by Zachary enters, and the father and clnldien are torn and
killed aiound the surviving mother. There is a school-
house. lu it are seventy-five clnldien with their teacher.
Zacharv throws a bomb-dieJl among them. It explodes,
and the torn limbs and dead bodies oi tifty of those children
are strewed about, and their teacher and companions are
coveied witli theii blood There is a daughter standint.' by
her broken-hearted fathei to couifoit and sustain him.
Zachaiy hurl?, a cannon hall at her, and cuts hei body in
two, and there she lies a mangled coipse beiore her father.
" For the loveot Heaven spare that nou^ecues a young
man to Zachaiy, as he is aiming a dead!) micsile n.t a par-
ticular dwelling. " I care not if evlry othfr house in
town is blown to atoms—but do not destroy that one."
Zachaiy. " What is your lea-on?"
You/ii man. " My betrothed lives there. She whom Hove
as m> own &ouI."
Z<uharij. " All love and domestic affections must be for-
gotten heie."
Young man. " ftnt-Do cpare that one. One of your own
companions begs you to spare it "
Zuthnry. " It is the bidding and for the interest of our em-
ployers that that houae and all in it -hould be destroyed.
We must go for our employers. RIGHT OR WltO.XG  
Young man. " O spare it! To what dangers is .-he whom
I love exposed ! Think of the agony I must feel to find her
a mangled eoip^e
Zachary.—" Young man, you seem to care nothing about
the othei houses, and are willing to see them 'blown to
atoms.' Yet evuy oall and bomb-sheJl we throw tears to
pieces some wife or husband, some parent or child, some
mother or su-ter, all of whom are objects of affection to
others, and their death causes as much agony to surviving
relatives as the death of vour betrothed would to you. She
mu.5t die. Such is the bidding and pleasure of my employ-
ers."
A bomb-shell is aimed at the house; and in an instant it
is a heap of rums. The -shell comes into the parlor where
the parents arid their children are assembled, and explodes.
A ragged piece ot non strikes the young woman, and tears
away aer head and shoulder^.
Says anothei eye-witness of the doing's; of Zachary: "It
was an awiul 'sight to look upon the dead—some >hot with
cannon balls and some with small shot; some with their
heads shjt off— some with then Le^s ojf— some with their
bou els %ciJtercd on the "round.^
Sa\s another e\e-witness of another scene: "Bodies of
Mexicans weie l.vmgali aiioutiri every direction—some with
then heads entire'y or part v '•hot ojf; othe.rs wiihjut le«s or
arms; otheiswitli their entraus io>w out. I crept about on
my hands and knees, and at eveiy few paces I would come
acro?^ dead bodies ; and at one place, I discovered the body
of a beautiful Mexican girl STAKED through her heait "
The alwve is substantially a truthful nariative of deeds
perpeti^ted by him and his men in Monterey, and other
town-* in Mexico, at the bvMin* and for the benefit of his
religious, republican employers
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If the Senator will per-
mit me, I would beg leave to submit to him whether
if is hest to detain the Senate by read ins: more of
that pamphlet. Enough has been given to enable
us to jud^e of its character. I will hear the Sena-
tor with a great deal of pleasure, but T think he
ought not to occupy the time of the Senate by read-
ing pamphlets.
Mr. .KOOTE. I know that this thins; is dis-
gusting, but having the sanction of the Whigs of
New England, I thought that it might be agreea-
ble more or less to the appetites of some gentlemen
here. I feel that perhaps I owe some apology for
occupying the attention of the Senate so long. I
do not charge the Whig party with this pamphlet,
but I have quoted it in order to vindicate what has
fallen from the Senator from Kentucky in opposi-
tion to the dangerous sentiments of th$ Senator
