THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1848.
New Series No. 24.
we included that expended by the Mexicans as
well as the Americans. In the name of humanity,
he asked if all this was not sufficient to satisfy this
burning heart of the nation, which had thus been
" prepared for war" by the present Administra-
tion ?
His amendment proposed the appointment of
three commissioners to treat with Mexico and give
assurance of our desire to settle this difficulty on
terms of justice and magnanimity. We surely
had three men in this country who might be desig-
nated by the President, to be approved by the
Senate 
Mr. K. was here arrested by the fall of the ham-
mer, announcing the expiration of the live minutes
which are allowed by the rules for explaining an
amendment.
Mr. HARALSON raised the point that the
amendment was out of order, on the ground of
irrelevancy.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
Mr. KAUFMAN'asked for tellers on the adop-
tion of the amendment, which were not ordered.
* The question being taken, the amendment was
rejected without a division.
The second section was read.
Mr. SAWYER moved to amend it by inserting
after the words " certificates of stock," where they
first occur, the following: " No one of which shall
be of a less amount than one hundred dollars."
Rejected.
Mr. SAWYER then moved to amend by striking
out the*following:
Jlnd provided, rtteo. That whenever required so to do,
the Secretary 01 the Tren.ituy f-ball c.uiwe to be attached to
any eemticiUe or eeJtiiieiiteri to lie issued under tins act
coupons ol'interest; mid nny certificate havingsuclicoupons
of interest attached to it may be transferable by deliveiy ot
the ecrtifiinte, tn&tead of being arguable oil the books til
the treasury.
Mr. SAWYER wished to state some reasons
for striking out this proviso. In the first section
of the bill these stocks were made transferable on
ihe books of the department; in this proviso they
were made transferable,'at the option of the holder,
by delivery, not by assignment. He had moved
to add, that no certificates of stock less than
$100 should be issued; but that amendment had
been rejected. He now moved to strike out this
proviso; if it was retained, if the present form of
the bill was preserved, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury might issue one dollar bills. There was
nothing to prevent it, and they were transferable
by delivery. By that means they could make,
under this bill, as good a United States bank as
ever was. They might issue every certificate of
this stock in one dollar bills. There was no limit
to the number of them. He proposed to strike
out the proviso, so as to make the cei tificatcs trans-
ferable only on the books of the treasury.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. More-
head] yesterday observed in his remarks that this
bill, reported by the majority of the committee,
was the bill recommended by Mr. Walker, Secre-
tary of the Treasury, with a slight exception,
which was, that it did not provide for the issue of
treasury notes. That exception made the whole
difference. The treasury notes provided for in the
substitute, reported by the minority of the com-
mittee, were not to be of denominations less than
$50. But, by the bill, all these certificates could
be one dollar certificates, and they were tranfer-
able by delivery.
But gentlemen might say, while we have the
present President and Secretary of the Treasury,
there will be no dangerof having these small issues.
Well, that might be so; but we had no guarantee
that hereafter, when another Administration came
into power, we might not have them, and the
country flooded, under authority of this majority
bill, with Government one-dollar bills. Gentle-
men on the other side of this House hod now the
opportunity, and he called upon them to come out
' and declare to the people of this country that they
did not desire by the "measure to make a Govern-
ment bank, as they had charged that those with
whom he acted would make by the issue of these
hill, and he called on gentlemen to meet the ques-
tion- . .
Mr. VINTON, for the purpose of obtaining the
opportunity to say a f]ew words in explanation,
moved to accept the motion to strike out the pro-
viso. The reason for the provisoes to which his
colleague [Mr. Sawyer] took exception was this:
This \>ill proposed that certificates of stock shall
be transferred on the books of the Register. This
was the ordinary mode. But it was supposed,
that if any part of^it should go into the hands of
foreigners, they would desire coupons. The stock
authorized by the act of 1842 was tranferable on
the books of the Register, but subsequently a pro-
vision was inserted like that which this bill con-
tained, because foreigners who take stock are
accustomed to and therefore prefer coupons. The
two provisoes of this bill amount to this: that the
holder of stock who desired the evidence of his
ownership to be on the books of the Register might
have it so, and those who desired the other mode
might have it. He knew not any law in which
there had been a limitation of the amount of the
stock to be issued. He was not apprehensive that
the Secretary of the Treasury would enter upon
the plan of issuing dollar certificates, as his col-
league appeared to apprehend. If his colleague
[Mr. Sawyer] thought the Secretary would do so,
he (Mr. V.) had no objection to the restriction.
He then withdrew his motion, having only made
it to give himself an opportunity to make these
observations.
Mr. SAWYER replied, if the gentleman from
Ohio was not afraid that the Secretary would do
it, stiil there could be no impropriety in the amend-
ment, which would put it out of the power of the
Secretary to do it.
Mr. VINTON said he had already told the gen-
tleman he had no objection to the amendment,
though all the laws heretofore passed have no such
restriction. He had, however,he repeated, no ob-
jection to this bill undergoing the modification sug-
gested by his colleague.
Mr. McKAY hoped his friend from Ohio [Mr.
Sawyer] would withdraw his proposition; for as
the bill now stood, facilities would be afforded by
it for the negotiation of the loan. He would, how-
ever, be willing to limit the issuing of stock to
sums not less than $50. He mi«ht be willing to
go to $100, but he should not be willing to make
any provision that would prevent people of moder-
ate means lending to their Government their §50
or $100. Many had small sums who could not
lend large amounts, anil he was desirous to give
them the opportunity to invest those small means
on the security of the Government
be a quarter or a half cent below par. -The Gov-
ernment must have money to meet the expenses
which it has incurred, whether its stock was above
or below par, and he supposed money, like every-
thing else, had a market value.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. GENTRY moved to insert after the word
"par," the words "until the same shall have been
advertised a reasonable time, and proposals for
subscription to said loan incited; and the said
Secretary, if he deem itforthe interest ofthe Uni-
ted States so to do, is hereby authorized to accept
such proposals as shall offer the highest price for
said stock, or any part thereof."
I Mr. G. said the bill under consideration proposed
to authorize the Government to obtain a loan to
the amount of sixteen millions of dollars, and to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
Government stock at six per cent., but he was not
allowed to sell it below par. He (Mr. G.) pro-
posed to remove this restriction. This money was
needed to meet the liabilities already incurred, and
to pay for contracts already made; and, though
they learned fi^om the papers of the day that Gov-
ernment six per cent, stock was selling at par, it
was a well-known fact that nothing was so fluctua-
ting as the market value of stocks. To-day it might
be at par; to-morrow at a premium; and the next
day below par. No man could foresee for six days
what the market value would be; no man could
say what the Government stock would sell at six,
eight, or ten days hence; nor could any man say
when the drafts drawn on the Government m Mex-
ico would be sent in. But the Government must
have the means to meet them, come when tney
mMit, and also its other liabilities. He held it to
be the duty of this Congress, in authorizing a loan,
to put it in such a shape as would enable the Gov-
ernment to meet its liabilities m all events that
mis-lit occur. That it was the duty of this Govern-
ment to maintain its credit would be controverted
I by none; but, under the existing circumstancesm
I which the Government was nowplaced, it seemed
; to him that every consideration of patriotism and
i sound policy required the Congress of the united
; States to guard against the possible occurrence of
this nation presenting before the nations of tho
earth the spectacle of being a boriower, and yet
unable to borrow in the market. He hoped the
opinion which had been expressed, that this six
pn- cent, stock could he negotiated would be real-
I ized. The adoption of his amendment would ill
no deorfH1 chnn^c that state of tilings. He knev/
it would be objected to his amendment, that if it
were adopted,'capitalists might combine and com--
el the Government to sell its stock below par; but
Mr. SAWYER complied with tho request of " lie could not think that such a combination need
the gentleman from North Carolina, and withdrew I be apprehended. Thiswas a very bioad union,
his amendment. || nay, the Secretary was not even restricted to this
Mr. McKAY then submitted another proviso, II Union; hecouki send agents abioaa, " P •
"that no certificate of stock shall be issued for ' ~ then, he could no un my
treasury notes.
24
less amounts than $50." This amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WM. T. LAWRENCE proposed to add,
after the word " certificates," the words " of not
less than §500 each."
Mr. McLANEsaid this amendment was incon-
sistent with the preceding one, adopted on the
motion of the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. McKay.] He, therefore, moved to strike
out " §500" and insert " $50." He was desirous
to obviate all prohibitions of deposits by small
capitalists.
After some conversation thereon, Mr. McLANE
withdrew his amendment.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Law-
rence,]" and it. was rejected.
Mr. GREGORY moved to add, after the word
" par," the words " in the city of New York, or
be hypothecated for any loan of money thereon."
Rejected.
Mr. MEADE moved to strike out the first pro-
viso, in these words: " Provided, That no part of
said stock be sold below par." He presumed it
was not intended by the House to leave the Gov-
These were his objections to the >! ernment without money, in case its stock should
, Such a' combination, then, he could not think any
' capitalists here would attempt, and, if they did, he
; saw nothing to fear from it. .
! The Chairman's hammer announced the expira-
I tion of the gentleman's five minutes.
! Mr. F1CKLIN moved to strike out all that por-
' tion of the amendment which provided for adver-
tising, with a view to make a few remarks in reply
i to the gentleman from Tennessee. He would
! say to that gentleman, that the experiment had
i been tried which he desired again to hazard, and
I the result was, that the stocks of the Government
directly after went down in a most ruinous man-
; ner—even as low as thirty per cent, on stock, and
! fifty per cent, on treasury notes. This, he was
understood to say, was during the war of 18J4;
I since which time there has been no authority
! to sell six per cent, stock for less than par. Uis-
' aster had attended a subsequent similar experime
and such would be the result now, an tuiW
the Government would be seriously affected. Rahe
than adopt the amendment of the gentleman from
to saTand h?e now withdrew his amendment.
The question was then taken on Mr. Gentry s
amendment, and it was rejected.
