1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
371
have any operation whatever, by way of security
to the holder of the stock, it must be construed to
provide for the setting apart the receipts from cus-
toms as they were received, as a sinking fund, to
reimburse the whole loan, before anything was
applied to any other purpose except the principal
$nd interest of the loan.
But Mr. R. thought that it was very proper to
pledge the faith of the Government, not only to
pay the interest of the loan, but to make provision
by law annually to appropriate a sum sufficient
Dot only to pay the interest, but such a sum as a
sinking fund as would reimburse the whole loan
at its maturity. It was most improvident legisla-
tion to grant large loans and make no'provision for
their reimbursement. The expenses of the two
years endmgnext July, by the report of the Secre-
tary of tf\e Treasury, would exceed the income
from the customs, public lands, and all miscellane-
ous sources, by at least fifty-five millions of dol-
lars, and, after deducting the balance on hand at
the commencement of these two years, the excess
would be at least forty-sjx millions, for which no
provision was made except by borrowing. It was
clearly the duty of Congress,at its present session,
to make some provision by an increase of duties
for this large deficit. The only provision recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Treasury was a
duty on tea and coffee, and the wise scheme of
reducing the price of the public lands. The only
friend of the Administration who may be said to
have discussed this bill at all, was one of the
Committee of "Ways and Means, who had tacitly'
abandoned.this last source of revenue, and avowed
his preference for a direct tax as the best mode of
increasing the revenues of the country. The tax
on tea and coffee was defeated on a direct vote in
the House of Representatives last year, when the
friends of the Administration had a majority of
seventy in this House, and no one supposes that
either that proposition or one to impose a direct tax
can prevail. The amount proposed to be raised by
ft tea and coffec tt*c was comparatively trifling.
The clear duty of Congress, in his view, was to
adopt such a modification of existing revenue laws
as would increase the receipts into the treasury
annually at least ten millions of dollars. Such a
measure could not appropriately be embraced in
this bill, but he hoped would be seriously acted on
by Congress during its present session.
He should vote for this-bill, because the money
proposed to be raised by it was needed to pay the
existing debts of the nation, for the payment of
which no one denied the liability, and he was
against all repudiation, either by the States or the
General Government.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. STRONG moved to amend the fourth sec-
tion by striking out all after the enacting words,
and inserting—
That the faith of the United States is heieby pledged to
provide and establish sullicient revenues for the regular pay-
ment of the interest ami Tor the redemption of said stock.
Mr. STRONG explained and enforced his amend-
ment. He ohjec.tcd to the whole principle of pledg-
ing in a special manner any particular portion of
the revenues of the country to the payment of this
debt. Jf we obtained this money we obtained it
on the faith of the Government, and if the customs
were specially pledged, it would be after all but
giving the faith of the Government. The public
creditor had no more to rely upon in the one case
than in the other; in all cases they must rely on
the faith, on the credit of the Government.
Any additional pledge was, therefore, wholly
unnecessary; and it was, moreover, unusual. In
looking back to the loans made by the Govern-
ment during the last war he did not find any spe-
cific pledge; the only pledge was the general one,
that the United States would raise u sufficient
amount of revenue for the payment of the public
debt, whatever it might be.
But we had already pledged the proceeds of the
public lands by the loan bill of the last session.
They were now entirely beyond our control. If
we now proceeded to pledge the proceeds of the
customs for the payment of this interest, what
would we have to pledge when we came again to
authorize another loan? Nothing but what was
already mortgaged. There was no precedent, no
reason whatever why the creditor of the Govern-
ment should call upon it for any specific pledge,
And he did not believe there was any such call.
The amsodment was agteed to.
Mr. ROCKWELL moved tfie following as a
new section, to come in after the fourth section :
That there be annually appropriated, as a sinking fun3,
such sum from the resources as wilt reimburse the enliru
loan at its maturity. • '
The amendment was rejected.
The 5th section being under consideration, in
the following words:
Sec. 5. J2nd be ti further enacted. That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, anq he is heieby, authorized to purchase,
at any tune before the period'herein limited tor the redemp-
tion of the stock hereby created, such poition thereof at the
market price, not bdow par,as the funds ot the Government
may admit of, after meeting all the demands on the treasu-
ry; antlauy surplus that lieieafter may be-in the ueaaury is
hereby appropriated to that object.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved an amend-
ment, to strike out the words u not below par."
Mr. E. said a few words in support of his amend-
ment, but was not heard so as to be reported.
The question being taken, the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. POLLOCK moved to amend so as to make
it read "at par." He argued that it was proper
that the stock should be redeemed at par; not
above par, or below par. The Government, in
purchasing the stock," should pay no more or no
less than the face of it. If our stocks were at par,
a,nd could be purchased, let the Government re-
deem them when the means in the treasury would
admit; if it could not be done at par, it was better
to' pay the interest, and the Government should
not attempt to buy up its own stock at less than
par. Equal and exact justice should characterize
all its transactions, us those of every good citizen.
The question being taken, the amendment was
rejected. i
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, moved to strike
out the word " below," and insert " above,7' so as I
to make it read not above par."
He thought the House would certainly not in-
sist upon the provisions of the section as it now
stood. If the Government had the means in its .
treasury to redeem this stock, and it was selling in j
the market below par, he argued that it should be ;
at liberty to go out on an equal footing with indi- :
vidual purchasers, and buy at the market price.
If the stocks of the Government were selling in
open market at 80 or 90 per cent., and the Gov-
ernment were required to purchase at par, it would
allow the Government to choose its favorites,
whose stock it saw lit to take, and would be doing
injustice to all others. He trusted the Govern-
ment would be allowed to buy its stocks on the
best terms it could, not above par.
The amendment was rejected.
The fith and last section was read and agreed to
without amendment or modification.
The bill having been gone through—
Mr. McKAY moved a substitute therefor, of.
thirteen printed pages. The proceedings will ex-
plain its leading provisions.
Mr. McKAY observed that there was a section
in his substitute proposing a tax on tea and coifee,
which, under thedecision of the Chair yesterday,
he did not know whether it would be considered
in order. Thqse loan bills, however, had always#
been considered purely revenue bills. It had been
decided over and over again that the Senate could
not originate a loan bill; that it was in the nature
of a tax bill; and therefore he took it, if this prop-
osition were true, (and the uniform practice of the
House had been m conformity with it,) that the
decision announced by the Chairman on yesterday, ;
when his friend from Maryland [Mr. McLaneJ
i offered an amendment proposing a tax on tea and
coffee, was erroneous, and that it was clearly not
out of order. i
The CHAIRMAN was understood to say, that
the decision by which he ruled the amendment of i
the gentleman from Maryland out of order, would 1
by no means involve the decision that this section i
was out of order—U being one section of an entire
bill which was offered as a substitute for the bill of
the committee. \
Mr. McKAY was very happy to hear that such j
was the decision of the Chair, and he would ac- j
cordingly offer the substitute of which he had given j
notice, and which had been printed and laid on i
their tables. ^ j
Of course it would not be expected, that in the
five minutes which were allowed him he should
attempt to go into an explanation of the various
' provisions of the substitute which he offered. He
had expected to address the, House during-the de-
bate, but the state of his healjth had laeen'such as
to prevent him; and now, if the previous question,
was not moved and seconded in the House, ne
should take occasion, before the bill was passed, to*s
give his views; otherwise he should do it when
the deficiency bill came up. He shQuld endeavor
to show fhat there was great deception on theother
side of the House in respect to the condition of the
finanpes.
This substitute was simply a copy of the bill
passed at the last session authorizing the issue of
treasury notes and a loan, with some amendments.
One of these was the provision, that, when re-
quired, coupons might be attached to the certifi-
cates of stock, and they then be made transferable
by delivery instead of upon the books of the
Treasury alone.
Another variation from the bill of last session—
and a very important one—consisted in the pro-
viso to the first section, that the amount of treas-
ury notes outstanding at any one time under this
and all preceding acts of Congress should not ex-
ceed twenty millions of dollars. He had put in
this proviso at the suggestion of gentlemen on the
other side, who gave him some assurances; but he
did not expect to see them act up to them. He
meant, they were not bound at all by intimations
which they gave out of the House. He knew they
were pretty much machines here—going along in
masses. He often did it himself—he acknowl-
edged the fact.
Passing by other considerations, he would state
the reason why lie considered treasury notes pre-
ferable to a loan. It was that these treasmy notes
formed a sort of temporary floating d^bt, which, in
ease pcacc should be shortly concluded,#the Gov-
ernment would be enabled to pay off 
Mr. McKay was here arrested midway in a
sentence, amid roars of laughter, by the fall ol the
Chairman's hammer.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, moved to
strike out the first section of the substitute, which
is as follows :
"That the President of the United States is heieby
nuthoiized to cau<e treasury notes, for such sum oi sums* as
the exigencies of the Government may require, but not cx^
eeedmg in the whole amount of notes issued the sum of
fifteen millions of dollars, and of denominations not le^s
than fifty dollars for anyone note, to be piepared, signed,
and issued in the manner hereinafter provided: Provided,
That the amount of treasury notes ousMuittfuig at any one
lime, that maybe i-«ued under thm and ali preceding .lets of
Conpress, shall not exceed twenty millions of dollars.."
Mr. S. denounced the proposition as an attempt,
in conncction with the sub-treasury, to establish a
vast Government bank—a non-specie-paying bank,
issuing millions upon millions of paper, without a
dollar of specie to ledecm it. Treasury notes uie
now below par: inoieuse their amount to the ex-
tent now proposed, and they \vill sink greatly
below par; and of course every dollar of revenue
will then be paid in treasury notes, which the
treasury was bound to receive at par. Having
nothing but treasury notes, they could payjiothmg
else: when the old pensioner or his widow, when
the soldier or his heirs, call for their pay, they must
take treasury notes or nothing—that, or starve.
They tvould be taken, and carried over the street to
Messrs. Corcoran & Riggs, (Mr. Walker's favorite
bankers,) and sold at, perhaps, ten or fifteen per
cent, discount, and then Messrs. Corcoran &. Riggs
would walk over to-the treasury and fund (hem at
six per cent., payable half-yearly. This was a
scheme to enrich bankers and money-sha\ers, at
the expense of the poor and honest people of the
country. They must have the money; they can-
not do without it; they must submit to the sacrifice,
lie was opposed to this whole paper-money sys-
tem—a system to make " the rich richer, and the
poor poorer;" a system to enrich bankers, brokers,
and misers, at the expense of honest men. He.
would go for no such a swindling system as this.
These treasury notes must depreciate; they could
not be redeemed; they would be no better than the
paper of a suspended bank. *
Look, sir, at the fact: your expenditures exceed-
ing your entire revenue more than forty millions
a year; requiring ten dollars a head for every tax-
payer in the United States per annum, together
with all our present revenues, to pay the expenses
of this war. The taxables of the bnited btptes
are estimated at four millions—being one-fittli ot
our population. Could they bear this increased
burden of-ten dollars? head ? To borrow was but
to postpone, a d aggravate the evil day wheo it
