872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
came. In this state of things, what is proposed by i
this Administration and its friends here ? To put
a miserable duty on tea and coffee. Yes; take it
off wine, as was yesterday proposed by his col-
league, [Mr. C. J. Ingersoli.,] and put it on tea
and coffee! take the duty off his own wine, and put
it on the old lady's tea and the poor man's coffee!
But this would amount to nothing; it wus*" a drop
in the bucket." But, sir, we have a plan on this
side of the House that will be alike effective and
beneficial. We can give you a tariff on the basis
of the act of 1842 that will afford adequate pro-
tection to the national industry, and give you ten
or twelve millions a year more revenue than you
now receive.
But the gentleman from New York [Mr. Nicoll]
boasted that our imports were doubled recently,
while our exports had fallen off one-half. And
must not.ruin inevitably follow such a state of
things ? Might not a man, who was buying and
consuming every day double as much as" he"sold,
as well boast of his prospenty ? Ruin was just as
certain to the nation as it would be to the individ-
ual guilty of such folly and extravagance. These
enormous importations were not only carrying
a.way our specie and Government stocks by mil-
lions, but they were breaking down American es-
tablishments. Accounts of failures were reaching
us daily, and to a vast extent. Yes, sir, and these
failures arc made the theme of exultation by the
" Union," the official paper, the organ of this Ad-
ministration, which rejoices at the ruin of the im-
mense American manufacturing establishments—
rejoices that they aie broken down by the British
—fey British importations. Sir, I will give you
the words o'f*he editor of the " Union" in his pa-
per of yesterday morning. In speaking of the fail-
ure of several large establishments, and among
others of an immense iron establishment at Wor-
cester, he says:
" ft is perhaps foitinrate for tlicffio.it nnn interest that the
extravagance of some of thorn that have [rone hoailiou? into
it tins heen *o soonarnMed by the jroti suthienlv thrown into
this maikrt from the [evulsions m Great Butain."
"Ves,sir, fortunate that American manufactures
have been ai rested, bioke down by the British, by ]
'' British iron suddenly thrown into our markets."
Such are the British sentiments of this American ]
official—President Polk and Secretary Walker's |
organ. But this is not all. Alluding to these :
fnatteis, the organ further says, " it is an ill wind 1
that blows no good." Itis a good wind that blows -
in Britisn goods, blowsup American manufactures,
and blows back their ships filled with American spe-
cie and stocks. This is the wind for the British and
this American organ; but it is a wind, a sirocco that
brings death to American industry. But what !
next ? He next says: " The salutary check which !
the iron-masters are receiving will he a good les- '
son to every prudent, man." Yes, sir, >' a strtuta- S
ry check." Stop American manufactures, and turn
them, men, women, and children, out without em-
ployment to sume, to support British labor and
send our money to pay for British iron, made by
British labor, out of British eoal, ore, and agricul-
tural produce consumed in its manufacture,'while
our own farmers are deprived of these great home '
markets for their produce. American labor turn- '
ed out to beg, and American coal and ore left i
useless in our mountains. And this is " a food I
lesson," says Mr. Polk's organ ! Sir, the Am ri- :
can people, when they read this, will give him and i
his pasUsans "a. good lesson*' and " & sa.luto.ry '
check ' at the polls, which they will not soon for- !
geV, , ■ ■ !
but this is not all. In conclusion: the "Union" I
says, "fire trade" will give them a market for their i
goods in distant countries, and even in the face of i
the English Manchester itself; and will, in the end, j
give their great interest a much better protection i
than the stringent tariff of 1842.
Free trade a better protection than the tariff of
JS42! What does this mean? The protection
winch the wolf, "in the well-known fable of
yEsnp," gave the lamb; and under "free trade,"
v/e are to export goods to England—to "Man-
chester"—to''distant countries/'' When? When
by " free trade'' American labor is brought down
to the level of the labor " in those distant coun-
tries," and below it, and not before. You must
work longer, and harder, and cheaper, and sell
cheaper before you can send your goods to Man-
chester; and the " Union "and its supporters know
it; and this is the condition to which they intend to
bring the free people and prosperous labor of this
country—12| cents a day. This is the inevitable
result of their system. And with " free trade"
where is your revenue ? -it is gone—every dollar
of it—and you must draw your whole revenue by
direct taxation from labor reduced to 12J cents a
day. This is the result—the certain result of the
" free-trade" policy of this Administration. There
is no escape from it. What will the people of this
country say to such a system? I refer the ques-
tion to their decision.
Before the question was taken on Mr. Stew-
art's motion—
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved to
add, at the end of the first section, the words " in-
cluding the amount authorized to be hypothecated,
in pursuance of the provisions of this act and
other acts of Congress."
Mr. R., in support of the amendment, said that
the amount of treasury notes outstanding, and in
the possession of the treasury, was within about
half a million of the whole amount which, by the
provisions of this substitute, the Secretary was au-
thorized to keep out at any one time; except so
far as the notes should be funded, the whole addi-
tional amount authorized to be issued of these
treasury notes specified would be only that sum—
of a half a million of dollars. It was conceded that
this would be the result of the passing of the sub-
stitute. He was apprehensive that some evasion
might be attempted of this provision in the substi-
tute,, or the Administration would soon find itself
seriously embarrassed if this their favorite measure
should prevail. The Secretary might, under the
provisions of this substitute, obtain a loan on the
hypothecation of the treasury notes, and the ob-
ject of the amendment was to render the section
clear, and to provide expressly what was indeed
agreed to be the fair construction of the act, that
the notes hypothecated should be deemed a part of
the twenty millions allowed to be issued and out-
standing of the notes authorized under this act and
the preceding loan acts, and not in addition to that
sum.
The amendment, was rejected.
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, moved to amend
by adding the words, " but no treasury notes shall
be issued under this act until the President shall
have nominated and the Senate confirmed the
nomination of commissioners to negotiate a peace
with Mexico." Rejected.
The question then recurred on the motion of Mr.
Stewart to strike out the first section, and it was
rejected.
The second section was then read.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, moved to strike out that
section. Lost.
Mr. GREGORY then moved to amend it by
adding the words, " on all notes of the denomina-
tion of $100 and- upwards, but no rate of interest
shall be paid on any note of a lower denomina-
tion." Rejected.
The fourth section having been read—
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL moved to add to the
clause which authorizes the issue of a part of the
treasury notes to such persons as choose to receive
them " at par." the \fords " or at a rate below the
market price."
lie said these evidences of debt might be dis-
posed of in "a variety of ways. They might be
given for monevthat might be borrowed, or they
might be hypothecated or pledged under particu-
lar circumstances: and all this would give the Sec-
retary of the Tieasurv a great power, and enable
him to exercise favoritism. Hemight let them go
at par, when in reality they were worth a great
deal more. -.Treasury notes have, almost in all
instances, risen above par. He thought his friend
from Pennsylvania (supposed to be an allusion to
Mr. Stewart) was mistaken when he supposed
that at this moment they were not at par. How-
ever, the Secretary of the Treasury ought to be
prohibited from selecting favored individuals to
whom to issue them at better rates than they would
I be taken at by otners. Whether, therefore, the
i substitute should be ultimately adopted or not, he
; desired the amendment to be now made, to guard
| against even the possibility of favoritism bein°-
j allowed to be vested in a single individual by a
i treasury note bill.
i The amendment was adopted.
Mr. GREGORY moved to strike out all the con-
eluding part of the section. Lost,
The sections from the 5th to the 17th, inclusive,
were respectively read, and no amendments of-
fered.
The 18th section having been read—
Mr. GRINNELL, submitted an amendment to
strike out all relating to the receiving of proposals
and appointing agents to negotiate the loan, and
to insert the amendment which on his motion was
attached to the bill reported by the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means. It was
adopted.
Section 19 was passed without amendment.
Section £0 having been read—
Mr. McKAY moved to amend it by striking out
the words "principal of and;" so as to pledge
the revenue aiising from customs for the payment
of the interest only, and not the principal. The
amendment was agieed to. «
Section SI having been read—
Mr. COLLAMER moved to add at the end'of
the section a provision to repeal the tariff act of
1846, and revive the tariff act of 1842v He said,
if they were to begin a system of new taxation,
he preferred that they should have a system by
which it was perfectly clear they could realize nine
millions of dollars more on importations. He
thought the exigencies of the Government would
require this amount, at the same time that it would
give some protection to our own industry,and save
the Government from the necessity of making any
loons whatever.
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired if the effect of
"this amendment would not be to revive the tariff
act of 1842.
[Loud cries of "Yes."]
Mr. McLANE inquired if the 21st section of
the substitute to which this amendment was offered
was itself m order. The Chair had heretofore
decided that amendments which proposed taxation
were not in order as amendments to a bill which
proposed to raise a loan; yet such was the charac-
ter of this section.
A Ions: conversation ensued oft this point.
The CHAIR decided that the section was part
of an entire substitute, which the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. McKay,] a member of the
Committee of Ways and Means, had reported on
behalf of the minority of that committee. It was
referred by the House to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, was read and
acted upon by the committee, and hence the objec-
tion came too late.
Several appeals were taken from the decision of
the Chair; but, after much desultory discussion,
they were withdrawn, and the decision of the
Chair acquiesced in.
Tellers were then called for on Mr. Collamer's
amendment, and Messrs. Boyd arid Pollock were
appointed: and they reported 84 in the affirmative
and 95 in the negative; so the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. "WENTWORTH moved the addition of a
proviso to the 21st section, in the following words.
slnd he it further fn order to ptill fuithermerea:-e
t!nn n venue, that all land* belonging to the United States
which hruv been m market and Mibject to entry for ten
>ear^« and not mote than fifteen years:, may be entered at
one ilolhu pel aeio ; all lands belonging to the United States,
winch have boon in market and suhjeet to entry for fif-
teen years, and not more than twenty-five years, may be
entem] at seventy five cents per aoe; and all such lands
which have been in market and subject to entry tor more
than twemy-fivp \ eai 5, may ne entered at fifty cente per
ac«e j and all such lands which have been in market and
subject to e.ntiy for more than thiny \ears, mav be enured
at twenty-five cents p< r acre; and all suoh lands which
have been in maiftn and suhiect to entry for more than
thirty-five years *fcall be granted to the States in which they
lie.
The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of order
on the ground of irrelevancy.
Mr. WENTWORTH inquired if the statement
of the object for which the reductions were pro-
poped to be made did not make it relevant.
The CHAIR replied in the negative, inasmuch
as a preamble was not part of a bill.
Mr. WENTWORTH then moved to strikeout
the words from Mr. McKay's substitute which
proposed to limit taxation on tea and coffee to two
years after the exchange of the ratification of
a treaty of peace. He said he viewed the taxa-
tion of tea and coffee and the war both as great
evils, and he wished to get rid of both at the same
time. 5
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. McCLELLAND movgji to strike out " two
years," and insert " one year." Lost.
