1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
373
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved to
'strike out all this 21st section, levying a tax on tea
and coffee, and insert the following:
In addition to the duties now levied and collected on the
following article'?, there shall be ievied^and collected on silks
and the manufactures of silk, on all kinds of linen and the
manufactures of hnen, on iron anil the manufaerthcsof iron,
and steel and manufactures thereof, and glass, ten per cent.;
and on the free lists under existing huvs, a duty of fifteen
per cent., excepting on gold and silver, on goods, wares, ami
merchandise, the growth, produce, or manufacture of the
United States, exported froi# tlie same, and brought hack
again, as provided for in schedule f of the act of July 30,
1843; al o, statuary and paintings, wearing apparel actually
in n^e, and other personal effects not ineiehandis-e, profes-
sional books, implements, instruments, and tools of trade,
occupation, or employment of persons arriving in the Uni-
ted States; which said duties shall be and lemain collect-
able for and durinij the continuance ot the war with Mexico,
and for one year tnereafter, and no longer.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WENTWGRTH moved to add at the end
of the section the words "and the duty on salt
shall cease from and after the passage of this act."
Lost.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, rose and said he was
about to do that which he feared would, in all
probability, bring- him in contact with the opinions
of many of those with whom he usually agteed.
He moved to strike out from the third line the
words il coBee and," and the provisoes to the sec-
tion. He supposed he should bring- down on his
head a portion of the community, but he was re-
sponsible only to his constituents, and he should
endeavor to carry out his pledges on this occasion,
and on all others. Having pledged himself to his
constituents that he would vote against any bill
brought into-this House to tax coffee, he trusted
that would be a sufficient apology fur his motion
to strike out such portions of the section as pro-
posed to do that which he was pledged to op-
pose.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. GREGORY moved to add: " And in order
to increase the revenue, that the revenue duties
levied by virtue of the act-of July, 1846, be in-
creased one-sixth on each and every item on the
amount now assessed1<bto commence on the 1st
day of July next, and to be continued during the
existence of the war deb*t, which increased duty
is hereby pledged for the payment of the interest
on the loan hereby created, and to provide for the
redemption of the principal." Rejected.
Mr. KING, of Massachusettst-moved to amend
by striking out the words " after the passage of
this act," and insert " from and after the 1st day
of May next." Rejected.
Mr.WENTWORTH moved an amendment, to
add at the end of section 21 the following:
Jlndbcit further cnadctU That from and aOei the p;i*-u:}0
of tin* act, tbete shall ho collected bj the marshals hi ihe
weveial district* ot the United States, under such 1 emulation*,
as nhall bo pie,scnbod by the Srciefaryol the TreaMiiy, an
annual tax of 0') p< rci-nt. u<1 valorem. <>n all gnld and ,-ilvci
ware exceeding in value fitly dollais; and in all cases where
the marshals shall not themselves collect this duly, they are
hereby authorised to employ the asi-ew-or, collector, tiherul,
or coroner, m each of the t>ame counties or panshc* of the
several State-*, to aid them in collecting *aid tuv ; and a
compensation of ono per ccnt. shall be allowed on the
amount of tax collected and paid over under the provisions
of this act.
Mr. W. said he should quote no authority in
support of the amendment he had offered, because
it was one which his own mind approved. But he
knew there were gentlemen who looked, in form-
ing their course, to the opinions of others. To
such he would say that this amendment was but
a transcript of one offered by the present Secretary
of the Treasury when a Senator, whilst the tariff
of 1842 was pending-. In his speech made in the
Senate at that session, he demonstrated that an
amount of five or ten millions might be raised from
that source alone. [A voice : " Yes; from twenty
to thirty millions."] Now, if gentlemen thought
the Secretary correct, he hoped they would not
reject this amendment to the bill. ,
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HAMMONS moved to strike out the en-
tire section under consideration—viz : the 21st.
Rejected.
Mr. GRINNELL moved to strike out the 22d
section of the substitute. Rejected.
The 23d section was read and agreed to.
The 24th section was read.
Mr. INGE moved to amend so as to require the
Secretary of the Treasury to report weekly to
Congress the amount of treasury notes issued
under this act.
Mr. INGE said he had submitted this motion j
to amend with a view_ of replying to one remark !
which had been made by his colleague [Mr. Cobb,] j
in relation to the tax upon coffee. He felt bound ;
to say that in what his colleague had done he had :
not reflected the feelings of the people of Alabama, j
[Several voices : " Is this in order?"] Mr I. said !
he felt bound to say so, not only as a represent-
ative of his own constituents, [here Mr. I. was
called to order,] but in relation to both parties in
Alabama. The gentleman had told the committee
that he was acting under pledges.
Here the CHAIR reminded Mr. I. that these
remarks were not relevant to the amendment or to
the bill, and were out of order.
Mr. INGE. The gentleman has said here, that
he is acting under pledges. I say [cries of "or-
der"]—f say that no part of his own district will
sustain him. I believe that it would be a foul re-
flection on the people of Alabama.
The CHAIR again interposed and called Mr.
Inge to order.
Mr. INGE. I entertain no unkind feelings to-
wards that gentleman.
The CHAIR here warned Mr. Inge, that if he
continued to violate the order of the House, he
would be ordered to take his seat.
Mr. INGE said he was sorry he had felt con-
strained to go counter to the order of the House;
his only object had been to reply to the remarks
of his colleague : he now withdrew his amend-
ment.
Mr. COBB was anxious to'make a rejoinder, i
but the House refused leave. J j
The 24th section was then agreed to. |
The question recurred on agreeing to the substi- !
tutc as amended. Decided by tellers: Ayes 82, !
noes 104. So the substitute was disagreed to.
Mr. McKAY then proposed to modify his sub- <
stitute by striking out the twenty-first and twenty- j
second sections, (the former proposing a tax on j
tea and coffee, and ttie latter appropriating twenty j
thousand dollars to defray the expenses of issuing j
treasury notes,) and also by raising the amount of j
treasury notes to be authorized to sixteen millions; I
and this modified proposition he now moved as a
substitute for the bill as amended.
Mr. STEPHENS raised the point, that the
committee having refused to insert one substitute,
no other could be offered.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order;
and, an appeal being taken by Mr. STEPHENS,
he fortified himself by reading from Jefferson's
Manual.
After some conversation, and amid not a little
confusion and excitement in the House, Mr. S.
waived the appeal.
Mr. ASIIMUN inised the point, that it was not
in order to offer the substitute again—it being, as
modified, substantially the same proposition upon
which the committee had just voted.
The CHAIRMAN overruled this point of order.
Mr. VINTON appealed from the decision ; hut,
amid the confusion of the House, the appeal was
not again heard of by the reporter. It was, he
believes, not insisted on.
The modified substitute then retaining its posi-
tion as the, pendins: proposition—
Mr. McKAY said he regretted exceedingly that
his friends on this side of the House had not
brought themselves up to vote for the proposition
(contained in his first substitute) for a lax on tea
and coffee. If they had not nerve enough to vote
for it, they had no right to expect the other side
of the House would. We (said he) are the per-
sons who have brought on this war, and we
are properly responsible for all its consequences,
[roars of laughter,] and we ou«ht to provide the
means for carrying it on. What I mean is, that
we on this side arc the advocates and supporters of
1 the war. What do you suppose the whole amount
I of this enormous tax will be, of which gentlemen
, are so afraid ? I have a number of tables before me,
which I will publish, that the country may see \fhat
' this monstrous tax upon tea and coffee amounts to.
It amounts to a charge of only thirteen cents upon
each individual in the United States.
Mr. McK. said there was a difference in the
amount of tieasury notes proposed to be .issued
by the present substitute and that which was pro-
posed in his first amendment. This proposed the
amount of $16,000,000 of treasury notes; the sub-
stitue of the minority of the Committee of Ways
and Means proposed $15,000,000, because they
supposed that,,if the tax were laid upon tea and
coffee it would yield at least one million of dollars
for the remainder of the year. $ut the committee
having refused to insert this, he had increased the
proposed amount to $16,000,000.
This brought up the naked question, then, be-
fore the committee, whether they would authorize^
a competent loan by treasury notes and stock, or
whether they would take the stock alone, and
place this Government, in this perilous period of ^
her history, completely in the power of the capi-
talists of the country ? Why, your treasury notes
have always been superior during time of war to
stock loans. As was remarked by his friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Ficklin,] during the last war with
Great Britain your treasury notes never fell below
17 per cent, under par, while your Government
stock was down to 30 per cent, below par. And
"during times of loans, from 1837 down to the
present time, your treasury notes have been supe-
rior to your stock. And what is this monstrous
difference between treasury notes and stock, about
which gentlemen on the other side talk so much?
Talk about a Government bank, as the gentleman
from Pennsylvania declared the issue of treasury
notes would make! The proposition was absurd.
The simple feature of a bank •
*The hammer here fell.
The question being taken on this second substi-
tute by tellers, the vote stood : Ayes 104, noes
105.
So the modified substitute of Mr. McKay was
rejected.
Mr. STEPHENS moved that the committeenow
rise and report the bill to the House.
Mr. McKAY was desirous of offering another
substitute. •
Mr. TOOMCS contended that it was not in or-
dor for him to do it. The bill reported fiom the
committee had been gone through with section by
section, and the gentleman's substitute had been
fully considered and rejected. The duty of the
committee was now to report the original bill as
amended.
The CHAIR was understood to rule Mr. Mc-
Kay to be in order; and referred to a rule of the
House which declared, that though one substi-
tute was rejected, it did not preclude the offering
of another.
Mr. McKAY then moved the substitute which
he desired, which consisted of the bill reported by
the majority of the committee, .with an alteration
ji making the amount of the loan seventeen millions;
jl making also the certificates of stock receivable in
;j payment of the public dues, and (111 an additional
■ i section) authorizing the issue of treasury notes for
' such proportion of the amount as in the opinion of
| the President may be required by the public inter-
; ests; provided that the whole amount of treasury
j note* outstanding at any one time under this and
j! all previous acts shall not exceed twenty millions;
'| and provided that the treasury notes hereby au-
thorized shall be issued under all the conditions,
ij restrictions, and limitations imposed by the act of
j' 28th January, 1847, authorizing the issue of treaa-
j: ury notes.
The CHAIR said it was but another form of
! modification of the substitute which had been
:j already gone through with; and he ruled it out of
|i order.
\' Mr McKAY replied with warmth; and took an
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
j But the decision was affirmed by a vote of the
i committee taken by tellers: Ayes 105.
The committee then rose and reported the bill of
, the majority of the Committee of Ways and Means
as amended.
j Mr. VINTON moved the previous question,
> which was seconded: Ayes 106, noes 104.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Aikausas moved that the
House adjourn. Decided in the negative: Ayes 84,
> noes 115.
The main question was then ordered to be put;
1 which main question was, Will the House concur
; with the Committee of the Whole in their amend-
ments? and the several amendments of the Com-
! mittee of the Whole were separately agreed-to.
The bill, as thus amended, provides as follows:
, Be it enacted frc., That the President of the United States
be and he is hereby authorized, at any time \vith«n u,i" ve.jr
; from the passage of tin? act, to bonmv, on the credit ofjbe
! United States, a sum not exceeding sixteen million* of dol-
! lars, or so much thereof as in his opinion the ex^.-neit-a
[ of the Government may requite, at a rate ot not
! exceeding six per centum per Snnuin. pajabh quarter!* or
