1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
375
Santa Anna while he was a prisoner and under
duress. The same treaty was proposed to Santa
Anna, when he was first taken, and refused by
M m_. It was tfieri made with Pilisola, who was
not a prisoner, and who was at the head of five
thousand men, while the Texans only amounted to
one thousand. It was ratified by the Government
of Mexico, for very good reasons—not to save the
life of Santa Anna, but to save the Central Govern-
ment, which was in danger of being overthrown.
TJhe title of Texas did not rest on this treaty.
It was clear without it. The Mexicans retired
beyond the Rio Giande. They had never since
supposed that they had any claim on that side the
Rio Grande. Pilisola retired beyond the Rio
Grande. The Texans took possession of the ter-
ritory, and had kept possession of it ever since.
It was occupied (jhiefly by the widows of those
who had fallen in the contest with Santa Anna
when he attempted to overthrow the Government
of Tex^is. Texas could never be induced to with-
draw protection from these widows and_ their
orphans.
He stated that there was never a custom-house
atBrazos. The custom-house was atMatamoros.
He explained the circumstances which had led to
the putting in of vessels at Brazos. He stated
that Laredo was a Mexican port, which was re-
moved by the Mexicans from this to the other side
of the Rio Grande, and this he regarded as testi-
mony that Mexico considered that the territory on
this side of the river was within the Texan bound-
ary.
Since the battle of San Jacinto, if the Mexicans
had claimed the boundary to the Nueces, he de-
manded the production of the proof. So far from
having claimed it, she, by her acts, disclaimed it.
He read from a proclamation of General Woll to
show that he, by implication, sustained the right
of Texas to the Rio Grande. The Nueces was a
new idea. Up to tlie battle of Bu'ena Vista, Mex-
ico had not adopted this claim. He read from the
account given by Santa Anna of that battle, in
which he said that he could not entertain any prop-
osition for peace while any American soldiers were
on that side of the Rio Grande, or on any portion
of Mexican territory.
As to Santa Fe, it was unnecessary for him to
go at length into any evidence of the title of Texas
to it. There was a contest going on between Tex-
as and Mexico as to the possession of that place.
The United States had now gone thither and taken
possession of it, and would probably keep it.
It had been said the President commenced the
war. When a fray took place between individuals,
the blood became hot, and one assault followed
another, until it was often forgotten how the fray
commenced. Thus lie thought it \va-< now. If
any one could examine all the llicts, he must come
to the conclusion that the President could do noth-
ing, and that General Taylrfr could do nothing
but what had been done. He reviewed the facts
connected with the advance of General Taylor to
the Rio Grande, and adverted to the outrages per-
petrated by Mexicans, especially to the attack on
a family of sixteen persons, two of them ladies,
the latter of whom were outraged, and the whole
afterwards murdered, and thefingers of these ladies
were cut off, and carried into Mexico as trophies.
He asserted that if the dungeons of Mexico could
have been searched, there would have been no two
years when some American citizens would not
nave been found incarcerated, without any charge
against them. He thought that Mexico bad re-
ceived no more than she deserved. He maintained
that the United States Government was not suffi-
ciently vigilant and vigorous in the protection of
our citizens from injustice and mal-treatment in
other countries.
He came now to consider what remains to be
done. He alluded to the evil effects which have
resulted from the want of a union of public opinion
in favor of the war. He admitted that many, who
were as patriotic and conscientious as he could be,
believed the war to be unjust, and to have been
improperly begun. But the results of these differ-
ences of opinion were unfavorable to peace.
To withdraw our troops would, he said, be fol-
lowed by the occupation of a foreign government.
He happened to know, that Mexico had for a long
time been entirely under the influence of the offi-
<yal agents of Great Britain. To this foreign influ-
ence he attributed the halted of this country, and
the decline of our trade with Mexico. He had
derived strong corroborative evidence of this fact
from Colonel Fiemont, who had communicated to
hiiTKcircurnstances showing that great portions of
the church property in California had been trans-
ferred into the hands of British agents, as well as
other property.
If we weie to withdraw our forces, the military
power under Santa Anna would immediately as-
sume the control; or if Paredes should gain the
ascendency, being a monarchist in principle, we
should have a foreign prince there, who would op-
press the Mexicans, and we should have foreigners
to contend with. Santa Anna, who would be most
likely to succeed, has no love for the Mexicans,
since his leg was kicked about the streets._ He
would be willing to enslave them, or lend his aid
to any one who would enslave them. The Presi-
dent had made so many attempts at negotiation, as
almost to subject himself to ridicule. He (Mr. R.)
would push the war until Mexico could be brought
to her senses. '
To a defensive line he was opposed, as calcu-
lated indefinitely to protract the war.
He was for a vigorous prosecution of the war,
for the purpose of showing Mexico we are deter-
mined to force a peace out of her. If she saw
that this was our course—that we are not suffering
ourselves to be distracted by a pending Presiden-
tial election, and that an army of 50,00(1 men was
ready to pounce upon her,—she would at once
conclude a pcace.
It had been said, we have men enough in Mexi-
co; and this may be true. The battle of Buena
Vista had been appealed to. It was said we had
enough there to whip the overwhelming force of
Santa Anna; and this was true. But if we had
had 20,000 men there, instead of 0,000, not a
Mexican would have escaped. Plad our army
been only GOO, tliey would have stood their ground,
and, although they might have been killed, would
never have been whipped.
If there could he any security against foreign
interference—against Mexico falling into the hands
of a European Power,—he would be content with
a small portion of her territory, by way of indem-
nity; but in the absence of all such security, he
could not understand how the taking possession of
all the territory, and guaranteeing the protection of
the people, could be called robbery.
He would not vote for any treaty which does
not give us to the Sierra Madre and the whole of
California. This would be indispensable to enable
us to keep in our hands a necessary control over
her .movements, and it would be the best thing for
Mexico, as she is not able to govern her distant
provinces. She has never been able to protect
j California or the Rio Grande. The inhabitants of
■! those provinces are assailed by Indians, and the
; women and children are daily falling into the hands
\ of these roving bands, by whom they are made
slaves for life. It would therefore be beneficial to
Mexico to take this course. He would venture
this prediction, that if we continue the war for
twelve months longer, we shall never get rid of
it without the annexation of the whole of Mex-
ico.
Mr. GREENE took the floor, and, on his mo-
tion,
The Senate adjourned.
Washington, Fcbyunrn IB, 181$.
Grntt.kmkn: : In the Congressional Globe of the 16lli in-
stall I, k a Scotch ot'my speech on the " Ten Regiment Bill,"
fo culled, delivered in the Senate on the 14th, in which are,
as is unavoidable, many errors. One only is so import-
ant that I nm^t beg you to coriect it, by publishing this
note.
In the *-kcich, 1 find this sentence • "If the Plate of
1 Maine cho*e to secede fioni our Union, and establish n
* monarchy,and should the rest ofthr- States oppose it, would
* they have an\ light, to force Maine to their viewer"
Sofarfiom laying fhK. \ said thecontiary. After having
pliown the independent condition of Texas- as a member of
i the Confederacy o{ 16-24, and the establishment of the eeutr.il
, despotism of Mexico in to which all the Slater
| niittcd, save Tew —^he adhering to her lepubitean forms,
; and t,o the constitution of 1M4—I said, in substance: Sup-
I po^o all the States of this Union, save Maine, should abolish
I then republican forms, and establish a monarchy, or a de.—
j potion, would they have any light to coerce Maine to do the
! Mine? I saul they would not. She would have a perfect
| light to maintain her republican fotms, if she could ; and a
j war waged to destroy them would be a war of aggression,
, and so of any other State in the Union.
! So soon as I can revue the notes handed rnc by the icport-
i er of the Senate's proceedings, I wiU send you a copy ot the
I speech for your Appendix. In the mean tune, please publish
1 this in your next paper. Very respectfully, \outs.
S. 13REESE.
' Messrs. Blair & Rives.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. •
Friday, JFebruary i8, 1848.
The Journal o£yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, from t>6 Com-
mittee on Elections, reported the following reso-
lution, which was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That the memorial and specification of James
Monroe, the reply thereto of David S. Jackson* together
with tho evidence and exhibits taken by the parties jnjrcjh-
tion to the contested election in the sixth Congressional
district of the State of New York, be printed for the use of
the House.
Mr. HARALSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a joint resolution to refund
money for expenses incurred, subsistence or trans-
portation furnished, and money advanced by indi-
vidual citizens of the United* States for the use of
the volunteers before or after being mustered into
the service of the United States. Read and com-
mitted.
PAYMENT OF TEXAS VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. BURT, from the same committee, to which
it was referred, reported a joint resolution .pro-
viding for the payment of the regiment of mounted
troops called into the service of the United States
by Colonel Curtis, the commanding officer at Ca-
margo.
The resolution having been read a first and sec-
ond time—
Mr. BURT asked that it might be put upon its
passage. *
The SPEAKER stated, if there were no objec-
tion nor any motion to commit, the question would
be on the engrossment for a third reading.
Mr. BURT, in answer to various inquiries, said
thin resolution would not necessarily go to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
because it did not in effect make any appropriation
of money. The House would perceive that the
resolution was designed to give the Secretary of
War authority to pay that regiment out of funds
already appropriated for the prosecution of the
war. It did not ask for the appropriation of a
single dollar, nor was an appropriation necessary;
it simply proposed to give the authority of Con-
gress to pay certain sums out of appropriations
already made and unexpended. He trusted, there-
fore, and as the Committee on Military Affairs was
unanimous in favor of its passage, that it would
not be obstructed by either side of the House, but
be passed through all its stages.
Mr. HENLEY moved to strike out all that part
of the resolution which proposed to pay for horses
lost for want of forage. His reason was this: This
Government has ever refused to pay for horses so
lost, and he was therefore opposed to the payment
in tfii<? ense, when in former cases such payment
had been refused.
Mr. BURT begged leave to say that the gentle-
man from Indiana never, in the course of Jus life,
made a more palpable mistake. So far from his ,
statement being true, the very reverse was the fact,
as was shown by all the legislation of Congress on
that subject. But the officers of the Government
were not authorized to make such payments with-
out the special authority of Congress; and such
authority, in accordance with precedents, this reso-
lution proposed to give. When mounted troops
have been raised and mustered into the service of
the United States, and the horses have been lost
for want of forage which the Government could
not or would not provide, such horses have at all
times been paid for; and he would ask how any
man with a conscience, could refuse to pay for
hoises so lost, either by the misfortune or the fault
of the Government.
Mr, POLLOCK thought the resolution was of
such a character that it should go to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. The gen-
tleman from South Carolina had said that this res-
olution did not make an appropriation; but if he
had not greatly misunderstood its character, it was
an appropriation of an appropriation which was
already made. There were other important ques-
tions involved in this resolution, and therefore he
moved that it be referred to the Committee of the
Whole House on the state of the Umoi).
Mr. BURT desired permission to say a word or
two in explanation of the circumstances which re-
quired the payment for these horses, and he thought
he could satisfy the House that the resolution
ought to be passed. He was very reluctant to ob-
trude himself on the attention of the House even
