376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
to make a brief statement of facts connected with
this regiment being called into the service of the
United"States, but perhaps it was now proper that
he should do so.
Mr. COLLAMER rose to a question of order,
respecting which a brief conversation ensued be-
tween him and the Speaker.
Mr. BURT then proceeded to state to the House
that after the array of General Taylor marched
towards Saltillo, Colonel Curtis, of the Ohio vol-
unteers, was left in command of the forces at
Camargo, and of all the line of General Taylor from
the mouth of the Rio Grande towards Saltillo. It
would be recollected that Colonel Curtis, who was
a vigilant officer, was advised of the approach of a
large and numerous army under General Santa
Anna on ihe position of General Taylor. He had
had no intelligence from the army of General Taylor
since the 21st of February of last year, and it was
known to the House that on that day there was
skirmishing: between the armies of General Santa
Anna and General Taylor. Colonel Curtis was
unable to hear anything of our army, and was
ignorant of its fate until about the 1st of April.
So entirely was all communication cut off that no
intelligence was received by Colonel Curtis of the
conflict between the two armies, and he deemed it
his absolute duty, knowing that General Urea was
in the neighborhood with from four thousand to
five thousand cavalry, which daily endangered the
whole line ofcthe Rio Grande, to call on the States
for a large body of troops. He called on the State
of Texas for two thousand troops. He had no
authority for making that call, as every one knew.
It was not authorized by the War Department nor
by General Taylor; but Colonel Curtis made a
requisition on the Governor of the State of Texas,
and, in his absence, the Secretary of State, whose
duty it became, issued a proclamation calling-
troops into the service, and appointing San Antonio
as a place of rendezvous. This regiment, with
great promptitude and gallantry, repaired to the
place of rendezvous. When Colonel Curtis issued
his requisition, which, he repeated, that officer had
no authority to issue, it became a question for the
State of Texas to acknowledge or disregard the
authority of Colonel Curtis; but theState of Texas
deemed the exigencies of suclifi nature as to justify
the call, and it was therefore promptly responded
to; and the regiment she raised repaired to the j
rendezvous; and they were there mustered into the '
seryice of the United States. Having still received !
no intelligence from General Taylor,"that regiment
was put-on march for Camargo, and, when within
a day's march of that place, it was met by an order
from General Taylor, informing them of the battle
of Buena Vista, and directing them, and all other
troops raised under the same call, to return and be
mustered out of the ser.vicc of the United States.
Here, then, was most gallant conduct on the part
of this regiment, in meeting a call which was just-
ified by the exigencies of the time, as was admit-
ted by all who were informed of the state of things
on the Rio Grande. It was not for this regiment
to go behind the proclamation of the State officers.
Wei!, having obtained the proclamation, they were
mustered into the service of the United States, and
on their march from San Antonio towards Camargo
they- passed through a country where forage could
not be obtained, and many horses were lost on
that march. They were then in the service of the
United States, and he was utterly at a loss to con-
ceive why any gentleman should resist the appli-
cation now made to pay for them. The Secretary
of War, as the House well knew, in his annual
report, stating the fact that this regiment was called
into the service without authority of that depart-
ment or any competent officer, still recommended
that the regiment should be paid. In making the
payment proposed by this resolution, this regi-
ment would be placed simply on the footing of the
troops sent to General Taylor by General Gaines
without authority. When the application came to
this House for the payment of those troops called
outhy General Gaines from the State of Louisiana,
the resolution was passed without a solitary objec-
tion, and he hoped the House would pass this
resolution and do justice to those gallant men who
so promptly were mustered into the service of the
country.
Mr. BOWLIN made some inquiry, which was
not heard at the reporter's desk.
Mr. BURT replied that that portion of the reso-
lution simply declared that they should be entitled i
to the bounty lands they would have been entitled
to if they had been mustered into the service under
the call of competent authority. That had been
recommended by the War Department, in obedi-
ence to which it was drawn, so as to place those
men where they would have stood if Colonel Cur-
tis had had authority to make the call.
Mr. POLLOCK said that he had no wish to be
understood as opposing the bill; on the contrary,
should he, on examination of its merits, find it to
be just, he should be ready to vote for it. But
he did oppose the rapid way in which many bills
had lately been carried through the House. The
present bill involved important principles. The
House had made a provision of bounty lands;
and this bill professed to be grounded on a call
ji for troops by Colonel Curtis, made upon the Gov-
i| ernor of Texas. If that call was authorized to
1 be made, or if the Governor of Texas believed
Naval Affairs, reported a bill granting to the Flor-
ida, Alabama, and Georgia Railroad Company the
alternate sections of the public lands along the
route of their proposed railroads.
Mr. K. moved to commit the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole, and that five thousand extra
copies of the accompanying report and maps be
printed for the use of the House. The bili was
committed.
The question being then on the printing of the
extra copies— *
Mr. COLLAMER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill had been referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
He had but one point to make. This bill or reso-
lution went to dispose of a considerable body of
the public lands; and so far it was not a private bill,
but one of a public nature. If the Committee on
Naval Affairs was the proper organ of the House
himself to be bound to obey it, Mr. P. did not ji to report bills relating to the public lands, and land
ll know; possibly both might be true, and then he
; certainly should not oppose the claim. But they
j i had passed many bills of late, by unanimous con-
II sent, without referring them to a Committee of the
ji Whole, and some to his knowledge which never
would have passed had they previously gone to a
committee. One, particularly, he had in his eye,
which, if the circumstances of the case had been
known, would not have commanded ten votes.
bills were to be reported without consulting the
Committee on Public Lands, he wished to know it.
He moved to reconsider the vote referring the bill
to a Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, with a view to refer it to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. KING said this motion of the gentleman
from Vermont imposed upon him the necessity of
saying a few words in explanation of the provisions
The Committee of Claims was organized expressly .! of this bill. Pensacola was the great naval station
' in the Gulf for the protection and refitting of the
navy of the United States. Reports of our engi-
neers, made to the Government from year to year,
showed that the lands in the vicinity of this import-
ant station were so exceedingly barren as to be
uninhabited and destitute of roads passing through
them. In consequence of this, a naval depot of so
much value and importance to the Government,
together with all the fortifications in its vicinity,
were liable at any time to fall into the hands of an
enterprising enemy. A bill providing means to
remedy so great an evil, by the construction of a
good military road, was a bill eminently connected
for the purpose of examining such claims, and the
Committee of the Whole were under obligation to
do the same before a bill passed the House. If the
principles of this bill were right it should have his
support, but if not he should most certainly oppose
it. Meanwhile he, demanded the previousquestion.
Mr. P., however, consented to withdraw his call for
the previous question, at the request of
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, who said that he
understood this bill or resolution made provision
to pay for horses lost by citizens of Texas who
had obeyed a call of the Governor and entered into
the service of the United States; the horses, as he
understood it, were lost for want of forage being ;! with the naval affairs of the country, and it had
provided by the United States. The appropriation therefore been referred to the Committee on Naval
asked for was right and just, and according to the ! Affairs. The committee in its report had given at
universal practice of the Government, which had large all the reasons why jurisdiction of the sub-
always paid for horses lost without fault of the ject pertained to them, as well as in favor of the
owners. But there were other classes of persons j measure itself. If the gentleman from Vermont
who had lost horses, who were equally meritori- , would but suffer that report to be printed, he would
ous with those embraced by this hill. He hoped, be at once fully satisfied. All the members would
therefore, that the Committee on Military Affairs i then be allowed ample time to reflect on the case
would report a general bill, covering all—for all ii before they were called on to act upon it. Mean-
stood on the same grounds, both of equity and of !j while, he earnestly hoped the reference of the bill
precedent. I1 would not be reconsidered. Let the report be
The CHAIR here reminded Mr. Jones that the : , printed, and then let the House judge whether
House was not now in Committee of the Whole, j; there could be any necessity of sending the bill to
Mr. JONES said he was. aware of that; he j! the Committee on Public Lands. Mr. K, said he
merely wished to mention that there was one regi- ji entertained the greatest possible respect fox* that
ment of mounted men from Tennessee who had j! committee, as. well as for the high character and
been transported from Tampico to Vera Cruz I! judgment and liberality of his friend from Ver-
without their horses, which were sent on to them 11 mont, [Mr. Collamer,] and he was very sure that
afterwards. Of these horses many had been thrown I. gentleman could have been actuated by no desire
overboard to lighten the ships which carried them, jl to make an attack on the Committee on Naval Af-
| during the storms they had to encounter on their i; fairs. The gentleman was actuated, he felt very
i voyage. Such of them as reached Vera Cruz in j] certain, only by a regard to propriety and the right
safety had there been delivered to their owners, : order of proceeding. The matter had been sub-
j who, at the end of their term of service, delivered i; mitted to the Naval Committee from no want of
over their horses and were duly paid for them; confidence in the Land Committee, but simply be-
! while those whose horses had been thrown into the !j cause its nature rendered it fit that it should be
sea to save the vessel had never yet received a ij placed in their care. If it must first go to another
dollar in compensation. _ He hoped that the com- ji committee, and wait for a report from them, it
mittee would prepare a. bill that should include this i| would probably be lost for this session.
class of individuals, with all others who, while jj Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, said it seemed to
serving the country, had lost horses without any i| him that this was a.subject which did not legiti-
faulf. or dfhnnnenr.v of their own. : mately pertain to a Committee on the Public Lands.
fault or delinquency of their own.
Mr. GIDDINGS said something-, not a word of ■
which could be heard on the right of the chair; but
believed to be a motion to refer to the Committee ;
of the Whole. 1
Mr. BURT said, that if the gentleman from Ohio
would permit him, he would move that the further j
The bill was to provide means to construct a rail-
road. The chairman of the Naval Committee,
who had reported the bill, had explained the
grounds of its provisions: it was for the better
protection of a great naval depot in the Gulf of
Florida. A subject of this sort did not fall within
. , - /• ,i i • ,    :i vi biuo ouh uiu nut icui vvtviim
consideration of the resolution be postponed till the cognizance of the Land Committee. If it went
Tuesday next, and be made the special order for
that day. t
Mr. GIDDINGS assented to the postponement, j
but hoped it would go to a Committee of the Whole j
on the state of the Union. j
After a conversation, in which Messrs. GID- :
DINGS, BOYD, and BURT took part, the ques- ;
tion was put on postponement, and agreed to. ;
APPROPRIATION OP PUBLIC LANDS. jj
Mr. KING, of Georgia, from the Committee on 11
to any other than the Naval Committee, a more
appropriate reference would be to the Committee
on Military Affairs. He hoped the motion to re-
consider would not prevail.
Mr. STANTOW opposed the reconsideration,
being against referripg the bill to the Committee on
Public Lands. He did not say whether he should
vote for the bill or not; but he was prepared to say
that the whole merits of the subject were clearly
set forth m the committee's report. He could see
no reason for recommitment. After the Commit-
