378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred the memorials
of Susan C. Randal! and of Q. Chauncey and
others, submitted an adyerse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was recommitted the petition
of J. Bigelow, administrator of Francis Cazeau,
deceased, and also the report (and bill accompany-
ing the same) made in said case by same com-
mittee, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. TURNEY, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom was referred the
petition of Aaron Carman, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of La., it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Pensions be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of Mary Cas-
sin; and that it be referred to tlie Committee on Naval
Affairs.
On motion bv Mr. ATCHISON, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be dis-
charged from the luithrr conpideuition of the memorial of
the Board of the American Indian Mission Association.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN MICHIGAN-
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill concern-
ing the courts of the United States in and for the
district of Michigan, reported it without amend-
ment.
The Senate proceeded to consider said bill as
in Committee of the Whole, and no amendment
being; made, it was reported to the Senate, read a
third time, and passed.
HOUSE BILLS REPORTED.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee of
Claims, to whom were referred the following bills
from the House of Representatives, reported them
without amendment:
An act for the relief of the legal heirs of John
Snyder, deceased;
An act for the ielief of S. Morris Wain;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Jamc* Brown, deceased.
Mr. BALDWIN, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the bill from the House of
Representatives for the relief of Phineas Capen,
legal administrator of John Cox, deceased, of Bos-
ton, reported it without amendment.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Campbell, their Clerk,
announcing that the House of Representatives had
passed a bill entitled " An act to authorize a loan
not to exceed the sum of sixteen millions of dol-
lars," in which they request the concurrence of the
Senate.
THE LOAN BILL.
The bill from the House of Representatives to
authorize a loan not to exceed the sum of sixteen
millions of dollars, was read the first and second
times, by unanimous consent, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
COMPENSATION OF POSTMASTERS.
On motion of Mr. NILES, the prior orders were
suspended, and the bill in amendment of an act
entitled "An act to amend the a<*t entitled 'An act
to reduce the rates of postage, to limit the use and
correct the abuse of the franking privilege, and for
the prevention of fraud on the revenue of the
Po<u Office Department,'" passed the 3d of March,
1845, was read the second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole; and no amendment
being made, it was reported to the Senate, read a
third time, and passed.
WIDOW OF COLONEL MoRAE.
On motion of Mr. HANNEGAN, the prior
orders were suspended, and the Senate resumed
the consideration, as in Committee of the Whole,
of the bill for the relief of Mary McRae, widow of
Lieutenant Colonel William McRae, late of the
United States army, deceased.
Mr. TIANNEGAN moved to amend the bill by
striking out the words ''during her natural life,"
and inserting m lieu thereof " for the ensuing five
years from and after the passage of this act."
Mr. SEVIER suggested the propriety of allow-
ing the bill to stand as it had been reported. The
widow of Colonel McRae was very old and infirm,
and it was not likely she would live much longer.
Their experience had shown that the limitation of
these relief bills to a perfod of five years was not
effective, a renewal always being sought. In order
to save legislation, he made the suggestion, that
the bill be allowed to remain without amendment.
Mr. HANNEGAN said that he should most
cheerfully acquiesce in the suggestion, were it not
for a letter which he had received from the old
lady, with whom he had no previous acquaint-
ance, and had never seen. She was'more than
seventy years of age, and was borne down by
many infirmities. In that letter the old lady ex-
pressed her desire that the limitation of five years
should be made in order to facilitate the passage of
the bill, at the same time that she implored speedy ;
action. The claim was a highly meritorious one
and the relief proposed to be extended was in con- |j
sideration of services as deserving as any ever ren- jj
dered by any gallant soldier. !|
Mr. BENTON then rose, but yielded to ]'
Mr. NILES, who said he did not rise exactly
to oppose the bill, but he begged leave to call at-
tention to the course of legislation on this sub-
ject, in order that they might see whither it is
tending, and where it is to end. For a length of
time a law providing for the widows and minor
children of officers and soldiers of the militia
djring from wounds in that service, had been in
existence. As he thought, with good reason, a
distinction had been made in favor of the militia.
A few days since, after very little consideration, a
bill had passed the Senate extending the law to
which he had just alluded to the regular army of
the United States. In the form in which it was
presented, that bill would have gone back to 1818,
but he had discovered that,and procured an amend-
ment, which confined its operation to the regular
army from the first of March, 1846, to the end of
the present war. No doubt the case now before
the Senate was highly meritorious; yet, as it went
on the principle that the widow of an officer who
had been engaged in the service of his country in
war was entitled to this extension of a pension, it
was easy to see that, if passed, it would not be
easy to resist the application of this principle to
all cases of widows of officers or soldiers engaged
in the last war with Great Britain. He wished,
then, the attention of the Senate to he directed to
1 the effect, length and breadth of the principle in
S which it was now proposed to act.
I Mr. BENTON said he yielded the floor to his
j friend from Connecticut, in the full expectation j
that he would support the bill, because he so gen-
erally concurred in favor of what was right. This
case of Mrs. MacRae had been brought forward
by himself some years ago; anil a Senator from
Maine, no longer a member of the body, who was
also acquainted with all the circumstances of the
case, most cordially cooperated in bringing it to
the favorable consideration of the Senate. At the
time the case was first brought forward, he ex-
pressed his desire that the principle involved in the
case might be applied to the whole army; but the
old lady, having lived too long already to expect to
be able to live long enough to see a general prin-
ciple applied to meet her case, begged him to give
the bill the form which the Senatoi from Indiana
had now given it. In that form he cordially united
with the Senator from Indiana, and others ac-
quainted with the subject, in giving it a cordial
support, in the full conviction, at the same time,
that they were not doing; adequate justice. It was
the case of a, lady (her letter showed her to be one
in every sense of the word) who, for almost fifty
years, had been the wife of as brave and as hon-'
orable asoldier as everlived,and who,in this fifty
years 'of military life, was always upon the fron-
tier—always engaged in arduous service, in Indian j
wars, at frontier posts—doing everything* which
belonged to the laborious military life of the earli-
est period of 'our history, from '91 comins* down
to the end of the war with Great Britain. He per-
ished on the hanks of the Ohio, struck with the
cholera. If he had been struck down by the nr-
row or the hatchet of the Indian, his wife would
have taken her pension as a matter of course. He
was struck down in the line of his dut^, and his
death to his family was precisely the same as if
he had fallen by the hand of the foe. But the law
made a difference between the soldier killed in bat-
tle and him who dies from disease. Yet there should
be no difference, for it matters not upon what field
the soldier dies who gives his life for his country,
so far as regards the merit of the sacrifice. It is
the same in both cases. The loss to his family is
the same. And far more was he to be pitied who
died from disease than he who fell at the head of
his command on the field of battle. Yet the law
made a difference; and thus, after fifty years of
service, this officer's widow cannot take a pension,
because her husband was struck down by disease,
although in the line of his duty. If she had been
only twenty-four hours married, and her husband
had fallen in battle, she would have been entitled
to a pension. But here, after fifty years of service,
the widow of the officer receives nothing because
he did not happen to fall by the hand of the foe.
A Senator. He may have been on a furlough.
Mr. BENTON. On furlough? He never had
anything to do with furlough. What he had to
do with most was double duty—building forts,
opening roads, making bridges—on the frontier
always. This was truly a case in which they
might say:
" Dehberat Roma, pent Saguntum."
The old lady perishes whilst they deliberate ! He
hoped, in conclusion, that every consideration of
justice would prompt the Senate to consent to the
immediate passage of the bill.
Mr, DAVIS, of Massachusetts, agreed with the
Senator from Connecticut, that there ,might be
some danger in establishing precedents calculated
to lead to a too wide extension of the pension laws.
But he did not apprehend that the passage of the
present bill would operate in that way. The case
was one of the most meritorious character, and it
had peculiar features, which rendered it hardly
probable that it would be hereafter cited as a prece-
dent to justify any improper legislation.
Mr. PEARCE remarked that it was difficult to
resist such appeals to the feelings of Senators as
had been made in favor of this bill. But he was
of opinion that the bill introduced a new principle
in their legislation, never known in the case of mil-
itary pensions, and but for a short time, and that
most unfavorably, in the case of naval pensions.
The principle of the naval pension law was, that
the widows of those killed in battle, dying from
wounds received in battle, or in consequence of
exposure to some of the peculiar hazards of their
profession, were entitled to a pension. So far he
was willing to go. But the present bill proposed
to go further. It proposed to give a pension to
the widow of an officer who died from a disease to
which he was not subjected in the line of his duty.
If that principle were adopted, why not extend it
to all employees of the Government, civil as well
as military. He was very far from wishing to de-
tract from the value and importance of the services
of this officer, but he did not approve of the prin-
ciple involved in the bill. If the bill parsed, he
did not see why they should not go on, and, fol-
lowing the suggestion of the Senator from Mis-
souri, enact a general law, giving pensions to the
widows of all officers dying in the service, no mat-
ter how or where.
Mr. BADGER said that he was at once glad
and sorry to hear the remarks of his friend from
Maryland, because it was evident that throughout
his excellent understanding was engaged m a forced
contest with the suggestions of his heart. For
himself, he had never given a vote in that body
with more pleasure than he would vote for this bill.
It introduced no new principle into their pension
laws. It was not an application to extend the pen-
sion laws. It was simply an application to Con-
gress to pass a special bill for a special case, and
when a similar case presented itself all that was
to be done was to make a similar provision for it.
When a similar case occurred he would, with equal
cheerfulness, be prepared to provide for it in the
same way. He thought that that country might
be declared incapable of self-government, and the
proper discharge of its duties to those who served
it, which was either unable or unwilling to dis-
charge such a debt a? that incurred in the present
case—a case of more than forty years unremitted,
devoted, faithful service, death in the service, and
an aged relict left entirely destitute.
Mr. HANNEGAN said that he had refrained
from expressing his own opinion on the bill from
the fact that he had been satisfied from the first
that the Senate would pass the bill. He rose for
the purpose of begging the friends of the hill at
any rate, and Senators on every side, to allow the
question to be taken without further debate, as it
was apparent from the hands of the clock that un-
less- acted on at once it would be laid over for
another day, meanwhile, in the beautiful language
