1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
381
Clapp, Franklin Clark, Beverly L.Clark, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Collins, Conger, Cnsfleld.Crozier, Cummins, Daniel,
Dickinson, Duer, Dunn, Fawn, Fentherston, Ficklin, Fries,
French, Fulton, GaiiiPS, Gayle, GiKrgin, Willairt P. Hall,
Hammons, Haralson, Harris, Henley, Hill, Isaac E. Hplmes,
George S. Houston, John W. Houston, Inge, Charles J. In-
geisoll, Irvin, Iverson, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson,
James H. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Geoige W. Jones,
Kaufman, Kennon, Lahm, La Sfcie, Sidney Lawrence,
Leffler, Ligon, Lord, MaeJay, McClelland, McClernand,
McDowell, McKay, Mann, Meade, Miller, Morris, Morse,
Mullin, Newall, Outlaw, Peasiee, Peck, Petrie, Pevton,
Phelps, Pillsbury, Pollock, Putnam, Reynolds, Richardson,
Ricbey, Robinson, Rockhill, Ramsey, Sawyer, Sherrill,
Sims, Robert Smnb, Stanton, Starkweather, Stephens,
Charles E. Stuait, Thomas, James Thompson, Robert A.
Thompson, William Thompson, Tliuraton, Turner, Vena-
ble, Warren, Wentworth, Williams. Wiley, and Wood-
ward—110.
NAYS-JMessrs. John Q,uincy Adams, Green Adams,
Ashmun, Brady, Buckner, Butler, Cabell, Chapman, Cocke,
Cranston. Crowull, Diekey, Dixon, Daniel D*ncan, Edwards,
Nathan Evaus, Fisher, Giddings, Gregory, Grinnell, Hale,
Nathan K.Hall, Henry, Hilhard,Ehas B. Holmes, Hnbb,ml,
Hudson, Joseph R. Ingersoll, ICc-llo®?, Daniel P. King, Wil-
liam T. Lawrence, Lincoln, Mcllvame, Marsh, Morehead,
Nelson, Nes, Pendleton, Julius Rociaveil, John A. Rock-
well, Root, Schenck, Shepperd. Slingerland, Caleb B.
Smith, Truman Smith, Stiohm, Tallmadge, Taylor, Rich-
ard W. Thompson, Toombs, Van Dyke, White, and Wil-
son—54.
Two-thirds .voting in the affirmative, the rules
were suspended, and the joint resolutions were
received and read the first time.
Mr. COCKE gave noticc of his intention to de-
bate the resolutions, and inquired if they would
not lie over under the rule?
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
Mr. COCKE moved that the resolutions be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The SPEAKER remarked, that that motion was
not now in order, nor would be until they had been
read a second time. If they were now objected
to, the proper motion would be that they be now
rejected.
Mr. HOUSTON", of Delaware, moved that they
be rejected. He made this motion because these
officers had already been thanked by a vote of this
House, and not becausc he was unwilling to give
them thanks for their services,
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on the
rejection of the resolutions,
Mr. STEPHENS hoped that the motion to re-
ject the resolutions would not be persisted in. The
gentleman from Delaware had stated that he had
no objection to thank the officers named in the
resolutions, and therefore he hoped they would he
allowed to tako the course suggested by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr, Cocke,) and be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs. He
desired to see the resolutions put in a proper form,
ami he should be ready to vote for them at any
time.
Mr. HOUSTON withdrew his motion.
The resolutions were then read a first and sec-
ond time; and
Mr. COCKE moved that they be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HARALSON cicsired permission to say a
few words in regard to this motion. As a mem-
ber of the Committee on Military Affairs, perhaps
he should not now givo expression to any opin-
ion. His position was a peculiar one, and, consid-
ering his position, he ought not perhaps to object
to the refeionce proposed; but he could not see the
necessity for such a motion. The resolutions
barely expressed the thanks of Congress to officers
of our army; and why should they go to a com-
mittee when other resolutions of a like character
had not been so referred ? If the House was prepared
to vote on the subject, and he did not doubt the
sincerity of gentlemen when they said they were
ready to give a vote of thanks to our officers for
their gallantry in lighting the battles of the coun-
try, why should the vote be delayed? Why not
give the vote at once? Why should they resort to
a tardy movement, which the reference to the mil-
itary or any other committee would be? He re-
peated, that it was a bare expression of thanks.
Did gentlemen approve or disapprove of it? If
they approved, why not vote now? If they dts
approved, let it be declared, and let not the resolu-
tions he entombed by a reference to a standing
committee of this House. He knew not the course :
gentlemen meant to pursue, but he again appealed
to them to vote at once directly on these resolu-
tions. If the Plouse approved of them, let the vote
of thanks be given promptly to those officers. Let
its expression of thanks be as unhesitating as it
was in both Houses of Congress on other resolu-
tions some days ago. He had no hesitation in
saying what his course would be, and as a member
of the Military Committee probably he should not
object to the reference; but he preferred a vote at
once, and he should give his vote for the resolu-
tions. There was no necessity for the reference,
and he hoped the House would come to a direct
vote upon them.
Mr. CHASE moved the previous question.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, desired the gentleman
from Tennessee to withdraw that motion to give
him the opportunity to submit an amendment.
Mr. CHASE could not comply with the gentle-
man's request.
Mr. COCKE inquired whether, if the previous
question was sustained, it would not cut off his
motion to refer?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mj\ COCKE said he hoped the House would
not sustain the call.
Tellers were called for on seconding the demand
for the previous question, and Messrs. Thibo-
deaux and Brown, of Mississippi, were appoint-
ed, and they reported 77 in the affirmative, and 71
in the negative; so there was a second.
Mr. STEPHENS called for the yeas and nays
on the question, "Shall the main question be now
put?" and they were ordered; and, on being taken,
were: 98 yeas and 86 nays, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bedmgcr,Bingham,TJirdsall,Black, Bow-
don, Bowhn, Boyd, Brocihead, William G. Brown, Charles
Biovvn, Albert G.Brown, Cathcart, (-base, Clapp, Franklin
Clark, Beverly L. Clark, Williamson R. W. Cohb, Collins,
Cummins, Darnel, Dickey, Dickinson,Ed^iU, Fauin. Feuth-
eiston, Ficklin, Fries French.Fulton, ilaminmw, Haralson,
Harmanson, flairs, Henley, Hill, George S. Houston, fare,
Chaile« J. Ingersoll, livni, Iver.-on, Jackson, Jenkins,
Andrew Johnson, J.-ime^ IL Johnson, Robert VV Johnson,
Gi'orsre W. Jones Kaufman, Kennon, balmi, "La Sere,
Sidney Lawrence, Offier, Levin, Ligon, Lord, Lumpkin,
Maelay, McClelland, MeClotnand, McDowell, MoKav,
MVLane, Mann, Meade, Miller, Moms. Morse, Murphy,
Peaslee. Peek, Petri'1, Peyton, Plielps, Pill>bnrv, Pollock,
Rhett, Richardson, Richey, Rohnison, Rockhill, Sawyer,
SMms, Robert Smith, Starkweather, Stanton, Chailew E.
Stuart, Thomas, Jame^ Thompson, Robert A. Thompson,
William Thompson, Thurston, Turner, Venable, Wick,
Williams, Wiley, and Woodwaid—07.
NAYS—Me^r*. John Q.. Adams, Green Adams, Ashmun,
Karri nger, Blanchard, Bradv,Buekner, Burt, Butler, Cabell,
Chapman, Ghngman, Cocke, Conger, Cranston, Cnsfield,
Crowell, Crosier, Dixon, Duer, Daniel Duncan, Garnett
Duncan, Dunn, Eekert, Edwards, Embree, Nathm Evans,
Fisher, Gaines, Gayle, Giddings, Gogein, Gott, Gregory,
Grinnell, Hale, Nathan K. Hnll, James G. Hampton, Moses
Hampton, Henry, Hilliard, Elias B. Holmes, John W. Hous-
ton, Huhbardj Hudson, Hunt, Joseph R. fngorsoll, John W.
Jones, Kellogg, William T. Lawrence. Lincoln. Mellvnine,
Mar«h, Marvin, Morehend, Mnllin. NVNon, Ne«. Outlaw,
PallYev, Putnam, Revnoldf, JnhusRoekwoll, John A. Rock-
well, Roman, Root, limn-ey, Si.,John, Sheppeid, Sherrill, i
Slin«erlan<l, Caleb [*. Smith, Truman Snnth. Stephen*, !
Sirolun,Tallina(lge,Tlnbodeauv,Ta\lor. H \V. Thompson] !
John B. Thoinp««>n, Toombs, Van Dyke, Vinton, Watren,
White, and Wilson—Wi,
So the main question was ordered to be now
put.
The SPEAKER stated the question to boon en-
grossing the resolutions for a third reading.
The Clerk, at the request of several gentlemen,
again read the resolutions for their information.
The SPEAKER then rose to put the question,
but he was interrupted by—
Mr. HUNT, who desired him to stop, and by
several gentlemen, who sprang from their seats
to the assistance of the venerable John CHuincy
Adams, who was observed to be sinking from his
seat in what appeared to be the agonies of death.
Mr. Adams was immediately borne to the Rotundo
for the benefit of purer air, and afterwards to the
Speaker's room, assiduously attended by many
members of the House; ancl the House hastily
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, Febmary 21,1848.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Campbell, their Clerk,
announcing that the House of Representatives had
passed the bill of the Senate entitled "An act for
the relief of the heirs of John Paul Jones," with !
amendments, m which they request the concur-
rence of the Senate. j
The Senate proceeded'to consider the amend- j
ments made by the House of Representatives to !
the bill for the relief of the heirs of John Paul I
Jones. j
The amendment having been read— |
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, moved that the I
bill be referred to the committee. 1
Mr. HANNEGAN said that the bill did not
originate in the committee this year, and in the
peculiar circumstances of the case, was passed
without reference, having passed both Houses
last session, and failed to become a law in conse-
quence of being* accidentally lost in the lobby on
the way to the President for his signature. Owing
to the courtesy, not to say a sense of justice of the
Senate, it was passed this session without being ^
subjected to the usual form of reference to a com-
mittee. The claim itself had undergone a strict
investigation on these occasions. Twice had it
been the subject of a favorable report, and it had "
again passed the House by a large vote in its favor.
The amendments were entirely immaterial, being
merely verbal. There was only one that had any
substance, and that made an exception against the
heirs of Captain Landais, who have received their
share of the original claim. He hoped that the
Senator from Massachusetts would withdraw his
motion, in order that he might be enabled to move
the concurrence of the Senate in the amendments
of the House.
Mr,. DAYIS was quite aware that this bill had
received the action of the Senate' in the form in
which it passed at the last session. Still he was
notable to understand the bearing of the amend-
ments which had been read. He could not deter-
mine, without some examination, whether they
were important or not; therefore, without enter-
taining any hostile feeling to the bill, or any desire
to delay its final passage, he believed that it had
better be examined by a committee; at least, that
was his impression,although, if the Senate thought
otherwise, he should not insist on his motion.
Mr. HANNEGAN then rose, but yielded to
Mr. BENTON, who inquired if the motion was *
withdrawn ?
Mr. DAVIS replied in the negative, and added,
that it would not be, unless the general sense of
the Senate opposed it.
Mr. BENTON then said that it would not be
withdrawn by the unanimous sense of the Senate,
for he would object to the withdrawal of the mo-
tion'. This was a case seventy years old—ap-
proaching very close to that—and within the last
two or three sessions had had at least a rapid pas-
sage through the two Houses. Now he was told
by old Senators, when he came there, that he
should distrust anything that went rapidly and
unanimously; and their philosophical reasoning
was, that the human mind was so various in its
conclusions, that if any case was fully slated and
presented in all its bearings, there would be differ-
ence of opinion in regard to it, and that, therefore,
when a ease passed rapidly through a legislative
body, the presumption was that it had not been
fully stated and attentively examined. He was
not in his seat when this bill was called up and
passed through the Senate, without the observance
of the usual forms. Had he been in his place
upon that occasion, he should have moved that it
be subjected to all those forms which the wisdom
of legislators had provided for the protection of
the public interests, and for ensuring feound and
wholesome legislation. Now, with respect to the
merits of this claim, he knew nothing. But he
did know one thing: that our ancestors, the men
of {he Revolution, were just men. He doubted
neither their justice nor their patriotism. They
were also wise men. The men of the Revolution
constituted a body of men rarely seen on the face
of the earth—rarely equalled in the justice, wisdom,
and moderation of all their doings. They who
lived during the Revolution, and were cognizant
of all that occurred during that period, soon after
that event—each State within itself, and the Gen-
eral Government by assuming an amount perhaps
exceeding all justdemands against it—settled every
just claim upon them, and they settled precisely
es every man settles who is just, and at the same
time, poor. They settled all accounts against
them, and, if they could not pay, they gave their
notes. Certificates were given in every case in
which they thought that anything was due; and
his reading led him to say, that in the general
assumpsit which took place about the year '94, an
amount over and above what was due was assumed
and allowed for the purpose of covering everything
which generosity even, not to speak of justice,
demanded. That was his understanding of the
closing up of the affairs of the Revolution, and
with that understanding, he looked with extreme
suspicion upon any claim that was now presented.
