382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21,
In the first,plq.ce, such^a claim was nothing less
than an impeachment of the integrity of the men
of that day; if not of their integrity, at all events,
of then* knowledge of their own transactions; and
assumed that they of the third generation knew |
the transactions of their grandfathers better than j
they did at the time when these transactions took i
place! He asked what would become of Senators,
if, at the end of sixty or seventy yeajrs, their chil-
dren should be called upon to pay any demand
which might be then brought up against their an-
cestors ? How would Senators meet a claim pre-
sented against them for transactions sixty or sev-
enty years ago, on the part of their grandfathers?
There must be some end to this business. Every
generation was charged with the management of
its own business. He did not say that they should
have exactly a statute of limitation, but he said
that that principle must go into the affairs of the
whole community, otherwise nothing public or j
private, nothing between man and man, or nation ;
and nation, could ever be regarded as settled. It !
was a just principle that they who lived at the I
time, and were cognizant of the transaction, were I
the proper persons to settle tiie case. There was |
great danger in posterity attempting to open trans- ;
actions which had been passed upon by preceding '
generations. He hoped that the bill would be re- (
feried and examined, and that it would be subjected i
to every form which the wisdom of legislators had !
devised for thepurpose of protecting the publicmte- ;
rests and securing soundand wholesome legislation. ;
Mr. HANNEGAN desired to inqune, before j
replying to the Senator from Missoim, whether it ■
required the unanimous conscnt of the Senate, or
simply a majority, in order to obtain a considera-
tion of th<?amendments without reference?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A majority is
sufficient.
Mr. HANNEGAN then proceeded to say, that
the opposition of the Senator from Missouri to
this bill appeared to rest on a very singular found-
ation; for he had assigned no reason for the oppo- ;
sition, except the age of the claim, telling the Senate ;
that he distrusted any claim which presented itself, .
if it happened to be sixty or seventy years old. '
The Senator had remarked that the men of the
Revolution weie eminently wise and eminently
just, and that they took care to protect every good ,
claim against the Government of that time, by the
issue of certificates. Well, no one valued more
highly the character of our revolutionary fathers
than he himself, no one chcrished greater vener- i;
ation for their memory; no one rendered more j
willing homage to their justice and sagacity. But I
it was to be presumed that the history of the^coun- j
try was intelligible to those who read it, and, as j
he had stated, committees of both branches of I
Congress had examined the history so far as it j
related to this claim, and had pronounced the claim j
to be just. Thatbody had unanimously pronounced I
it just. Two committees of that body, after a
most thorough investigation, had pronounced it
just. The bill had twice passed the Senate, without
a division. It had passed tjie House of Repre-
sentatives three times, by an almost overwhelming
vote. The closest vote yet given on the bill had
been that of Friday last in the House, and on that
occasion, according to the report in the papers, ,
there was a majority in its favor of twenty-two,
after the most strenuous exertions against it. It I
was the singular history of the bill at the last i
session which alone exempted it from the usual ,
forms on its introduction at the commencement of !
the present session. A sense of justice and of pro- j
priety, a sense of honor and of honesty, induced j
the Senate, by a unanimous vote, during the first !
week of the session, to exempt this bill from those !
ordinary forms of legislation, which he would be
the last man to undervalue, or lightly disregard.
In point of fact, the bill was a law, if ever there
was a law in the eye of God, and an upright tribu-
nal on earth; and hence it was, that the Senate did
unanimously place it in the same position m which
it was at the close of the last sessjon of Congress.
It then wanted only the last form prescribed by
the Constitution, the signature of the President,
to become technically, as it was substantially, the
law of the land. It was lost on its way from the
desk of the Secretary to the chamber in the Capitol,
in which the President was engaged in attaching
his signature to the bill which had been passed by
Congress. If ever any claim had been subjected
to $ie"rigofous examination and scrutiny of Con-
gress, this was that claim; and if ever the prose-
cution of a claim resulted m unhappy consequences
to. the individual concerned, it was in this case.
He had no doubt that the fate of the bill brought
to an untimely grave one of the most accomplished
and estimable gentlemen that he had ever met with
in the whole course of his life. That unfortunate
man had set his heart upon the fulfilment of his
cherished hopes of justice, which he sought at the
hands of Congress. There the last stay of his
fortunes was fixed; to that he had devoted all his
energies, .all his time, all his means. After two
years of indomitable labor on his part, and at the
very moment that the cup approached his lips, the
rude hand of fate dashed it in atoms to the earth !
The shock was too much for him, and he sank
into the grave, leaving a helpless family. Such
were the circumstances in which the Senate had
seen proper to avoid the ordinary rules of legisla-
tion, and give the bill a direct passage on the day
on which it was introduced.
As to the merits of the claim, what were they?
He held in his hand the report of the committee,
which was on the files of both Houses. It gave
compensation, indemnity for prizes captured by
the renowned naval hero—the world-famous Paul
Jones—captured by him from the British Gov-
ernment in the war of the Revolution; and under
the direction of Dr. Franklin, then our commis-
sioner in France, these prizes were carried to the
port of Bergen, in Norway, under the dommioti
of Denmark. Denmark, in violation of the law of
nations, on the demand of England, yielded up
those prizes to that Power, and made herself justly
amenable to the captors for the amount of prize-
money. Dr. Franklin himself assessed the value
of the captured vessels, and that valuation was
now before them. It was admitted, and was all
that was asked, neither more nor less, without a
cent of interest. The Government of the United
States took the matter in hand, and faltered and
trifled with it, as it was in the habit of doing in
case of claims against foreign Governments, thus
depriving the individual claimants of the means of
piohecutiug their claims. Indeed, the cowardly
Frenchman who betrayed Jones in the mostfamous
of his actions, long sincc received his shaie of the
prize-money, but the descendants of the true hero,
till this day had not received a solitary cent. This
bill proposed to give to the heirs that which Paul
Jones was himself entitled to seventy years ago,
without one cent of interest. He trusted that the
Senate would, without hesitation, notwithstand-
ing the objection urged with respect to the age of
the claim, concur in the amendment, and at once
pass the bill.
Mr. CAMERON remarked that he was a mem-
ber of the committee to whom the case had been
formerly referred, and he had satisfied himself
that -lhe claim was just. The Senate was also sat-
isfied of its justice, and passed the bill by an almost
unanimous vote. In his opinion, the only objec-
tion advanced against the bill which was presented
by the Senator from Missouri furnished the strong-
est argument in its favor. If justice had been de-
' layed in this case for a period of seventy years,
j that was suiely one of the most powerful reasons
; why justice should be promptly rendered now.
1 There was not a gentleman present, there was
i scarcely a man in the countiy, who did not know
: of some case, standing fiom the time of the Revo-
! lution to this day, unsettled. It was true that the
, men of the Revolution were just—no body of men
■ that ever existed were more so; but they were
poor; they were not only too poor to be generous,
, but to pay their debts. The debts of the Revola-
1 tion were left to be discharged when the country
would be able to liquidate them. He himself knew
■ of thousands of dollars worth x>f the continental
! money which lay locked up in old chests m his
own State which had never been liquidated. The
j country made a compromise, but he believed now,
| as he had always believed, that it was discredita-
| ble to them. But the strong argument in favor of
this bill was, that it had passed through all the
, forms of legislation, and accidentally failed to re-
. ceive the signature of the President, and thereby
J become a law. It passed after a full investigation.
I If the Senate refused to pass it now, if, placed the
i bill within the reach of accident again. He could
not believe—he did. not know—till that moment
j that any one would have looked at this as anyth ing
j more than a matter of form. He hoped the bill
i would be passed immediately.
Mr. BAGBY said, that it appeared to him that
the Senators from Indiana and Pennsylvania, had
both mistaken the true point at issue with regard
to this bill. He did not understand that the merits
of the claim of the heirs of Paul Jones were at all
involved in the proposition submitted by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. The distinct and simple
question before the Senate was, whether that was
a deliberative body or not, and whether the usual
forms of legislation were to be adhered to or be
overthrown and lost sight of. He did not under-
stand the gentleman from Massachusetts to be op-
posed to the bill on its merits; on the contrary,
that Senator had distinctly stated that he did not
at present inquire into the merits of the bill. But
it must be obvious, he contended, to ail who have
at all observe^ the transaction of business in that
body, whether with regard to old or new claims,
that they were falling into a very loose, careless,
and, in his humble conception, improper practice.
Although both of his friends on his right [Mr.
Hannegan and Mr. Cameron] belonged to the
junior members of the body in point of yeais, yet
it was supposed that Senators were of that ad-
vanced age which ensured deliberation before they
came there; and now,- what was the argument ad-
vanced? Why, that because this bill had slept for
three quarters of a century, and because it passed
at the very last hour of the last session, therefore it
was to be taken up post-haste, and carried through
the body. If the bill possessed one iota of the
merit attributed to it by both his friends on his
right—and he did not question that it did—where
was the danger of subjecting it to the usual ordeal
of legislation? He did not, as he had said, at all
enter into the merits of the bill; he took it for
granted that its passage was prima facie evidence
that the claim was a good one; but he maintained
the principle that the character of the body as a
deliberative assembly required that every measure,
especially one which had lain for threescore years
and ten, should be subjected to the ordinary forms
of legislation.
Mr. HANNEGAN. It has been knocking at
the doois of Congiess since 1803.
Mr. BAGBY. No doubt; but he would rather
have this or any other claim lie over till next ses-
sion, than the established forms of this body
should be disregarded from day to day. He in-
sisted on the strict adherence to the usual forms of
legislation in this as in all other cases.
Mr. MANGITM remarked, that the only diffi-
culty which he perceived in this case arose out of
the fact that the bill at this session was not reported
by a committee at all; for if it had been reported,
he had no doubt it would have passed that Cham-
ber, and that then, having also passed the House
of Representatives with amendments, it would, on
its return, in case the amendments should hiivebeen
regarded as immaterial by its friends, have been at
once passed upon bv the Senate. Not having been
reported, however, a little more strength was given
to the proposition that it should be referred to a
committee. Yet, what was to be gained by a ref-
erence ? The only question now remaining was on
the amendments of the House, which did not open
the merits of the bill—not at all—and those who
had charge of it had represented that the amend-
. ments were merely verbal, except one which was
; not of much importance, and even if it were con-
; curred in, and it should turn out that injustice had
i been done to any branch of the family, redress was
I easily to be obtained by an application to Congress.
He knfew that this case had undergone a very
|i thorough examination on its merits, not m that
j, Chamber, but by a committee who sat upon it week
j, after week and week after week. It was well known
I' to honorable Senators, that it was utterly impossi-
!i ble for any member of this or any other legislative
j' body to become intimately acquainted with the
II merits of such cases from personal examination.
1 i It was necessary that they should trust to their
i' organs, the committees. In this case, thecommit-
, tee had repeatedly examined the case, and reported
favorably. He believed that the Senate would
^ stultify itself in the eyes of the country if, after a
solemn adjudication, it should refer the bill again
i to a committee, where its merits would not be at
li all open, and the amendments were admitted to be
!; quite immaterial. Even if it were possible that
i, under the influence of feeling they might go a little
!' further than strict justice, yet the consideration that
\\ this was adjust claim, which had lain unsettled for
[i more-than naif a century, otfght to h& allowed some
