1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
388
weight. Besides, their means were now abundant,
for he understood that the war with Mexico had
ceased# -He hoped, then, that there would be no
unwillingness to do fall justice to the claims of the
descendants of one who not only rendered import-
ant service in th£ revolutionary struggle, but, by '
his great achievements, had added to the renown
of the American name.
Mr. BADGER said he had voted for the passage
of the bill at the last session, and had voted for a
similar bill this session. But he could not consent
that it should be passed immediately, in conse-
quence of the statements made by the honorable
Senator from Indiana, as he thought it proper^now
to refer it to the committee. Had the question on
concurrcnce been presented, he would have at once
voted in favor of the bill; but he felt that there was
a necessity of referring the subject to the com-
mittee, if any Senator desired the reference. He
believed that his honorable colleague was quite
correct that the merits of the case were not involv-
ed; yet that did not furnish any reason why the
reference should not be made. .The long session
was before them, and he could not see why the
ordinary course should be resisted when it was
demanded. lie hoped that his friend from Indiana
would yield and allow the reference.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, wished to as-
sure the Senatathat nothing was more opposed to
his view than any purpose of unnecessary delay.
He had no desire to interpose the slightest obstacle
to the passage of the bill, and yet, as he was some-
what responsible for the motion to refer, he wish-
ed to say a word in reference to his purpose in
making the motion. The business was in such
confusion at the close of lust session, that the bill
had fallen under the table and was there lost.
Mr. II ANN EG AN begged to inform the Senator
that the bill had long previously passed the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS said he knew that, and that it had
been brought to receive the signature of the Vice
President.
Mr. UANNEGAN stated that it duf receive that
officer's signature, and that it was on the way to
the Executive chamber that it was lost.
Mr. DAVIS. The bill did not become a law.
Now, he did not complain of the rapidity with
-which the biil passed; all that he wished was to
secure proper examination of the amendments
which U had now received in the Housn. The
object in organizing the committee was to secure
deliberation! The remark made by the honorable
Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Mangum]
showed the necessity of deliberate examination.
That gentleman had said, that if injustke was done
by any of the amendments, ii-diess could be ob-
tained on application to Congress. Now, it was to
ftupermlc tho necessity of any such suhsoqurnt
legislation that he wished it rd'oired to the com-
mitter.
Mr, BENTON observed, that all he had to say
was, that with regard to this claim, which had been
represented aslongpending,asa" continual "chum,
he knew nothing whatsoever. He did not know
that it had passed and been lost accidentally, till
after the close of last session. All that might have
been owing to his not attending to the business of
the Senate, but such wus the fact. Now, he would
go further and say, that he never knew what the
bill was for, nor whatit was about—he knew noth-
ing of the foundation of the claim till yesterday,
when his attention was drawn to it by a speech of
a member of the House, [Mr. Starkweather,]
■winch that gentleman had sent to him, and which
he had read, as he read ail the speeches of that gen-
tleman, with attention. It was thus that he had be-
come acquainted with the nature of the claim, and
he made tins statement merely for the purpose of
excluding himself from the supposition that he had
given tins bill proper consideration when it was
before the Senate. The application at present was,
10 give the bill a reference to the proper committee,
and that perhaps would afford him an opportunity
of requesting that committee to inquire whether
Paul Jones had any heirs. It had been his cus-
tom fiom his childhood to read everything relating
to the Revolution, and he thought he knew some-
thing about the men of the Revolution. Every-
thing connected with these men was worthy of
careful examination. Yet he did not know that
Paul Jones had any heirs. Perhaps the committee
would find that out. He hoped that the reference
would be made.
Mr. HAiNNEGAN said he would not detain
the Senate by making any observations, and would
merely read ,the amendments, contenting himself
with a single remark in reply to the allusion of the
Senator from Missouri to the fact, that Paul Jone's
had no heirs. The report had an entirely differ-
ent statement, and he believed that^ according to
the laws of descent, a man could have heirs, and
direct heirs, without having had children. The
children of his brothers and sisters were his heirs.
The grandchildren of his brothers and sisters were
his«heirs in the eye of the law. That was the case
in the present instance. He then read the amend-
ments, and added, that it would be seen that they
were as he had represented them, entirely imma-
terial.
Mr. BRADBURY" remarked that the Senator
from Indiana had alluded to the fact that this bill
had once passed the Senate unanimously. He
was himself present on that day early in the ses-
sion, on which the bill was passed without being
subjected to the usual forms, and had supposed
that the case was one so clear, so well settled, one
about which there could be no doubt, that as
a matter of courtesy to the Senator from Indi-
ana, he had readily yielded to his request, and
voted for its immediate passage. Since that time
he had had occasion to look into the ease, and he,
confessed that he was unable again to vote in favor
of the bill on its merits out of courtesy to any
Senator. The Senator from Indiana had on the
present occasion alluded to one fact to which he
wished to call the attention of the Senate. That
Senator had gone into the merits of the bill, and
alleged that the United States Government had
deprived the claimants of the means of prosecuting
their claims against a foreign government. The
Senator then placcd that claim on the ground that
the United States Government had interposed be-
tween the claimant and the foreign government,
and had itself assumed the claim. In looking into
the facts of the case, he found that the treaty with
Denmark did not exactly warrant that conclusion;
and he hoped that the reference would be made, in
order that an opportunity might be ollercd of in-
vestigating the matter. If the claim were just, he
would be very happy to vote in favor of the bill.
If it were not just, he could not conscientiously
vote for it*, and in these circumstances he wished
that the bill might be subjected to the usual forms
of legislation, in order that it might be acted on
with coolness and deliberation.
Mr. CASS said he hoped the bill would be
passed over informally, in order that the special
order might be taken up.
Seykuai. Senators. " Question."
The uuestion was then taken on the motion to
refer the bill to the committee, and it was agreed
to—Ayes 25.
II.LNKSS OF JOHN QUINCV ADAMS.
Mr. BlvNTON rose, and with gient feeling, said :
I am called on to make a painful announcement to
the Senate, i have just been informed that the
House of Representatives has this instant adjourn-
ed under the most afflictive circumstances. A
calamitous visitation has fallen on one of its oldest
and most valuable members—one who has been
President of the United States, and whose charac-
ter has inspired the highest respect and esteem.
Mr. Adams has just sunk down in his chair, and
has been earned into an adjoining room, and may
be at this moment passing from the earth, under the
loof that covers us, and almost in our presence.
In these circumstances the whole Senate will feel
alike, and feel wholly unable to attend to any busi-
ness. I therefore move the immediate adjourn-
ment of the Senate.
The motion was unanimously agreed to; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 22, 1848.
The House met at twelvco'clock,theusual hour,
and it was marked with deep solemmty.and sad-
ness. The Rev. H. Slicer, the Congressional
Chaplain, performed the duty of his otfice with
unusual nnpressiveness, and tenderly and delicate-
ly alluded to the venerable sage who lay in an
adjoining room, unconscious of all earthly concerns,
on the verge of eternity.
The SPEAKER then rose and said, he deemed
improper to state to the House from the chair that
his venerable colleague, John Q,uincy Adams, was
still in a state of unconsciotis'ne'ss in the Speaker'«
room, and, in'the' opinfcn of hiS'medical advisers,
was rapidly sinking.
Mr. BURT moved that the-House do now ad-
journ.
Mr. GIDDINGS suggested that the Journal of *
yesterday should state the cause of its early ad-
journment.
The SPEAKER acquiesced, and directed the
Clerk to record the melancholy circumstance.
The House then adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c. *
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred :
By Mr. TURNER* The petition of f{. Wells and others,
prajing for an act to authorize the citizens of Rock Mdnd
to select 160 aeies ofland, for school purposes in lieu of six-
teenth section. Also, the petition of H. Whitney and others,
praung foi a mail route from La Salle to Lee Centre ana
Day*vj|le,in the State of Illinois.
By Mr. TIIURS I'uN : The remonstrance of Benjamin G.
Teal and one hundred other>, agam^t the renewal of thd
patent to the heir.-. of Jethro Wood.
By Mr A. JOHNSO.Y: The papers of Jonathan Naff, Ed-
ward Taylor, and Cornelius Hughes, alt applicants to be
placed on the roll of invalid pensioners. Also, ihe papers of
Thomas Richard, an applicant to be placed on the toll of
revolutionary pensioners.
By Mr. GAINES : The petition of W. H. Seott, for indem-
nity for lo*s sustained by the failure and refusal of the Post-
master General to give him a mail contract according to
agreement.
By Mr. GREEN ADAMS: The petition of Jarvi<? Jackson,
praying to be relieved I join the payment of a judgment ob-
tained against linn as tlie security of Calvin Gaiter, late
po«tninvtei at London, Keriturkj.
By Mr. IIl'NT. The petition of W. S. Rofsiter, James
Brown, jr., and other citizens of IVewYoik, foi the admis-
sion of Canadian piodu< e tr«<' of duty. Also, a petition oi'the
same purpoit from Horace White and other citizens of Sy-
iactive. New Yoik.
liy Mi. HOLMES, of New York: TIic remonstrance of
N. Steunis and littv-thiee other*, ofMonroe county, New
York, against oMending the patent of Jethio Wood.
By Mi. WENTVVCKTfl: A pention for a mail route from
Juliet, via Jackson rrcek, Rced'f Giove, Wilmington, Rock
cieek, Bullbonia, Mount Langum, Middieport, ami Milfoid,
Illinois, to Lafayette, in Indiana. Also, the petition ol citi-
zens of McLean county, for u change in the present system
of newspaper postage. Afco, the proceedings of a public
meeting held at Buffalo, New Yoi U, by the owners and mas-
ters of vessels.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 22, 1848.
The Journal having been read—
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, rose and said,
that he was informed the House of Representa-
tives had met and instantly adjourned, m conse-
quence of the continued and dangerous illness of
Mr. Ad\m?, who still lay within these walls in a
very perilous condition. Mr. Adams, he said,had
attained to a great age, and had hern eminently
distinguished among- the illustrious men of the
country; nnd he hoped, under the circumstances
which existed, the motion he was about to make
would meet with the approbation of the Senate.
It seemed to him that the anxieties of the moment,
as well as veneration for one who has so long been
an important co-laborer in our councils, in a meas-
ure unfitted us for deliberation.
Mr. D. then moved that the Senate do now ad-
journ.
The question being put, it was decided in the
affirmative, nemine dissenlienie; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 23,1848.
After an appropriate prayer by the Rey. Mr.
Slicer, the Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
The House then, on motion of Mr. BARRIN-
GER, adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Feb) nary 23, 1848.
Before the Journal had been read—
A message was received from the President of
the United States announcing that he had approved
and signed several eniolled bills, and transmitting
a message in writing. The message was of an
Executive character.
Mr. ALLEN rose to present some resolutions.
Mr. SEVIER. Let the Journal be first read.
The Journal was then read.
Mr. SEVIER moved that the Senate proceed
to the* consideration of Executive business.
