384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24.
Mr. ALLEN said he wished now to be permit-
ted to submit his resolutions.
Mr. SEVIER, if the resolutions will not lead
to discussion, 1 will withdraw m.y proposition, for
the purpose of allowing them to be submitted.
Mr. ALLEN. There will be no discussion.
Mr. ALLEN then submitted the following:
Resjlved, Tiuu the President be requested to inform the
Seriate whether the active operations of the army of the
United States in Mexico have been and now are suspended
by an armistice, and if so, hy whose agency and in virtue of
what authority such armistice ha* been effected.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be instruct-
« ed to inquire and to repoi t to the Senate, by bill or otherwise,
whether, in addition to the following act, to wit: "An act for
the punishment ot certain-crimes therein specified, he it
enacted, <yc., That if any person, being a citizen of the Uni-
ted States, whether he, be actually resident oi abiding within
the United States or m any foreign country, shall, without the
permission or authority of the Government of the United
States, directly oi indirectly, commence or can yon any ver-
bal or written correspondence or intereouise with any foreign
government, or any officer or agent thereof, with an intent to
influence the measures oreonductof any foreign government,
or of any officer or agent thereof,in relation to any disputes or
controverted with the United Suites, or defeat the measuies
of the Government of the United States; oni any person b<nng
u citi/^un ni'orr«>ideiit within tilt United States, and not duly
authorized, shall counsel, advNe, aid, or assist in any such
correspondence, with intent as aforesaid, he or they shall he
deemed guilty of a high m^demtanor, and, on conviction
before any couit of the United States having jurisdiction
thereof, snail be punished by a fine not exceeding five thou
sand dollars and by imprisonment (luting a teun of not less
than s>i\ months, nor exceeding three yeais: Proiulcd al-
ways, Th-tt nothing m thj . act contained shall be constiued
to abridge the ughtof individual citizens of the United States
to apply, by themselves or twirlawful agents, to any foreign
Government or their agents thereof for the rediess of any
miuiiesin relation to person oi piopertv which such indi-
viduals may have sustained from such Government, or any
of its agents, citizen--, ot subject," appioved JanuaiyOO,
179y—any further legislation be neee^ary in order more
effectually to protect the rights and interests of the people of
the United States against tlie consequences which may re-
sult from the assumption of any individual or individuals,
without authority to act, in the name or behalf ol the Gov-
ernment of the United States, or any depaitment or oliicer
thereof, with any foreign Government, oi department or offi-
cei thereof, oi any individual or individuals assuming to be
such foreign Government, oi department or officer theieof,
and especially in matter.- of peace and war.
Resolved, That the fot tieth rule for conducting business in
the Senate, and which require-* the Senate to close it  doors
when transacting Executive Lm<inc«, be rescinded, and the
Senate shall hereafter sit with open doois while transacting
all bu-^ine^.
Raolvcd, That the injunction of srcrcey be, and the same
is hereby, removed from all past proceedings of the Senate in
Executive session. ,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, rose to submit a
paper; when—
Mr. SEVIER immediately renewed his propo-
sition, refusing; to give way.
And the motion having been agreed to, the Sen-
ate proceeded to the consideration of Executive
business.
After an hour spent in Executive .session, the
doors were reopened; when
Several petitions were presented and referred.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Two or three unimportant bills were reported
from committees.
Mr. CASS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, submitted the testimony taken before the
committee in relation to the claims upon the Gov-
ernment by citizens of California, arising out of
our military operations in that country.
Mr. C. said that this testimony disclosed much
important information, and he moved that it be
printed, and that 20,000 extra copies be also print-
ed for distribution; which was agreed to.
THE TEN-REGIMENT BILL.
Mr. CASS gave notice that he would call up the
ten-regiment bill to-morrow, at one o'clock, and
lie hoped the Senate would be prepared to act upon
]f without delay, as it was desirable that it should
be speedily passed.
Mr. MASON observed, that when this bill was
last befene the Senate, he had obtained the floor,
wiih a view of expressing his opinions upon the
various subjects which had been presented, when
it should next be before the Senate. Since that
day, however, the bill had not been before the Sen-
ate, and ciicumstances had occurred, pretty well
known to the public, which rendered it unneces-
sary that the discussion should be continued in the
range which it had hitherto taken. He was, there-
fore, very willing to yield the floor, if Senators
upon the other side would forego their intention
further to discuss the bill, and let it be put upon
its passage. He knew of nothing which had trans-
pired to render such a measure unnecessary.
Mr, CASS said, it was Ihe unanimous opinion
of gentlemen on his side of the Chamber that to
halt now in our military operations would be fatal.
Their wish was that the bill should be passed be-
fore the adjournment to-morrow.
Mr. BEfcRIEN observed, that if gentlemen on
the other side, holding the majority, were deter-
mined to press the passage of this bill to-morrow,
those on his side must yield to the force of supe-
rior numbers. He trusted, however, that such a
course would not be pursued, but that the privilege
which had been enjoyed by gentlemen on the other
side of discussing the bill fully, would also be ex-
tended to them, to afford an opportunity of explain-
ing why they thought the bill unnecessary.
Mr. MASON interred, from the observations of
the Senator from Georgia, that it was the opinion
011 that side of the Chamber that the bill was now
unnecessary. He should feel it his duty, there-
fore, to occupy the floor to-morrow, to show that
the necessity for the passage of the bill still ex-
ist^.
Mr. ALLEN suggested to Senators on the other
side, who seemed disposed to continue the debate
upon the bill, that they might avail themselves of
materials for the discussion, by taking up and
adopting the resolution which he had offered this
morning for rescinding the rule requiring a portion
of the business of the Senate to be transacted in
secret session. They could then introduce topics
which it would not otherwise be in order for them
even to allude to.
Mr. MANGUM did not exactly comprehend
the extent and scope of the resolution referred to
by the Senator from Ohio.
Several Senators called for the reading of the
resolution, and it was read by the Secretary. [The
resolution, which is to rescind the 40th rule, is
given above.]
Mr. MANGUM observed, that he would not
interpose his vote to a resolution to consider the
particular matter which had been alluded to in
open session, if gentlemen on the other side saw
proper to take such a step. He would place the
responsibility upon gentlemen representing the
Administration upon that floor, and if they saw fit
to adopt such a course, he would not interpose his
negative. As to the resolution which had been
read, so wide in its scope, he would take occasion
to give his views upon it when it should come
up.
Mr. ALLEN moved that the resolution be now
taken up.
Mr. MANGUM would not himself interpose
any objection; but, under the rule, the resolution
must lie on the table if a single member objected.
Mr. BERRIEN said there v/asa grave question
involved in this resolution, and it should not be
acted on hastily. He therefore moved that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. DOUGLAS demanded the yeas, and nays
on the motion.
Mr. ALLEN suggested to the Senator from
Georgia thatthe resolution could be postponed until
to-morrow without an adjournment.
Mr. BERRIEN had taken that mode of post-
poning the resolution. If, however, tiiere was a
desire for a longer session, he would withdraw the
motion.
Mr. CAMERON was opposed to the considera-
tion of the resolution to-day, though when it came
up he might be found with the mover. Too much
time had already been wasted in the discussion of
the ten-regiment bill; and he hoped there would be
no more delay, in regard to it. The necessity for
its passage was as great now, or greater, than ever.
Mr. NILES hoped the Senator would withdraw
his objection, and let the resolution be taken up.
Mr. CALHOUN thought there was an intimate
connection between the ten-regiment bill and the
subject which had been alluded to, which pertained
to Executive business. He hoped the honoiable
chairman of the Military Committee would not,
therefore, persist in his determination to press the
passage of the bill. As to the resolution of the
Senatorfrom Ohio, he was utterly opposed to it,
even if so modified as to embrace only the present
subject for Executive consideration. It would be
opening the door to a dangerous precedent, and
would throw down the barrier which the Consti-
tution had wisely placed round the consideration
of questions involving peace or war.
Mr. MANGUM hoped he was not understood
as approving even the consideration of the one par-
ticular subject which had been alluded to in open
session. He did not approve of it. Hehad merely
observed that if those representing the 'Adminis-
tration chose to take the responsibility of #uch a
course, he should not interpose his negative to it.
He thought it was a question for them to settle,
and upon them would rest the responsibility,
Mr. CALHOUN had not understood tne Sen-
ator from North Carolina as approving it.
Mr. CASS desired to say one word. There
was a greater necessity now than ever for the pas-
sage of the bill. Suppose a treaty had been nego-
tiated, it was very well known that there was not
a quorum of the Mexican Congress at Queretaro
to have ratified such a treaty. And supposing we-
should ratify a treaty, if there be one, it is well
known that there is no stability in the Mexican
Government; that it is here to-day and gone to-
morrow, and there rs no certainty that it would be-
ratified hy the one which might exist when it
should reach Mexico. Besides, if-we relax our
military operations, it might disincline them to
ratify any treaty. The passage of the bill will
cost us nothing, for w^need not raise the troops
if they are not needed. But we should make a
demonstration here to act upon the fears of the
Mexican rulers, and thus force them into a peace.
Mr. MANGUM rose to a point of order.
Mr. CASS was aware that he was not in order,
there being no question before the Senate. Other
gentlemen, however, had been permitted to go on,
and as he had been personally alluded to by the
Senator from South Carolina, he hoped he would
be allowed the same privilege.
Mr.-MANGUM said that was not his point of
order. It was, whether the Senator was not ill
some sense affording " aid and comfort to the
enemy," by making remarks here which would
be published, and might reach their ears, about
making a feint—a movement for effect—to operate
upon their fears, the knowledge of which would
tend to defeat its aim ?
Mr. CASS was not for making a feint: he waa
for effective operations.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, said he should
object to the consideration of the resolution of the
Senator from Ohio to-day, and lie would therefore
move that the Senate adjourn; which was agreed
to without dissent. t
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 24, 1848.
The House met at the usual hour, and was
opened by prayer by the Chaplain. A full attend-
ance of members and a crowded audience attested
the deep interest of the occasion which called the
two Houses to offer public testimonials of their ~
profound respect for the memory of the Hon.
John Q,dincy Adams, who breathed his last on
yesterday evening, and whose mortal remains yet
lie within the walls of the Capitol.
The SPEAKER (the Hon. R. C. Wi^throp)
rose, and in a feeling and affecting manner ad-
dressed the House as follows:
Gentlemen of the House of
Representatives of the United States:
It has been thought fit that the Chair should
announce officially to this House an event already
known to the members individually, and which
has filled all our hearts with sadness.
A seat on this floor has been vacated, towards
which our eyes have been accustomed to turn with
j no common interest.
|i A voice has been hushed forever in this Flail,
| to which all ears have been wont to listen with
J1 profound reverence.
A venerable form has faded from our sight,
; around which we have daily clustered with an af-
I fectionate regard.
'j A name has been stricken from the roll of the
livinz statesmen of our land, which has been asso-
ciated for more than half a century with the higli-
| est civil service, and the loftiest civil renown.
jl On Monday, the 21st instant, John Quincy
]; Adams sunk in his seat, in presence of us all, by
: a sudden illness, from which he never recovered;
and he died in the Speaker's room at a quarter
past seven o'clock last evening, with the officers
of the House and the delegation of his own Mas-
sachusetts around him.
Whatever advanced age, long experience, great
ability, vast learning, accumulated public honors,
a spotless private character, and a firm religious
