THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED
AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHIN&TON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Ses
faith, could do to render any one an object of in-
terest, respect, and admiration, they had done for
this distinguished person; and interest, respect,
and admiration are but feeble terms to express the
feelings with which the members of this House
and the people of the country have long regarded
him.
After a life of eighty years, devoted from its
earliest maturity to the public service, he has at
length gone to his rest. He has been privileged to
die at his post; to fall while in the discharge of his
duties; to" expire beneath the roof of the Capitol;
and to have his last scene associated forever in his-
lory with the birthday of that illustrious Patriot,
whose just discernment brought him first into the
service of his country.
The close of such a life, under such circumstan-
ces, is not an event for unmingled emotions. We
cannot find it in our hearts to regret, that he has died
as he has died. He himself could have desired
no other end. " This is the end of earth,"'were
his last words, uttered on the day on which he fell.
But we might almost hear him exclaiming, as he
left us—in a language hardly less familiar to him
than his native tongue—" Hoc esp, nimirum, magis
feliciter de mId migrare, quam mori."
It is for others to suggest what honors shall be
paid to his memory. J\o acts of ours are neces-
sary to his fame. But it may be due to ourselves
and to the country, that the national sense of his
character and services should be fitly commemo-
rated.
When the Speaker concluded—
Mr. HUDSON, of Massachusetts, rose and ad-
dressed the House as follows:
Mr. Speaker: I rise, with no ordinary emo-
tion, to perform a painful duty, winch has been
assigned me by my colleagues, growing out of an
event which has recently occurred'in the midst of
us, the announcement of which has just been made
by the Chair. My late venerable colleague is no
more! A great and good man has fallen! He
has been stricken down in the midst of us, while
in the discharge of his public duties. One whose
public services are coeval with the establishment
of our Government—one who has come down to
us from past generations, and of whom it might
almost be saiu that he was living in the midst of
posterity, an example to us and to*those who come
after us—has ceased from his labors, mid gone to
his reward. The peculiar circumstances of his
death are known to <;vcry member of this I louse,
and are calculated to make a deep and lasting im-
pression. They weigh so heavily upon my own
mind and feelings, that I am almost inclined to
believe that silence is the most appropriate token
of our grief, and the most suitable tribute to his
memory.
John GUjincy Adams was born on the 31th day
of July, 17G7, in that part of Braintrec, Massa-
chusetts, which was subsequently incorporated
into a town by the name of Cliiincy, and hence
was in the eighty-first year of his age. In 1778,
when he was but eleven years of age, he accom-
panied his father, John Adams, to France, who
was sent with Ben jamin Franklin and Arthur Lee,
as Commissioners' to the Court of Versailles. Af-
ter remaining in France about eighteen months,
during which time he applied himself closely to
the study of the French and Latin languages, he
returned to his own country in August, 1779. In
. November of the same year, his father was again
despatched to Europe for the discharge of diplo-
matic services, and took his son John Uuincy with
him- At Pans he was put to school; and when,
in 1780, John Adams removed to Holland, lus son
enjoyed the advantages of the public school at
Amsterdam, and afterwards of the University at
Leyden. Francis Dana, who accompanied John
Adams, as Secretaiy to the Embassy, received in
1781 the appointment of Minister Plenipotentiary
to Russia, and took John Q,umcy Adams, then
fourteen years of age, with him as his private sec-
retary. Heie he remained till October, 1782, when
he left Mr. Dana at St. Petersbnrgh, and returned
through Sweden, Denmark, Hamburg, and Bre-
men, to Holland, where he remained some months,
25
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 1,1848.
New Series No. 25.
till his father took him to Paris, at the time of the
signing of the treaty of peace in 1783. From that
tunc till 1785, he was with his father in England,
Holland, and France; during the whole of which
period he was a close student.
At the age of eighteen, at his own request, his
father permitted him to return to Massachusetts,
where he entered Harvard University, and was
graduated in 1787 with distinguished honors. Soon
after leaving college, he entered the office of the
celebrated Theophilus Parsons, afterwards Chief
Justice of Massachusetts, where lie remained the
usual period of three years in the study of the
law, when he entered the profession, and establish-
ed himself at Boston.
In 1704, General Washington appointed him
Resident Minister to theUnitedNetherlands. From
that period till 1801 he was in Europe, employed
in diplomatic business, and as a public minister in
Holland, England, and Prussia. Just as General
Washington was retiring from office, he appointed
Mr. Adams Minister Plenipotentiary to the Court
of Portugal. While on his way to Lisbon he
received a new^commission, changing his destina-
tion to Berlin. During his residence of about three
years and a half at Berlin, he concluded an im-
portant commercial treaty with Prussia—thus ac-
complishing the object of his mission. lie was
recalled near the close of his father's administra-
tion, and arrived in his native country in Septem-
ber, 1801.
In 1802 he was chosen by the Boston district to
the Senate of Massachusetts, and soon after was
elected by the Legislature a Senator in Congress
for six years from March 3, 1803. He remained
m the Senate of the United States until 1808, when
he resigned. While in the Senate he received the
appointment of Professor of Rhetoric in Harvard
University, an office which he filled with distin-
guished ability.
In 1809 he was appointed by President Madison
Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipoten-
tiary to the Court of Russia, where he rendered the
most important services to his country. By his
influence with that Court, he induced Russia to
offer her mediation between Great Britain and the
United States in the war of 1812; and, when the
proper time had arrived, he was planed by Presi- '
dent Madison at the head of'five distinguished
commissioners to negotiate a treaty of pence" which
was .concluded at Ghent in 18H, Mr. Aihmswm ,
then asso''iate#with Mr. Clay and Mr. Gnllntm to
negotiate a commeicial convention with Great Brit- ■
ain, and was forthwith appointed Minister Pleni- !
to the Court of St. James. While in
and man appears as he really is, we find in him all
those silent and social virtues which adorn the
character. His ardent love of justice, his inflexi-
ble regard for truth, his stern devotion to the cause
of civil and- religious liberty, were blended with
meekness, sobriety, and chanty. But the crown-
! *ng glory of his character was his devotion to the
I cause of his Redeemer.
I To that cause he was publicly dedicated on the
! second day of his earthly existence, and through-
j out a long life he manifested a firm belief in Di-
i vine revelation, and a calm trust in that Being who
j rules among the nations, and spreads the mantle
I of his love over his dependant children. But he
] is gone. The places that have known him will
j now know him no more forever. This instance
I of mortality, at once so peculiar and so painful,
, admonishes us of the uncertainty, t>f life, and
[ teaches us so to number our days, that we may
j apply our hearts unto wisdom.
We tender to his afflicted family our heartfelt
sympathy, and assure them that a nation's tears
will be mingled with theirs. And while we look
for consolation to the wisdom and goodness of an
overruling Providence, we would affectionately
commend them to that giacious Being who has re-
vealed himself na the father of the fatherless and
the widow's God and friend.
Mr. Hudson concluded by offering the follow-
ing resolutions:
Resolved, Tliat this House ha* heard with the deepest
sensibility of the dentil in this Capitol ot' John (inixcy
Ai>\ms, a member of the House from the S^tate of Massa-
chusetts.
Resolved, That, as a testimony of respect for the memory
of this distinguished statesman, the officers and members
of the House will wear the usual badge of mourning, and
attend the funeral in this Hall on Saturday next, at twelve
o'clock.
Resolved, That a committee be appointed to superintend
the funeral solemnities.
Resolved, That the proceeding of this House in relation
to the death of John Uuincy Adams be communicated to
the family of the deceased by the Clerk.
Resolved, That this House, as a further mark of respect
for the memory of the deceased, do adjourn to Saturday next,
tho day appointed for the funeral.
Before the question was stated oil these resolu-
tions—
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, rose and
said: Mr. Speaker, the mingled tones of sorrow,
like the voice of many wateis, has come unto us
from a sister State—Massachusetts weeping for
her honored-son. The State 1 have the honor in
part to represent, once endured, with yours, acom-
mon suffering, battled for a common cause, and
rejoiced ill a common triumph. Surely, then, it
•- . . , , .   ,i is meet that in this the day of your affliction wo
■uropo in Jail, he received the appointment of . j should mingle our griefs.
,ustlc® ,°l l',e Supremo Court of the |j When a great man falls, the nation mourns;
United States, which he declined. j; when a patriarch is removed, the people weep.
•, After remaining in England till the close of Pres- p Ours, my associates, is no common bereavement,
ident Madison s administration, he was called |! The chain which linked our hearts with the gifted
homo, and placed by President Monroe at the head :i spirits of former times has been rudely snapped,
of the iJepartment of State, where he remained i; The lips from which flowed those living and glo-
elgr„ , , , , tT S! rious truths that our fathers uttered are closed in
.■ n C10s(.e" House of Repre- death. Yes, my friends, Death has been among-
sentdt'ves Piesident of the United States for the jj us! He 1ms not entered the humble cottage of
1HO0 h/?Mi k" Ie;l.v'n£tl,c Presidency in i some unknown, ignoble peasant; he has knocked
~ he • Vaal I " 1VC '' ace ln Massac''"- !■ audibly at the palace of a nation ! His footstep
setts, and in 1831 lie was elected a member of this has been heard in the Hall of a State ! He has
r by the free suffrages of the people has ! clovcn down his v.ctim in the midst of the councils
. tlieik>r of llls death. 1, of a people' He has borne in triumph from among
•you thc^rr.vnpt, wisest, most reverend head ! Ah!
he has token him as? a tronhy who was once chief
over many Stales, adorned with virtue, and learn-
ing, and truth; he has borne at his chariot wheels
a renowned one of the earth !
There wps no incident in the birth, the life, the
death, of Mr. Adams, not intimately woven with
the history of the land. Born in the night, of his
country's tribulation, he heard the first murmurs
of discontent; he saw the first efforts for deliver-
ance. Whilst yet a little child, he listened with
r eagerness to the whispers of freedom as they
breathed from the lips of h$r almost inspired
apostles: he caught the fire that was then kindled;
his eye beamed with the first my; he watched the
day spring from on high; and long before he de-
parted from earth, it wa* graciously vouchsafed
This is but a hasty and imperfect enumeration
of the public stations which have been filled by my
late lamented colleague. Of the manner in which
he has discharged these public trusts it is not ne-
cessary for me to speak. Suffice it to say, that his
long eventful life has been devoted to the public
service, and the ability and fidelity with which he
has discharged every duty are known and acknowl-
edged throughout the nation. His fame is so
blended with his country's history that it will live
when all the fnul monuments of art shall have
crumbled into dust. By his death the country has
lost a pure patriot, science an ardent votary, and
the cause of human freedom a devoted friend.
But it is not as a public man merely that we are
to contemplate Mr. Adams. In the private walk!
onue* where Ured dissimulation drops the mask,"
