386
THE C&NGRESSKMAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24,
unto him to behold the effulgence of her noontide
. glory.
His father saw the promise of the son, and early
Jed him by the hand, to drink of the very fountains
of light and liberty itself. His youthful thoughts
were kindled with the idealism of a republic, whose
living form and features he was destined to behold
visibly. Removed at an early age to a distant
country, he there, under the eye of his father, was
instructed in the rigid lore of a Franklin, as I have
heard him say. His intellect was expanded by
the conversations, and invigorated by the acute
disquisitions, of the«Academicians, whose fiery
zeal, even at that early period, was walling up the
mind of France to deeper thoughts, bolder inqui-
ries, and more matured reflection—to result ulti-
mately, as we all know, in terrific action. Return-
ing to this country, he entered into the cool cloisters
qf the college; passed through the various stages to
acquire that discipline of mind which intense study
can alone impart; and thence, as he was about to
emerge, appeared those buds of promise \vhich
soon blossomed into those blushing honors he after-
wards wore so thick around him. His was not
the dreamy life of the schools; but he leapt into
the arena of activity, to run a career of glorious
emulation with the gifted spirits of the earth. He
saw the efforts to place his country on a deep and
stable foundation, where it now rests. He had
seen the colonies emerge into States, and the States
cemented into Union, and realized, in the forma-
tion of this confederated republic, all that his ardent
hopes had pictured out in the recesses of schools.
Young as he then was, he contributed, by the en-
ergy of his mind and the vigor of his pen, to sup-
port the administration of Washington, who, we
have just been told, transferred him at an earlyage
to a foreign court; scarcely initiated into its diplo-
macy before his services were required for another
and a more extended sphere. Passing from that,
he returned to his own country, and was placed
by the suffrages of his State in the chamber of the
other end of this Capitol; and there, the activity of
his mind, the freedom of his thought, the independ-
ence of his action, rendered him to Ills constituents
for the time being unacceptable, by uniting him to
the policy of Mr. Jefferson. He retired fiom the
halls of Congress; but he went to no ignoble ease.
Wearied with the toils, heated with the contests,
covered with the dust of politics, he withdrew to
the classic groves of Cambridge, and there he i
bathed his weary mind in the pure stream of intel-
lectual rest. Purified, refreshed, invigorated, he
came forth, after severe study and devout prayer,
to do his country service. He was sent imme-
diately to Russia, as has been stated, not to repose
amidst the luxuries of courts, or in rich saloons
amidst the glitter of lights and the swell of volup-
tuous music, but to watch the swell and play of
those shadowy billows 'with which all Europe
heaved beneath the throes of the great heart of
France.
Mr. Adams saw and felt that the pulse of freedom
day by day beat feebler and feebler throughout the
continent. He counselled the ministers of Russia.
He was one of those that stimulated them to wake
from their torpor, and he had the satisfaction to
behold, from the frozen regions of the north, those
mighty hordes pour out upon the sunny nations of
the south to give deliverance to People, States, and
Powers. His own country demanded his services,
and he became, with Gallatin and Clay, a mediator
of that peace between two nations which we trust
shall exist forever, while the only contests shall
be those of good will on earth and mutual brother-
hood.
He went—as his father had gone after the first
war of the Revolution—upon the termination of
the second war, to the Court of St. James. He re-
mained not long before another sphere was opened
to him. As Secretary of State for eight years, he
fulfilled the arduous duties incident"to that high
post in a country just emerging from conflict. To
the highest office of the people he was quickly
raised; and how in that sphere he moved—with
what ease, ability, and grace—we all know, and
history will record. He crushed no heart beneath
the rude grasp of proscription; he left no heritage
of widows' cries or orphans' tears.
He disrobed himself with dignity of the vestures
of office, not to retire to the shades of duincy, but,
in the maturity of his intellect, in the vigor of his
thought, to leap into this arena, and to continue,
had "begun, a disciple, an ardent devotee at
the temple of his country's freedom. How in this
department he ministered to his country's wants
we all know and have witnessed. How often
we have crowded into that aisle, and clustered
around that now vacant desk, to listen to the coun-
sels of wisdom as they fell from the lips of the ven-
erable sage, we can all remember, for it was but
of yesterday. But what a change! How won-
drous! how sudden! 'Tis like a vision of the
night. That form which we beheld but a few days
since is now cold in death!
But the last Sabbath and in this Hall he wor-
shipped with others. Now his spirit mingles with
the noble army of martyrs and the just made per-
fect in the eternal adoration of the living God!
With him " this is the end of earth." He sleeps
the sleep that knows no waking. He is gone—
and forever! The sun that ushers in the morn of
that next holy day, while itgiMs the lofty dome
of the Capitol, shall rest with soft and mellow light
upon the consecrated spot beneath whose turf for-
ever lies the Patriot Father and the Patriot
Sage!
Mr. VINTON rose and addressed the House:
Mr. Speaker, (said he,) when the messenger of
death enters this Hall, and bids one of us come
away, it is our custom to commit exclusively to
some colleague of the departed member the solemn
ceremony of its announcement. Usage requires
no more. But the venerable, man whom the de-
stroying angel smote down in our very presence—
the book of whose great life is now written and
finished—stood out far beyond the rest of us, upon
a broader and higher elevation. It is true he was
the son of Massachusetts, and to her belongs the
proud honor of having given him birth. But he'
wa3 more than the son of Massachusetts; he did
not belong to her alone; he offered himself to his
country, and she made him her property. His
fame, his wisdom, and his works, were all his
country's. These are his rich and common legacy
to us all. It is therefore that we of the great na-
tional brotherhood claim the precious privilege io
cluster close around the children of Massachu-
setts—to take part with them in this sad solemnity
— to sympathize with them, and along with them
—to give utterance to our sorrow, to our reverence,
to our veneration for the departed dead, and to our
deep affliction in this great national bcrcavemcn*.
I did not rise—I dare not attempt one word of
eulogy upon the illustrious dead—nor dare I ven-
ture to portray his exalted character as a states-
man, or .the bright virtues of his private life. I
know how incompetent I am to the' performance
of such a task. I trust that in due time, and on
some fitting occasion, this will be done by some
one of the great and gifted intellects of Massachu-
setts. But still I hope I may.be mrmitted to say
that no man has heretofore died, When a member
! of this body, who will fill so large a space in his
j country's history, or who has stamped so deeply
i his impress on her institutions. The solemnity of
j the occasion forbids, perhaps the period has not
yet arrived, for the expression of an unbiassed
! opinion respecting the effect of this on his coun-
! try's welfare. But when time shall have numher-
j ed with the dead us who were actors with him
| upon this great drama of life; when the partialities
of his friends and the prejudices of his enemies,
if any he have left behind, shall have been buried
in one common grave, he and the work of his
I great life may be safely trusted to the truthful his-
: torian, and to the judgment of an impartial pos-
1 terjty. To this great and just ordeal, he, with all
the renowned and mighty of the earth who have
j gone before him, must come at last. And to its
: verdict, those of us who knew him best, and were
j most devoted to him, are most willing to commit
| him, and all that heachieved. The time, the place,
; and the manner of his death, all conspire to excite
i the profoundest sensation everywhere,%s it has
I done in this Hall; and especially to teach us
j " what shadows we are, and what shadows we
( pursue;'' to teach us how vain and valueless are
] all our struggles and contests here for distinction
! or for power; and, above all, that no human great-
! ness, no fame, no honor, no high attainment, no
1 divine exaltation of intellect, can aught avail us
to avert the dread sentence of God upon poor mor-
: tal man: " Dust thou art, and unto dust thou shalt
| return."
j Mr. McDOWELL, of Virginia, then rose and
! said : Such, for half a century, Mr. Speaker, has
1 been the eminent position of Mr. Adams in the
eyes of his countrymen; his participation in the
highest honors which it was theirs to give; his in-
timate association with controlling events in their
national annals, and with the formation of that
public opiniot) which brought therti about; such the
veneration and almost universal homage entertain-
ed for his intellect and virtues; and such, in all re-
spects, his great relations to this entire Union, and
to the daily thought of its giowing millions,—that
on this sad occasion the language of all its parts
will be that of lamentation and of tribute. It is not
for Massachusetts to mourn alone over a solitary
and exclusive bereavement. It is not for her to
feel alone a solitary and exclusive sorrow. No,
sir; no! Her sister Commonwealths gather to her
side in this hour of her affliction, and, intertwining
their arms with hers, they bend together over the
bier of her illustrious son—feeling as she feels, and
weeping as she weeps, over a sage, a patriot, and a
statesman gone ! It was in these great character-
istics of individual and of public man that his coun-.
try reverenced that son when living, and such,
with a painful sense of her common loss, will she
deplore him now that he is dead.
Born in our revolutionary day, and •brought up
in early and cherished intimacy with the fathers
and founders of the Republic, he was a living bond
of connection between the present and the past—
the venerable representative of the memories of an-
other .age, and the zealous, watchful, and power-
ful one of the expectations, interests, and progres-
sive knowledge of his own.
There he sat, with his intense eye upon every-
thing that passed, the picturesque and rare old man,
unapproachable by all others in the unity of his
character and in the thousand-fold anxieties which
centered upon him. No human being ever enter-
ed this Hall without turning habitually and with
heartfelt deference first to him, and few ever left it
without pausing as they went to pour out their
blessings upon that spirit of consecration to the
country which brought and which kept him here.
Standing upon the extreme boundary of human
life, and disdaining all'the relaxations and exemp-
tions of age, his outer framework only was crumb-
ling away. The glorious engine within still work-
ed on unhurt, uninjured, amid all the dilapidations
around it, and worked on with its wonted and its
iron power until the blow was sent from above
which crushed it into fragments before us. And
however appalling that blow, and however pro-
foundly it smote upon our own feelings as we be-
held its extinguishing effect upon his, where else
could it have fallen so fitly upon him? Where else
could he have been relieved from the yoke of his
labors so well as in the field where he bore them ?
Where else would he himself have been so willing
to have yielded up his life as upon the post of duty
and by the side of that very altar to which he had
devoted it? Where but in the Capitol of his coun-
try, to which all the throbbings and hopes of his
heart had been given, would the dying patriot be
so willing that those hopes and throbbings should
cease? And where but from this mansion-house
of liberty on earth could this dying Christian more
fitly go to his mansion-house of eternal liberty on
high ?
But kindling to the imagination and soothing
even to .the feelings as is the death of Mr. Adams,
with all the accessories and associations of this
spot around him, how infinitely deeper is 'the in-
terest which is given to it by the conviction that
he was willing and ready to meet it? He was hap-
pily spared, by the preservation of his rich facul-
ties to the last, from becoming a melancholy spec-
tacle of dotard and drivelling old age. He was
still more happily spared, by the just and wise and
truthful use of those faculties, from becoming the
melancholy and revolting spectacle of irreverent
and wicked old a°e, None knew better or felt
more deeply than he that
" 'TV not tin: whole of life to live,
Nor all oftleatn to die ;;1
and hence for long years his life has been a con-
tinuous and beautiful illustration of thegreat truth,
that whilst the fear of man is the consummation of
all folly, the fear of God is the beginning of all
wisdom. To such an one, " composure" amid the
perils of death, and when " the last of earth has
come," is a supporting power frequently and di-
vinely given; and, if it has not been permitted to
him, as to a prophet of old, to be spared the bit-
terness of deatj), and to go to the heaven that he
looked for, and that he loved, in a chariot of fire,
