1848,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W7
yet to the eye of human faith his access to the
same abode has been as speedy and as safe. In-
stead of wearing away under the waste of disease,
and passing through all the woes and weaknesses
which dissolving nature generally undergoes-, a
blow of brief but mortal agony strikes him at once
into the tomb, and thus his spirit, instantly freed,
goes right up to the parent fountain from which it
came. The messenger calls, the soul is in heaven.
At this moment of fresh affliction, whilst stand-
ing in the very presence of death, it is not meet to
go into any special review of the labors or opin-
ions of the departed. Whatever may be thought
of those politically, posterity will never deny to
him the possession of great talents, actuated by
great virtues, and directed-with boldness, honesty,
and earnest purpose, for an unequalled length of
time, to whatever, in his judgment, was best for
the interests, honor, and perpetuity of his country.
This is the lesson taught by his life. That which
is taught by his death calls upon us all, with solemn
appealing cry, " Be ye also ready, for ye know not
the hour when the Son of Man comcth !"
Mr. NEW ALL rose and moved the following
as an additional resolution:
Resolr-cd, That the scat in this Hall just vacated by the
death of the late John Quincy Adams, hf. unoccupiod for
thirty days, and (h it it, together with the Hall, remain clothed
with the symbol of mourning during that tune.
Mr. TALLMADGE, of New York, rose and
said: Mr. Speaker, I do not rise to present an
eulogium upon the character of the deceased, but
I am confident that every manifestation of respect
for the memory of the illustrious dead wiii meet
with a cordial response from every member of this
House. In compliance with the suggestions of
several members, and in accordance with my own
feelings, [ ask leave to introduce the following ad-
ditional resolution:
r?ilesoi{>er/, That the Speaker appoint one momhfr of this
House from eat-h Statu and Teiutory nsa committee to rs«
cort the. remain^ of our venerable friend, the honombto
John Qcincv Adams, to the place designated by lus friends
for hix
All the above resolutions were unanimously
agreed to.
Mr. "VINTON then moved that the Speaker's
announcement of the death of the Hon. John
Qjjincy Adams be entered on the Journal. This
was also agreed to unanimously, and then the
Houso adjourned to Saturday.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 24, 1848.
Mr. BERRl EN presented a joint resolution from
the Legmlaturc of Georgia, utdcin^ for the cstab«
lishmentof certain post routes in that State; which
was referred fo the Committee on the Post Oifice
'■and Post Roads.
Also, a joint resolution of the Legislature of the
State of Greorgia, that with pride and exultation it
recurs to the battle-fields of the Rio Grande and of
Mexico, in the war now wasring, as evincive of the
patriotism and gallantry of our people; but more
especially to mark, by some deliberate expression,
the sense it entertains of the value of the military
institution of the United States at West Point, as
illustrated by the science, the skill, the courage,
and noble bearing of her cadets, and to whom is
justly to he ascribed a large share of the lustre and
glory achieved by our arms.
Also, a joint resolution in favor of the construc-
tion of a railroad across the continent of North
America, which would make the United States the
great highway between Europe and the populous
and wealthy empire of Asia, and facilitate our own
intercourse with those regions.
Mr. BERRIEN presented a petition from Mary
E. D, Blaney, asking payment for property of her
*The Spkakkr appointed Uie following gentlemen to
compose the said committee :
Mr. Tallmadge, of N. Y. Mr. TTammon*, of Me.
Mi. Wilson, of N. H. Mr. Coliamer, of Vi.
Mr. AMimun, of Ma*.*?. Mr. Tlmt^ton, of H. I.
Mr. J A. Rockwell, of Conn. Mr. Newell, ot N. J.
Mi • Mellvaine, ot Perm. Mr. J. W. Houston, of Del.
IVJ"r. JLisjon, of Md
Mr. Hamnser, of NT- C.
Mr Lumpkin, of Ga.
Mr. A. G. Brown, of Miss.
Mi. Scherx k. o/ Ohio.
Mr. Gentry, ot Terni.
Mr. Wentworth, of 111
Mr. Meade, of Va.
Mr. ilolme-v, of P. C.
Mi. Milliard, of Ala.
Mr. Mmve, of La.
Mi. French, of Ky.
Mr. B. Smith, of I d.
Mr. Plu'lp*, uf Mo.
Mr JR-. W. Johnson, of Ark. Mr. C. R. Stnarl, of Mich.
Mr, G'abell, of Florida. Mr. Kaufman, of Texas.
Mr. W. Tbaavpsoflj of Iowa. Mr. Tweedy, of W. X.
late husband, Major George Blaney, taken by the
United States; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. R. JOHNSON, ofMaryland, presented the
memorial of Isabella Cole, asking indemnity for
losses and injuiriesdone to a vessel belonging to her
late husband, by the Peruvian authorities; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the payment of Charles
Richmond; which was read a first time.
Mr. BKEESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill to authorize the relinquish-
ment of the the 16th section, in certain cases, and
the selection of other* lands in lieu thereof, without
amendment.
On motion of Mr. DOWNS, the Committee on
Private Land Claims was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition of Joseph Newell,
and it was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
On motion of Mr. DOWNS, the Committee on
Indian Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of the petitions of Isaac C. Elston
and James McKibben.
mr. allen's resolutions.
The resolutions submitted yesterday by Mr.
Allen coming up for consideration—
Mr. ALLEN said there was one of the resolu-
tions which he presumed would give rise to no dis-
cussion. He meant that relating to the armistice,
which was simply a call for information. He would
move to fake up that resolution.
The resolution was then read as follows:
Resolved, That tlw President he requested to inform the
Senate whether the active operation-* of the army of The
United States in Me\u o have been ami now <ue Mi.-pemled
bv an armistice; and, if so, hv \vho*;e agency, mid in virtue
of what authonty, such anmsticc has been effected.
Mr. SEVIER moved to lay the resolution on
the tabic.
Mr. ALLEN wished to know if this motion
was made with a view to make a final disposition
of the resolution in this way; if so, he would call
for the ayes and noes on the motion.
A sufficient number rising to second the demand,
the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEVIER said his object was to prevent any
discussion of the resolution at this time. It might
be called up on some other day.
The question was then taken, and decided as
follows—yeas 11, nays, 37.
YKAS—Messrs. Atherton, Hntlor Calhoun, Tiavn of
Massachusetts, (Jrcene, Hunter, Johnson of Maryland,
Johnson of(ieniein, Nile>, S«'vier} and Sni s;eon—11.
NAYS—Me-^rs. Allen, Ashley, Atchnon, Badger. FJnsjby,
Baldwin, Hell, Hgijieti, Bindhurv, Hreevj>. Bright, Cameron,
Cnsv.ciai ke.Cl.ivTon, < "oi u in, l>,i\ is oj Onv toil,
Dickinson, 1>iv, Douglas, Downs, Foote, llnnnewnn, Hous-
ton, Lewis, Mansion, Mason, Miller, Mooi, Pe;m e, Phelps,
Husk, ^pruancc, Turney, Cpham, and Yuleo—.r/.
Mr. SEVIER expressed himself at a loss to
understand this vote. How this resolution could
be discussed without going "into Executive matters
before the Senate he did not know. He would
vote against the resolution, and he asked for the
ayes and noes on its adoption.
A sufficient number rising, the ayes and noes
were ordriod.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, moved to amend
the resolution, by introducing the words, " if, in
his opinion, not detrimental to the public service."
Mr. ALLEN accepted the amendment, and the
resolution was modified accordingly.
Mr. BliEESE moved to transfer the resolution
to the Executive Journal; but, after a few words
from Mr. Allrk, and an objection (overruled by
the Vice President) that it was too late to make
the motion after the yeas and nays had been order- j
ed on the adoption of the resolution, withdrew his !
motion. !
The question was then taken, and decided as !
follows—yeas 41, nays 9. i
YEAS—Messi>. .Mien, Ashlev, Atchison, Atherton. Bad- I
ffer, Baphy, Baldwin, Bell, Benton, Berrien, Brndhurv, j
Brecse, Bright, Cameron, Cass, Clarke, Clauon. Coiwin, |
Davn of M;i<s!ichusetl!', Davis of Mi^issippi,' Dayton, J
Dickinson. I>ix, Douglas, Downs, Foote, Greene. I'an- i
i nec.m, Houston, Johnson of Georgia, Mangum, Mason, >
Miller, Moor, Prarcc, Phelps, Rusk, Spiuance, Turney, |
Underwood, and Upliarn—-41. i
NAYS—Messrs. Butler. Calhoun, flimter, Johnson of
Maryland, Lewis, Niles, Sevier, Sturgeon, and Yulee—9.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. ALLEN then m^ved his second resolution,
to which he anticipated no ol^jeetiQji,: as? it was?
merely a Resolution of inquiry*
The resolution was read, as follows,:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary beinstf acte
ed to inquire and to report to the Senate. by hill or otherwise^,
whether, in addition to the following act, to wit. "An act
i for the punishment of certain crimed therein specified. Be*
1 it enacted, #c. That if any person, being' a citizen of the
i United States, whether he be actually resident >or a&idwgi
< within the United States or in any foreign country, shallv
'without the permission or authority of the Government or
4 the United States, directly or indirectly, commence or'cany
e on any verbal or written coriespondence or intercourse"
( with any foreign government, or any officer or agent there-
cof, with an intent to influence fye measures or conduct of-
1 any foieign government, or of any officer or agent thereof
1 in relation to any disputes or conti ovorsics with the United'
' States, or defeat the measures of the Government of the-
' United Suites; or if any person, being-a citizen of or resi-
dent within the United States, arid not duly authorized^
'shall counsel, advise, aid, or assist m any such corre^pond"-
{ ence, with intent as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed
c guilty of a high misdemeanor, and, on conviction before)
4 any court of the United States having jurisdiction thereof*
'shall be punished by a fine not exceeding five thousand dol-
1 lars, and by imprisonment daring a term of not Jess than
'six months, nor exceeding thiee years: Provided always,
'That nothing in this net contained shall be construed to
i abridge the right of individual citizens of the United States
' to apply, by themselves or their lawful agents, to any tor-
' cign government, or the agents thereof, for the rediessof'
'anv injuries in relation to person or property which such-
4 individuals may have sustained from such government,
* or any of Us agents, citizens, oi subjects,''' approved Janu-
ary 3. , 1799—aiiy further legislation be neee>t-aiy in order
more effectually to protect the rights and interest* of the
people of the United Slates against the consequences which
may lesult from the a^umption of any individual or indi-
vidual^ without authority to act, m the name oi behalf of
the Government of the United States, or any department or
officer theieof, with any foreign government, or department
or officer thereof, oi any individual oi individuals assuming
to be such foreign government, or department or officer
thereof, and especially m matters of peace and war.
No objection being offered, the resolution was
agieed to.
The other resolutions were then suffered to lie
over.
mr. Baldwin's resolutions.
The following resolutions, submitted by Mr.
Baldwin, were then taken up in their order:
Resoled, That if any territory shall hereafter be acquired
by the United States, or annexed thereto, the act by which
said territory is acquired or annexed, whateversuch act may
be, should contain an unalterable fundamental article or
provi'ion whereby slavery or involuntary servitude, exccpt
as punishment for crime,shall be forever excluded from tUn
territory acquired or annexed.
Rnolvrd, That in any cession of territory that may be
acquired as the result of the war with Mexico, the desire of
that republic, expressed by her commissioners iiuheir nego-
tiations with Mr. Tnst, lo provide for the protection of the
inhabitants of the ceded teiritoiy aeain^tthe introduction of
tlie system of human slavety therein, by astipulation to that
effect in anv tienty that rnsiy be made, enimM, consistently
with the nyhts of'those inhabitants, or \ulh tile pnnciples
of justice and liberty which have been proclaimed to the
world as tile ba-ts of out institutions, be difieg.uded or
denied.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofMaryland, hoped these res-
olutions would be informally passed over l'or the
present.
Mr. FOOTE moved to lay them on the table.
"Mr. BALDWIN. If it is intended, by this mo-
tion, finally to dispose of the resolution 
Mr. FOOTE. The motion to lay on the table
is not debatable. I ask for the ayes and noes on
my motion.
The ayes and noes were ordered.
At the suggestion of some Senators near him,
Mr. FOOTE withdrew the motion.
Mr. RUSK renewed it.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofMaryland, asked if the ob-
ject was finally to dispose of the resolutions?
Mr. RUSK replied, that such was his object;
although, if the lesolutions could not hereafter be
taken up without specific motion, he would be
willing to withdtaw his motion.
Mr. BAGBY regretted that these resolutions
should have been taken up at this time. He had
a conversation with the Senator from Connecticut
on the subject of these resolutions, and those which
he himself bad submitted, arid they had come to
an understanding to ask the Senate, after the im-
portant bill now pending should be disposed of,
to agree that a day should be fixed for the consid-
eration of the propositions contained in both sets
of resolutions. If called on to vote now, therefore,
he must either vote against his own feelings, or m
violation of this understanding. He would not
vote in contradiction to his pledge. He therefore
hoped the resolutions would be passed over mfor-
m<Mr" BALDWIN said he was about to slate,
when interrupted by the Senator from Mississippi,
