THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSE.
Feb. 28,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 28, 1848.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
MRS. ADAMS.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL rose and asked the
unanimous consent of the House to complete the
honors which they had bestowed upon its late
most illustrious member, by giving to his widow
the same mark of national respect which had been
conferred by law upon- Mrs. Madison and Mrs.
Harrison, to wit, that of sending and receiving
through the mail all letters and papers free of
postage.
He sent up to the Clerk's table the bill which he
•had prepared, and he trusted there would be no
objection to its immediate passage.
\The bill was read, as follows:
Beit enacted, That all letters am} packets catried to
an<l from Louisa Catharine Adams, widow of the late John
Qumcy Adams, be conveyed free of postage during her nat-
ural life.
Mr. SAWYER suggested to Mr. Ingersoll,
that upon Mrs. Madison had been conferred the
privilege of this flail, and that the same mark of
respect should be extended to Mrs. Adams.
Mr. C. 3. INGERSOLL. That cannot be done
by act of Congress. In the case referred to, the
privilege was granted by a simple resolution of the
House. This is a law of Congress.
The bill, by unanimous consent, received its
second reading.
And then, having been ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time now—
The bill was read a third time and passed.
MR. ADAMS.
Mr. ASHMXJN, on leave, offered the following
resolution:
Resolved, That ihe Committee of Arrangement's ho direct-
ed to cause to be published, in pamphlet form, and in such
manner as m.iy seem to them appropriate for the use of the
House, twenty thousand copies of the addresses made by the
Speaker and the members, of this House, and of the addresses
made to the Senate, together with the discourse of the Rev.
Mr. Gorley, upon the occasion of the death of the Hon. John
o.uincy Adams.
Mr. SLINGERLAND moved to amend the res-
olution by striking out "twenty thousand" and
inserting " forty thousand." Disagreed to.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, ('under a suspension
of the rules for the" purpose,) presented certain
resolutions of the Legislature of the State of Ten-
nessee, viz:
A resolution relating to the service of Captains
Gillespie, Peake,, Vernon, and Rogers, with their
companies as mounted volunteers in the service of
the XJnited States in the year 1836;
A resolution in relation to horses lost by volun-
teers in the United States service in the Mexican
■war;
A resolution for an increase in the pay of the
privates in our army in Mexico;
Which resolutions were severally read and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. LEVIN, from the Committee on Engrav-
ing, made a report recommending that one copy of
the map and drawings accompanying the report of
lieutenant Emory be engraved and attached to
each printed copy of said report;
Also, from the same committee, made a report
recommending that the map accompanying the me-
morial of the Alabama, Florida, and Georgia Rail-
road Company, (on which memorial Mr. King,
of Georgia, from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
made a report,) be engraved and attached to each
printed copy of said report;
Which said reports were severally adopted.
Mr. GAYLE, on leave, presented a memorial
of the Legislature of Alabama in favor of cash or
scrip in lieu of worthless lands heretofore granted
by Congress for the use of schools. Referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. CRiSFIELD, on leave, presented resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Maryland in favor of an
appropriation for a light-boat on the Seven Foot
Knoll, in the Chesapeake bay, for a light-house on
Greenbury Point, and a light-house on Flat Cap,
at the mouth of Annamessex river. Referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. PILLSBURY, on leave, presented resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Texas, protesting against
the relinquishment of the Mexican provinces or
States without indemnity; and also against anylaw
which shall be intended to prevent the citizens of
slaveholding States from taking their property with
them ift emigrating to said acquired territory. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CUMMINS rose to a question of order.
He submitted that, under the 36th rule, this day
was set apart for the calling ©f the States for res-
olutions.
Mr. MURPHY moved to suspend the rules, in
order that the States might be called for petitions.
Mr. STEPHENS inquired if resolutions of State
Legislatures could not be received in order under
the call for resolutions?
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
Thequesti-on being taken, the House refused to
suspend the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, inquired if the joint
resolution giving the thanks of Congress to certain
| officers of the army, which was under considera-
tion, and on which the main question had been or-
dered when the proceedings of the House had been
interrupted by the melancholy event which had oc-
curred here during the last week, was not now in
order as the first question ?
The SPEAKER replied that this resolution was
not now in order, but had taken its place on the
Speaker's table, and would come up in order with
resolutions on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the States
for resolutions, commencing at the State where the
call ceased on the hist resolution day, viz: New
York.
On motion ofMr. HOLMES, of New York,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary he induct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of providing by law against
the importation of foreign criminal* and paupers into the
United States; or else, in some way, to relieve the seveial
seapoitnnd lake towns from the onerous burdens arising
from a fearful and unprecedented mcrcasc of foieign pau-
pers.
On motion of Mr. REYNOLDS,
RtiokeJ, That the Committee on Public LwyH he direct-
ed to inquire into the justice and expediency of grantim? a
bounty m land to such soldiers of the old fomth regiment of
United States infantry as served during any part of the last
war with Great Eutain.
On motion of Mr. SHERRTLL,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Road*; hi instructed to inquire info the expediency of estab-
lishing a post-route from Gilhoa, in Schohaiif county, New
York, by wav of Jefferson and North Harpersfield, to Daven-
port, in Delaware county, New York.
Mr. HALL, of New York, moved the follow-
ing preamble and resolution:
Whereas thcie has been presented to this House and re-
feiretl to tin* Committee on the Judiciaiy, a petition of
Alexander Ilunter, E'-q , marshal of the District of Colum-
bia, praying for the settlement and payment of an account
acramn the United States for the commitment, feeding, and
rclcascment of peiion" claimed a*, slaves or fugitives from
service and committed as such to the custody of the paid
marshal in the jail of the United States in the District of Co-
lumbia ; which account extends through several years, and
consists of about two hundred items, amounting in the
aggregate to $5,36160; and whereas it ap#ars by the said
account that one Moses Thornton was kept in said jail
for the space of twelve hundred and forty days, for which
such marshal has charged the United States $-421 60
That four persons designated as "Meade's negroes"
were kept inlaid jail five hundred and eighty-five
days each, for which said marshal has charged the
United States  795 60
And had been before kept m said jail over tiftydaj's
each, for which said marshal has charged the
United States  70 28
That ei.ffht persons, designated as '-Buckner's ne-
groes, " were kept in said jail four hundred and
sixty-two davs each, for which said maishal has
charged the United States  1,336 64
That William Burrows and Joseph Armstrong were
kept in said jail fourhundred and forfy-thtee days
each, for which said marshal has charged the
United States  301 24
That Saiah A. Robinson was kept m said jail four
hundied and twenty-one days, for which said
marshal has chaiged the United States  143 14
That Peyton Harris was kept in said jail three hun-
dred and twenty-one days, An which said mar-
shal has charged the United States  109 14
And that five several persons, the cause of whose
commitment is stated in said account to be a peti-
I tion for freedom, were kept in said jail for one
hundred and eleven, one hundred and seventy-
two, two hundred and thirtv-two. thiee hundred
and seventy-one,and three hundied and seventy-
one days, respectively, for which said marshal has
charged the United States    437 38
j And whereas it is claimed and alleged by or on behalf of the
I said marshal that the commitment and detention of said per-
; sons claimed to be slaves was authorized and required by
; the laws of the United States, and was under and by virtue
! of warrants, orders, or process of courts or magistrates of the
| United States within the District of Columbia, and that the
| United States are therefore bound to pav the said account;
! and whereas it is supposed that the said" commitments and
\ detentions were authorized by the act of Congress entiiled
| "An act for establishing the temporary and permanent seat
j of the Government of the United States," passed July 16,
1790, by which it was provided that the laws of the States
within-the District accepted for the perntanent seat of^ the
Government of the United States should not be affected by
such acceptance uiwil the tune fixed for the removal of the
Government thereto,£< and until Congress shall otherwise
by law provide," and the art of Congress entitled " An act
concerning the District of Columbia," passed February 27?
1801, by which it is unacted " that the laws of the State of
< Virginia, as they now exist, shall be and continue in force
' in that part of the District of Columbia which was ceded by
4 said State to the United States, and by them accepted aa
4the permanent seat of Government; and that the laws of
4 the State of Maryland, as they now exi.-t, shall be and con-
tinue m force in that part of the said District which was
< ceded by that State to the United States and by them ac-
cepted as aforesaidand that the justices of the peace
appointed in such District by the President of tha United
States «< shall, in all matters civil and criminal, and in what-
1 ever relates to the conservation of the peace, have all the
1 powers vested in, and shall perform all the duties required
'of, ju-tices of the peace, as individual magistrates by the
'laws betoic continued in force m those parts of said Dis-
4 tnct foi which they shall have been respectively appointed;'*'
and whereas such commitments and detention* can only be
authoiized under the said acts of Congress or some other act
or acte of Congie>s authorising the same ; and whereas the
use of the nuhhc jail of the United States within the District
of Columbia, (while owned and controlled by the United
States, and maintained at their expense,) tor the detention
and safekeeping of persons claimed as slaves or fugitives
from service is not requited for the full and perfect mainte-
nance of the compromises of the Constitution ; and whereas
the further use for the purposes aforesaid of the public jail
of the. territory in which Congress has by the Constitution
the express power of exclusive legislation,is no interference
with the domestic institutions of the States, more esp* cialiy
if the, right of lecaptuie, by the master or hi® agent, is left
to act with firll foice upon the runaway slave or fugitive
from service; and such use is repugnnnt to the feelings of a
large majority of the people of the United States: There-
fore,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be, ana
they are hereby, directed torepoit to this House, with ail
convenient speed, a bill repealing all laws of Congress, and
abrogating. «o far as they are operative or in force in the
District of Columbia, all laws of the Stateof Maiyland which
authorize or require the courts, officers, or magistrates of
the United States, or of the said District, within the District
of Columbia, to issue process for arrest, or commit to tl*e
jail of the said District any runaway or other slave or fugi-
tive from service,or coloied person claimed as such, except
on due complaint and proof of, or on a conviction for, some
cripie oi misdemeanor, the commission of which by any
free white peison would authorize in the sairie manner the
nirest, commitment, and detention of such white fer&on in
like manner charged with or convicted thereof.
Mr. HALL moved the previous question.
After inquiries by Mr. McKAY and Mr. CUM-
MINS, the question on seconding the previous
question was put, and the House refused to second
the previous question. The resolution accordingly
lies over.
Mr. WHITE moved the following resolution,
which was read:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War commanieafie to this
House a list containing all the contracts entered into since
the l«t of December, 1846, stating, first, the name of the
contractor and sureties; second, the nature and amount of
each contract, whether advertised or not by publishing i 
one or more newspapers, the raie at which contracts were
made, the prices paid for services performed or articles fur-
nished; thirdly, what contracts have been fulfilled or per-
fonned, and what have not been, furnishing the reasons
why, attd whether any, and if any, what measures have been
taken to enforce the performance, or secure the Government
against loss by proceeding against the sureties; fouithly?
whether higher prices have been paid to other person* who
have performed, in whole or in part, any contracts or orders
which have been undeitaken by others, with the reas-ons tor
paying or allowing such extra or higher prices, giving the
name and residence of such contractors and their sureties,
and whether public notice was given of the failure of the
parties to execute their contracts; also, showing whether
the same parties who failed to perform their engagements
were mtei e^ ted in subsequent contracts at the same or higher
rates.
Mr. W. moved to suspend the rules for the pur-
pose of considering the resolution. Disagreed to.
Mr. NELSON moved the following resolution,
which was read and laid over under the rule:
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Patents be, and he is
hereby, requested to furnish this Hous«e with a list or state-
ment of all patent? which have heretofore been granted by
tiie United States for ploughs, or for improvement- m the
construction of plough-, setting forth the date of each patent,
| to whom granted, with the specification of the invention or
t nnpioveinent claimed by the patentees severally and respcct-
! ively; whether any and which of said patents have been
i renewed or extended, and for what periods of time, with
such other facts as maybe in his power to give as shall bet-
ter enable this House to judge of the merits of the invention
claimed by Jethro Wood, of the cast-iron plough.
On motion of Mr. GOTT,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Expenditures £e
inducted to ascertain and reportto this House the expenses
of the war with Mexico, giving the items of such expenses
as far as practicable.
Mr. LORD moved the following resolution,
which was read and laid over under the rule:
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Patents he requested
by this House to cause all the models now in his department
of metallic air-tight coffins, designed for the convenient and
|j safe transportation of bodies, to be eximiinedand reported
upon without delay.
