1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. DUER moved the following resolution:
Resolved, That no member who is peimitted to make a
personal explanation shall be allowed to speak more than
ten minutes in malting such explanation.
The resolution was required, under the rules, to
lie over one day.
Mr. D. moved to suspend the rules for the pur-
pose of considering the resolution. Agreed to. ^
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, then moved to refer the
resolution to the Committee on the Rules. Agreed
to.
PROHIBITION OF SLAVERY.
Mr. PTJTNAM moved the following preamble
and resolution: *
Whereas, in the settlement of the difficulties pending be-
tween this country and Mexico, territory may be acquired
in which slavery does net now exist; and whereas Congress,
in the organization of a Territorial Government at an early
"period of our political history, established a principle worthy
of imitation in all future time, forbidding tire existence of
slaverv in free territory: Therefore,
Resolved, That in any territory which may be acquired
' from Mexico, over which shall be established Territoi lal
Governments, slavery or involuntary servitude, except as a
punishment for crime, whereof the party shall have been
duly convicted, should be forever prohibited; and that, in
any act or resolution establishing such Governments, a fund-
amental provision ought to be inserted to that effect.
Mr. P. moved the previous question.
Mr. BRODHEAD moved to lay the resolution
on the table.
The motion to lay on the table was decided by
yeas and nays.
After the roll was called through, Mr. C. J.
INGERSOLL rose and asked leave to vote. He
said he wal not, He believed, exactly within the
bar when his name was called, being engaged at
the reporter's desk. He had, however, entered
before the name immediately following his own
was called. If allowed to vote, lie would vote aye.
His vote was not received.
Mr. MURPHY rose and said he was not with-
in the bar when his name was called, but he asked
leave to vote. It being objected to,
Mr. C. J. INGrERSOLL moved to suspend the
rules to allow Mr. Murphy and himself to vote.
Disagreed to.
The result was then announced, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Atkinson, Barrin^er, Bar-
tow, liayly, Bedinger, Birdsall, Black, Bocoek, Bowdon,
, BowHii/Bayd, Boydon. BrodheaS, Charles Brown, Albert
G. Brown, Burt, Cabell, Uathcait, Chase, Clapp, Franklin
Clark, Beverly L. Clark, Clingnian, Howell Cobb, William-
son R. W. Cobb, Cocke, Crisfleld, Crozier, Daniel, Dick-
inson, Dormell, Garnett Duncan, Featherstou, Ficklin,
French, Fulton, Gaines, Gnyle, Gentry, Cioggin, Green, W.
T. Hall, Haralson, Harris, Haskell, llcnley, Hill, Hilhard,
IsaacE. llolincs,George S.Houston, Inge, Iverson, Jackson,
Jameson, Andrew Johnson, ttobcrt W. Johnson, Georye W.
Jones, John W. Jones, Kaufman, Kennon, Thomas Butler
Kins, I.a M6re, Levin, Ligon, laird, Lumpkin, Mnclny,
McCleruand, McKay, Mcl.ane, Maun, Miller, Morehend,
Moive, Outlaw, Pendleton, IVttit, IVvton, Phelps, 1'illslmry,
Preston, Richardson, Ilichey, Rolunson, Roman, Sawyer,
Sbepperd, Simpson, Hims, Kobcit .Smith, Stanton, Stephens,
Thibodeativ, Thomas, Tomplani, John it. Thompson, It.
A. Thompson,Toombs, Tiirnei, Venable, Wtck, Williams,
Wilev, and Woodward—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Aslunuti, Bingham, Brady, Butler,
Canby.Collamer, Collins, Consrer, Cranston, Crovvell, Cum-
mins, Dickey, Dixon, J)uer, Daniel Duncan, Dunn, Eckert,
Edwards, Embree, Nathan Kvans, Faran, Farrelly, Fisher,
Freedley, Fries, Giddoigs,Gott, Gregory, Grinncll,Hale, N.
K. Hall, Hnmrnons Jarmis G. Haaipton, Moses Hampton,
Henry, KliasB. Holmes, J. W. Houston, Hubbard, Hudson,
Hunt, Iiviu, Jenkins, James H. Johnson, Kellogg, Daniel
P. King, r,:11111,, William T. Lawrence, Sidney Lawrence,
Loftier, Lincoln, McClelland, McMvaine, Marsli, Marvin,
Morris, Mullm, Nelson, Ncs, No wall, I'alfrcy, Peaslee, Peck,
Pollock Putnam, Ueyiiolds,Juhuftlvoekwell, John A. Rock-
well, Root, Riimsey, St, John, Sellenck, Shertill, Silvester,
Shngerlaud, Caleb !!. Smith,Truinan Smith, Starkweather,
Andiew Stewart, C. E. Stuart, Strohm, Tallmadge, Taylor,
Riclmrd W. Thompson, William Thompson, Thurston,
Van Dyke, Vinton, Warren, Wentworth, White, VVilmot,
and WiKon—92.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Bills, of which previous notice had been given,
were introduced, as follows:
By Mr. HUNT : A bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of Abraham Hogeboom, deceased.
By Mr. JENKINS: A bill to regulate the'com-
pensation of postmasters, to exempt certain news-
papers from postage, and to reduce the postage on
transient newspapers.
By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: A bill grant-
ing a quantity of land to the State of Mississippi
for the purpose of improving the navigation of cer-
tain rivers in that State.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Notices of motions for leave to introduce bills
were given as follows:
By Mr. HOLMES, of New York: Of a bill to
authorize the Brockport and Clarkson Plank Road
Company to import from Canada a certain quanti-
ty of lumber free of duty.
By Mr. JENKINS: Of a bill to satisfy claims
for bounty lands for military services in both wars
with Great Britain.
DEFICIENT APPROPRIATIONS.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House resolved
itself into Committee of Whble on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Hdnt, df New York, in the chair,)
on the bill further to supply deficiencies in the ap-
propriations for the service of the fiscal year ending
the 30th June, 1848.
Mr. VINTON said, in printing the bill one item
had been left out. He moved to insert it, to come
in before the item " for one floating light," &c.
This clause, he said, had been in the bill as re-
ported from the committee, but had, through inad-
vertence, been omitted in the printed copy. The
amendment was agreed to.
The item appropriating $706 15 for superintend-
ent's commission of 21 per cent, on 128,246, having
been read—
Mr. MULLIN desired information on the ne-
cessity for this appropriation.
Mr. VINTON stated that the committee had
received a letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury on the subject, which he would send to the
Clerk's table to be read for the information of the
House. [The letter was read accordingly.]
Mr. V. briefly explained, stating that the com-
mission here to be appropriated was at the rate
which the Government had usually allowed.
The item was then agreed to.
The item appropriating§5,000 for the contingent
expenses of the Treasury Department having been
read—
Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend the bill by
striking it out. Mr. S. observed that these " con-
tingent expenses of the Treasury Department" had
been incurred, mainly, by the transmission of spe-
cie funds belonging to the United States from one
part of the country to another. Now, there was
on the Speaker's table a call upon the Secretary
of the Treasury to report to Congress the amount
of expenditure which had been incurred by the
adoption of the " independent treasury," which
remained to be acted upon. The reply would show
that the amount inserted in this deficiency bill as
" contingent expenses of the Treasury Depart-
ment" consisted chiefly of cost of transportation,
the necessity for which had arisen exclusively from
the adoption of the sub-treasury policy of the De-
mocratic party.
Mr. S. said he had voted against going into Com-
mittee, of the Whole on this bill, because the House
was not in possession of the requisite information,
though it had been repeatedly demanded, to enable
it to judge of the necessity for these deficiencies
which it was called upon to supply. At the last
session no information could be obtained, because
as soon as a resolution was introduced by Mr. S. 's
side of the House making a call on the President,
or either of the heads of departments, for facts the
House ought to know, it was instantly voted down.
Those who then constituted the majority in the
House were willing to '^goit blind," and they
stifled all inquiry inlp public abuses. Bat,although
those who had then been a powerless minority on
that floor were now in the majority, or claimed to
be so, things (lid not seem to go much better now
as to the obtaining of necessary and proper infor-
mation than they had done before. The House
was continually hurried into Committee of the
Whole and called upon to vote supplies and to ap-
propriate to meet deficiencies in the treasury, while,
resolution after resolution still lay on the Speaker's
table, and it seemed impossible to get them acted
on. His recollection was naturally called, in the
first place, to a resolution he had himself offered,
making inquiry as to the necessity of the forma-
tion of a civil government in Santa Fe and New
Mexico; the appointment there of an attorney gen-
eral, of judges, and other officers of a civil charac-
ter; by what authority such a government was set
up, and these officers commissioned; under what
law their salaries were paid, and how the money
was provided. But no reply had been obtained to
the inquiry. Had the Government responded, the
answer would most probably have shown that
much of the deficit for which the House was now
called on to provide had arisen from such unau-
thorized and illegal squandering of the money of
the nation: how much was justly attributable to
such a source none in that House, at least none on
his side of it, could tell. . ...
Then a gentleman from New Y-ork, on his left,
had introduced a resolution calling on the Secre-
tary of the Treasury for a return of the amount-or
revenue received in each collection district,and how
many persons were employed and kept on Gov-
ernment pay to collect and receive it. What did
that mean? The House were trying to get at the
real state of fact%upon the northern frontier, where
it was generally believed there were collection dis-
tricts in which the whole amount of revenue col-
lected did not half pay the salaries of the Govern-
ment employes, who were nominally engaged in
collecting duties, but where, around every little
office along the line, there was gathered a group of
hungry office-holders, ready and waiting like rav-
enous cormorants to devour the little sums that
came in as a godsend to fill their bellies and put
some of Uncle Sam's money in their pockets. To
what extent this was true the House were not
possessed of the means of knowing; but certainly
it would be well that the House should know before
they voted a bill liko this, to make up deficiencies
thus created.
Another resolution had been offered by a gen-
tleman from Virginia over the way, calling upon
the President to tell the House for what specific
objects the three millions of dollars had been de-
manded and placed at his discretion at the last
session: whether the money had yet been disposed
of, and the instructions given by his order touch-
ins; its application. But no answer was vouch-
saied from the White House. What had become
of those memorable three millions? Possibly the
Committee on Ways and Means might know; it
was possible they were able to tell the nation
whether this money had been spent or not; but as
to most of the other members of the Hbuse, Mr.
S. believed they remained profoundly in the dark.
And yet they were called on to legislate and to
appropriate more money, while all information as
to how money already granted had been employed
was refused. e
Another resolution had been offered calling tor
information as to the appointment of secret inspec-
tors in New Hampshire during the last three years,
and what compensation these unknown dignitaries
received, and by what law. Could the truth be
brought out, it wduld probably appear that the
public money had been squandered to pay Gov-
ernment favorites whose employment was wholly
unnecessary. .
He found, in the next place, a resolution proposed
by his colleague, calling for information more di-
rectly connected with the item of this bill now
under discussion, viz: as to the amounts of money
transferred under the sub-treasury system; what
rule had been observed in allowing compensation
for such transfers; and what had thus far been the
total expense. No answer had been given to this
inquiry, more than to all the rest; yet the House
were called on to vote money to pay for this very
expenditure. This laying out of money for the
transportation of specie from one end of the coun-
try to the other was a part of the working of the
blessed sub-treasury system. Was it too much to
ask that before the House voted the appropriations
in this bill they should first demand to know some-
thing about how this large deficit arose ?
Then there was another call for information
which had met with no better fate; it had been
offeied by a gentleman from Florida, asking to
know what officers of our army were absent from
the field on leave. What did a call like this mean ?
This, too, had a direct connection with the public
expenditures, and therefore was germane to the
ohject of this bill. Congress were called on by the
Executive department for more men and money
to carry on the war in Mexico, and the President
wanted more commissioned officers whom it « W
be for him to appoint. Now, was it not tit mat
the House should know whether there were not
general and other officers unemployed.
Some time ago when generals, oneor ^.re-
turned from the field ot glory m Mexico they
were gazed at as a sort of prodigies, and ;feted, and
feasted, and lauded, and toasted, till it seemed as
if we ciuld not do enough to show our ^miration
and gratitude for their achievements; but now offi-
cers of all grades, from generals to coiporals, had
become so common on our avenues and about our
