392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
hotels, that, like other commodities in market
•which obeyed the universal law of demand and
supply, they had fallen wonderfully in value as
things to be stared at; if not far below their par
value, at least far below that very high estimation
which had been set upon them at the beginning
of the session. All these officers might possibly
be regularly and properly here on leave of ab-
sence, duly granted and richly earned. He meant
to insinuate nothing to the contrary. Yet it was
surely no more than proper that members of Con-
gress should know whether sufeh was the case,
and, while more officers were loudly called for,
that we should be informed whether those we had
already were all found just where they ought to
be.
But these were not all the resolutions of inquiry
that remained still without reply. There had been
another passed asking under what law the Secre-
tary of the Treasury had levied a tariff of duties on
foods imported into all the ports of Mexico, and
y what authority the President undertook to
apply the moneys thus collected to the support of
our army in a foreign country? This surely was
an innocent inquiry, but it had been left unan-
swered. Here was an Executive who, without any
action of Congress, undertook, of his own mere
pleasure, as an incident to the war power, to levy
a whole tariff of duties on goods imported into all
the ports of Mexico, and then to spend the money
thus gathered in the pay of the army.
Had that House, though holding in an especial
wanner the keys of the treasury, and with whom
alone all money bills must originate, any distinct
understanding how this money was raised, or how
it was spent? Not at all: they were told there was
a deficit of means in the treasury, and they were
called on to make good the sums required; but
none of their inquiries were answered, and all the
light they asked for was sedulously excluded.
Every one remembered the very able speech
made by his colleague, the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Vinton,] in
which he showed that when the Administration,
at the last session of Congress asked for a loan of
§23,000,000, they ought, from the facts then before
them, to hare asked foroneof $40,000,000; and that
even now, when they had asked for $16,000,000
more, and the House had authorized it, making
an amount of about §40,000,000. still more and
more would be wanted to get through with the
present fiscal year. Now, was it too much to
inquire how far the necessity for these demands
might be obviated by the system of finance which [
the Executive, on his own responsibility, had 1
established, and was carrying on over the con-
quered country?
He might go over their.calendar, and comment
upon various'propositions that had been made to
the House asking information from the Executive,
or from the Executive departments, upon the very
subjects upon which from day to day they were
called to legislate. He desired never to see this
House go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, until, by following up the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table, u had disposed of these
various calls, and obtained from the Executive and
his various departments all the light upon subjects
on which Congress was called to act, which the '
Executive could afford if he would, and would
have to afford, if distinctly demanded by Congress,
unless he should again assert his prerogative and
declare that tbey were required to legislate blindly;
and that it was enough for them to know what he
asks, without knowing what might be the occasion
which led to his asking it.
For this reason he had submitted the motion to
strike out this particular provision. Upon the in-
formation called for by the gentleman from New
York, (Mr. ,) they had had a letter from
the Secretary of the Treasury explaining some of
these deficiencies, and among others this very item
which he had moved to strike out, appropriating
for the transfer of money from place to place under
the sub-treasury act. Tiiis communication was
made to the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Meat's alone; and unless they drew it from
him this House would have no light upon the
various important subjects on which they were
called to act. The Committee of Ways and Means
and its chairman were ready, he dared say, at all
times to give such information as they had. But
was that the proper mode of legislation ? Would
it not be better that upon these various topics the
House should demand and receive, direct from
the Executive and his departments, full and satis-1
factory information before they commenced voting
away the people's money either for deficiencies or
any other demands.
Take another item. Here was a proposition to
give a commission of two and a half per cent,
upon some twenty-eight thousand dollars, making
a commission of over seven hundred dollars for
the payment of this amount of appropriations :
"for superintendent's commission on $28;246, at.
per cent., ^706 15." Who was this " superin-
tendent?" Was he some official, some clerk sent
down from some one of these departments here,
to perforin this onerous duty ? By what propriety
of law or custom was that payment to be made'
| He did not understand that even the Committee
I of Ways and Means had the information why
; they were called upon to voW this appropriation,
j But, however it might be with reference to this,
I there were many other items, and items ofimport-
' ance, on which the House was altogether destitute
' of that information which they had the right to
, have from the Executive, in order to enable them
! to act understandingly and with due regard to the
1 interests of their constituents and the wants of the
I public service.
j He now came back to the motion he had made—
! to strike out this item appropriating five thousand
dollars for the transfer of moneys from place to
place—for carting about gold and silver under the
sub-treasury system. If he had no other reason
for making the motion, it was reason enough that
there remained on the Speaker's table a resolution
asking the Executive to state to this House what
had been the expenses incident to the operation of
this system, from what places money had been
removed, and what rule had been adopted in re-
gard to paying agents for this service. He wanted
light on the subject before he was called upon to
act.
Mr. MULLIN moved an amendment to the
amendment, to strike out also the section appro-
priating for superintendent's commission of 2J per
cent, on $28,246, $706 15.
He briefly explained the grounds on which he
made the motion. He was understood to say that
this compensation was proposed simply for paying
out this money, and that the officers who were to
discharge the duty were now receiving regular sal-
aries. He objected to providing for extra pay to
them, and moved to strike out the clause.
Mr. McKAY, in reference to Mr. Muliin's mo-
tion, and to his remarks and the remarks of Mr.
Schenck on the subject, said, if the gentleman
would take the trouble to look into former-appro-
priation bills, they would find that this was not a
new item. _ It was an old item, an item sanctioned
for a long time.' What was meant by " superin-
tendents" was the collectors of your customs, who
were scattered all along your seaboards and lake
shores, and who, as superintendents oflight-houses,
were to disburse the appropriations made for them^
and to have a general supervision over them.
Two years ago a proviso had been made to an
appropriation bill, and was now the law of the
land, that no collector whose compensation was
two thousand dollars should receive any of these
commissions. And there was another law that no
public officer who was required to perform extra
duty—duty not connected with the office he held 
should receive for such extra service more 'than
four hundred dollars per annum. The payment
of these commissions was a matter of economy;
for if they did not require these collectors to per-
form this duty, which was in nowise connected
with their office, and for which they were allowed
the small compensation of two and a half per cent.,
the consequence would be, that we should have to
support officers at an expense of three, four, or
five times this amount for this purpose. The col-
lectors at New York, Boston, Portland, Philadel-
phia, New Orleans, and in all our other collection
districts, were to discharge this duty of superin-
tendence; and where, as in the case of several of
those he had mentioned, they received salaries of
two thousand dollars or over, they received no
extra compensation forth is extra service; but there
were many small ports where our collectors did
not receive more than four, five, or six hundred
dollars a year, and where they were required to
perform this extraordinary duty, not at all pertain-
ing to their proper business, they were allowed
this small compensation of two and a half per cent.,
instead of employing other officers especially for
this purpose. Gentlemen might strike out the
appropriation, if they plpased: and then it would
devolve upon them to provide some other way in
which these duties might be discharged. For him-
self, he thought it was economy to retain the pres-
ent system. He admitted he did not like this
practice of officers receiving extra compensation.
He had had some little agency in having put a stop
to^it to some extent. We had now a law on our
statue book saving thousands of dollars by cutting
off this practice. But here was a case wheie, on
the score of economy, it was best, and which seem-
ed the best mode of ^forming the duty,
j Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said, he voted with the
' gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] against going
! into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
i Union, and for the same reason that the honorable
gentleman said he did; that was to say, because
he preferred the regular order of business, instead
of going on this day into anything that was out of
| the regular order. So far he agreed with the hon-
orable gentleman from Ohio, but to his argument
he altogether demurred.
As respected, in the first place, the appropria-
tion for the independent treasury. The independ-
ent treasury system was not now before them. It
had passed into a law; and refusing to vote appro-
priations under it was precisely the same as re-
fusing to vote appropriations for carrying on any
of the other operations of the Government. Would
the honorable gentleman from Ohio object to ap-
propriations for the payment of custom-house offi-
cers? Certainly not; though the gentleman and
himself (Mr. I.) voted together against the tariff
act of 1846. It was an appropriation, in principle,
for carrying on the operations of this Government,
and to refuse to vote it, was to withhold supplies
in the worst possible shape in which it could be
done.
Mr. SCHENCK (Mr. I. yielding for explana-
tion) said he had not taken the ground that he
would vote against any appropriation for carrying
out any laws of the land including this sub-treasury
enactment, because he was opposed to the scheme
itself. It would be observed, that the appropriation
to which he objected was an appropriation of sev-
eral thousands of dollars for paying for the transfer
of funds from one place to another.
Mr. INGERSOLL. No; the clause specifies that
the appropriation is for "expenses under the act
for the collection, safe-keeping, transfer, and dis-
bursement of the public revenue," which are the
very words of the title of what is known as the
independent treasury act.
Mr. SCHENCK. We were advised, among the
other merits of the sub-treasury scheme, thatitwas
to be a particularly cheap plan of collecting, safe-
keeping, and disbursing the public revenue; but
we have hints now, from sources other than offi-
cial, that in practice it does not prove a particularly
cheap plan, but that the appropriations which arl!
required under it for carting money from place to
place were not contemplated by the act, and, there-
fore, before Congress was called upon to appro-
priate money for an item like this, he thought it
would be well to have information from theExecu-
tive to explain why such an appropriation was ne-
cessary; and, above all, whether under the sub-treas-
ury, or under what act, he called upon Congress
to authorize such expenditures.
His appeal to this House was not to vote down
this supply bill, but to take up the regular order of
business on the Speaker's table, and pass these
resolutions of inquiry upon various subjects, and
especially such as would throw light upon supply
bills, so that, when they came to legislate, they
would have the facts and information before them
which were necessary in order to legislate under-
standingly; and his object was also to show that
the majority now here was 
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL (interrupting and re-
suming his remarks) said he meant to notice that.
It was part of his object to notice the animadver-
sions of the gentleman under which ,he and those
who were in a majority on this floor at the last
session of Congress rested, viz: that they had re-
fused to the gentleman from .Ohio and his friends,
information when they sought to obtain it from the
Executive. But he submitted to the gentleman,
and the common sense of every member of this
House, whether his motion was not altogether
misconceived and irregular? Why not move that
the committee rise, and not move to strike out an
