1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
897
of all things some time ago, and when the world
had failed to come to an end, a* he had said, he
fixeu a new day and prophesied again.
Now, with Mr. H., the one prophecy passed for
about as much as the other. There were croakers
in all'times and under all governments. The reins
of power had been in the hands of the Democratic
party (with the exception of eight years) ever since
the foundation of the Government; and he was not
going to fear the Union would be dissolved bccause
they were held by a Democratic President now;
and as few fears had he that a party which had
maintained its ascendency so long was now to
come- to an end.
[The following is the substance, in a correct
form, of remarks elicited from Mr. Dtjer, in reply
to certain questions of Mr. Henly:
Mr. DUERsays: Mr. Henly having; stated that
the Whig party was about to abandon its principles,
and nominate General Taylor for the office of Pres-
ident, without knowing what his opinions -were
upon those questions upon which the two great
parties of the country are divided, I asked that
gentleman his authority for making"that statement.
And in putting to him this question, and in answer
to questions from him, I said substantially as fol-
lows: That, so far as I knew anything of the
opinions of Whigs in my part of the country,
they were opposed to the nomination of any man
who was not a known Whig; that I had rather,
for myself, be defeated with a candidate of that
description than have anything to do with the
nomination of one of whose principles I was igno-
rant, though success in the latter case might be
certain. After commenting upon some remarks
contained in-a letter of General Taylor recently
published, I said, that I took it for granted that
any Whig convention that might assemble for the
purpose of nominating a President would declare
its principles, and nominate its candidate as the
exponent of those principles. That, under such
circumstances, GenerafrTaylor, whom none doubt-
ed to be a man of honor, could not accept the
nomination, unless his own opinions agreed with
those thus declared by the convention nominating
him. That if, however, such a convention should
nominate a candidate otherwise than as a Whig, and
the exponent of the principles of the Whigs, or, if
it should adopt a nominee who would only accept
the nomination with a protest against the principles
of the party nominating him, I should consider
such action as equivalent to a dissolution of the
Whig party. That I did not, however, expect
or desire any pledges, and had never given any
myself.
Being afterwards asked, whether I would sup-
port General Taylor if he should declare himself
opposed to the " Wiimot proviso," 1 replied, that
that might not become a practical question; but
that, if otherwise, yet, inasmuch as the question was
one that must be determined by Congress, I should
probably be contented with a candidate who would
leave to Congress its determination. I was then
asked whether, if it was known that General
Taylor would veto any bill prohibiting slavery in
newly acquired territories, 1 would then vote for
him? To this 1 replied, that the question was a
difficult and delicate one, because it was impossible
to foresee what contingencies might arise, and
under what circumstanccs it might be presented.
That it was my present impression, that in such
case 1 should not vote for General Taylor. Hut
that, if ever I were compelled to make my choice
between a southern man, an open advocate of
slavery—John C. Calhoun, for instance—and a
northern doughface,! should choose the southern
man.}
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the committee rise; which motion prevailed.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 28, 1848.
Mr. MILLER presented resolutions passed by
the Legislature of the State of New Jersey, m
opposition to a repeal of the act of March 2, 1837,
concerning pilots; which were laid upon the table,
and ordeied to be printed.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of Levi Wells,
a pensioner of the United States, praying to be
allowed arrears of pension; which was refefred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. YULEE presented a petition of citizens of
Orange county, East Florida, praying the estab-
lishment of a post office in that county; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
On motion by'Mr. WESTCOTT, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Archibald Smith, Jim., on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee of
Claims. t
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved) That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate a copy of the proceed-
ings of the general court martial in the case of Lieutenant
Colonel Filinont.
Mr. BENTON gave notice that, on to-morrow,
he should ask leave of the Senate to introduce a
joint resolution in relation to the purchaseof Amer-
ican hemp for the use pf the navy.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
petition"of Asahel ICingsley, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill authorizing
payment of inte'rest on the amount advanced by
the State of Alabama to the General Government,
pending the Creek hostilities in 1836 and 1837,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
petition of William B. Stokes, reported a bill for
his relief; which was read, and passed to the second
reading.
The following bills were read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whol^:
Bill for the relief of Fernando Fellany.
Bill for the relief of Peter Engles, senior.
And no amendment being made, they were re-
ported to the Senate, ordered to be engrossed; were
engrossed, read a third time by unanimous consent
and passed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATIONS.
Mr. YULEE. With the permission of the
Senate, I will trespass a moment upon its time. I
have been waiting an opportunity for a week past
to bring to the notice of the Senator from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Foote,] a report of proceedings in this
body, m which he is made to allege " misquota-
tion' ' of authorities by me. Being quite satisfied
that such was not his intention, I have thought it
proper to enable him to correct it in his place. He
will find the passage 1 refer to in the copy of the
New York Herald, which I hand him.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 think I can explain the matter
without at all calling in question the aceuiacy of
the reporter. I did accuse the Senator fiom Flor -
ida of " misquotation," not, however, exactly m
the sense in which he seems to apprehend it. In
the course of the hurried remarks made by me, on
the occasion to which allusion has been made, I
did say that 1 was perfectly prepared to demon-
strate that the authorities cited by the Senator,
whether musty or modern, were either wholly in-
applicable, or, being applicable, were, according to
all the rules of fair and legitimate interpretation,
altogether hostile to his views. In that case, I
accused the Senator of misquotation, and a more
unfortunate case of misquotation it has rarely been
my lot to witness. I accompanied the accusation
with a suggestion tha't I did not charge the Senator
with having, m the language of the poet,
"Just enough of learning to misquote.
Cases of misquotation, we know, are not unfre-
quent at the bar. Often, a lawyer's authorities
are turned totally against him, and the sword is
wrenched from the hand of the combatant, and he
i himself made its victim. In the present case, I
i intended to show that the weapons of the Senator
: could be turned against himself, and I am prepared
1 to demonstrate that his citation of his authorities
| has been peculiarly unfortunate. But, of course,
i 1 did not charge the Senator with erroneous reading
j of the authorities. I did not accuse him of any
t interpolation of words or sentences. I simply
j intended to convey the idea that his authorities,
! from Puffendorlf down to the most modern, Judge
| Martin of Louisiana, so far as they were at all
i applicable, could be wielded to the utter destruc-
I tion of the dangerous views propounded by him,
! which were, in my opinion, most illiberally ad-
vanced, under all the circumstances of the case,
J and were calculated to do much serious public
detriment to distinguished gentlemen of (he-North,
who had gi^ed on their armor fdr the defence and
vindication of the constitutional rights of the South.
The Senator has, however, tempered^ his phrase-
ology in his printed speech, and made himself to
" coo as gently as a sucking dove," although it is
well known he was a " roaring lion" throughout
his spoken speech.
Mr. YULEE. I understand the Senator to say
that he did not mean to use " misquotation" in its
ordinary sense of misrecital, but only as meaning
misapplication. With this 1 am content, and will
be happy to hear how the Senator, when he comes
to the discussion of the question, witysustain his
proposition that the authorities I cited are not per-
tinent to my argument. Upon this issue I am
willing to go before the Senate and the\ountry.
But before I sit down I will correct the Senator in
his impression that my remarks have undergone
any change in the matter of them since dehveied.
The argument is preserved as nearly as possible, „
under the circumstances—quite as nearly as is
usual in this or other deliberative bodies. I did
omit certain matter which I had read from news-
papers of the day, in illustration of what I charged
to be the ultimate views of the advocates of the
two plans of adjustment I was commenting upon.
These were omitted from my printed speech, be-
cause, among other reasons, unnecessary to the
argument, and because demanding more room than
my printer thought could be spared. The Senator
from New York [Mr. Dickinson] knew that such
was my purpose.
Mr. FOOTE—[being supplied with* a diction-
ary, read the definition of the word " quote," and
added:] The Senator will thus find that the mean-
ing of the word " quote" is given, " to cite." All
I intended to convey was, that the authorities cited
by him were either injudiciously or erroneously
cited, and were not calculated to afford him " aid
and comfort" in the discussion. The Senator from
Alabama, now in his seat, [Mr. Lewis,] will bear
me witness that'both he and 1 concurred that the
manner and matter of the speech of the Senator .
from Florida, as delivered, were, in, all the circum-
stances of the case, lamentably harsh and unkind
to some of the best friends of the South, at the
North. In the printed speech, however, (and I
am quite happy to say so,) there is not, from be-
ginning to end, a single expression which can be
construed into even an appi*oximation of harsh-
ness. Therefore, I am warranted in saying that
there must be something overpoweringly haish in
his manner of expressing himself, or that I did not
understand the terms which the Senator used.
Certainly I listened to the remarks of the Senator
with attention, and so did other gentlemen. I am
willing to appeal to members of this body for a
decision of the question whether the Senator has
not mingled a great deal more honey in his phra-
seology as printed, than he appeared to be willing
to infuse into his speech as delivered?
Mr. LEWIS said he regretted his friend from
Mississippi had given so much consequence to
anything he might have said as to the manner of
the Senator from Florida. He certainly had not
said that the manner of that gentleman was harsh
and offensive, for he was not present when that
gentleman made those remarks. In reply to the
suggestion from another source, that such remarks
were, harsh, he (Mr. L.) had expressed his regret,
as he had also regretted before any remarks were
made, that the Senator from New York had not
amended his resolutions as he (Mr. L.) had hoped
and believed he was willing to do.
Mr. FOOTE. The explanation of the Senator
from Alabama confirms what I have said, and
shows that even rumor and the general impression
with regard to the remarks of the Senator from
, Florida, were as I have stated. I make these re-
marks because it was thought by some that I dealt
I rather unkindly with the Senator from Florida in
| my rebuke; and, certainly, I should have been
; guilty of gross discourtesy, had I rebuked him for
| using language so calm and honeyed as that which
appears in the printed speech.
|i Mr. HANNEGAN. I rise to a question of order.
!i There is a great deal of important business to be
transacted in the morning hour, and as this dispute
|i appears to be altogether a personal matter between
i! the two gentlemen, without any point on either
'! side, so far as I am able to perceive, [ ask that the
|| Senate will proceed to the consideration of the
>' morning business.
