398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 29,
. Mr. YULEE. More time has been consumed
than I anticipated. The Senator says|bathe.does
not mean the matter is different, but that there is
less severity of tone. I will only say, that so far as
the Senator supposed there was any personal un-
kindnessin my language or manner on the occasion
referred to, he is totally mistaken. I entertained
no unkind feelings towards the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Dickinson,] or any one who took an
interest in the discussion, and could not therefore
have manifested any. If I had been personally
unkind, certainly the Senator aggrieved, whoever
he might be, would have noticed it for himself.
Perhaps my manner was very earnest and warm.
That is my nature. My manner, such as it is, no
douht admits of improvement. The manner of
many of us might be improved, if " the gift" were
given us—
" To see ourselves as otheis see us.'5
I will now ask the Senator, as he seems to be quite
opposed to the doctrines of my speech, what is the
pi ecise point of difference between us' Does he
hold that a citizen of the United States could be
excluded from residing upon territory of the Uni-
ted States, with his slave property ?
Mr. FOOTE. I wear no mask—I shun no ques-
tion—and my sentiments on that subject are well
known.
Mr. SEVIER. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of Executive business.
The motion was put, and agreed to.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business; and, after some time so
occupied, the doors were opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 29, 1848.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. HARALSON, by general consent, present-
ed a joint resolution of the Legislature of Georgia,
relating to the Military Academy at West Point.
Referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, a joint resolution of the Legislature of
Georgia for the establishment of a mail route.
Mr. VINTON moved that the Committee of the
Whole be discharged from the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending June 30,1849, and that it be recom-
mitted to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. SCHENCK objecting, the motion was not
entertained.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, from the
Committee of Claims, reported bills for the relief
of Mathews, Wood & Hall; for the relief of the
legal representatives of William D. Cheever, de-
ceased; and for the relief of John Morgan; which
bills were severally read and committed.
Mr. ROCKWELL, from the same committee,
to which was referred the petitions of James Jones,
James C. Neely, James C. Cooper, Caleb Neely,
Samuel I'igg, James Mahoney, Mary Carty, Calh-
arinc Ranicy, and Ihomas E. Thorp, praying
compensation for horses lost in the war with Mex-
ico, made a report thereon, accompanied by a bill
providing for the payment of horses and" other
property lost or destroyed in the military service
of the United States. Read and committed.
Also, ftom the same committee, made adverse
repoits on the petitions of James F. IVTe.o'Owan,
George W. Rumyon, Thomas Bryan, and Georee
W. Bell. Laid on the table.
Mr. ROCKWELL, from the same committee,
reported the following resolution; which, after a
brief explanation by him, was adopted:
Resolve.], That the Secretaiyof the Tre,i-uiy communi-
cate to 11)15 1 louse ivliat additional numbi-i of clerks if am-
nio nece^arf in any of'the bureau'! in Ins department in
order to facilitate the transaction of the pubi'c liu-mess, and
what amount of money ought to he appropriated to defray
the expenses consequent upon tile appointment of such
ek'rk>.
Mr. THOMAS, from the Committee of Claims,
repoited a bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of James Porterfield. Read and committed.
Mr. THOMAS also made adverse reports on
the petitions of Allen Gorham, McKnight, Brent
& Wood, and Henry W. Andrews. Laid on the
table.
Mr, NELSON, from the same committee, re- i
ported bills for the relief of Andrew A. Jones and !
Caspar B. Cooke and others; which bills were sev 1
erally read and committed.
Mr. CROWELL, from the same committee, re-
ported bills for the relief of Zachariah Lawrence,
of Ohio, and for the relief of Wm. P. Zantzinger;
which bills were read and committed-
Mr. CROWELL also made an adverse report on
the petition of Herman Loury. Laid on the table.
Mr. DUNN, from the same committee, reported
bills for the re]ief of Daniei Steenrod; for the relief
of Gideon Walker; for the relief of Dr. A. G.
Henry, of Illinois; for the relief of John B. Rogers,
of South Carolina; for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of Bernard Todd; and for the relief of
the legal representatives of Robert Fulton, deceas-
ed; which bills were severally read and committed.
Also, from the same committee, made an adverse j
report on the petition of W. J. A. Bradford; which
was laid on the table.
Mr. DANIEL, from the same committee, to
which had been referred Senate bill for the relief of
George Fisher, reported the same without amend-
ment. Committed.
Mr. LIGON, from the same committee, report-
ed a bill for the relief of the legal lepresentatives of
Capt. Wm. SmalKvood Tillard. Read and com-
mitted.
Mr. HUNT, from the Comrrfittee on Com-
j merce, to winch had been referred Senate bill
making an appropriation for removing obstructions
in the Savannah river, reported the same with an
amendment. Committed.
Also, from the same committee, reported a bill
for the allowance of drawback on wheat imported
from the British North American provinces, when
manufactured in the United States and exported to
foreign countries. Read and committed.
Mr. GRINNELL, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of the owners and
crew of certain vessels employed in the cod fish- ;
ery. Read and committed. I
Also, from the same committee, a bill to change i
the name of the steamboat Charles Downing to the j
Calhoun; which bill was read three times, passed, i
and sent to the Senate for concurrence. j
Mr. THIBODEAUX, from thesame committee, j
reported a bill supplementary to an act approved \
July 7, 1838, entitled "An act to provide for the j
safety of passengers on board vessels propelled in j
whole or in part by steam;" also, to establish a j
collection district in the State of Georgia. Read \\
and committed. I
Also, from the same committee, made an adverse j
report on the petition of Joseph Emerie. Laid on |;
the table.
On motion of Mr. THIBODEAUX, the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to which was referred the
House bill to amend an act entitled 4'An act to
provide for the better security of passengers on
board vessels propelled in whole or in part by
steam," was discharged from the further consid-
eration thereof, and it was ordered to He on the
table.
Mr. SIMPSON, from the same committee, made
an adverse report upon the petition of James Fos-
ter. Laid on the table.
Mr. OOLLAMER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill to legalize the trans-
fer of bounty land wairant 7943. Read and com-
mitted.
Air. COBB, of Alabama, from the same commit-
tee, reported bills to amend the act approved 24th
of May, 1824, entitled "An act supplementary to
an act approved on the 3d March, 1819, entitled
lAn act providing for the correction of errors in
making entries of land at the land offices;' " also,
to provide for cases of lost bounty land warrants.
Read and committed.
Mr. DUNCAN, of Kentucky, from the same
committee, reported a bill for the relief of John
O'Siris. Read and committed.
Also, from the same committee, made adverse
reports upon the petitions of John Tucker and
Barbara Lancaster. Laid on the table.
Also, from the same committee, to which had
been referred Senate bill to allow further time for
satisfying claims for bourfty land for military ser-
vices in the late war with Great Britain, and for
other purposes, reported the same with an amend-
ment. Read and committed.
Also, from the same committee, to which had
been referred Senate bill confirming former sales
by the State of Illinois of the Ohio Sabine reser-
vations, and authorizing the sale of the residue of
such reservations, reported the same back to the
House, without amendment. Committed.
I Mr. ROOT, from the Committee on the Post
, Office and Post Roads, to which had been referred
; the Senate resolution for the relief of David Shaw
! and Solomon T. Corser, reported the same back
! to the House, with an amendment. Committed,
j Mr. GOGGIN, from the same committee, se«
i ported bills to establish certain post routes; and for
} the relief of William De Buys, late postmaster at
| New Orleans. Read and committed.
| Also, an adverse report on the petition of Edwin
Porter & Co. Laid on the table.
i Also, from the same committee, reported the fol-
! lowing resolution, which was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
i stiueted to inquire into the expediency of amending (he act
of April 30, 1790, entitled "An act for the punishment of
I ceitain ciimcN against the United Stairs," so its to provide
, more effectually for the punishment of depredations on the
mail, and of extending the limitation foi the commencement
of indictments or information beyond the period of nvo
! years, or of abolishing the same altogether; and that the
I letter of James Hutchinson, po<tma-?ter in C^Oiaia, reft-r-
| ring to that subject, togetfroi with a letter of the Po-tmaster
! General to the chairman of the Committee on the Pos-t Oifiee
i and Pof-t Roads? of the 7th ot January last, be referred with
' this resolution to the said Committee on the Judiciary.
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, in behalf of the mi-
nority of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, made an adverse report on the peti-
tion of William De Buys, late postmaster at New
Orleans.
Also, from the same committee, adverse reports
on the petitions of Farley D. Thompson, and of
merchants and citizens of Mobile, Alabama. Laid
on the table.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, to which was referred Senate
1 bills for the relief of Richard S. Coxe; for the re-
; lief of Milledge Galphin, executor of George Gal-
1 phin, deceased; and for the relief of Richard Bloss
, and others, reported the same without amendment;
[ which bills were severally committed.
j BUSINESS OF THE ST£PREME COURT.
I Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, from the same com-
i mittee, reported a bill supplemental to the act en-
1 titled "An act concerning the Supreme Court of
j the United States," approved June 17, 1844.
Mr. I. said, that in reporting this bill, he would
offer a brief explanation, and ask either that it
should be put upon its passage, if there were no
objection, or, if objection should be made to that
course, that it should be made the special order for
an early day. The object of the bill is to relieve
the Supreme Court from a great accumulation of
business. Without some such provision, a crying
evil will be without a remedy. It is known that
the judiciary system of the United States, although
in itself a good one, has probably been outgrown
by the great expansiveness of the country. New
States have come in rapid succession into the
Union. The prospect of multiplied sovereignties
in the future is as striking as the history of them
in the past. With them new questions arise, and
new litigation is the necessary consequence. Points
are presented of extreme intricacy as well as nov-
elty. Time is necessary for the consideration of
them. The already burdened state of the docket
amounts to a denial of justice. Its condition, un-
less speedily relieved, will become a reproach, not
to the learned court, but to the whole country, and
especially to Congress, which alone holds in its
hand the power of present relief, and, when it
shall become necessary, of eventual remedy.
In 1837 every case on the docket was called, and
all but twenty-nine only were left unargued. Since
that time there has been a state of accumulation
which has defied the efforts of learning and ability.
On the 7th of January, 1848, there were one hun-
dred and ninety-eight cases for argument. Of
these twenty-nine have been decided; seventeen
have been argued and are under consideration;
three have been partly argued, and will be taken
up again. The Court at this moment is listening
to an argument in No. 39. The session will close
next week, and it is scarcely possible that further
progress will be made in the docket.
What maybe the bestpeimanent system, in the
event of a change, must be a subject of grave
consideration. Fortunately that does not require
immediate action. Different plan3 have been sug-
gested. Considerable difference of opinion exists
respecting them. It is surmised that even upon
the bench there is not a concurrence of opinion.
All that is now required can now be done. An
entire devoti&n of the attention of the oourfc to
