IM8.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
their appellate duties for a season may. be recon-
ciled to the uninterrupted progress of business in
tjhe circuits. This bill contemplates a relief of the
judges from circuit court duties for two years. It
enables them to give all their labor and abilities to
the accumulated and accumulating business of the
Supreme Cour.t.
It is known that the judges are already relieved
from necessity of attending alternate sessions in
their circuits. No sort of effect has been produced
by this provision, which has existed in vain for
five years. The reason for its failure is obvious.
The annual term is now of three months' duration.
Probably no set of men can apply all the energies
of the most capacious and practised intellects unin-
terruptedly to such great and responsible duties as
are here involved beyond that period an occasional
interval of rest or of study and reflection is indis-
pensable. The term is already too long; attention
and energy, however vigorous at the commence-
ment, are seen to flag and falter towards the close.
Let them adjourn when they are exhausted, and
l«t them meet again after longer or shorter inter-
vals, prepared to devote new and refreshed spirits
to their high and honorable duties. When the
loud demands of the country shall have been com-
Elied with, and the wheels of justice shall no longer
e clogged and virtually arrested, and when, be-
sides, an experiment shall have been fairly made
which will shed useful light upon inquiries into a
proper permanent arrangement, then it will be time
to mature a system which may last for ages.
Mr. BOWLIN said that he was opposed to the
proposition of the honorable gentleman at the head
of the Judiciary Committee to put this bill upon
its immediate passage, and would therefore move
its reference to the Committee of the Whoie on the
state of the Union, where its merits could be inves-
tigated, and also the merits of a substitute for it
which he proposed to offer. He had anticipated
the coming in of this bill, and had a substitute at
hand, which would give the relief sought for the
court, and also greatly relieve the people, particu-
larly of the western and distant States from the
metropolis. This was an important bill, and re-
quired the calmest deliberation. It was a question
of separating the judges of the Supreme Court for-
ever from the people, and giving them a permanent
residence here. He said forever; for, though the
bill proposed a temporary separation, he regarded
it as the foundation for future action in making it
permanent. He presumed there was not a gentle-
man within the sound of his voice who believed
that if we passed this bill that we would ever see
a supreme judge upon the circuits again. We had
to treat the proposition as one proposing a perpet-
ual separation of the judges) of the Supremo Court
from their circuits, and gentlemen deceived them-
selvuw who looked upon it in any other light.
And this (snid Mr. B.)is proposed to be done
with a view of enabling the Supreme Court to got
up with their docket. If there were not other and
multiplied objections to the plan, he would ask
whether it was likely to accomplish the proposed
object. He, for one, believed it would not. The
natural effect of leaving the jurisdiction of the cir-
cuits in the district judges would be, in his opinion,
to lessen the confidence of suitors in the decisions
of the courts and multiply appeals. And what, he
asked, would be (he effcct of such a system pro-
posing such results upon the people remotely situ-
ated from the Capitol, where it was no trilling
matter to be following up appeals ? It was simply
(consulting the ease and comfort of the judges of
the Supreme Court) to give suitors the privilege at
such a cost as amounted to a denial of justice.
Tile whole plan, in his opinion, would increase the
very evil it was proposed to remedy, by greatly
enlarging the docket of the Supreme Court. But
there were other objections to the system besides
merely consulting the ease of the judges at the ex-
pense of the people. He, for one, was not prepared
to remove the judges of the Supreme Court forever
from the States and the people, and give them a
permanent residence here.
But he had not risen to discuss the merits of the
bill, but simply to remind the House, that though
this bill upon its face was special and temporary
in its character, yet it was destined to work a rad-
ical change m the whole judicial system of this
country, and ought to be referred and thoroughly
investigated. If it was so referred, and an oppor-
tunity was presented, he would take occasion to
manifesting opposition to the scheme. AH he now
asked was, that it be referred, together %vith the
substitute, and that both be printed, in order that
the House might be able to judge between the two
systems.
In this substitute he proposed a remedy for the
evil complained of, which he believed would be
efficient, would be cheaper to the people,and would
add no additional burdens to the Supreme Court.
The substitute contemplated, as did the bill, that
the districtjudges, in the first instance, should have
jurisdiction the same as the circuit courts now
have. It also contemplated an intermediate tribu-
nal in each circuit as a court of appeals and errors,
in the first instance, which was to be composed of
the district judges of the circuit court, and one
judge from the Supreme Court; that from the de-
cision of this intermediate tribunal an appeal and
writ of error lay, in the last resort, to the Supreme
Court, except in cases of minor importance, and
where no constitutional question should arise.
This was a brief sketch of the plan of the sub-
stitute, which was to carry justice nearer to the
people, not to remove it farther from them, for the
convenience or ease of any man or set of men.
These courts would be composed of four or five
judges—enough to give confidence in their decis-
ions—and lessen the chances of appealing to the
court of final resort. And what effect would that
have upon the remote States of this Confederacy?
Would it not tend to settle the great body of their
cases near home, and at a trifling expense com-
pared with the costs of prosecuting an appeal up
here. No man could doubt that this system would
greatly lessen the number of appeals that would
come to the court of last resort. This, then, pre-
sents a perfect remedy for the evil, brings justice
nearer to the people without imposing unnecessary
burdens upon the judges. The bill contemplates
alone the euse of the judges, at an enormous ex-
pense to the people, at a great distancfe; the sub-
stitute contemplates cheap and convenient justice
to the people, at a very moderate expenditure of
labor to the judges—indeed, a decrease of labor
compared with the present system.
But all he (Mr. B.) asked for the present was,
that the House would not hastily pass a bill work-
ing a perfect and expensive revolution of the whole
judicial system, withoutdeliberation, without con-
sideration, Let the whole matter be referred, and
take the usual course; let the bill and substitute
be printed, that the House might see both plans,
and choose between them. This was all he asked;
and, in view of the importance of the measures, he
had a right to expect it would be accorded.
Mr. B. concluded by moving the reference of
the bill and his proposed substitute to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the slate of the Union, and
their printing.
Mr. INGIjRSOLL inquired of the gentleman
from Missouri whether, by his bill, lie intended
any present relief for the accumulation of business
now on the docket of the Supreme Court, which
was the main object which he had in view m his
bill. The business of that court was now greatly
in arrears, and would go on accumulating in a ge-
ometrical ratio for some years to come, unless
some immediate relief were provided. He did not
understand that there was any provision in the
gentleman's substitute for the present relief of the
Supreme Court in the accumulation of business.
Ho would cheerfully acquiesce in having the gen-
tleman's alteration printed and brought forward for
consideration; but lie should certainly object to its
being referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, for which there was no
reason, as it contained no appropriation. He
therefore hoped it would be made the special order
of the day for a day certain, and a day near at hand.
The SPEAKER stated to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, that if lie made a motion to post-
pone to a day certain, it would take precedence of
the motion to refer to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. INGERSOLL then proposed that it be
made the special order for a certain day, but was
informed by the Speaker that the motion would
not be in order, except by geneial consent.
Mr. VINTON said it was a very important bill,
and should bo acted on with as little delay as pos-
sible, as the Supreme Court would adjourn in the
course of ten or twelve days.
It was proposed by Mr. Vinton and others to
make it the special order of the day for next Tues-
day, by general .consent.
But Mr; JONES, of Tennessee, s£bd others, ob-
ected. , ■
Mr. A.SHMUN said the bill was of the utmost
importance; and referring it to the Committee ol
the Whole on the state of the Union was equiva-
lent to rejecting it. If it was to bp .passed at all,
it ought to be passed now, or speedily; and if the
gentleman from Missouri and other gentlemen hav-
ing different views as to the form in which it should
be passed, would consent to make it the special
order of the day, there could be no objection. Let
the gentleman's proposition be printed, and letth©
whole matter come up soon.
The question being first on Mr. Bowlin's mo-
tion to refer, it was taken, and decided in the nega-
tive.
Mr. BOWLIN then moved his substitute as an
amendment, and moved the printing of the bill and
amendment, and the postponement of the subject,
to Monday next.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL said, he had no objec-
tion to the printing of the substitute, and that l>oth
the bill and the proposed amendment should he
subject to reflection and brought up at an early day
together.
The motion being agreed to, the further consider-
ation of the bill was postponed to Monday next.
Mr. LUMPKIN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of William
Fuller. Read and committed.
Mi'. DIXON, from the same committee, report-
ed bills for the relief of Susan C. Randall and for
the relief of Francois Cazeau; which bills were
read and committed.
Mr. ASHMUN, from the same committee, to
which had been referred Senate bill entitled "An
act to make attachments which are made under
process issuing from the courts of the United States
conform to the laws regulating; such attachments in
the courts of the States," reported the same with
sundry amendments.
The amendments were read, and severally agreed
to, and the bill was read a third time, passed, and
returned to the Senate.
Mr. TAYLOR, from the same committee, to
which had been referred Senate bill for the relief
of Mr. Capella, administrator of Andrew Capella,
deceased, and for the relief of John Capo, and for
the relief of Elijah Petty and Hannah Petty, his
wife, heirs of John Bearuon, deceased, reported the
same without amendment. Read euid committed.
Mr. VINTON moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. Lost.
Mr. BOWOON, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
the heirs of Colonel David Hopkins. Read-and
committed.
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, from the same
committee, reported a bill for the relief of Elizabeth
Converse. Read and committed.
Also, from the same committee, an adverse re-
poi t upon the petition of the heir3 of Susannah and
George Stewart. Laid on the table.
Mr. TOxMPKINS, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Charles Cappel; which was read three times, pass-
ed, and sent to the Senate for concurrence.
Mr. BARRINGER, from the Committee on fn-
dian Affairs, to which was referred Senate bill
authorizing persons to whom reservations of land
have been made, under ceitain Indian treaties, to
alienate the same in fee, reported the same without
amendment.
Aftersome desultory discussion by Messrs. BAR-
RINGER,CATHC ART, CUMMINS, THOMP-
SON of Indiana, WENTWORTH, and others,
the bill was read a third time, passed, and returned
to the Senate.
Mr. BARRINGER, from the same committee,
to which had been referred the joint resolution of
the Senate for the relief of Betsy Mcintosh, re-
ported the same with an amendment; which was
read and agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was then read
a third time, passed, and returned to.the Senate.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the State of the Union. Lost.
Mr. BUCICNER, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to which was leferred Senate bill for the
relief of Thomas Talbot and others, reported the
same without; amendment. Committed.
