408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
read from the President's message of December
2, 1845:
"The jurisdiction of the United States—which, at the
formation ot* the Federal Constitution, was bounded by the
St. Mary'#, on the Atlantic—has passed the capes of Florida,
and been peacefully extended to the Del Norte."
*********
"Since that time, Mexico has, until recently, occupied
an attitude of hostility towards the United States—has been
marshalling and organizing aumes, issuing proclamations,
and avowing the intention to make war on the United
States, either by an open declaration, or by invading Texas.
Both the Cong> ess and convention of the people of Texas
invited this Government to send an array into that territory,
to protect and defend them against the menaced attack.
The moment the terms of annexation offered by the United
States were accepted by Texas, the latter became so far a
part of our own countiy as to make it our duty to afford
such protection and dcfence. I therefore deemed it proper,
as a precautionary measure, to order a strong squadron to
the coasts of Mexico, and to coneentiate an efficient military
force on the western frontier of Texas. Our army was or-
dered to take position in the country between the Nueces arid
the Del Norte, and to repel any invasion of the Texan terri-
tory which might be attempted by the Mexican forces."
And also from the Secretary of War's report,
November 29, 1845, and communicated to Con-
gress with the message of December 2, 1845:
"The ready acceptance on the pan of Te\a* of the terms
of annexation proffered bv tlus Government, excited the ill-
will of the Government of Mexico. That Republic mcnaced
the immediate commencement of hostilities against the
United States, and set on foot, as it was said, extensive
preparations to invade and subjugate Texas. Puisuantto
yorn dueetions, an ai my of occupation was assembled m
that State, and Uiiiradier Geneuil Taj lor as-igned to the
command of it. He was instructed to repel Mexican ag-
gressions, and to protcct the countiy fiom Indian invuMons;
to regard the Rio del Norte as its western boundary ; and to
select a position for his forces with reference to this frontier,
but to leave unmolested Mexican settlements, and also mil-
itary posts, should there b<: any such posts on the east bank
of that liver which were m the occupancy of Mexican forccs
previously to the period when Texas assented to the terms of
annexation."
I read thus at length, that there may be no room
left for misapprehension in regard to the only point
at issue, to wit:
« In December, 181.>, Cons>e,s v as informed that. General
Taylor had been rssignc i to the dejenre oj the country nest to
the Rio Grande."
I would now, sir, turn for a moment to this vol-
unteer championship of historical truth. What
does my fi lend from Indiana say, to refute the po-
sition thus affirmatively und positively proved from
the record ? lie says, 111 the extiactfrom his speech
which I have just read:
" Now, I ha, e UU ,-fuUy Ijokui into the halo, not this thin.-
1 have careful y examined all the public documents upon uhi2k
lam Jay hawk; and Ma-Acre do I fmd, from the
ntrirr r,i thn /mi/J nf ,./( „    r>"'
nine, to tkeariotaUthecjmiinmu-ahons'ivhteh emanated horn
the 1'mutaU OJ the Umli-i Slates m D,cem>je,, 1845, or,mo r
to that tlVIC, 'i iir declaration tiht gs-nfltvl Tavi nil
HAD BKKN orderl.d to march ihs thool's to the Rin
Grande." ^ iuo
Now, sir, here is a misapprehension and a mis-
statement of the position he proposed to refute 
here is the substitution of the idea of an express
order to march troops to the Rio Grande, instead
of my real position, so very explicitly stated in
his own speech, " that General Taylor had-been as-
signed to the defence of the country tcest to the Rio
Gratute —a distinction the more important, when
we consider the sequel of my argument, which
left the responsibility of selecting, or advisino- the
selection ol, the particular posts to be occupied
with the commanding general, and referred the
whole responsibility of taking military possession
west to the Rio Grrandc, to the positive orders of
our uovernnirnt, issued as early as June, 1843 in-
formation ot which was communicated to Congress
m December, 1845, as fully appears from thc°rec-
ord just read; while the particular order of Janu-
ary U, 184b, was subordinate to the original and
primitive action of the Government in J„ne 1845
and was taken, in concurience with the command-
ing general, as a further and necessary means of
maintaining our boundary and possession to the
which Congtess had been informed
was already designated to General Taylor as the
western frontier of Texas.
Sir, 1 cannot suppose that the honorable gentle-
man from Indiana designedly misapprehended or 1
misstated the ^position he had undertaken to con- '
trovert; therefore, sir, I assume that he considered !
the idea he here expresses in regard to an order to :
march troops to the Rio Grande as identical with I
my position, that General Taylor had been assign-
ed to the defence of the countiy west to the Rio I
Grande—a position winch the gentleman from In- j
diana will feel and acknowledge, is fully sustained I
by tne report of the Secretary of War, which, not- j:
Withstanding his careful examination of all the I
documents, was overlooked by the gentleman from
Indiana. I am the more confirmed in this impres-
sion, from the fact that the gentleman says, in the
extract from his speech which 1 have lead, that
" the Secretary of War, at the commencement of that
i session (December, 1845,) communicated to Con-
* gress intelligence of the fact that General Taylor had
' been assigned to the command of the country between
* the Nueces and the Rio Grande, with an ' ultimate
4 destination' to the Rio Grande
I am constrained to believe the honorable gen-
tleman never read the report of the Secretary of
War, for there is no such communication or state-
ment in it as that which I have just stated in the
terms and language of the honorable gentleman
from Indiana. All that is to be found in that re-
port about the orders to General Taylor, and the
Texan frontier, is that which I have already read,
and which says nothing about uultimate destina-
tion,No such terms can be found m the report,
from the beginning to the end; button the con-
trary, the explicit declaration that General Taylor
was assigned to the command of the aimy of occu-
pation in Texas, to repel Mexican aggressions and
to repel Indian invasions, and 44 to regard the Rio
4 dd Norte as its (Texas') western boundary, and to
' select a position for his forces with reference to this
4frontierI assume, then, sir, that the gentleman
from Indiana is not playing upon terms, and
changing the issue " that General Taylor had been
as$ig7\ed to the defence of the country west to the Rio
Grande J9 into the mere technical declaration ilthat
General Taylor had been ordered to march the troops
under his command to the Rio Grandearid this as-
sumption I must make, to avoid a conclusion more
unfortunate for that gentleman than the one I have
already enunciated, lo wit: that he has sinned a
sin of omission, in not reading the report of the Sec-
retary of War, when he so carefully examined all
the documents; and a sin of commission, when he
stated to this House that the Secretary of War, at
the commencement of that session, (December,
1845,) communicated to Congress one word about
the 44 ultimate destination39 of General Taylor. Sir,
I have thus refeircd to the misapprehension of the
position in my speech which the gentleman from
Indiana proposed to controvert, and to his double
sin of omission and commission in his examination
of the public records of history, to vindicate which
he seemed the chosen champion. A word now
upon his misapprehension and misapplication of
these records, where he has not omitted to exam-
ine them, and where he states correctly their con-
text.
1 refer to his view of that order to General Tay-
lor, in which he is instructed that his ultimate desti-
nation tons the Rio Grande. This order, as the
gentleman himself says in a subsequent part of his
argument, was issued before the terms of annexa-
tion oflercd by Congress had been accepted by
Texas*, and, as is very clear on its face, expresses
to General Taylor the instructions of his Govern-
ment, that his ultimate destination, when Texas
shall have accepted our terms of annexation, will
be the western frontier of Texas—the Rio Grande
—on or near which he will take his position. I
will read the whole letter:
[Confidential.]
„ „ . , , W-1R Department, June 15, 1815.
k,iit. On the '1th day ol July ntxt, or very sooti thereafter,
t.io convention ol the people of Texas, will probablv accept
t ic proposition of annexation, under the joint resolution* of
the late Con-re<s of the United States. That aeecpiance
win constitute ie.\as an mtegial portion ot our country.
In anticipation of that event\ou will foithwith make a
ioi waul movement with the troops under your command,
and adv,irie to the moutli ot the Sabine, or to such other
point on the Gulf ot Mexico, or its navigable waters, as in
your judgment may be most convenient for an embarkation
at the pi opei time foi the western fiontiet of Texas.
♦« i 'e^JI!8 ly y°ur judgment to decide the toute, ltism-
r llffa t MtyKU ,ciu00^ U,e most expeditious, having due
rt^ard to the health and efficiency of the tioops on reaching
the point of destination. 1 1
PonV™M'nirr immediate command at and near
I ort Jeaip to be put m motion on the rcceint of these
trv In !°11S' Wl" be the ,hird and fomth ^'Kuuents of infan-
OrC "leir rU8"niM"S- Amll"y Wl11 be
It is understood that suit.,Me forage for cavalry cannot be
tin I) o",,,1'1",'1381™ Wh,ch the ""OP3 are to occupy ; if
horses and serve
.■.ecu.sto,„ed to subsl,t on meager forage.may^
not, m necessary. You will therefore take the precau-
tion to Older a portion of the cavalry equipments to acoom
pa„v the ropment, vv.th a v.evv to inoui.ted serwe
your ultimate destination is Ihciteslu n frontier
f a., where you unit select and occupy, on or near the Rio
Grande del Norte, such u site as will consist with the health of
the troops, and will be bat adapted to repel invasion> '-nil to
protect uhat, in the event of annexation, trill be our western
border. You will limit yourself to the defence of the territory
of Texas, unlea Mexico should declare war against the Un ited
States.
Your movement to the Gulf of Mexico, and your prepara-
tions to embark for the western frontier of Texas, are to be
made without any delay; but you will not effect a landing
on that frontier until you have yourself ascertained the due
acceptance ofTcxas of the pioffeied terms of annexation,
or until you receive directions from Mr. Doneteon.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEORGE BANCROFT.
To Brig. Gen. Z. Taylor, U. S. idrmy, Commanding I si
Dept., Fort Jemp, La.
So much for his evident misapprehension of
the record. But the misapplication of it is even
more unfortunate; for this order of June 15, 1845,
; thus misapprehended, is treated by the honorable
gentleman as the report of the Secretary of War to
Congress at the commencement of the session in
December, 2845; when, in fact, it was not commu-
nicated to Congress until May, 1846, after the war
was commenced. In December, 1845, Congress
had not the opportunity to misapprehend or to
misapply this order to General Taylor about his
ultimate destination. They only knew what the
President's message and the report of the Secre-
tary of War explicitly stated—that General Tay-
lor had been instructed to regard the Rio Grande
as the western frontier of Texas, and to defend and
protect the country west to that frontier. And
this is all I have presumed to state; and it is to
controvert this position that the honorable gentle-
man from Indiana has so enveloped himself in
errors of fact and inference.
The importance of this position cannot be over-
rated; for Congress, thus explicitly acquainted
with the policy and views of the Executive in re-
gard to the defence of our southwestern fron-
tier, engaged in further legislation, which, I have
| argued, affirmatively sanctioned the policy of the
j Executive, and concwTed in treating the Rio
! Grande as the frontier of Texas. It is to this
| question of concurrence only that the position re-
i ferred to was taken, and entirely apart from the
' rightful action of our Government, which treated
I the Rio Grande as our southwestern boundary.
In this view of the case, the abstract order to
march to the Rio Grande becomes entirely sub-
ordinate to the occupation of the country between
the Nueces and the Rio Giande, west to the latter
river, avoiding all Mexican settlements, and acting
purely on the defensive; for Congress having once
concurred in treating the Rio Grande as the fron-
tier, the movements of troops between that river
and the Nueces cannot be called illegal and uncon-
stitutional, with or without the advice of the com-
manding general, which is only important incident-
ally with other considerations in indicating the
wisdom and discretion of the Executive. And in
this view only could 1 refer to it; and in this view
I mean to reaffirm and maintain the position I have
heretofore taken on this point, which the honora-
ble gentleman from Indiana treatsasan assumption
equally unfounded with that of which I have just
treated, and which not only violates the truth of
history, but does cruel injustice to General Tay-
lor . Sir, I will not only rcscue history from such
a champion as my friend from Indiana, but I will
rescue General Taylor from the position which
would do him no honor or credit. I should be
embarrassed in performing this task, if I should
attempt to excuse the gentleman from Indiana for
the liberty he has taken with General Taylor's
opinions and public despatches. Sir, if to answer
the assumptions of my argument, or to place Gen-
eral Taylor before the country in a position which
will enable the Whig party, without inconsistency,
not to say self-stultification, to make him their
party candidate for the Presidency, it be necessary
thus to misapprehend and misstate his intercourse
with the Government, I do not envy the ingenuity
and courage of that gentleman who undertakes a
task so little creditable to the political morals of
our countrymen. On this point the gentleman from
Indiana says:
" Now, ^ir, words are very significant things; and a single
word misapplied often does gi< at mischief. Other gentle-
men have averted that Genera! Taylor adviwd the move-
ment to the Rio Giande. Such was the argument of my
friend and colleague over the way, [Mr. Robinson.] But I
lm\e heard nobody, except the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. McLane,] say that he 1 repeatedly urs,edi it. This ac-
c usdtion does very great jnjiMice to General Taj lor, a gal-
lant and well-tried soldier; for he never either < ur^cd' or
repeated Ins advice of such a movement. On the contrary,
ail the suggestions made by lnm upon the subject were (®&1-
ified befoie the issuance of the oider. Yet, notwithstanding
