410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
from Indiana in regard to the qualification in the i
constitution of Texas, under which he excepts |
the boundary statutes of 3836, as in derogation of
the joint resolutions of annexation, which reserved
to the United States the right to adjust the bound-
ary question. This reservation merely conferred
on the United States the right to cede to Mexico,
in the exercise of the treaty power, a portion of
the soil of Texas, if, in the exercise of that power,
it should have been deemed advisable to fix on a
boundary east of the Rio Grande, the then bound-
ary of Texas, and so recognized in the joint reso-
lutions of annexation, which provided for territory
north and south of the patallel of 36° 30'—a par-
allel which, by reference to the map, it will be seen,
would never have been reached if the Nueces river
had been the western boundary of Texas—or, in-
deed, any intermediate river east of the Rio Grande;
which latter, being the western' boundary of Tex-
as,-has its source near the head of the Arkansas
river, about the 39th parallel of latitude; thus sug-
gesting to Congress the necessity and propriety of
extending to Texas the principle of the Missouri
compromise.
The only remaining issue presented by the gen-
tleman from Indiana, to which I am callcd to reply,
is that which has reference to the act of December
3,1845, extending to Texas the revenue system of
the United States. I stated, in explanation, to the
honorable gentleman, that I understood the act of
Congress only to constitute one collection district
for the State of Texas, with a port of delivery at
Corpus Christi, and an inspector of customs at
Point Isabel, near the Rio Grande. In the face of
this explanation, he affirms that—
" Const did not intend, by these acts, to go beyond the
point to which the jurisdiction of Te.xa-s extended at the
tunc ot' annexation That point was the. conntv of San
Patricio, which had been extended so as to embrace Corpus
Chji-ti and the territory immediately adjacent, but had never,
at that tune gone further."
And in a note appended to his piinted speech,
the gentleman from Indiana says :
11 Since tin« speech was delivered, f have examined, null
find the fact to be, that no hvn>c<-tor of customs  '<•/« crcr ap-
point at for Point L<thc! The law did not authou/c Midi
an officer. 'Die act of ,'JKi December, 18l.r>, provided for a
collec!or at Galveston, ,ind a v «'yor lot eneii <>/ the poi b
oldohven, Thrit ofM.ueh 3, 1817, provided foi ,t collector
at SnhuU,_a deputy collector at .-Uau-a-, a deputy collector
for Sabine, and lor Mitve\otx nt the M-vei.iJ ports ot delivery
fenced by that -let—all ca^t of Corpus Ckiiiti By the Blue
}>ook of f find tliar ail the officer* of customs appoint; d
in To\a-i by the Pi evident, reside at Galveston, Vela -co, and
Sabine." ' '
Tn reply to these truly unfortunate errors, I beg
to refer that gentleman to the act of the Texan ■
Congress, passed 24th May, 3838, extending the
county of San Patricio to the Rio Grande; and to
the records of the treasury, where he will find that
Daniel S. Terry, on the 19th day of February,
1840, was nominated by the United States collector
for the collection district of Texas, an inspector of
customs for the port of Point Isabel; and on the
9ih March, 1846, the nomination and appointment
of Mr. Terry were approved by the Secretary o<*
the Ircasury. 1 beg to read the letter of appoint-
ment and eonfnmntion:
Coi.i/'t'ior's Omc p, Gu,vfston,/W). 19,18'tfi.
Fik: I a/n infoiinally advised that tin- t'intcd Slates
force*, n<nv .stationed at <• Corpus Chn-ti," aie under oidens
to remove to the Pan Jago or Point Nabe]." it
such should be the ea«e, it is apparent that it will be im
pmiam for the protection of the revenue that an inspector
of th<- levcmi" should bn stationed at said point. If it should
men the views of i\n- depaitioem, I respectfully re< oin-
memi, as a proper peison foi that place, Daniel S. Teriy, a
jounK gentleman in whom even confidence may be placed
Vri\ respectfully, U. (?, RUNNELS, Collector.
N. H. J am imonitrd, snu-e wilting the above, that calcu-
lations :i:c b< in<r made lo; the puipo-c of smuyjdinir <is mioii
as the army shall aiuvc at Brazos San J;i o or Point F«abel
1 s|iun <iu,nt joui instructions. I enclose a communu a-
rion nom tin* sin\e)<,i and inspcctoi of the pott at Corpus-
CJnisti io< \our cuiisiaeiation.
H. G. RUNNELS.
Tkkasurv 1)i i' mvtmknt, March 9,1846.
Sir. The n-muiiation of Darnel S. Terry a-- deputy col-
lector and tn-p.M tor oi tli,  customs, to be stationed at the
" iii a'^os ^un J i o, oi Point ii-abe),'* -ubmitted in voia let-
ter of the IDtn ultimo, „pj,roved, at a pei diem eoinpeiua-
tion nor to exceed per month. A-, soon at. tne location
oi Mr. Teir> is dt teinuned upon, jou will please advise the
departmc nt.
Very re-spectfiillv, your obedient servant,
XI. J. WALK FIT?,
Sccicturr/ of the Trcaswv.
H JJ *
Coi'e, Iji oj the Ch•tows, Galveston. Texas.
The present incumbent of this same port is Mr.
James Qooch, appointed, I believe, April 1G> 1847.
In conclusion, sir, I have to say, while I regret
that the honorable gentleman from Indiana should I
have appended to his speech this note of contra- 1
diction, so peremptorily stated, I have not the least
idea that he desired to make any issue of veracity,
or even oppose any unpleasant contradiction to a
a statement of fact found in my speech. Still, sir,
I would not be satisfied to let such an irregular
statement of differences rest between us, when a
simple reference to the official records of the Treas-
ury Department, accessible to all of us, furnish the
means of vindicating my own accuracy. "With
this view only would I detain the committee on
this point; for I have no intention of going again
into the merits of the argument which 1 presented
in support of the position that Congress had ex-
tended our revenue system west to the Rio Grande.
I well understand that it was over the State of Tex-
as, in general terms, that the revenue system was
extended; and the appointment of a surveyor at
Corpus Christi, and an inspector or deputy collector
for Point Isabel, both civil appointments, made
regularly according to the existing laws of the
United States, were referred to in explanation of
the extent to which this revenue system was ap-
plied by the act of December 23, 1845.
Mr. iVlcL. yielded the floor to Mr. Thompson
just before the conclusion of his hour, expressing
his regret that he had not the time to make the re-
flections lie desired in regard to the Treasury esti-
mates to which he had referred in the opening of
his remarks.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, next obtained
the floor, and the committee rose and reported
progiess.
Mr. POLLOCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution yesterday reported by the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions by Mr.
Cocke, declaring it inexpedient to extend to the
widows of revolutionary officers and soldiers who
were married prior to 1812 the benefits of the laws
ill force or which may be passed for the benefit of
widows who were married prior to 17!)4, together
with the report of the minority on the same sub-
ject, made by Mr. Lawrence, of New York, were
commuted to the Committee of the Whole.
Before the question was put,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 1, 1848.
The VICE PRESIDENT piesented a memo-
rial from the Legislature of Iowa, asking a giant
of land for the purpose of making a road from Du-
buque to Keokuk; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. BREESE presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of Illinois in relation to a railroad from
Lake Michigan to the Pacific, on "Whitney's plan;
wiiich was refeired to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. HOUSTON presented joint lesolutions of
the Legislature of Texas, protesting against the
relinquishment of the Mexican provinces conquer-
ed by and in possession of the United States, with-
out indemnity, and also protesting against any Jaw
to prevent the citizens or slaveholding States fiom
taking their property with them in emigrating to
said acquired teiritones; which were ordered to be
printed.
Also, the petition of Manuel Ravena, asking
compensation for the schooner Franciscan, seized
by the United States marshal at Galveston, and
sold for benefit of the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented the
petition of citizens of Baltimore and other inhabi-
tants of the State of Maryland, asking for a re-
duced and uniform rate of postage; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the petition of citizens of Portsmouth,
New Hampshire, in relation to a specific duty on
fish, and that the same be referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. SEVIER moved that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of Executive business, which
motion was agreed to; and at half past twelve the
doors were closed, and remained so until a late
hour. When Chey were reopened,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 2, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. MARSH moved that the Speaker fill the
vacancy on the Joint Library Committee, occa-
sioned by the death of the Hon. John CIuincy
Adams. Agreed to.
The SPEAKER then appointed Mr. Palfrey,
of Massachusetts, to supply said vacancy.
THE PRINTING OF CONGRESS.
Mr. CONGER, from the Committee on Printing,
to which was referred the resolution of the House
authorizing the printing of 'five thousand extra
copies of the report of the Committee on Naval
Affairs on granting to the Florida, Georgia, and
Alabama Railroad Company alternate sections of
land along the route of their proposed railroad, re- ✓
ported the resolution back to the House, with the
recommendation that it be agreed to.
Mr. ASHMUN had nothing to say about that
report, but he wished to take occasion to make
some inquiry with reference to the condition of our
public printing. It was said yesterday, and they
all knew the fact, that the printing of the House
was so much behind, that they were themselves
not only greatly discommoded, but their constitu-
ents were deprived of the usual means of informa-
tion on interesting and important public questions.
For instance, the President's message and accom-
panying documents, to which they were each
entitled to some sixty or seventy copies, were so
far behindhand that only some twelve or fourteen
had been laid on their tables. Requests were com-
ing from all parts of the country for this valuable
and important document, and up to this time not
one-fifth of the number to which they were entitled
had been printed or delivered to this House.
It did seem to him, that some measure ought to
be adopted by the House either to discharge the
present printers or do something to give an impulse
to their action. Pie did not desire to make any
trouble; he did not know what the obstacles were
to the punctual fulfillment of their contract; it was
not for him to know. They all felt the delay to
be a great grievance; and he desiied to know if
some member of the Committee on Printing could
inform them what reason could be given for it, and
whether there was any prospect of its being re-
moved for the future ?
Mr. WENTWORTH said he was about to
propound the same question; and he had hoped
that the Committee on Printing would have done
something long ere this to expedite the public
printing. Supposing this were a short session:
What would have been their condition ? The 4th
of March was just at hand, and they had scarcely
begun to receive their documents. He was daily
receiving letters from his constituents (and he pre-
sumed this was the case with nearly every mem-
ber of the House) and from conductors of the
public press, making urgent calls for these docu-
ments. The matter called loudly for reform, and
it was high tune that something should be done.
He hoped the Committee on Printing would see
to it. He was prepared at any time, if the public
printing was not done faster than it now was, to
vote for any resolution which would bring the
documents, as they were due, and lay them on
their tables.
Mr. CONGER said, so far as the President's
message was concerned, he was assured by-the
printers that the number required would be fur-
nished this week. Whether they would be or not
he could not say. That was the latest intelligence
the committee had received from the public print-
ers. So far as the printing generally was concerned,
he believed the experience of every man who had
had a seat on this floor in former Congresses told
him that complaints, continued and frequent com-
plaints, in relation to the public printing, had been,
made. Whether those complaints were more nu-
merous, whether they were better founded now
than formerly, he could not say. But, in refer-
ence to the delay thnt existed in the public print-
ing, he could only say that the printers had assured
the committee, within the last few days, that they
had so nearly brought up the printing of the docu-
ments ordered, that hereafter there would be no
cause of complaint on the ground of delay.
Mr. WENTWORTH repeated the inquiry.
Supposing this were a short session of Congress:
What would be their predicament in relation to^ie
public documents*5 Instcati of being furnished
