412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
and the bill read a third time, passed, and returned
to the Senate.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CROZIER, from the Committee on Ex-
penditures in the Department of War, reported the
followingresolution; which was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing inquire into the
propriety and expediency of printing 10,000 extra copies of
the abstract of contracts reported from the War Department
and presented to the House on the 26th of January iast.
Mr, CONGER, from the Committee on Printing, j
reported the following resolution; which was read
and agreed to;
Resolved, That there be printed the usual number of the
report and map^ of Lieutenant Emory, containing the report
of Captain Cook, the report and maps of Lieutenant Abort,
and the journal of Captain Johnson, as the same were trans-
mitted to the House by the Secretary of War on the 9th of
February, 1848.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, from the Select Com-
mittee on Rules, made a report proposing amend-
ments to the 4th, 30th, 56th, and the 114th rules;
which were read, considered, and agreed to.
Mr. MURPHY, from the Committee on En-
graving, to which was referred the question of
engraving and publishing the maps and drawings
accompanying the report of Lieutenant Abert,
10,000 extra copies of which had been ordered to
be printed by the House, reported the following
resolution, which was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That one copy of the said map and drawings be
engraved and attached to each printed copy ordeied by the
House.
Mr. MEADE, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported a bill to change the time of holding
the district court of the United States for the west-
ern district of Virginia, and for other purposes.
Read and committed.
Mr. VINTON moved the usual resolution clos-
ing all debate in Committee of the Whole on the
bill making further appropriations to supply defi-
ciencies for the fiscal your ending June 30, 1848,
to-morrow (Friday) at two o'clock. Agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications:
A communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting, in compliance with the
provisions of the 3d section of tiie act to carry into
effect the treaties concluded by the Chickasaw
tribe of Indians on the 20th October, 1832, and the
24th May, 1834, a statement of the respective funds
on account of said tribe for the year 1847. Laid
on the table.
A communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting a report, made in pursuance of an act
of 1st May, 1820, showing the balances of appro-
priations under the direction of that department
remaining m the treasury on the 1st of July, 1846,
the appiopriations made for the fiscal year 1846-7,
with other information upon the same subject.
Laid on the table.
A communication from the Secietary of the
Tiensury, transmitting a report of the names and
compensation of the clerks and other persons em-
ployed in that department during the past year,
Referred to the Committee on the Expenditures
of the Department of the Treasury.
A communication from the Secretary of the
Navy, transmitting, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives of January
13, 184G, a statement showing the number and
compensation of clerks and other persons employ-
ed in that department during the last year, together
with their places of residence at the time of ap-
pointment. Laid upon the table.
A communication from the Postmaster General
transmitting specific estimates of the sums of mo-
ney expected to be required for the service of the
depaitment during tte next fiscal year, prepared in
obedience to the 2d section of tlfeactof July 2,1836.
Ilefened to the Committee of Ways and Means.
A communication from the Postmaster General,
transmitting; a repoit of the disbursing agent of
that department, exhibiting a detailed statement of
his receipts and payments during the calendar
year 1847, and the balance on hand. Laid upon
the table.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing letter:
Washington, Fehrvmy 28, 1848
The undei-signed has devised apian for taking the yeas
and nays, by winch much valuable tune and consequent
expen&e may be saved to the Government.
A small cabinet, called the register, is attached to the
Clerk's desk, within which the present printed li&t is placed,
having opposite to eacli name the words yea, nay. From
this wires lead under the flooi to each desk, and there con-
nect with two keys, inscribed yea, nay. On touching the
one it causes a piston to rise in the legister and cut out the
word not voted. The-vote of the whole House is given
simultaneously, without the possibility of mistake or failure.
Ten oT more impressions maybe taken at the same in>tarit,
each of which may be duplicated by the copying pre*s,thus
enabling the Clerk to accommodate all the reporters.
Less than a minute is sufficient, but on impoitant ques-
tions five or ten minutes, according to the plea&ure ot the
House, may be allowed to let all the members reach their
seats.
The apparatus auiy be put up in the Hall in the course of
a few weeks, without interfering with the session, at a cost
of $'3,009.
An operative model is now here, which he would be
happy to present before a committee. Very respectfully,
FRANCIS H. SMITfl, of Baltimore.
Hon. It. C. wlnthrop,
Speaker oj the House of Rej/reicntatives.
After conveisation between Messrs. J. R, IN-
GERSOLL, WENTWORTH, and HOUSTON,
of Delaware, the letter was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
The SPEAKER presented a letter from Alex-
ander Yattemare, a citizen of France, enclosing his
memorial asking aid of Congress in perfecting his
system of international exchanges of books, maps,
engravings, &c. The memorial was referred to
the Committee on the Library.
DEFICIENT APPROPRIATIONS.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the State
of the Union, (Mr. Hunt, of New York, in the
chair,) on the bill further to supply deficiencies m
the appropriations for the fiscal year ending June
30,1848.
Mr. R. W. THOMPSON said, that nothing was
further from his wish or design than to make a
speech pending the consideration of this bill, nor
should he now do so were it not rendered neces-
sary by what was said on yesterday by the gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. McLane.] That
gentleman's remaiks had so direct a reference to
him, (Mr. T.,) that if he passed them by without
notice, it might be supposed that he intended to
treat him uncourteously. Nothing was further
from his wish.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. McLane]
seemed to think that he (Mr. T.) was his rival on
this floor. He understood him to say that n had
been so asserted in the Baltimore district. He
claimed to be neither the rival of the gentleman
from Maryland nor of any other member of this
House, nor to be the especial defender of the truth of
history. He professed to be only a plain man, the
representative of a plain people, of whom he was
proud, and who had confided to his hands a trust
which he should endeavor to perform truly and
faithfully. They had charged him with a partici-
pation in the duties of this House, and he could
assure the gentleman, that without reference to the
superiority of any one member here over another,
he should discharge those duties with a just and
full sense of all his responsibilities. He came here
not to enter the field of gladiatorial combat with
the gentleman from Maryland nor any other mem-
ber of the House, nor to shrink from the task of
defending his position, or the interests of those
who sent him, or to defend the truth of history, !
whenever m his own judgment it became neces- \
sary and proper. The people of his district knew j
full well, before he camc, of the desire on his part
to exercise, so far as he could, every possible de-
gree of instrumentality to bring the Government
back to the tiue principles of the Constitution, and i
to terminate successfully, speedily, and honor- j
ably, the present unnecessary war into which the i
country had been unconstitutionally plunged by j
an ambitious and imbecile Executive. These du- 1
ues he trusted he should perform in a manner be- ■
coming to himself as an individual and as a mem- !
ber of this House. |
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. McLaxe] !
had also told the committee that he (Mr. T.) was,
m the Baltimore district, supposed to be his rival, ;
notonly in those things which were understood to be |
essential to a public debate, but was also his rival in
personal beauty! With the most modest and becom- j
ing pretensions to personal comeliness, he would i
say to the gentleman that in that, too, his position !
was wholly misconceived. For his own part, he i
could not imagine how, by possibility, the personal !
appearance, either of the gentleman or himself, :
could have any relation to public questions pend- ||
ing before this House, unless it was that, in the
district represented by the gentleman, the personal
appearance of a member of Congress was deemed
to be of the greatest importance. [Laughter.] If
such were the fact, he now, frankly and willingly
yielded the palm to the gentleman. And if, here-
after, a doubt should anywhere exist, whether the
gentleman or himself was the handsomest man, he
desired the question to be forever settled, that the
gentleman from Maryland was, without dispute,
the best looking man in the present Congress!
[Laughter.]
• Mr. T. said he should now proceed briefly to
notice what the gentleman from Maryland called
the issue of fact between them. He trusted the
gentleman did not regard it as a question of vera-
city, for, as he understood it, it was simply oneof
construction, involving merely the interpretation
of certain language. In the meaning to be attach-
ed to this language, the gentleman and himself had
differed, and that difference had led to this debate.
He thought that, before he should close, he should
be able to convince the committee, and, perhaps,
the gentlemarrhimself, that all the material parts
of his speech, to which the gentleman had on
yesterday attempted a reply, so far from being
weakened by that reply, were fortified and strength-
ened. And he thought he should also be able to
show that the gentleman had, in fact, replied to
his own speech, heretofore made, and had refuted
some of the main positions he had there taken.
What was the original point of controversy, to
which the gentleman returned on yesterday? In
the speech to which his (Mr. T.'s) former one was
a reply, it had been asserted that it was communi-
cated to Congress in December, 1845, that General
Taylor had been " assigned to the defence of the
country west to the Rio Grande." He had said,
and he should now repeat it, although not at all
necessary to his present design, that no such com-
munication had been made to Congress. He then
showed, by reference to the President's message
of December, 1845, that the President did not com-
municate it; that he merely informed Congress
that General Taylor had been ordered to take posi-
tion between the Nueces and the Rio Grande, and that
everybody knew at that time, that the point occu-
pied by him was Corpus Christi. Nowhere was
it said by the President that General Taylor had
been ordered to the Rio Grande, or to defend the
Rio Grande, or to maintain it as the boundaiy of
Te.xas. But, that the Administration might have
the full benefit of the admission, (if it were, m fact,
an admission at all,) he had further stated, that the
Secretary of War, in his communication to Con-
gress, in December, 1845, did avow that his ultimate
purpose was the defence of the territory of the Rio
Grande, and the maintenance of that river as the
boundary of Texas. He did not then pretend to
quote the words of the Secretary of War. He
merely undertook to state the substance of his re-
port upon that particular point, and to show that
even the Secretary had informed Congress of no
such fact as that General Taylor had, at that time,
been " assigned to the defence of the country west
to the Rio Grande." The gentleman fiom Mary-
land [Mr. McLane] did, however, on yesterday,
insist that he (Mr. T.) was guilty of both the sin
of omission and of commission, in misstating some
portion of the history of these events, and in fail-
ing to state other portions of it. And, m order to
make good his charge, he had found it necessary
to assert that the Secretary of War did not report
to Congress, as he (Mr. T.) had admitted, which
admission he had made with the sole view that
he should do no injustice to the Administration.
Now, it was not important to his (Mr. T.'s) origi-
nal argument, nor was it now impoitant to him
whether the Secretary so reported or no; for if he
did not so report, and the President did not so re-
port, then Congress was not informed, as the gen-
tleman had asserted, that General Taylor had been
"assigned to the defence of the Rio Grande:"
Does not the gentleman see, therefore, that his
argument ot yesterday is a complete refutation of
that made in his original speech; and that while
he has insisted, in the one, that this information
was given to Congress, he has insisted, in the other,
that it was not. He will find it difficult to extri-
cate himself from this contradiction of himself.
Mr. T. said he had conceived it to be important
to know, whether or no, at the session in Decem-
ber, 1845, Congress had knowledge of the fact,
that General Taylor had been ordered to advance
