1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
413
the army to the valley of the Rio Grande, or
whether or no the President designed to give such
order. This was one of the questions of the pres-
ent controversy; and he did not hesitate to repeat,
what he had heretofore said, that no such order
■was made known to Congress and the country,
and that, if such an order were then contemplated,
it was known only to the Executive and those to
whom his secrets were confided.
Mr. McLANE desired to explain; and Mr.
Thompson having yielded the floor for that pur-
pose, he said, that the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Thompson,] in his original speech, had un-
dertaken to controvert the point that General Tay-
lor was assigned to a position for the defence of
the territory west to the Rio Grande; but that he
now undertook to answer a position which he
[Mr. McLane] had not taken—which was, that
the President had ordered General Taylor to the
Rio Grande.
Mr. THOMPSON continued. He said he would
explain the gentleman's true position by reference
to his first speech, and insisted that he should abide
by what he had there avowed. He read from that
speech, to show that the gentleman had argued
tnat the act of Congress admitting Texas into the
Union, and consummating annexation, had adopted
the Rto Grande as the boundary of Texas, because
it had been communicated to Congress before that
act was passed, that General Taylor was " des-
tined to defend and protect the soil of Texas," the
" western frontier" of which was the Rio Grande.
How did the gentleman reach this conclusion?
Was it by merely setting up the claim to the Rio
Grande, with the purpose of ultimately pressing it
to consummation, that we were to derive title? If
the claim were a good one, why had it not been
asserted at once, and without delay ? If the lliu
Grande was the "western frontier" of Texas, why
had General Taylor been sent only to the Nueces,
when the avowed object of the Government was
the protection of that frontier? Did not the gen-
tleman see, that the annunciation of the design—
whether by the President or Secretary of War—of
ultimately going to the Rio Grande, could have no
reference whatsoever to any legislation predicated
upon the then existing state of thmg3, and which
was had before any attempt was made to carry-
that design into execution? But the force of the
gentleman's answer to this is, that tho legislation
of Congress adopted the intention of the Executive,
and made it a part of the law of the land. Why,
sir, (said Mr. P.,) there is no sort of justification
for such a process of reasoning, if, indeed, it can
be called reasoning at all. The President, through
the Secretary of War, avowed the design of ulti-
mately occupying the valley of the Rio Grande as
the western boundary of Texas; but Congress, by
the joint resolution of annexation, had expicasly
disavowed the intention of involving the Govern-
ment in such a movement. That resolution pro-
vided, that the boundary between Mexico and
Texas should be settled by negotiation, not by the
partisan resolves of Mr. Polk and his Cabinet. It
was binding upon the President and the country,
and die violation of its provisions by the President
was a flagrant and palpable dereliction of duty.
And for such an act of usurpation and wrong,
theie was not found the slightest apology in what
was set up in the original spceeh of the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. McLanc,] nor were the in-
ferences of that speech at all justified by the facts
from which he had attempted to deduce them.
^ The whole point of controversy was a plain and
simple one. bid Congress know, when the reso-
lution to annex Texas was passed, that General
Taylor had been ordered to march to the Rio
Grande? The gentleman from Maryland had said,
in his first speech, that Congress did know that he
" had been assigned to the defence of the country xoest
to the Rio Grande." H6w he could be " assigned to
the defence" of the valley of the Rio Grande, and
yet have no authority to march there with his army,
Mr. T. acknowledged his utter inability to compre-
hend. He had supposed that the gentleman's lan-
guage was capable ofjust the interpretation which
iie had given it, and he still thinks that it is so.
He does not know of any rule of interpretation other
than tiiat which gives to the gentleman's words the
meaning he has attached to them. And under-
standing them as he did when he made his former
speech, and as he still does, he then said, and again
repeated, that no such information was communi-
cated to Congress either by the President or the
Secretary of War. If it had been, then he agreed
that the act admitting Texas into this Union would
have adopted the Rio Grande as the boundary, and
there would have been no necessity for the subse-
quent order of the 13th of January, 1846. The
issuance of that order by the President shows that
he did not regard any previous one as giving Gen-
eral Taylor authority to go beyond Corpus Christi;
and the letters of General Taylor show that he did
not intend to go beyond there until positively or-
dered by the Government to do so. If left to him-
self, he never would have marched the army to the
Rio Grande, but would have been content to guard
what, at the time he marched to Corpus Christi,
was understood and known to be the western fron-
tier of Texas—just as he had formerly done on
our own frontier at the posts upon the southwest-
ern border. But he did not carc to press this part
of the controversy further. He had alVeady taken
up more time with it than he had wished or de-
signed.
The gentleman from Maryland had fallen into
error as to what he supposed was his (Mr. T.'s)
use of the words " ultimate destination;" and had
read from the annual report of the Secretary of
War to show that no such words had been em-
ployed by him. He (Mr. T.) had already said
that he had not designed to quote the words of the
Secretary of War in that report. His object was
merely to state the substance of what he had com-
municated to Congress. He knew perfectly well
that the term u ulnmate destination" was first used
by Mr. Bancroft in June, 1^45, in his despatch
from the War Department; and that tins despatch
was not communicated to Congress until after the
war had commenced, it accompanied the war
message of the Piesident of the ilth of May, 1846.
But, although not employed, m December, 1845,
by the Secretary of War,it was perfectly apparent,
from what he hud said, and what the President
had said, that it was the design of the Adminis-
tration that Us ultimate policy would be the occu-
pation of the valley of the Rio Grande. It was
also apparent, from General Taylor's letters, that
he understood this design. Yet, while all this was
so, and the purpose oPgoing to the Rio Grande
was thus foreshadowed, it was, beyond question,
true, that Congress had no information that any
steps had then been taken to execute this design.
That being the case, any attempt to do so, with
the resolution of annexation still in force, was a
violation of the express terms of that resolution,
and placed the President in the attitude of judging
for himself what he should do, wholly irrespective
of Congress and the people. As Congress de-
termined that the question of boundary should be
settled by negotiation, the President had no right to
settle it in any other way; and it was a llagrant
outiage upon the lights of the people, when he
usurped the power to determine where the bound-
ary should be, and to maintain it by the sword.
All that he (Mr. T.) had insisted on was, that the
President had resolved that he would so maintain
it, at the time he communicated to Congress his
message of December, 1845; but that he had not
so declared this purpose as even to cause the sus-
picion, upon the part of anybody not familiar with
fus Cabinet secrets, that he intended to move the
army to the Rio Grande without the authority of
law. Certainly he had made no effort to move it
there until the order of 13th of January, 1846; and
that order, issued when Congress was in session,
and without its knowledge, violated the act of an-
nexation, the Constitution of the United States,
and was an unprecedented assault upon the rights
of the people.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. McLane]
had also stated on yesterday, that he (Mr. T.) had
fallen into error in regard to the extent of the coun-
ty of San Patricio. He (Mr. T.) had asserted,
that before the independence of Texas, the county
of San Patricio extended only to the Nueces river;
but that afterwards, it had been extended so as to
embrace Corpus Christi. The gentleman said, on
yesterday, that, by an act of the Texan Legisla-
ture, passed in 1842 or 1843, it was extended to
the Rio Grande. This was in confirmation of what
he (Mr. T.) had said. The point to which this
county was extended, after Texan independence,
was in no way material. The only question was,
whether the revolutionary title of Texas extended
beyond the Nueces? The fact now stated by the
gentleman from Maryland proved that it did not
extend beyond the Nueces. If it had, wherefore
the necessity of passing an act of the Texan Con-
gress to extend it beyond that point? The truth
was—and the gentleman's argument yesterday
was an admission of it—that Texas has no title
beyond the Nueces, except that which she'has
acquired since her revolution, by her own legis-
lation. This is no title at ail, as he (Mr. T.)
had shown in his former speech; for Texas had
never maintained jurisdiction beyond the settle-
ments around Corpus Christi, except that jurisdic-
tian which she had been able to maintain since the
war began, by the military power of this Govern-
ment. Whatever rights thus acquired, are the
rights of a conqueror, under the law of nations,
and subject to determination at the close of the
war.
The gentleman from Maryland—passing to what
he seemed to regard as the most important part of
the controversy between them—had insisted with
great earnestness that he was right in that position >
in his first speech, wherein he charged that General
Taylor, in his letter of October 4,1845, had advised
the movement to the Rio Grande as a measure of
political and diplomatic policy. He (Mr. T.) in-
tended to have no quarrel with the gentleman as
to the meaning either of the term political or diplo-
matic; but he did before, and he now did again,
and should hereafter repeat it, if it became neces-
sary, take issue with him on the point whether or
no General Taylor did intend to make a political
recommendation to the Administration. He con-
fidently appealed to the often-expressed opinion of
General Taylor on that subject, and was fully pre-
pared to maintain, as he had before done, from
those expressed opinions, that he never intended!
to make, and never did make,any recommendation
of a political character to this Government. Every
word that lie said had exclusive reference to what
lie understood to be the fixed policy of the Admin-
istration, whose orders he, as a military comman-
der, was bound to obey. What did he, or could
he, know of the secret designs of Mr. Polk and hiss
Cabinet ? And if he had known them, what sym-
pathies had he with tfhem or those who cherished
them ? Did he participate with Mr. Polk in the
wish to ingulf the whole of Mexico, and to wrest
from it any portion of its territory? Was lie so
fond of war that he thirsted for Mexican-blood ?
Did he know the true nature of our relations with
Mexico? Had he been informed of the instruc-
tions to Mr. Slidell, which the President now refuses
to communicate to us, the representatives of the
people? General Taylor's whole life, and all that
he has written and said on the subject of this war*
prove beyond controversy, that he took no part in
the Presidential counsels, and that he had no inten-
tion of advising the movements of the Administra-
tion. It was wholly out of his line of duty to do
so. As a military commander he had nothing to
do with the Government policy of .settling bound-
ary lines or acquiring territory. His duty re-
quired him to defend the country to its just and
true limits, and to go beyond those limits only in
the event of being ordered to do so by the superior
power of the Government. He did go, not pur-
suant to any political or diplomatic policy which he
had recommended, but in subordination to the.
President of the United States, who, as comman-
der-in-chief of the army, had ordered him to do
so.
If the order of the 13th of January, 1846, were
a rightful order, if it were given according to law
and the Constitution, if the public interest required
that it should be issued, and if it were necessary
to the maintenance of the honor or rights of the
country, why is it that the gentleman from Mary-
land and other defenders of the President, labor
so hard to relieve the President from the responsi-
bility ofissuing it, and to place itupon the old hero
of Buena Vista and Monterey ? If there is so much
patriotism in the advocacy of the war and its con-
tinuance until Mexico is entirely subdued, why
are the President and his friends so desirous to
shrink from the honor of having brought it on ?
That is, he could assure the gentleman, not the
way in which General Taylor does his work. It
was his rule to " ask no favors, and shrink from
no responsibility;" and he (Mr. T.) thought, that
by firmly maintaining this rule of conduct, as he
believed he would, he would vet express himself so
fully in regard to this war, that there would be no
mistaking his sentiments. Gentlemen here will find
themselves wholly unable to persuade the country
that he brought on the war. The mind of tho country
