414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
is already made up on that question. And being
made up, it is convinced of the unkindness "With
which gentlemen are here treating General Taylor,
by insisting that he was the cause of the war, when
they know fuli well that he only marched from
Corpus Christi when ordered to do so by the Pres-
ident, and declared to the Administration that he
would not march until he was so ordered.
He (Mr. T.) did not perceive the present im-
portance of it, but the gentleman from Maryland
(Mr. McLane) had also asserted on yesterday,
that while General Taylor was in Louisiana, he
was ordered not to march into Texas before her
annexation was consummated. He could scarcely
refrain from smiling when he heard the gentleman
make the remark.
Mr. McLANE desired to explain. He had not
said, before her annexation was consummated, but
before the people of Texas had given their assent
to the terms of annexation proposed to them.
Mr. THOMPSON continued. He confessed that
he had not sufficient acuteness of discrimination to
understand the difference between that acceptance
and actual annexation. Whenever Texas accepted
the terms of our joint resolution, she became, to
ail intents and purposes, as much a part of this
country as she is now; and the President was just
as much bound to defend her, to her true limits,
after that was done, as he was after she was ad-
mitted as a State into the Union.
Mr. McLANE again interrupted Mr. T. What
he said was not distinctly hcaid, but was under-
stood to be a repetition, in substance, of what he
had said when last up.
Mr, THOMPSON continued. General Taylor
was ordered by Mr.Donelson,on the 28th of June,
2845, to march into Texas and take position at
Corpus Christi. Now, he would thank the gen-
tleman to tell him how this order of 28th June
could have reference to a contingency that must de-
pend on a popular act, afterwards to be performed ?
Texas did not consent to come into this Union un-
til that consent was given by her convention which
met on the 4th of July, 3845. General Taylor was
instructed to march into Texas before that accept-
ance. The order to march theie was given pursu-
ant to the instructions of this Government, it was
therefore true, beyond question, that there was a '
hot haste about this filing which had plunged the
nation into all its present difficulties. j
Mr. T. would now proceed to notice that part j
of the gentleman's speech which had reference !
to collection districts in Texas, upon the facts in '
regaid to which the gentlemnn from Maryland
and himsrilf were at issue. That gentleman had
at first said that Texas had, by an act of Con-
gress, been divided into hoo collection districts, the
western boundary of one of which was the Rio
Grande, lie had, on the other hand, shown, by
the law itself, that the whole State of Texas con-
stituted but one collection district, of which Corpus
Christi was the extreme western limit. After his
former speech was made, he had looked into the
reports from the Ticasury Derailment, had exam-
ined the Blue Hook, and every other source of in-
formation upon which he could lay his hands, and
had been unable to find any other reference to this j
district than that which he had made in his speech
and in the note attached to it. Nowhere in any ■
public document or m any book, could he find the j
appointment of an inspector of customs at Point ■
Isabel. Tic had therefore stated, that no such offi- !
cer had ever been appointed. What the Adminis-
tration may or may not have done since the war '
begun lias nothing to do with the question; for it ,
has now appointed officers of the customs in many
of the poi(s of Mexico. These appointments are
made by virtue of rights claimed by the President as
a military conqueror. But there is no public record
of any civil appointment of an inspector at Point
Isabel made either before or since the war be«-an.
3 Te has, at all events, searched for and has been,
unaufe to find any such; and he does not believe
that any such can be found. He has heard, some j
time ago, that there is a military inspector of cus- i
toms at Point Isabel, but no such civil officer of!
this Government there. He does not know how !
the fact is; but he does know, that if the President I
or the Secretary of the Treasury has appointed j
such a civil officer there, it has been done without i
authority of law, as ir is not within any collection :
district of the United States. And he also knows, 1
that if such appointment has been made, no report i
of it has been made heretofore to Congress or the
country. It has never been officially communi-
cated, nor had he, or the House, or the country,
received any public notice thereof until the gen-
tleman from Maryland read some letters here,
on yesterday, which he had obtained at the office
of the Secretary of the Treasury. There was some-
thing very singular, to his mind, about this mode
of conducting public business; but it seemed to be
a favorite mode with this Administration. When
he (Mr. T.) had spoken, in his former speech, of
the order to General Taylor to march to the Rio
Grande having been given before the President
knew that Mr. Slidell was rejected, he had been
told by the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Rhett] that the fact of Mr. Slidell's rejection was
communicated to the Government in a paper which
had not yet, even to the present day, been made
public. H§ then asked the gentleman from South
Carolina where he had procured a sight of that
paper, and his response was, that he had seen it,
but a day or two before, in the Department of
War. He repeated, that it is a most singular mode
of proceeding, that the Government should have
certain documents which ought to be public, re-
served for only the sight of the friends of the Admin-
istration, when nobody else knew their contents,
: to be used here just as the occasion might require,
j That was precisely the character of the mforma-
j tion yesterday communicated by the gentleman
! from Maryland in relation toon inspector at Point
i Isabel. But, notwithstanding it was thus, for the
I first time, made public, it proved nothing more than
I what he (Mr. T.) had already said—that this m-
| spector was a military officer. The letter from the
i collector at Galveston to the Secretary of the Treas-
j ury, which the gentleman had read, was dated Feb-
; ruary 19, 1846, more than one month after General
j Taylor icast ordered to the Rio Grande. His letter
| recommended an inspector to be appointed at Point
; Isabel, and gave as a reason therefor that he had
: been "advised that the United States forces now
| 4 [then] stationed at 4 Corpus Christi'aie [weie]
1 1 under oidas to remove'' there. This shows that
I the necessity of this appointment was occasioned
! by the movements of the army, and that the ap-
; pointment was a military one. Under this recom- j
I mendation, it was made by the Secretary of the 1
Treasury, on the 9th of March, 1846, nearly two ,
months after General Taylor had been ordered to j
the Rio Grande. Here, then, was a solution of ,
the whole matter. The inspector was a military I
officer, not responsible to any law of the United i
States, but alone to the President and the Secretary |
of the Tieasury He had no doubt that, if the j
whole truth could be got at, it would turn out, that |
at this day, the customs were collected there under
the military orders in council and the tariff of duties
which the President and his Secretaries had caused
to be issued. By the same authority they had ap-
pointed collectors and inspectors at Vera Cruz and
Tampico.
M r. McLANE (Mr. T. yielding for explanation)
would stateJ.o the committee and to the gentleman !
from Indiana, wro seemed to have foigotten what ]
the law of the land was about inspectors of cus- ,
toms, that the laws of the United States required i
the collector of a district to nominate the inspector, ;
and that he should be confirmed by the Secietary ■
of the Treasury. That was a civil office, known '
to the laws of the land; and that civil officer was
at Point Isabel But (he was understood to say) ■
no such civil officers were at Vera Cruz and Tarn- !
pico; they were military officers. |
Mr. THOMPSON continued. He presumed [
he knew, perhaps as well as the gentleman him- ;
self did, that, by the acts of Congiessof 1799 and 1
1804, the power to appoint inspectors was given
to the Secretary of the Treasury, upon the nomi- ;i
nation of the collector. But that did not, m any j
manner, change this question. This is a question
of power. Had either the President or his Secre- i[
Ury of the Treasury the power to act m defiance l!
of an act of Congress, which pointed out where |i
these officers should be located, and appoint an j!
officer beyond the limits fixed by law ? Had either !;
the President or his "chancellor of the Exchequer"
the civil power to act upon the nomination of an '!
inspector from a collectoi at Monterey on the Pa- ||
cific ? or could they, by virtue of any civil authority, j,
order an officer of the United States to reside there.-'
He repeated that the whole question was one of .j
power. Neither the President nor the Secretory j'
of the Treasury had the power: they acted alone !i
under military authority. jj
He (Mr. T.) thought he had now shown the
committee, and the gentleman from Maryland,
that so far from weakening any position which had
been taken by him, (Mr. T.,) in his original
speech, every single one had been strengthened
and fortified by the argument of the gentleman on
yesterday. That which the gentleman seemed to
consider the most important difference between
them, could not now but be fully understood: he
meant the appointment of inspector at Point Isa-
bel. He would repeat, that there might be no
mistake as to his position, that if the Secretary of
the Treasury, by virtue of the military power given
him by the President, had thought proper to ap-
point such an officer, it had been clone m defiance
of law, and the country had no information of it
in any part of the public history, until it was fur-
nished to the gentleman from Maryland in a pri-
vate letter from the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. McLANE. Private ?
Mr. THOMPSON said he meant a letter ad-
dressed to the gentleman as a member of this
House.
Mr. McLANE said it was a copy from the
record.
Mr. THOMPSON continued. It was a copy
from a record of which neither this House nor the
country had any information whatsoever, until it
was brought here by the gentleman himself, and
read in his speech on yesterday. It was furnished
j him privately, by the Secretary of the Treasury,
| to defend the Administration against the charge of
| violating a law of Congress. But he would not
l dwell longer upon this question. He wanted, be-
fore he sat down, to notice another part of the
gentleman's speech, which was not a reply to any
of the arguments of his (Mr. T's) former one.
The gentleman seemed very anxious to place him
(Mr. T.) before the country, not onlv as a Whig,
but as a Clay Whig, or a Taylor Whig; he be-
lieved the gentleman had not been able to settle, in
his own mind, to which class he belonged. Now
the gentleman lepresenied him correctly in calling
him a "ithole Whig," for he did profess to be avjkole
Whig. Still he was not here as the especial de-
fender either of Mr. Clay or General Taylor. They
needed no defence from him. But he would take
this occasion to say, that it did not become the
gentleman from Maryland, nor his political friends,
to exhibit so much anxiety to strike at the repu-
tation of General Taylor. The old warrior had
been buffeted about quite enough by the Admin-
istration itself. Not only have they endeavored
to shut his mouth, when he had dared to express
his opinions on the subject of the war, (as he
did m his letter to General Gaines,) by reviving
an old and obsolete order of the War Department,
but they have studiously endeavored to deprive
him of his well-earned fame. Mr. Polk did not
want to hear what General Taylor had to say on
the political policy of the Government. The mo-
ment he undertook to say what, in his judgment, it
should be, it was attempted to deprive him of the
privilege of writing a word to anybody but the
officers of the Government, who should expose to
the public only that which the President chose to
communicate to Congress. But that was not the
true object of the hostility of the President to
General Taylor. He saw the possibility that
General Taylor might become a favorite with the
people, and this was quite enough for him to know.
From that hour the veteran soldier was destined to
be sacrificed, if there was strength enough in the
Presidential arm to do it. Accordingly, his force
at Buena Yista was reduced to a mere handful of
men. Nearly all the regular soldiers whom he
had tried in the valley of the Rio Grande and at
Monteiey, were taken fiom him. He was left
only in command of untried volunteers, who had
never heard the report of a hostile gun, almost in
the heart of Mexico, surrounded by embarrass-
ments on every side, with the best appointed
forces of Mexico in his front, commanded by the
general who had been sent to Mexico by Mr. Polk,
and who then had a force more than four times the
number of his own. This was but a part of the
policy of this Administration towards General
Taylor. But, thanks to him and his brave little
army, he had alike foiled the puny efforts of a jeal-
ous Executive, and added new honors to his own
name, and fresh glory to his country.
He had a few words to say, before he sat down,
about the extreme anxiety which the gentleman
from Maryland had exhibited, to place the Whig
