1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
415
party in the most awkward predicament of being
greatly divided on a candidate for the Presidency.
It was of very little importance to this country how
he or the gentleman from Maryland intended to
vote on the question of the Presidency. He would
say to the honorable gentleman, however, if he laid
the flattering unction to h is soul that the Whig party
was so divided as he had represented, he was vastly
mistaken. There were a great many men in that par-
ty, who were prepared, whenever the crisis might
call for the surrender of individual preferences and
feelings, to buckle on their armor in the common
defence of the Constitution, and the rescue of the
country from the fearful evils which beset it. We,
(said Mr. T.,) it is true, from particular reasons,
have individual preferences; but there is some-
thing in this great controversy higher than men— I!
than the elevation of any particular candidate to j
the Presidency. The security, the salvation of i
the Constitution^is the great question to be tried, i
In a contest of this sort we are prepared to rear
the old banner under which we nave fought
in former times, and do duty to the glorious
Constitution of our fatheis; and whether under
the banner of Mr. Clay, who has long stood fore-
most among the most distinguished statesmen
of our country; or whether under that of Gen-
eral Taylor, who has fought our battles and
covered himself all over with glory, who "asks
no favor and shrinks from no responsibility;" 1
or whether under the banner of some of the other
illustrious men who are scattered all over this
Union; we will go into the contestas if animated by
one spirit, and having but one common object-
party had spoken,) that in this contest the candi- |! ernment. Looking to South America, we see even
date of the g#Hleman's party, whoever he might Jj there they are throwing themselves into the arms
be, would find a competitor with whom he might !
expect to enter into no mean or childish contest. !
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, here interposed, :
and, Mr. T. yielding, said he understood the gen- J
tleman from Indiana to refer to a rumor that the i
President had circumvented his Cabinet, by sending 1
secret instructions to Mr. Trist. He desired to 1
know whether he understood the honorable gen- (
tleman to make such a charge ? j
Mr. THOMPSON. Not at all; certainly not. ,
He knew nothing at all of the secrets at the other
of this Administration for protection. The inhab-
itants of Venezuela ask shelter from us. Whe"re
are we to stop? He asked, in God's name, where
are we to stop?
We have been plunged into this condition by
the President of the United States, not by the peo-
ple of the country. It has been done by the Pres-
ident, not under the recommendation of General
Taylor, but under his own stern, stubborn, ob-
stinate will. Where, he repeated, are we to stop?
It is easy to plunge this country into war. A
end of the avenue. He had not even a personal i weak, ambitious, imbecile President by a single
acquaintance with the gentleman who occupies the
Presidential chair, consequently he could not know
what were the secret purposes of his Admmistra- ;|
tion. All he knew about this matterwas obtained i't
from an artiele in the leading French paper of New
York, winch came to this city yesterday. He ;
made no endorsement of the charge. ,]
Mr. STANTON. I have it within my know- y
ledge to say that the statement is absolutely false.
Mr. THOMPSON resuming. I am glad to hear
it, for- the sake of the President of the United
States. The honorable gentleman then dpes know j
what are the secrets of the President! |
Whfit he had said to the honoiable gentleman |
from Maryland (Mr. T. remarked) had been i
prompted by no unkind feeling. It was merely a 1
difference of interpretation—of construction be- !
tween the gentleman and himself. And as such ;
were the sentiments which he experienced towards
the gentleman from Maryland, that gentleman
stroke of the pen, may get us into a long, expen-
sive, ruinous war; but it demands all the sagacity,
ail the wisdom, all the true-hearted patriotism of
the country, to get us out of it. The incendiary
may set fire to our building, but it requires a mul-
titude, with well-directed efforts, to extinguish it.
The President may hurl his country almost over
the precipice; but it requires all the patriotism of
all our wisest and best statesmen to save it. He
trusted in God it would be saved. Their only re-
liance was on the public virtue of the notion. If
that is not exercised, and exercised speedily, he.
could not but foresee a dark and gloomy fate for
the country.
Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, next addressed
the committee, directing his remarks to a subject
which it seemed to him had not received that con-
sideration from the two Houses of Congress and
from the American people which its impoitance,
'udjjment, required, viz: to the objects and
the enduring prosperity and happiness of our conn- jt would permit him to oiler to him a piece of friendly purposes which this Administration had been seek-
try. Why, does the gentleman suppose we have " 1 17   • — 1  '• 1    
fot nobody else but General Taylor and Mr. Clay?
,ct him look ail river this Union, am! we can point
to those under whose banner the Whig party could
rally with hope and confidence. Massachusetts
can boast her Webster, the able defender of the
Constitution; Delaware, her Clayton; Pennsylva-
nia, her Sergeant and Binnev; New York, her
Fillmore; Ohio, her McLean, Corwin, and Ewing;
Kentucky, her Crittenden; Tennessee, her Bell;
North Carolina, her Mangum and Badger; South
Carolina, her Preston. These were all men whom
Whigs delight to honor. And there were others
scattered all over the country—not only in public
life,but m private life—men far more distinguished
for intellect and patriotism than he who now dis-
advice. He (Mr. T.) had a little more experience
as a member of this House than the gentleman
had, and this expeiience had .satisfied him that a
member might not presume too much upon his
reputation here. He would therefore Ray, with
kindness, to the gentleman, that it would be well
for them both to imitate the example of older
and more experienced members, who did not
speak so often as to wear out the patience of the
House.
Whatever might be the verdict (Mr. T. pro-
ceeded to rcmaik) passed here upon the great
questions of controversy which excited the nation,
the people of this country, from one end to the
other, would investigate these questions for them-
They would declare, by their own po-
selves, < . ,
penscs power at the other end of the avenue. || tential voice, what should be done. Gentlemen,
But the gentleman's own political friends, he |! he knew, were in the habit of saying they
understood, had a good many family quarrels, a I j could anticipate the result of the Presidential
good many family jars, which it might be rather j| contest. He could not. Would to God he could.
   ' '' 1 '1 * ' When gentlemen on the other side should have
brought" out a distinguished man of their party,
and put liitn in nomination, and when his party
should have done the same, no man could tell the
result, tie feared it; he feared it for the Consti-
tution; he feared it for the country. All he could
more difficult to reconcile. 11c had undcistood
that the gentleman who sat at the other end of the
avenue had himself set up pretentions for reo'ee-
tion, hut that .i lari;e. portion of his friends were
unwilling to make hini their candidate, for two
prominent reasons: first, because he admitted Santa
Anna into Mexico; and second, because rumor,
with her ten thousand tongues, says he has circum-
vented his Cabinet by giving secret instructions to
Trist when he had said publicly that he had recalled
him. Then he understood that a distinguished
gentleman from Pennsylvania was sometimes
talked of, but he was denounced here as having
been an opposer of the hist war. Then there was
a distinguished Senator from Michigan who was
an aspirant, yet it was hinted that he had been
on both sides of the Wiimot proviso. There was
to accomplish by the prosecution of the exist-
ing war with Mexico. Passing over the question
of the origin of the war, and admitting, for the sake
of argument, that the President of the United States
had a right to order the army to the Rio Grande;
assuming, for the sake of argument—and he made
these admissions and assumptions for no other pur-
pose—the validity of the claim advanced by the
Administration o?the clear and indisputable nature
of our title to the Rio Grande; assuming that the
reiterated asseverations of the President of the Uni-
ted States that Mexico was the aggressor were
well-founded, that she invaded the territory of the
United States, and that, by an attack on Captain
Thornton's command on the 24th April, 1846, she
wasguiltyofshcdding American blood upon Amer-
ican ~soil, he asked if the aggression thus made
upon our territory was not repelled, if the victories
of Palo Alto and Resaca dc hi Pnlmaweie not suf-
ficient vindications of the honor and integrity of
our country ? Was it not sufficient for our aimy,
under the lead of the gallant, the successful Tay-
lor, to have scattered the Mexican forces before
them as chaff? 1 fad we been content to remain on
this side of the Iiio Grande, did any human being
believe that this gasconading, vainglorious, cow-
say, was, that every true-hearted patriot would do ,■ ardly race of Mexicans would have ever dared to
his duty to the Constitution, and leave the issue ;j come on this side of the Rio Grande for the pur-
in the hands of the people and of God. He trust- j| pose of assailing the American arms?
ed and hoped that the public virtue of this country jj But this Administration, not content with repel-
was not yet destroyed. He trusted and hoped !| ling aggression, as they claimed, had seen fit to
that the strong arm of this Executive, exercised ]i invade the Republic of Mexico; to send an army
in defiance of popular judgment, of the popular ji into Upper California and New Mexico, to organ-
will, of the Constitution, and of the law, had not || jZe an expedition of a very extraordinary charac-
yet stricken down that attachment which the peo- jj ter under General Wool to capture Chihuahua,
pic had been accustomed to feel for the institutions |j and to take possession of Tamauhpas, New Leon,
of our country. He trusted and believed that there |
also the honorable gentleman who was now second j was yet enough^ot public virtue left to defend the
" ' ' Constitution i *its purity, and save it from ruin.
Where are wc? (said he.) Where do we stand? j
We may wrangle here as we please. We may ,
enter into the arena of partisan discussion in this
Hall, and divert our own minds, and the minds of ,
in oflice under the Government, whose name was
associated with Mr. Polk's in the last canvass, but
it was brought against him that he wrote the bill
for the rechaiter of the United States Bank. When-
ever that party should have settled their differ-
ences, (if they should succeed in so doing,) and
have brought out their man, and put their harness
on, let him tell them, that every true and gallant
Whig, whether under the banner of Mr. Clay or
General Taylor, would be found prepared to do
his duty manfully for the defence of the Constitu-
tion and the country. He was authorized to speak
for none but himself, but the gentleman properly
interpreted him when he said that he (Mr. T.) was
a " whole Whig." This need not be told to his
constituents or to those who knew him. From ins
very boyhood he had tried to do service in that
florious cause. He was proud to be"called a Whig,
t was the highest title he wished to wear; and he
now told the gentleman, (without telling him for
whom he might go until the great voice of the
and Coahuila. Not satisfied with thus capturing
some eight or tep of the noi thern States of Mexico,
the interior of the country was penetrated, by the
way of Vera Cruz, to the very heart of the repub-
lic. as the President would have it, expending one
hundie l millions of money, and, as he verily be-
lieved, at least thirty-five thousand lives of the
the people; but we are in the midst of a great :■ American citizen
PvJssle Whf>t qhnll h«> is asked everywheie. And why had all this been done? What had
been the policy of the Administration in thus pros-
ecuting this war in this most extraordinary man*
ner? It would be impossible, he said, for him to
discuss this question fully under present circum-
stances, without referring to the^ treaty of peace
which it was said had been negotiated m the Clty
of Mexico, either with or without the authority of
our Government, which had been brought to this
crisis. What shall be done
We have been engaged in war—in a devastating,
ruinous war—with a sister republic. We have
now the flattering prospect of peace. What shall
we do with that peace, if we make peace? What
will be the result of our acquisitions, if we make
acquisitions of territory? Who can tell ? If we
do not make peace, where are we to stop? Are
we to go forward with our conquering arms, and
'* ^ IWUJVJ, , UUl WUH.IIIIKVHV, •; "lv"   V ,
overrun and subjugate the whole of Mexico, and ]; city, and it was said was now pending oeroie we
•' • . ■  fir j branch of the National Legislature. In
the whole of this continent? We are told that the
people of the northern States of Mexico, not em-
braced in the treaty, are petitioning for admission
into this Union, it is known that a commissioner
from Yucatan is asking the protection of thia Gov-
sneaking of it, he spoke from 110 sources of infor-
ation except those common to all the members of
the House; and he spoke 011 his responsibility
alone. He also intended to speak with modera-
