416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2.
tion, with caution, as it was a subject of the utmost
delicacy, of the utmost importance.
Was it not extraordinary that we should have
now pending before one department of this Gov-
ernment the question whether the boundaries of
the United States should be extended to an immense
extent; whether vast regions of country should be
brought within our jurisdiction and subjected to
our laws; that the question should be pending
whether a foreign people, who speak not our lan-
guage, who know nothing of our institutions,
should be brought within the limits of the United
States of America; whether the Government of the
United States should be committed, in addition to
all its vast expenditures in the prosecution of this
war, in addition to the $100,000,000, and he thought
he might safely say the $150,000,000, and the fear-
ful sacrifice of life,—was it not strange that the
question should be pending whether, in addition to
alt these, we should put ourselves under obligations
for a sum of no less than $21,000,000, and yet
the representatives of the people not be informed
one word about it? It might be said that they
would have an opportunity to pronounce upon it
when, after it was ratified—in case it should be
ratified—the House of Representatives was called
upon to vote appropriations to carry it into effect.
But did not every man know that they would then
be placed in a position where they would be forccd
to appropriate? Yet not one word was communi-
cated by the President to the representatives of the
people upon this subject.
He knew that the Executive was under no con-
stitutional obligations to take advice of the imme-
diate representatives of the people; but he should
suppose, when he entertained so extraordinary a
proposition as this, that he would desire to learn
what might be the views of the House of Repre-
sentatives upon it; for, he repeated, when the treaty
shoulti be ratified it would oe the supreme law of
the land. The territory would have been acquired
and subjected to our laws, the people would have
come under our jurisdiction, and the House of Rep-
resentatives would be forccd to make the necessary
appropriations to give it effect. The obligation
rested on the House. It was so held by General
Jackson and the two Houses of Congress m rela-
tion to the Ficnch treaty m 1831, where the French
Government agreed to pay twenty-five millions
francs by instalments, and the French Chamber of
Deputies refused to make the appropriation. Did
not our Government treat that as a most outrage-
ous breach of faith, and were we not on the very
point of going to war with France to enforce that
treaty ?
What objects and purposes, then, had this
Administration been seeking to accomplish by this
war, and what did it seek by this treaty ? Whether
it should be latified or not, was a matter in refer-
ence to which he did not express any opinion. If
that question was thrown into his hands for decis-
ion he should feel that there was devolved on him
a fearful responsibility—a choice on the one hand
between a war which was fraught with awful evils
to our common country, and on the other hand a
treaty which he greatly feared would ultimately
produce calamities not less direful to the country
than the prosecution of the war itself.
lie called the attention of the House and the
country to the surprising change in the language
made use of by the Administration and its fi lends,
in relation to their objects and purposes, during
the progress of the war. When it was first com-
menced we were told that their object was to " con-
quer a peace," and the friends of the Administration
on this floor and elsewhere insisted that it should
he a short war and a glorious war. But not turn-
i ng ou t so, it had become necessary for the President
and his friends to modify their hmguage, and they
then insisted that the objects of t* war were " in-
demnity for the past and security for the future."
What was meant by these words no human being
was aide to tell. In his annual message at the
commencement of the last session of Congress, the
President totally disclaimed all idea ot'conquest.
But at the present session he modified his language
and said that his object was not to conquer " Mex-
ico"—meaning the whole of Mexico; that he did
not desire to extinguish her nationality, but that
she should continue to exist as a separate and inde-
pendent republic; and then he wound up by telling
us, in very significant language, that we must have
" indemnity for the past and security for the fu-
ture." "Indemnity'3 for what? For die debt which
Mexico owed our citizens prior to the war? Why
did he not say so ? " Indemnity" f$r all the ex-
penses of the war? Why not say so, if this is
what he meant? " Indemnity" for all the blood
and all the sacrifices made in the prosecution of the
war? He said no such thing.
Well, as to this " security." What did he mean
by that? It seemed that he wanted to put Mexico
in some way under bond for good behavior. Ex-
actly how it was to be done he could not perceive,
except it were by bombarding her cities, blowing
up her castles, dispersing her armies, and sending
widowhood and orphanage to thousands of homes
of that republic. He wanted " security for the
future" in some way. At length this treaty had
come, and it afforded new light on the subject.
He referred to what were understood to be the
terms of the treaty—the cession of all the country
this side of the Rio Grande, and all of New Mex-
ico, and nearly all of Upper California; and he
said that he had evidence before him, which he
would imbody in his printed speech, sufficient to
satisfy every reasonable man that that country was
not worth two straws, and was most properly and
emphatically characterized by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr C. .T. Ingersoll,"] in a phrase
which had become somewhat notorious, a " stu-
pendous desert." Such a treaty would give us
upon the Pacific about ten degrees of latitude, viz:
from 32° to 42°, the southern boundary of Oregon.
And for this country we were to pay the enormous
sum of twenty or twenty-one millions of dollars—
to pay $15,000,000 to Mexico in round coin,
(whether this included the "three millions" or
not he did not know,) and to assume some five or
six millions of the claims of our citizens against
Mexico.
We were to pay this enormous sum, and take
possession of this territory; and he would notgive
the county of Dutchess, in New York, forthe whole
of it! We were to pay a sum greatly larger than
we paid for the whole of the Louisiana territory,
including what is now Louisiana, Arkansas, Mis-
souri, Iowa—and territory enough for six or eight
more States—Texas being thrown into the bargain.
To pay $21,000,000 for this miserable, worthless
territory, under this most magnificent Administra-
tion, in addition to the one hundred to one hundred
and fifty millions already expended, and to the
twenty-five or thnty thousand lives of American
citizens sacrificed ! This was to be paid for a vast
expanse of mountains, rocks, and arid deserts, and
with it we were to have under our jurisdiction hun-
dreds of thousands of the wild savages of that
country, and to impose upon this Government
hereafter, to the end of time, the necessity of main-
taining an army, in addition to our old peace estab-
lishment, of some five to ten thousand men, and
incurring an expense annually of some five to seven
millions of dollars in addition to the ordinary ex-
penses of this Government.
The President m his message informed us that
when he sent this most distinguished diplomatist,
Mr. Nicholas P. Tnst, a clerk in the Department
of State—of whom probably no ten members of
Congress knew anything before—that his propo-
sition to the Mexican Government was to take all
the territory he (Mr. S.) had mentioned; and in
addition, Lower California—a cape of land—no, he
would not pervert language so as to say of land,
but a cape of rocks, mountains, sandy deserts—
running down back of Mexico to the equator. He
commented upon the chaffering disposition mani-
fested in thi^ alFair. He had never been able to
bring himself to believe that, as wild, extravagant,
ridiculous as he considered this Administration,
they ever had been in earnest in making this
proposition. It had turned out that a real bargain
was what the President was driving at. The
Yankees were said to have some talent at a trade,
but he confessed here was a specimen of Tennessee
ingenuity which distanced them.
He next proceeded to argue from the understood
stipulation of the treaty to pay this large amount
of money, the hollowness of the pretence set up
by the Administration of " indemnity for the
past;" as, in case this had been the real object,
(Mexico having nothing but territory to indem-
nify us with,) he would have merely taken enough
to amount to the indemnity. Of course, in taking
territory, convenient boundaries were necessary,
and it might well have been that such boundaries
would have taken us beyond our precise claim for
indemnity, and have been necessary for us to pay
them a half million, or even one or two millions of
dollars. But when the Administration came to
propose our paying about twenty millions of dol-
lars in addition, it clearly proved that their object
was to compel Mexico to cede such portion of her
territory as we wanted, and to pay her the terms
we ourselves saw fit to establish. The object of
this war, it turned out, then, was to drive a bar-'
gain with Mexico—to force her to sell her country!
Mr. S. here remarked that, as his time was
moving away so rapidly, he must pass over many
of the topics of which he had intended to speak,
and content himself by ageneral reference to them,
reserving to his written speech the full expres-
sion of his views. He should attempt therein to
show—
That this acquisition of territory was none the
less a conquest because we stipulated^ to pay a
compensation.
That in acquiring this territory, and forcing a
large number—probably one hundred thousand
citizens of Mexico to come under our jurisdiction—
we would be violating a great fundamental princi-
ple of our own Government.
That, by the acquisition of this territory, we were
likely to introduce disaster and disunion among
ourselves. That, by this acquisition, would be
broken up what has been denominated the " Mis-
souri compromise," because it would destroy the
foundation on which that compromise rested, which
was a fair, a just, and equitable division of the ex-
isting territory of the United States between the
free and slave States. After having acquired Texas
in the manner we did, if we, in addition, were to
acquire New Mexico and California, it would be
an utter annihilation of the basis on which the
Missouri compromise rested.
And, moreover, he said, (and this he regarded
as a material point, but he could not dwell upon
it,) that action upon this treaty in the Senate of the
United States, or, if occasion should require it
here, would place these bodies in such a position
as to prevent their passing upon its merits. The
President of the United States involves the coun-
try, by his own wanton act. in a foreign war, and
after prosecuting it at an enormous expenditure,
and sacrifice of money and valuable lives, he makes
a treaty to close the war. Now, he asked, if the
Senate of the United States, or if the members of
this House, could, under such circumstances, act
on the merits of the treaty? Were they not placed
in such a situation that they were forced to choose
between two enormous evils, and was it not likely
then that it would be ratified, though with entire
repugnance? Might not gentlemen in the other
wing of the Capitol vote for it, while believing it
in the highest degree injurious to the country, for
they found themselves so situated, that they were
obliged to choose between a bad war and a bad
treaty? They might see fit to choose the latter as
the least evil of the two. He wished, however,
in any remarks that he might make heie, not to be
understood as expressing any opinion whether the
treaty should or should not be ratified. He never-
theless must insist that it would be in the highest
degree injurious to bring New Mexico and Cali-
fornia under our jurisdiction and the laws of the
United States, and place them on the same footing
with the members of this Confederacy—New York,
Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan,
and Missouri, States which at no very distant day
would have from three millions to five millions of
inhabitants each. He utterly denied that this coun-
try could derive any considerable advantage from
the territory to be acquired. And this brought
him to a subject that had a very important bearing,
on the general question which he had propounded
for consideration, and that was, whether the policy
of this administration in regard to the objects of
this war, was such as accords with the prosperity
and true interests of the people? He desired to
say at this time, that he had collated and collected,
and in point of fact, had before him on his table,
a large mass of testimony on this point, which it
was totally impossible that he could submit to the
committee in the time prescribed by the rules of
the House. Its general tendency and effect, how-
ever, was to show that it was impossible that the
Administration could obtain any indemnify, even
for our original claim, from any portion of that
territory of Mexico denominated the Northern
States. He was fully prepared to show that the
President was making a most extravagant bargain.
If our Government were to take all the territory
