THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR b RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
which he understood Mexico was now willing to
cede in consideration of the-sum proposed to be
paid, and the claims existing anterior to the war,
he insisted itwould be a most extravagant bargain.
He denied that the whole of that territory was
worth five millions of dollars. And in regard to
the country on this side of the Rio Grande, he de-
sired to propound an inquiry for the consideration
of his friends on the other side of the House.
After having contended here, as gentlemen had
done for two long years, that we were the real
owners to the valley of the Rio Grande; after de-
monstrating, as gentlemen with great ability and
ingenuity had sought to do, and the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. McLane] had toid them the
story about the appointment of inspectors of the
custom-house there; after the repeated assertion
that Texas did extend to the Rio Grande, and that
the army of this Government had the right to take
up its march to the Rio Grande, and to occupy it
from' its mouth to its source, was the twenty-one
millions of dollars now, or any part of it, to be
paid for that territory? If it was not to be paid
for that, what was that enormous consideration to
be paid for?
Mr. ASHMUN interposed, and begged to en-
lighten the gentleman from Connecticut on that
point. Perhaps the gentleman did not understand
the" full value of the purchase. Now, ho under-
stood that it was intended as a consideration for
not only what was now properly Mexico, but it
was also to purchase the right of iVIexico to Texas.
We were now to pay for Texas.
Mr. S&I1TH would say nothing of the real value
of Texas, for wc had on this floor gentlemen who
represented her, for whom he had great personal
respect. Nor would he undertake to say how
soon it would be that we should have representa-
tives here from the sister States of New Mexico
and California; but it seemed .strange to him that
we were now to pay a large consideration for that
which the Administration and its friends demon-
strated was ours, and which they contended for
as zealously as for " 54° 40' orfight." 3No longer
since than the last session of Congress they had
heaid these arguments, and yet now the President
wus asking us to ratify n treaty by which Mexico
sells her right to Texan—-to all on this side of the
Nueces, as well as that lying between the Nueces
and the Rio Grande.
Mr. McLANhJ was understood to explain that
this Government was not to pay for territory—not
for one inch on this side of the Rio Grande, but for
jurisdiction over territory to be ceded by Mexico.
Mr. SMITH said, then it appeared we were not
to get a foot of territory, except in the deserts of
California, but we weto to get jurisdiction. Juris-
diction over what? Over savn^es and an impassa-
ble deseit, where no man could travel with safety,
lie saw that ho had not the time to bring before
the JIousc the mnss of evidence which he had in
his possession respecting the value of that territo-
ry, the object of which was to show that t hat whole
country was of no value, but he would read an
extract from a statement made by Lieutenant Col-
onel Emory, of the topographical engineers, who
has lately been appointed to a regiment of volun-
teers, and has joined the army m Mexico, lie
had intended to have requested the opinion of his
friend from the Covington district of Kentucky
[Mr. Gaines] respecting the value of that territo-
ry, for which this Administration had waged a
destructive and expensive war. Not having time
to ask for it now, he hoped the gentleman from
Kentucky would give it to him in writing.
[Mr. fcj. then read largely from the statement of
Lieutenant Colonel Emory, and was still proceed-
ing, when the chairman announced the expiration
of his hour.]
Mr. FK-KLIN followed, and said he should not
reply to the many points raised by* gentlemen
who had preceded him, either as to the number of
men that had the scurvy there, as set forth in one
of the extracts which had been read, or as to the
value of the territory which it was proposed that
we should now acquire from Mexico. He should
proceed to another branch of the argument.
27
TUESDAY, MARCH 7, 1848.
New Series No. 27.
They had had this morning two speeehes from
the opposite side of the House; one from the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Thompson,! to-which
he had listened with great pleasure, and one from
the distinguished gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr.
Smith,] who had undertaken to cause a smile at
the attempt to bring worthless territory into this
Union. Now, he (Mr. F.) should not undertake
to discuss the subject-matter of the treaty, inas-
much as it was not before them, and, as yet, they
had nothing to do with it. He confessed he was
somewhat surprised that gentlemen had alluded to
it here,much less bring it into this debate and make
it the subject of discussion. But, having been
brought here, he was equally surprised at the
adroitness with which gentlemen had dodged the
question, and shown how unwilling they were to
commit themselves us to the merits of the treaty.
Now, he asked those gentlemen, were they for the
treaty or against it? Or was il only their object
to find fault with everything the President does?
Was it their object merely to make political capital
for the coming canvass of 1848? He was ata loss
to know on what issue they were to meet gentle-
men at this time. Those gentlemen had spoken
of a change of the policy of the Administration.
The lirst object, they say, was to "conquer a
peace," as promulged by the Executive, but the
object now was to obtain " indemnity for the. past
and security for the future.*' What was the po.si-
lion of Ihe gentlemen opposite on these points?
When this war commenced they had speech after
speech of burning eloquence to show that the an-
nexation of Texas was war per sc; thatannexation
was not only likely to bring war, but that it was war.
On that question, however, they had some friends
on the other side who stood by them. There was
a gentleman from Georgia, [supposed to be Mr.
Toombs,] to whose speeches he always listened
with admiration, who made an eloquent speech in
favor of annexation—one of the most eloquent, in
short, that lie hud ever listened to in this Hall.
There were other Whig members who voted with
the friends of annexation throughout; but they
found now that all, or nearly all—if their vote on
a recent resolution was to be taken as expressive
of the views of that side of the llousc—were now
ready to say thai annexation did not produce war,
but that the President did liy his unjust and un-
constitutional act.
Mr. rend an extract from the fust speech of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. li. W. Tiiomi-
soy;[ and, after commenting thereon,inquired why
the gentlemen opposite had changed their own po-
sition? It was because it was necessary to save
those gentlemen who voted for annexation. If
they retained the position that annexation was
war, then the head of the gentleman from Georgia,
and his fi iends who voted with him for annexation,
must be tuken off; they must full under the guil-
lotine of party; and the only way to relieve them
was, to change the issue, and say that annexation
did not produce war, but that our miserable Presi-
dent had produced it. Such was the charge mow
brought against the President, for whose defence
it was not necessary that he should now detain
the coimnittce. The multiform charges which the
gentlemen on the other side made against the Presi-
dent weie rather amusing than otherwise. First,
he was a perfect Nero—a cold-hearted tyrant—
one who would fiddle while Rome was burning,
and the. Capitol was reduced to ashes. At another
time, he was the weakest, most contemptible, most
pusillanimous man breathing. Now, these chargcs
were certainly contradictory, but they were not
more contradictory than the positions which the
gentlemen opposite had taken on the subject of
this Mexican war. They had made no greater
mistake than that the people of Texas were land
robbers and outcasts, and that, as between Mexico
and Texas, Mexico was right, and Texas all
wrong. If gentlemen would calmly look at the
subject, and not permit their feelings and their
prejudices to influence their judgments, they would
find that, from the beginning of the controversy to
the present time, Texas had been all right and
Mexico all wrong, This he asserted without fear
of successful contradiction. Texas, in common
with every other department of Mexico, went into
the revolution, and established the constitution of
1824—a constitution similar to that of our own—
and he defied gentlemen on the other side to adduce
a single act to show that Texas had ever violated
that constitution, or departed from its provisions.
Here, then, was a point to start from. Texas
entered into the support of that constitution in
good faith, and in good faith every other State of
Mexico should have united to carry it out. In
1834, however, Santa Anna, by & military order,
and by no other authority, subverted the Govern-
ment, turned out Gomez Farias, and brought in
a military Vice President, and he sent his myr-
midons into every part of Texas, to compel the
people of that State to submit to his authority.
Texas resisted, and he would ask his friends on
the other side of the House, if there was one
amongst them so craven that ho would not have
resisted as Texas did? Texas, he repeated, re-
sisted; with less than thirty thousand people she
stood up against a nation of eight millions in de-
fending her rights. And who were the Texans
who had been denounced in such opprobrious
; terms? Permit him to name Stephen S. Austin,
' whose name was stamped on the character of the
| country—a man of as high a character as any gen-
tleman in this House. He was a man of intel-
ligence, integrity, and great worlb. He formerly
resided in Potosi, in the State of Missouri; then
! he emigrated to Texas, under the permission of
; the Spanish Government, to found a colony there.
Afterwards they found him dragged to the city of
Mexico, and there he was incarcerated in a loath'
some prison, without crime or fault on his part;
and to the day of his death he never recovered from
tlu; disease which he there contracted. Stephen
S. Austin, then, was the head of the colony of
: Texas, and he was worthy to be placed at the head
of that or of any other country.
; But to come to the issue us to the marching of
! the army, and the question of title which itinvolv-
! ed. Now, he defied gentlemen on the other side
! to put their finger on a better title for Mexico than
! Texas possessed to that territory. Texas had an
: undisputed title until it was promulged here and
' sounded fiom one end to the oihet of lhis nation—
commencing at the Capitol and repeated through
eve'y Whig newspaper in the country—-that the
title was in"Me\ico. Yes. the title of Mexico was
a Whit1, discovery, for it had not been previously
discovered by Mexico. Anu now as to the march
to the Rio Grande. He would savto gentlemen
i opposite, that he. would not hold General Taylor
responsible for his letter in which he said, if the
Government intended to msistupon the Rio Grande
i as an ultimatum, they should take a position oil
| the Rio Grande; and he would give to General
I Taylor a(l the benefit of the qualification which it
I was said to possess in presenting an alternative.
I General Taylor evidently thought the true course
: was to march at once to the Rio Grande, and they
found that he did take the Itio Grande. But was
j he instructed to take a position, as he did, opposite
: to Matamoros, and to blockade the Rio Grande?
; On looking over the papers in that connection, they
would find no instructions to General Taylor to
■ point his cannon on the city of Matamoros. Yet
in doing these things he blamed not General Tay-
lor, nor found any fault with him. He thought
General Taylor vms right. He had no doubt that
General Taylor saw the necessity for doing what
he did. And, again, they found no instructions
i from the Executive department to General Taylor
i to cross the river to Matamoros. [Mr. P. read an
extract from General Taylor's letter to the depart-
ment of War of the 26th April, 1846, on the sub-
ject of additional forces which he had called for,
j and his opinion in relation to the prosecution ot
- the war with their assistance, to show that Gene-
' rtd Taylor endorsed all that had been done. Mr.
F. also quoted from General Taylor s letter of the
18th May to Arista,.in which he said he could not
1 suspend operations m winch he had not taken the
i initiative nor provoked aggression, and claimed
i Matamoros as a sine qua. wm.] Heie,then, itwoulu
