418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
also be seen that General Taylor endorsed the
whole. He found more troops necessary, and he
called for them, and he refused to suspend hostili-
ties on the application of Arista, for reasons which
he gave. If gentlemen would read the documents
with the attention to which they were entitled, they
would find that General Taylor, as soon as the
armistice was concluded, was instructed to retain
possession of Monterey—but where waS he found
afterwards? "The movement to Saltillo and Buena
Vista he was not instructed to make by the De-
partment of War. But it was said that the Presi-
dent took away his forces with a view to prevent
his usefulness. Now, gentlemen were at fault in
that particular. If they would read the corre-
spondence which had been furnished to the House,
they would find how it was that General Taylor's
men were taken away. Mr. F. read General Scott's
letter to General Taylor, announcing to him that
he was about to proceed to take* command—not
of the army of Genei'al Taylor m the north, but of
an expedition to the city of Mexico, for which
purpose he should be under the necessity of taking
part o/ his gallant soldieis with whom he had ac-
quired so much glory, reducing General Taylor
for a time to a defensive position. General Scott
expressed his regret for the necessity which com-
pelled him to do this, but he consoled General Tay-
lor by a reference to the glory which he had already
acquired and with which lie could afford to yield
to the inactivity to which he was necessarily sub-
jected. In the subsequent unfortunate controver-
sies which had arisen among our generals, he (Mr.
P.) should not participate nor bestow upon them
any part of his attention at this time. They had
fought the battles of their country, and he was
* proud of the victories they had won. Those vic-
tories were worth infinitely more than the dollars
and cents they had cost. For a quarter of a cen-
tury we had been in a state of profound peace, and
European Powers had distrusted our ability to
maintain our rights, but on that point this war,
more than anything else, would probably satisfy
them. Those who regarded this war as inexpedi-
ent, as biinging no advantage to this country, and
as unnecessary and unconstitutional, it appeared to
him did not reflect truly 011 all that relates to it.
They rould not shut thejr eyes to the fact that since
3824 Mexico has been in a most disturbed condi-
tion. Pronunciamento had succeeded pronuncia-
mento; one government had been overthrown and
succeeded by another, and that country had re-
ceived a downward tendency and readied a point
at which foreign Governments began to look anx-
iously to the possibility of establishing a throne
in Mexico. Spain, Austria and Prance were alt
looking with eager eyes to the period of time when
a European prince could ascend a throne in Mexi-
co. Between Prance and Spain there was an ad-
ditional alliance by the Montpensier marriage, and
their mutual intrigues were directed to the accom-
plishment of this object. Spain herself, it was
shown, had spent §100,000 of the revenues of Hav-
ana in negotiations with -Mexico for that purpose.
In 1846 Mr. Clack, our consul in Mexico, gave 10
his Government a notification of these movements,
and it was known also that Santa Anna overthrew
Paredes in I84G on the ground, which was pro-
claimed through all the Mexican States, that he
was in favor of the establishment of a monarchy.
Mr. J. R. INGKRSOLL rose and recalled the
attention of the gentleman of Illinois to his remarks
on the reduction of General Taylor's forces by
General Scott, and inquired if the gentleman from
Illinois had ad\*ei ted to the order underV/hich Gen-
eral Scott acted m making that requisition on Gen-
eral Taylor.
Mr. FICKLTN said he had read General Scott's
letter to General Taylor, and also the instructions
of the Government to Genera! Scott, from which
he learned that the first plan was to go to Tam-
pico,and General Patterson, it would be recollect-
ed, commenced ins march on that expedition, it
would also be found that General Scott wrote to
General Taylor the letter in which he said he had
made application to the department for the com-
mand to Mexico.
Mr. J. R. 1NGERSOLL said, if the gentleman
wouid look at the documents, he would find that
General Scott was acting under instructions of the
Government.
Mr. FICKLIN .said the expedition was directed
by the Government, but the mode in which it
should be carried out was left to General Scott.
However, for what had been done by our generals
he had no disposition to blame them. What he
desired was, to repel the attempts which had been
made on the other side of the House—in this he
did not include the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. J. R. Ingersoll,] for he would not attribute
to him such a purpose—to make political capital
out of the supposed hostility of the President and
the War Department to General Taylor.
He had before said, and he would repeat it, that
this war with Mexico was a necessary war, and
it was not waged for the acquisition of territory; but
if we do acquire territory by it, he differed in toto
from the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Smith,]
who said" that this acquisition would be of no value
to this country. He thought it wouid be of im-
mense value to ns; and if we only get jurisdiction,
it was pretty much all that we do want. We want
a harbor on the Pacific; but, for one, he would not
have gone to war with Mexico for her territory.
But he did not put it on that ground. He put it
as between Mexico and Texas, and he came to the
conclusion that Mexico was in the wrong. Texas
had as much right to be annexed to this country
| and to enjoy all our privileges as to Mexico, and
| more too, for Texas had a more permanent gov-
; ernment; and, having the right to be annexed to
j this Government, and the annexation having been
| consummated, we could not escape from this war
I but with disgrace. After the resolutions of annex-
! ation were adopted, they found Almonte, who had
I previously said its adoption would be cause of war,
asking for his passports and leaving the country.
j They found Garcia Conde, Minister of War in
; Mexico, giving orders to muster troops into their
service and to prepare for war. They found, also,
that Paredes instructed his generals on the Rio
Grande to take the initiative in this matter before
II the war had actually commenced. They found,
■ j also, that on the Little Colorado General Taylor
!i was met by the enemy, and that our citizens were
there butcheied. The committee could not have
j; forgotten the murder of Colonel Cross, and others
11 of a like character. Now, with all these facts and
! 1 circumstances, he asked how this Government
could have taken any other course? It has taken
,j the-only course left to it, and it was fortunate that
it had a general who was willing to assume the
1 position that he could not suspend hostilities, iu
■ which he had not taken the initiative, and who
, made the possession of Matamoros a sine qua non.
; in this General Taylor spoke the sentiments of the
■ Ameiican people. Gentlemen here talked about
1 this question being settled, and abom the people
I sending up to hare a treaty ratified, and that the
■ war was unpormlar. "Now, he had seen no evi- ,
' dence of the unpopularity of the war except among
■ party politicians. With the people it was a popu-
lar war. With all those whose hearts were in the
II right place it was a popular war, and it would be
!; sustained.
II Every war in which this country had been en-
i gaged had been unpopular with some. The war
'I of the Revolution was unpopular with the Tories:
the late war with Great Britain was unpopular
I with the bine-light Federalists; the war with Mex-
ico also was unpopular with a portion of the com-
munity: but with the great body of the people it
,• was popular, nnd would remain so. The gentle-
1 man from Indiana, [Mr. R. W. Thompson,] to
. whose very eloquent speech he listened with great
pleasure, had introduced into this discussion the
: subject of the Presidential election, and he seemed
to intimate that they were going to sweep every-
■ ! thing away before them in the coming contest. But
\ let him not lay the flattering unction to his soul
i; that he was going to elect a candidate to the Pres-
i: idency by opposition to the war, or by taking the
;! position that this was a "no-party" era. They
<'h?d had one elected on flie '' no-party5' issue,
whose principles after election they were afraid to
1: tell to the country. The result of that election had
settled the public mind, and never, while the pres-
ji ent generation lived, would it he repeated.
'j The people of this country did not mean again
, I to be TijlerizeO, A friend of his, a httle while ago,
j; gave him a little historical incident which might
i; serve to illustrate this " no-party" matter. When
j James the First ascended the throne of England,
j two friends in conversation made him the subject
i; of their discourse. One inquired, what sort of a
j: man this James the First was ? and the reply was
an illustration in which he was compaied to a mon-
" key. "If I hold him," said the gentleman, "lean
make him bite you; and if you hold him, you can
make him bite me." And so it was with Tyler.
While you held him, he was made to bite us; but
when we held him, he was made to bite you.
• [Laughter.] Wheuevera candidate should be again
brought before the people of this country who
would not declare his principles, they might rest
assured such a course would fail. His principles
must be inscribed on his banner, that those who
run may read,
Mr. LEVIN said : Mr. Chairman, I have been
so often misrepresented by the paid agents of the
Jesuits who hang around this Hall, and who swarm
over our land, that I have come prepared to-day.
I was surprised to find in the bill now before the
committee an appropriation for a chargeship to
Rome, and still more surprised when my friend,
the honorable gentleman from Alabama, informed
me that he intended to move an amendment, sub-
stituting in its stead a minister plenipotentiary.
An embassy to Rome I had supposed to be the pet
measure of the President of the United States.
Sympathy with Pope Pius IX. appears to be the
hobby-horse of political leaders. CConnell, the
Irish reformer, is dead. The curtain has fallen
upon that last act of the national farce, and now the
Pope, an Italian reformer, steps upon the stage to
conclude what O'Connell left unfinished. The
hurrah has gone through the country; public meet-
ings have been held; sympathy for the Pope has
grown almost into a fashion: yet, sir, m no legiti-
mate sense can this embassy to Rome he called a
national measure, intended for the public benefit.
We have no commcrce to protect in the Roman
States; we have 110 seamen whose rights may need
even the supervision of a Government agent or
consul; we have no navy riding m her only harbor;
we have no interests that may be exposed to jeop-
ardy for want of an ambassador.
The Papal flag has never been known j>o wave
in an American port. No American vessel has
received the visit of a Pope. Dwelling under the
shadow of the ruins of antiquity, we have never
been disturbed but by the bulls of Pope Gregory
and the intrigues of his Jesuits. What, then, has
produced this sudden revolution in the concerns of
the two countries? We are told that Pius IX. is
a reformer. Indeed! In what sense is he are-
former? Has he divested himself of any of his
absolute prerogatives ? Has he cast off his claims
to infallibility? Has he flung aside his triple
crown ? Has he diminished aught from the impe-
rial elevation of the tiara? And does he no longer
hold in bondage the bodies and souls of his sub-
jects5 Has he become a republican? Does he
acknowledge the inherent equality of mankind ?
Has he abolished tithes? Has he emancipated his
people' Has he suppressed the Jesuits '<• Far
from it. Nothing of this has been done. He
maintains his own prerogatives as absolute as
Gregory XIX. or any of his illustrious predeces-
sors. In what, then, does the world give him credit
for being a reformer? For building up on a new
and firmer foundation his own secular power; for
j permitting a pre.-s to be established in Rome un-
; der his own supervision and eontiol, for carrying
j oat measures not to be censured, but certainly
| giving him no pretensions beyond that of a selfish
i sagacity, intent on the study of all means calculated
i to add stability to hisspiriiual power and firmness
to his temporal throne. But a sagacious monarch
does not constitute a liberal reformer, even though
he may correct many abuses that disgraced his pre-
decessors, who, by their bigotry and intolerance,
had reduced theonee boasted powerof the Paprd See
to a mere cipher. As a free and civilized Govern-
ment, anxious for the continued progress of the
popular mind, we had infinitely more reason for
applauding Gregory XIX. for Vidling depvn the
power of the Roman See than sending an embassy
to Pius IX. for having revived the drooping giant,
and imparted fresh energy to the most despotic
power the world has ever seen nr ever felt. Why
was no ambassador sent to Gfp?ory? Why is an
ambassador sent to Pius ? Not because the inter-
ests of this country require it. And who believes
it is because of the lauded liberality of one who
seems ambitious of the renown of a man of the
age? Who believes it is because Pius encourages
railways, for what are Roman railways to us ? We
have a more rational though less pleading solution
of this wonderful and newly-awakened sympathy
for Rome in the increase of the Roman Catholic
vote, caused by the Irish famine and the difficulty
