1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
421
Does England send a minister to Rome? No; and
yet their international relations, having especial ;
reference tp the condition e>f Ireland, are full of
importance. England well knows that what is
Hseful may be attained, and that what is fraught
with danger may be avoided by dispensing; with
reciprocal embassies. England does not forget
the teachings of history. Cardinal legates and
Papal nuncios have in their day taught her lessons
—lessons never to be forgotten, for those lessons
were written in blood 1
Sir, every step of Pius the Ninth, in his seeming
spirit of reform, is made with a direct reference to
the extension of his temporal power over this
Republic. He has political sagacity enough to
discover that the" practical workings out of the
principles of freedom, through the medium of uni-
versal suffrage, can be adroftly converted into the
means of supporting the spirit of superstition as
the basis of political power.
While we are engaged in this Mexican war, let
us not lose sight of the fact that Europe is invading
us; that her paupers and criminals, under the con-
trol of Jesuit leaders., are swarming over the. land,
spreading disease, physical, moral, political, and
religious.
Sir, there has been, and there is, a systematic
effort now going on to overthrow American rights
and American institutions, by the means to winch
I have alluded. There are those who hear me,
who know full well, that a few years ago, a dis-
tinguished German historian delivered a course of
lecturcs before the Emperor of Austria and tin?
nobility of that country, in which he undertook to
show that Europe's thrones would remain insecure
so long as this exnmpleof free government existed
in the United States. His name was Slegcll. In
his eighteenth lecture, he proceeded to show how
to give solidity to the thrones of tyrants. "Send
* your refuse population,'1 said he, "to the United
i States, under the control of the Jesuits, They
4 will keep the foreign population separate and d^s-
* tinct from the American. They will pievent
* amalgamation, and a distinct political organiza-
4 tion may be formed. Their ballot-boxes are
* left open! you are invited to take p0sse8-
* sion op them!" "Do this," said he, tl and the
* work is 4one
Immediately the Leopold Institution was found-
ed, afterwards the Society at Lyons; and while the
American people have been sending their thou-
sands and tens of thousands of dollars to Christian-
ize and evarii^eliisc the Muhommedan world, the
Roman Catholic crowned heads of Kuro|>e have
been erecting their chapels from Canada's border
to the Gulf of Mexico, having for their end and
aim the subjugation of American rights, and the
destruction of American institutions.
Atn I not right? Look back to the past. I ven-
tured, during the first session of the 39th Congress,
to tell our sister Status of the South that a cloud
was gathering over their soil. I knew that the
JesuttH were actively at work, ready to seize upon
any question that threatened to shake the Union,
or lead to its dissolution.
I remembered then, as I do now, the encyclical
letter of Pope Gregory against slavery—not in
Spain, Poitugal, or Italy, but slavery in the Uni-
ted Slates ! I remembered, too, that it was follow-
ed up by Daniel O'ConnelTs celebrated letter to
the Repealers of Cincinnati, in which he told them;
<f Where xjou have the elcctond franchise, give your
' votes to none but those who will assist yon- in carry-
1 ing out the pious intentions of his Holiness the
* P/ye/"
Sir, I qudle him word for word. Here was a
double appeal—as subjects of the Pope you must
advocate repeal, and as members of his church you
must oppose slavery in the United States, although
the Popes of Rome had given it their pious coun-
tenance and protection for a period of fourteen hun-
dred years.
O'Connell had felt the aid that abolitionism had
given him in England; he had overcalculated its
power and influence in this country, and yet he
was willing to combine the Irish Catholic and abo-
lition vote in the United States in order to hold the
balance of power and bring both in subjection to
the dictation of the Pope of Rome 1
At tins crisis a body of patriotic Americans at
the North, viewing southern rights and southern in-
stitutions as a part of American rights and Ameri-
can institutions,planted themselves in self-defencc.
They resisted the right of the Pope or his dema-
gogu« to interfere with any American institution j
which existed under the Constitution of their coun- !
try. They called public meetings to denounce this i
wanton and gross outrage; and it was under such !
circumstances that ten American citizens were |
shot down in cold blood, by the advice and-coun- J
sel of the very Jesuit priesthood whom this appro- \
priation proposes to encourage in their murderous !
assault upon the lives of the native born sons of ;
the soil. i
Sir, the Jesuits are busily at work. Driven out 1
of Prance, Portugal, and Spain, they are making j
their stronghold here in our midst. The provisoes ;
and firebrands flung into this House day after day ;
are traceable to the secret operations of that Order, (j
which is now striking for the mastery of the ,
world. i
And yet at no period in the history of the world J
was the human understanding more auspiciously !
disposed than at this moment to the propagation of ,!
every opinion favorable to the growth of the power :
and the diffusion of the dogmas of Rome. Jn t'h-e ji
fullness of light we seem willing that the torch shall ;
be extinguished, because we feel so secure in our ;
power. In the excess of our toleration and liber- j
ality we seem disposed to invite the intolerance of
bigotry against ourselves, lest, if we stand by our 1
rights, we should be charged with bigotry! This !
is the error of an age of overstrained refinement, !
of scientific liberality, of the universal diffusion of i
the press. But it is the very error of the moon, i
the madness of amenity, the liberality which leads
the commander of a beleaguered garrison to open
its gates to the foe and invite him to partake of a ,
repast, when his avowed object is the subjugation ,
of his cifndel.
Sir, the line of demarcation which separates ■
toleration from bigotry and persecution is too
boldly and broadly drawn by the rights of man, as
defined by the Constitution, and the fundamental :
principles of religion, as they exist in letters of !
living light upon the pai.es of the Bible.
And hcie, sir, I may he permitted to ask, why -
is it that the Jesuits have made such strenuous [
efforts to drive that Bible from our public schools? ,
Why those dark insinuations of the unfitness of
Bible truths for the dailyduties of life? We claim
for the American born child of the foreign Roman
Catholic the same glorious privileges our own
children enjoy; to read, examine, investigate for
themselves, to reject or adopt it as they see fit, un-
awed by any human power. Shall there be one
code ot morals for one class, and another for a
higher or a lower one? Shall the Jesuit clergy >
coin a construction of the Bible for the people .
which the people have no ri<(ht to test by their
own understandings, and thus establish a human
tariff for crime, adjusted by meie human author-1
ity, in opposition to the commandments of Go.l,
and meet with no resistance15 Or rather, so far
from resistance, the approving smiles and generous
encouragementof the Representatives of the Amen- !
can people?
Sir, we have lived to sco the Bible driven from our
public schools and burvt im the public streets! 'j
That Bible so inseparably interwoven with the
genius and spirit of American institutions. The \
Congress of 1777 distributed thirty thousand copies '
o['that Bible among the American people—that same
Bible which Mauy gave to her little boy George,
whose precepts and whose principles led him, at •
the head of the American troops, to achieve that ,
fieedom which \vc now enjoy. Do what you may,
I tell you that the American born citizens of this
country, at least the native born Americans, will at
all hazards keep that Bible in the hands of their "
little Georaes, too.
To me, sir, it is a matter of amazement that any
member of this House should be willing to advo-
cate such a proposition as that now before the com-
mittee, which yields to the exorbitant pretensions
and bends to the domineering power of the Pope
of Rome.
The Native Americans, scorned and abused as ■
'•hey have been, because tluy loved their country bet-
ter than they did paity, have struggled, thus far in
vain, to apply a check to the great and growing !
evil that now overshadows the land. Their object '
has been conservative. They wished to apply a ,
preventive* The bill now before the committee
proposes to strengthen and fortify and extend .
Jesuit influence in the United States. Pass it if !
you will. Send a minister pleniootentiary and en- j
voy extraordinary to the Pope of lEtome. 1 tell you !
that the heart of9the nation wiH be reached, that
the American pe'ople will awaken ftoxn their slum-
ber, and that Native Americanism will be at last
understood and properly appreciated- Pass your
bill, and from that hour Native Americanism
means only the defence of Protestant rights and
Protestant freedom against Papal tyranny and
Jesuit aggression.
Upon that broad platform we stand, and let pos-
terity judge. Sir, we do protest against this reli-
gious link between our free Republic and that Papal
throne—a throne unlike all others,buiitupon power,
spiritual and temporal, political and religious—a
throne which makes man a slave, and transforms
kings into fiends, piiests into tormentors, a people
into drones, a country into a desert—a throne
which extinguishes the fire on the altar of domestic
love, in a form peculiar, fatal, revolting; snatching
its votaries away from the homage of nature to the
cold convent, the repulsive abbey, the gloomy cell
of the anchorite, the horrid dungeon of the inqui-
sition, and the demoralizing edict of celibacy; stir-
ring up sedition, rebellion, and civil war,as the only
means of extending a power which reason revolts
from, and persuasion fails to diffuse—which man-
kind have resisted in every age, at the peril and
under the penalty of the cannon's mouth, the edge
of the sword, the fire of the faggot, the torments
of the stake, and the tortures of the rack !
Sir, in the name of the American people, I pro-
test against this innovation, which would make us
a by-word among the nations.
It is almost an obsolete, but still a venerated and
solemn custom, appropriate to all great and immi-
nent conjunctures of public import, to invoke the
special protection of a Superior Being;, arid in the
.same spirit that animated our sires ol 177f>, I cx-
claim, Gor> save the Republic !
When Mr. Levin concluded,
Mr. STRONG obtained the floor, and the com-
mittee rose and thg House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred under the rule:
By Mr. WHITE, of New York: Two memorials of the
fanners and ciuzeris of ihe county of Saratoga, New York,
remonstiating against the renewal of the patent of the heirs
of Jo thro Wood.
l?v Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina: The petition of
Moses I>, Hyams and others, for papers to change the name
of the French briii Bontemps to Palmetto.
Xiy Mr. HALh, of New York: The petition of Morris
Fos<hck,one of the justices of the county court of Krie. New
York, praying for a modification of the laws relating to nat-
uiah/.atioti.
Hy Mi. I'ilELPS • The petition of citizen.* of the western
part of Mi-^oitri, puu mg the evtablMtni< nt «>t two judicial
district-* in *aul Sl.iic. \No, the petition of Lewi- t). Ofliehl,
pun mk' compensation for -ervices of In- xhij1, who matched
to tli'' place oi rendezvous lo he imMned into service, alter
lia\ui!.r vohinleeied. and weie not leecivod into M'lViee.
IU Mi. SMART: of Jvlward Cote, of Fiankfoit, Maine,
for liioi ease of pen-jon.
Bv Mi. SMITH, of Illinois: The petition of a Inrqe mnn-
her of citizens of Monioe rind Randolph counties, praying
the establishment of a mail route fioin Waterloo, in Momoe
county, via Red Hud, Evam>vi}le, and Ellis Grove, to Ches-
ter, in Randolph county. AUo, the petition of VV. T. Miller
and Ml othet ciuzens'of Madison county, Illinois, praying
a reduction of newspaper postage, and particularly on juve-
nile paper- of small dimensions.
By Mr. HOWARDS: The petition of James Co, praying
for a pension. '
By Mr. MAltVJN: The following memorials, all rcmon-
^tratine against the lenewal of the patent ot Jethro Wood
for the benefit of In? hen« Of M. VVj.ird and fifty others,
citizens of Livingston county ; of William Paul and seventy
others, citizens of Ontario count} ; ot George II. Hall and
one hundred oilier--, citizens of (Jattamujiu.- county: of John
II. Williei and one hundred othei-, of ia.-t-numcd county j of
7' (\ Barrett and thirty otheis, citizens ol Cliatanque county;
of William II. Kilev ami mneh-eieht others, citizens of the
ia-t-nnnied counts ; of S. H. Dickinson and filty others, of
the counts last named ; of R. A. Lestei and eighty other's, of
the last-named county; and of Foibes Johnson and thn ty-
four others, eiiizens of said county ot Chatauque, all of the
State of New Yoik
By Mr. GOTT: The iemon>tinncc of James H. Kin? and
fitly other citizen": of On<thd'i«*A county, New York, against
the pa-sagc ol any law reviving or continuing the patent of
Jethro Wood for a cast iron ploueh.
Hy Mr. HOLMES, of New Yoik: The lemonshance of
Hiram Wiiglitand one hundred and two other citizens ot
Mnmoe county, New Yoik, against extending the patent or
Jethio Wood. , ,
My Mi. IirXT: The remonstrance ot one hundred and
twenty-five citizens of Caledonia, New "iork, naan^t re-
newing the patent of Jethro Wood. i rr
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Iowa: Ihe petition of A. II.
Ha-keH and suav-tour other citizens I['™> tor
the es-tablivhment of a mail route from tnirfieid. J< fier&oii
count}', via Lancaster, Sigourney, and Wasson •> Mms, to
' IOBv Mr^ilUDPON": The memorial of J2no/*h P,nnrd and
! one hundred and fifty-one others, praying that p*aee may
' be restored to the country.
