422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Bv Mr G VINES: Tne petition of D. Drake Henne, piay-
in  indemnity tor property lo.-t and &erviecs r< ndered m the
service of the United States in the war with Mexico.
By Mr. king, of Massachusetts: The iwiuonu! of Henry t
H Sibley ami 4o0 others', inhabitants of Mmcsotas pia>mg
that that country may have a temtonal government, and
that it may not be annexed to Wisconsin. Also.the memo-
mi ot Hall J add and 6S other?, citizens of Northampton,
Massachusetts, against the United States Government traf-
ficking m the public lands, and for laying them out in farms
for actual settlers not possessed of other lands. AI50, the
petition of S irah Sampson, widow of Veleg Sampson, at ev-
olutionary soldier, for a pension.
By Mr. WENTWOUTH : Apetition for a mail route fiom
Joiiet, via Jackson Creek, Reed's Grove, Wjiminaton, Rock
Creek, Bulhoma, Mount sfaugum, Middlepoit, and Mili'ord.
to "Lala\ette, Indiana, Al o,one from Peiu,viaTrov Giove,
Ovid, Daney's Mill?, Inlet Grove, Lnlayf tte Giove. Kelly's
Mil!*, Whitooak Grove, Sullman, and ICi hi\vankie, to
Rockford.
By Mr. HALL, of New York: The remonstrance of 82
citizens of Erie county, New Yoriv, against the extension ot
the patent si anted to Jethro Wood.
By Mr. WHITE: The memorial of Anthony M. Biackett,
A. Harris, and 176 others, t.iimeis and citizens of the county
of traratosa, New York, lernonstiutm^ against the icnewal
of tile patent of Jethro Wood foi a eust-11011 plough, lor the
benefit of hi* heirs and assorts.
B? Mr. GAINED : The petition of LinchfieJd Slimp, pray-
ing eonipen-atroji for services rendered and injuries teceived
in the Indian war in 1793 and 1794, well as in 1812,
By Mr ROCKWELL, ot Massachusetts : The petition of
Priscilla IVi.ixvvHI, of Ciiarlemont, Mn^aehu-ottF, daughter
of the Kite Lieutenant Colonel Hugh Maxwell, of the army
ot the Revo'ution, for a pension.
By \ir. JOHN>ON, of AiKansas: Five memorials piajmg
the removal of the raft in lied river.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 2, 1848.
Mr. WEBSTER presented a petition from cer-
tain citizens of Kingston, in the State of Massachu-
setts, engaged in the fisheries, asking that the duty
on fish rnav he made specific.
Mr. WEBSTER, in introducing this petition,
said that the petitioners complain that the effect of
the present duty is to give great advantage to the
British fisheries over those of the United States.
The English fishermen can come from the neigh-
boring colonies, Canada, New Brunswick, and
Newfoundland, m bght and cheap constructed
vessels, and fish during the day,and return at night
and cure their fish, which are admitted into the
ports of fheUnited Staiesunderan ad valorem duty,
invoiced at such rates as will not afford a remu-
nerating return for the capital invested and labor
performed by persons engaged in that branch of
business tn the United Slates; and they therefore
ask that the duty may be made specific, and at the
rate prescribed by the act of 184*2. The petition
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. YULEE presented additional documents on
the claims of Isaac Yarnes,and of the adminis-
trator of James Edwards; which were referred to
the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported the bill for the relief of the heirs of John
Paul Jones, and recommending a concurrence in
the amendments of the House.
Mi. M. moved that the repoit be concvmed in.
Mr. BRADBURY thought the bill would give
rise to debate : and the question was postponed.
Mr. WESTCOTT., from the Committee on
Patents, made an adverse report on the memorial
ofHezekiah L. Thistle; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, made an
adveise report on the petition of Hernck Aikin.
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion of Mr. D1X,
Recall e'l, That the Committee on the Library be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of directing the Hecretaiy
of the 'J'rea.-uiy to transmit by Mi. Alexander VaUcrnare
copies of the «tandaid weights and measures of the United
States to the Government ot Fiance,
On motion of Mr. DIX,
Rewind, That the Committee on the Public Buildings be
jnstnieted t*> inquire into the expediency ot completing the
ventilation ot tne Senate Chamber.
Mr. BItADBURY submitted the following, and
asked its immediate consideration, observing that
the information was important to the Senate and
the public. Every day's mails brought pressing
inquiries on the subject, and, at the rate they were
now receiving them, it appeared to him that they
should not get one-half of the quota to which each
Senator w«j  entitled before the meeting of the next
Congress.
Resolved, That the Committee on Punting be requested to
ascertain and reooit at what tune the copies of the Pie-i-
dent'b message and accompanying documents oidtied by
the Senate to be printed, and which have not yet been re-
ceived, may be expected.
Mr. DIX suggested that the resolution had bet-
ter lie over. He had accidentally met the printer,
a day or two since, who informed him that he was
wailing for the engraving of the maps, and that the
printing; was finished.
Mr. BRADBURY said,- if 3uch were the fact,
he desired it to go forth to the public through a re-
port of the committee.
Mr. WESTCOTT thought it would be well to
extend the inquiry a little further. He had seen
the printer tliis morning, who had informed him
that the difficulty was" principally owing to the
delay in famishing the maps. And he had un-
derstood fuither, that such of the maps as had
been received were sent in to the printer without
being folded, so that it was found necessary to
fold them into a shape to fit the printed pages.
To do this, the printer had been compelled to em-
ploy additional hands. Mr. W. thought, there-
fore, that the resolution ought to be extended so
as to include an authority to the printer to employ
and pay an adequate number of hands. The
cause %vhich was assigned for the delay would
thus be removed.
Mr. BRADBURY expressed a wish that the
order might go to the committee m Us present
form, feeling no doubt that the matter woald be
fully investigated.
The resolution was then agreed to.
The Senate then proceeded to consider the amend-
ments made by the House to the bill " to make
attachments which are made under process issuing
from the courts of the United States conform to
the laws regulating such attachments in the courts
of the States;" when—
Mr. WEBSTER moved that the Senate concur
in the amendments of the House. One of these
made the provision of the hill applicable only to
cases which may hereafter occur, and the other re-
lates to casts of*debts due the United States.
Mr. SEVIER asked whether this limitation to
future cases was right.
Mr. WEBSTER said, in Iiia opinion, it was
right.
The amendments were then concurred it.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments made by the House to thejomt resolution for
the relief of Belsey Mcintosh, and they were con-
curred in.
The bill from the House to change the name of
the steamboat Charles Downing to Calhoun, was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. SEYIER, (quarter before one,)
the Senate proceeded to the consideration of Ex-
ecutive business; and, after sitting till a late hour,
the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 3, 1848.
The Journaiof yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. SCHENCK rose and said, that m his pres-
ent state of health, and in consequence of the in-
clemency of the weather, he was under the necessity
of asking the House to excuse him from service on
the committee appointed to accompany the remains
of their late venerable colleague, John ClriKcy
Adams, to their last resting-place in the State of
Massachusetts. He therefore moved that he be
excused from service on that committee, and that
the vacancy be filled by the Speaker.
The motion was agreed to, and the SPEAKER
appointed Mr. Edwards to supply the vacancy.
Mr. CABELL moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the private calendar. This was the day
on which bills could be acted upon without debate;
and another-'opportunity to dispose of that class of
bills would not again soon occur. He waw aware
that the House had fixed two o'clock to-day to
terminate debate on the deficiency bill; but a recon-
sideration of that vote, and the postponement of
the termination of the debate to the same hour to-
morrow, he trusted would be consented to, and
thereby private bills could be disposed of, and those
gentlemen who desired to speak on the deficiency
bill would have the opportunity to do so.
Mr. CABELL withdrew his motion to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
to allow the gentleman from Connecticut to make
the motion he had indicated.
Mr. ROCKWELL then moved a reconsidera-
tion of the vote by which the House had fixed a
period to the debate on the deficiency bill, with the
avowed purpose to move the termination of debate
at two o'clock to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROCKWELL then moved that.the resolu-
tion be so amended as to fix two o'clock on Satur-
day for the close of debate.
Mr. CL1NGMAN moved to amend the reso-
lution so as to make the time half-past two
o'clock.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to amend the
amendment so as to fix one o'clock. On Monday,
he said, thirty members of the House would leave
the seat of Government to accompany the remains
of the late Mr. Adams to the State of Massachu-
setts. It was therefore necessary that the final
vote should be taken on Saturday. And after the
close of the debate, so far as the time might be
fixed by resolution of the House, the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means would have
: the right to occupy one hour by the rules of the
| House. One o'clock, therefore, should be fixed,
instead of two, or half-past two, as proposed by
the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Cling-
man.}
Mr. VINTON was understoood to say that he
had no intention to occupy the time allowed him
by the rules,
"The amendments were then rejected, and the
original resolution agreed to,
Ellis of the Senate of the following titles, lying
on the Speaker's table, were taken up, read a
fiist and second time, and appropriately referred,
viz :
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Jacques Moulon.
A bill for the relief of Fernando Fellanny.
A bill for the relief of Peter Engels, sen.
A bill for the relief of Mary McRae, widow of
Lieutenant Colonel William McRae, late of the
United States army, deceased.
A bill for the relief of John Black, late United
States consul at the city of Mexico.
A bdl in amendment of an act entitled " An act
to amend the act entitled 'An act to reduce the rates
of postage, to limit the use and correct the abuse
of the franking privilege, and for the prevention of
fraud on the revenues of the Post Office Depart-
ment,' passed March 3, 1845.
The bill from the Senate entitled " An act con-
cerning the courts of the United States in and for
the district of Michigan," was taken up, read three
times, passed, and returned to the Senate.
Mr. CUMMINS moved, that when this House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet to-morrow at eleven
o'clock.
The motion was ruled out of order.
On motion of Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecti-
cut, the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the private calendar, (Mr. Ashmun,
of Massachusetts, m the chair.)
The bill directing the mode of settling the claims
of Charles G. Ridgely was taken up mid amended,
so as to provide for the settlement of theclami upon
legal principles. It was then ordered to be report-
ed to the House.
The following bills were taken up, read, consid-
ered, and ordered to be reported to the House.,
viz :
A bill for the relief of Calvin Emmons;
A bill for the relief of E. G. Smith;
A bill for the relief of Bent, St. Train & Co.;
A bill for the relief of J. Throckmorton;
A bill for the relief of William Iiogan, admin-
istrator of Michael Hogan, deceased;
! A lull for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
' sentalives of Regnal alias Nick Hilliary;
| A bill for the relief of James Mc.Avoy;
; A bill for the relief of Charles Benus:
! A bill for the relief of William Ralston;
A bill for the relief of Nancy Tompkins;
j A bill for the relief of John Mitchell;
\ A bill for the relief of David Thomas;
A bill for the relief of Stephen Champlin;
• A joint resolution for the relief of George R,
Smith, of Missouri;
A bill for the relief of Bennett M. Dell;
