424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
anv side, of the House, had yet ventured to aflirm,
directly, and in so many words, that we are eti-
eaged in an unjust war, before the remarks of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] the other
day, since when, a like assertion had been made
by others.
But Mr. S. would look beyond the declaration
of gentlemen of either party. In judging on this
question, it was necessary to look at the condition
of things which preceded the war—not at the ac-
tual commencement of hostilities, but at the status
belli itself; for the one of these things might, and
often did, exist without the other, as was the case
after a public declaration of war had been made by
one or both of tsvo nations whose forces had not
yet met in conflict; or, in the midst of a continued
war, in the depth of winter, when the armies on
both sides were in winter quaiters, and no actual
fighting was going on. Here were no hostilities,
but yet there was a state of war. And, on the
other hand, there might be actual hostilities, and
yet no status belli; a familiar illustration of which
occurred in the case of the Chesapeake and the
Little Belt, atld in that of the attack on the steamer
Caroline. In neither of (hose cases had war been
recognized as existing by either nation, though
their subjects had been killing each other.
But how had ihis state of war between the Uni-
ted States and Mexico been brought about? At
the time when the resolution for the annexation of
Texas was pending before Congress, those op-
posed to that measure had constantly affirmed that
the passage of that resolution, or at least its carry-
ing out, in the actual annexation of that province,
not only would lead to war, but was virtually war
itself—in annexing Texas we " annexed a war
with Mexico." Well, if those gentlemen were
correct in their doctrine, (and Mr. S. was not
going to deny that they were, and the same doc-
trine was avowed now,) then there needed no
actual formal declaration of war to constitute a
state of war between the United States and Mex-
ico; all that was necessary was to pass the joint
resolution, or, at furthest, to carry out and consum-
mate that resolution into actual piactical annex-
ation.
Nor were declarations of war by both parties
necessary to two nations being m a state of war
wi'th each other. Should France declare war
against the United States, might not the President
at once, without waiting for the formality of a
declaration on our part, move the army and navy
of the United States against a declared enemy?
Most certainly. Nor would any declaration on
the part of the United States be necessary. For
what was a declaration of war ? Was it anything
more than this, a declaration by the competent
authority that war existed? The purpose o£ the
declaration was a notice to neutral nations and to
our own people to avoid trading in articles contra-
band of war, and to protect their own persons and
property against attack.
The 'custom of making a solemn public formal
declaration of war was derived, as every one
knew, from the practice of the Romans, who, in
the spirit of fairness to an adversary, sent a her-
ald to the fronlieis of the hostile nation, and gave
them warning that Rome was at war with them,
and they might act accordingly. Wherever suffi-
cient notice was given that a state of war actually
existed, such notice was equivalent to a declaration
of war. Well, Texas had been annexed, and was
recognized as constituting an integral part of the
United States. She merged her nationality in ours,
and we became one people. Now, gentlemen on
the other side, after the ground they had so often
taken while the annexation resolution was pend-
ing, would hciidly now deny that by the event of
annexation a state of war was created between us
and Mexico.
And Mcxico herself had ever since taken the
fame ground. Her mouth had been closed; she
said that the President's order to the troops
10 advance to the Rio Grande was the commence-
ment of v.ar between her and us. She made no
distinction between the territory on the east and on
the west of the Nueces; she claimed the whole
country up ?o the Sabini. To say that rhe order
to adv.u.i'i; [he army opposite Matamoros was the
beginning of the present war was an afterthought,
invented by V/h;g gentlemen seemingly to shield
the Mexicans ironi biame and cast it all on the
Ptesident.
Notwithstanding the long silence of Mexico on
the subject of oar claims against her, no sooner did
she learn that the annexation of Texas was pro-
posed than she manifested feelings of hostility^
and gave public notice to our Government that, if
the project of annexation should be actually carried
out, the relations of amity between the two nations
would be disturbed. On the 28th of August an
official notification was addressed by the Mexican
minister to our Secretary of State that his Govern-
ment would consider the incorporation of Texas
into the Union as an act of war. [Here Mr. S.
read the document.] This was a public, solemn,
official notice to our Government, that on a given
contingency a state of war would exist. On the
23d ot November, Mr. Almonte wrote to Mr. Bu-
chanan, that if the annexation was sanctioned by
this Government, Mexico would consider it as an
aggression, his mission to this Government would
be ended, and Mcxico was determined in that case
to declare war against us. [Mr. S. here quoted
the document.] These were distinct official noti-
fications, and were in all respect equivalent to a
contingent declaration of war; war was declared to
be suspended on a contingency which afterwards
happened.
There were, moreover, domestic declarations
by the Mexican Government to the same effect.
With these, to be sure, we as a nation had nothing
to do; but they went to show a uniform and de-
liberate design on the part of Mexico to consider
annexation as war. After these official acts, how
could Mexico say that the status belli did not exist
the very moment annexation should be consum-
mated? And, in fact, she never did say so. Mex-
ico never had disavowed the ground assumed in
the notices to which he had alluded. She never had
declared, either at home or to us, that she did not
mean to consider herself as at war with the United
States immediately on the annexation of Texas.
But the gentleman from New York, over the
way, had said that Mexico, who might choose to
consider it war or not, elected to be at peace with
us, while the gentleman, at the same time, adhered
to the doctrine that annexation was virtual war.
Mr. S. admitted, indeed, that Mexico agreed to
recene from us a commissioner to settle the ques-
tion of boundary; but he asked the gentleman from
New York to tell him where that gentleman found
the reception of such a functionary to be incon-
sistent with a state of war between two nations?
There was no incompatibility, no inconsistency
between them; and in fact Mexico never had dis-
avowed the state of war, but, on the contraiy, had
reiterated the declaration again and again.
On the 12th June, Santa Anna issued a procla-
mation—not addressed to us, but of a domestic
character, and with which, therefore, we had noth-
i ing to do, and which we were not bound to notice;
i but it went to show that Mexico herself thought
j annexation to be war. The proclamation stated
! that Mexico was mustering forces, and was about
I again to commence a campaign against Texas. On
i the 6th March, 1845, Almonte addressed an offi-
cial note to our Government demanding his pass-
ports. [Mr. S. quoted the document.] Did this
look like "electing to be at peace?" Not at all.
On the 4th June, 1845, Herrera also issued a do-
mestic proclamation, in which he declared that our
act of annexation did nor dpstroy the rights of
Mexico over Texas, and that she was resolved to
enforce them. And, still more, on the 12th July
the Mexican Minister of War and Marine issued
the following. [Here Mr. S. quoted the docu-
ment, in which he declares that the perfidy of the
United States had consummated the act of annex-
ation, and that Mexico could not tolerate such an
indignity, and was resolved to declare war against
the United States.]
And yet, said the gentleman from New York,
Mexico elected peace. Now, at this time, when
this last proclamation was issued, General Taylor
was not at Corpus Chnsti; he had not even ad-
vanced as far as the Nueces. And yet, said the
gentleman from New York, Mexico elected peace!
It was true that Mexico did not immediately com-
mence hostilities; she delayed with the lingering
hope * ^ But Herrera's administration was
overthrown, and the avowed object of the revolu-
tion which overthrew him was to institute more
hostile proceedings against the United States. Pa-
redes succeeded him, and shortly after his election
he produced a domestic proclamation, and thai
proclamation was relied upon on the other side of
this Hall as giving an indication of his peaceful
disposition. Now that proclamation was not one
addressed to this Government. It was wholly a
domestic affair. It was tiue that in that procla-
mation Pare'des said it was not in his power to
declare war, and Mex'co had not and would not
make aggressions on the United States. But, at
the same time, Paredes declared that the Mexican
Government never would recognize the rights of
the Unite.d States to any part of Texas; that it was
still their own, and that they would enforce their
rights to it by arms. lie was at that lime raising
a large army, and had it upon the banks of the
Rio Grande, and Mexican papers, printed in the
city of Mexico, avowed that the object was to
march to the Nueces. Now, he cared not what
the domestic declarations of Paicdes weie. We
were to judge from the declarations given to us; we
were to judge from their acts. It mattered not, as
was correctly remarked by the honorable gentle-
man from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] what a
man's intentions might be, if his a^ts did not cor-
respond with them. We weie to judge from acts.
Paredes said in his proclamation that the time for
temporizing had passed; that Texas having been
annexed to this country, the time for hostilities
had come.
Now, was there anything unjust in the United
States to take them at their word—to belie\e, when
Mexico proclaimed the existence of a state of war,
and her intention to prosecute it and drive off the
invaders, as she styled us, from the entire country
of Texas, that she meant what she said.
But on the 18th April, Paredes issued the
order to Arista, who was then in command of the
army of the North, m which he declared that hos-
tilities should be commenccd. He argued that in
either case—whether Paredes at that time knew of
the advance of the army under General Taylor to
the Rio Grande or not—that advance was not the
cause of the issuing of the orders of Paredes and
of his warlike movements.
He asked, then, whether Mexico had not de-
barred herself, after this official notice to our Gov-
ernment, which she had never retracted, from
saying anything else of the commencement of the
state of war, of the cause of it, than the annexa-
tion of Texas? And if, by her declarations, by
her military preparations and movements, all cor-
responding with these declarations, she induced
us to anticipate her attack, had we done anything
inconsistent with right and prudence?
Pie had thus far discussed this question as be-
tween Mexico and the United States. He had not
averted to the acts of the Executive of the United
States, which had been so much discussed on the
other side of the House, because it was immate-
rial. The inquiry was between us and the Mex-
ican Government, and it mattered not whether the
Executive of the United States was justifiable or
not. The honorable gentleman from New York
had arrived at the conclusion that this war was
unjustifiable in a most singular manner—by look-
ing at the acts of the President through the dis-
torted medium of party. Pie said that the act of
the President, in commencing the war, as he
alleged he commenced it, was unnecessary and
unconstitutional, and he therefore concluded that
the war was unjust. There never was a greater
mistake and fallacy of reasoning. If the order of
thu 13th January, 1846, was a palpable violation
of the Constitution, it did not prove that the war
was unjust. Suppose the French Government
were to land an invading army on the coast of
South Carolina, and that the President, without
consulting Congress, should raise an army and
borrow money to resist this invasion, his acts
would be clearly unconstitutional and unnecessary.
But would the quarrel from that reason, as be-
tween us and France, from this cause be unjust on
our part? Pie apprehended that the folia' y on the
part of gentlemen on the other side of the House
was in not distinguishing between the acts of the
Executive and of the nation.
Mexico had always protested against the annex-
ation of Texas. She gave, and had never with-
drawn, her official notice that that act produced a
state of war. Now, was the defence of Mexico
tenable? Was she justifiable, from the reason
which she herself gave in assuming a position
which inevitably led to the commencement of hos-
tilities? Texas was annexed. He would not stop
to discuss the expediency or the propiiety of that
annexation. That had already amply been done.
Texas had become one of us, and she never would
