426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
that the rights of this Government should be as-
serted at the point of the bayonet. All who talked
of compromise and negotiation were denounced as
being- under foreign influences—as British Whip.
Fortunately for the country—fortunately for the
world—these denunciations were not heeded. The
Senate of the United States advised the President
to recede from his extreme and untenable position.
"Wise counsels prevailed. The conservatism of the
Senate saved us from the dreadful calamity of a
war with the most powerful nation of the etirth.
The question toas settled by negotiation^ and that
very lme of compromise was adopted for the advo-
cacy of which the Whig party was denounced as
traitors /"
The heart of the patriot swelled with joy and
thankfulness that the peace of the world was not
to be disturbed. But, if the President was sincere
in the opinion that the title of this Government to
the whole of Oregon was " clear and unquestion-
able,5> then was he derelict of his duty, false to his
country; if he was not sincere, then was he guilty
of deception utterly unwoilhy the high station he
occupies.
Upon the final happy settlement of this contro-
versy, against the recommendation of the President,
and in spite of his efforts to defeat it, his friends
and flatterers, parasites of Executive greatness,
raised the cry of hallelujah, and shouted glory to
our great and mighty President. He has achieved
by peaceful negotiations what other Presidents
labored in vain to accomplish !
After the lapse of two years, he (Mr. C.) again
took his place among the Representatives of the
people, having appealed to his constituents to re-
verse the unrighteous decree of a Democratic ma-
jority of this House; and triumphantly had the
people of Florida vindicated the majesty of the law,
which was so grossly violated in his person. He
returned and found his country involved in war—
not with the powerful kingdom of Great Britain,
but with a feeble sister republic—a war " unneces-
sarily and unconstitutionally commenced by the
President of the United States." He made this
declaration emphatically, for the reason, as he said,
that he was temporarily absent from the Hall when
the vote was taken on the famous amendment of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ashmun,]
and he wished ins position to be distinctly under-
stood.
Had the same course been pursued in reference
to our relations with Mexico which was adopted
in the Oregon controversy, war might and would
have been avoided. But this did not comport with
the purposes and designs of Mr. Polk. He had
" seen visions and dreamed dreams" of military
glory. The roar of the British lion had somewhat
44 frightened him from his propriety," but the hiss
of the Mexican serpent was without its terrors.
And he fondly hoped that, after precipitating his
country in war with so feeble a Power as Mexico,
he could easily wrest from her a vast extent of
territory, and, by the glory of acquisition, cover over
the breach made in the Constitution, ol'-his country.
The conduct of the Presidentot the United States
justified these imputations, in the case of Oregon,
we had an open question of boundary to settle,
which was submitted to Congiess. And the north-
western boundaiy of the United States was settled
by -negotiation. There might have been some pal-
liation for the JPiesidcnt if, on his assuming ihe
rems of Government, in March, 1845, he had
acted in accordance with his declared opinion,
that u our title to the wnole of Oregon was clear
and unquestionable," and ordered the army of the
United States to take position on the lineof 54° 40'.
It might have been said, that as Congress was not
in session, and would not convene for nine months,
there was no reason for delay m taking possession
of a country our light and title to ichich did not ad-
mit rj a question. But the President did not choose
to take this responsibility. lie preferred to wait
and take the advice of Congress as to whethei he .
should cede to Cueat Britain more than live decrees
of teriitory, winch was clearly and unquestionably
ours, or git to Win* with that Government.
In the case of Texas, we also had a question of
boundary, which had been designedly left open by
the terms of tin: joint resolutions of annexation.
No man lias \entuied to say that the title of the
united Sutes to the whole country now claimed
as Texas was " cleat and unquestionable." Con-
gress hud expressly left the question open, £o be
settled by negotiation, because it was uncertain I
how far the western boundary of Texas extended.
But the President of the United States, although
■ Congress was at the time in session, declined to con-
. suit the Representatives of the people, lest they
| might settle this question too by negotiation, and thus
j preserve the peace of the country, and prevent the
. fulfillment of those visions of glory of which he
had dieamed, and deprive him of the exercise of
, that patronage by which he hoped to retain him-
I self and friends in power.
■ The army was ordered to take position on the
! Rio Grande, in a country which was in undisturb-
1 ed possession of Mexican citizens. The flag of
i the United States was insultingly unfurled under
the wails of an important Mexican city; our can-
| non mounted and. pointed upon the town; the mouth
| of the Rio Grande blockaded; and yetwe are grave-
i ly told that Mexico commenced the war! He did
i not propose to inquire into the justice of the war
! itself, or whether Congress ought or ought not to
1 have declaied war against Mcxico. It was imma-
! tcrial whether we had just ground for war or not.
| It was immaterial whether, in the opinion of the
• President, ihe boundary of Texas did or did not
; extend to the Rio Grande; Congress had recognized
; the country between the Nueces and the Rio Grande
j as disputed territory, the right to which was to be
settled by negotiation. The President had no right
■ to decide these questions, and to precipitate tins
country m war. The war-making power is, by
the Constitution, vested in Congress; and if the
President of the United States involves his coun-
try in war with a foreign Power, he is guilty of a
violation of that Constitution, whether there exist
just cause oj ivar or not.
He was astonished, when, a few days ago, he
heard from a distinguished Representative from
the State of South Carolina, [Mr. Rhett,] that
the war-making power was m the President of the
United States. This was going further in defence
of Executive prerogative than he had ever known
before. The President may at his pleasure exer-
cise the sovereign prerogative^ making war, and
Congress has no other power than to declare its
existence. The people of this country would be
startled by the annunciation of this doctrine. But
it is essential to relieve the President from the
charge of an infraction of the Constitution he has
sworn to protect. That the President did make
this war, every candid mind will admit. The gen-
tleman from South Carolina relieves him from the
charge of a violation of the Constitution, by claim-
ing ior the Executive "the war-making" power.
In no other way can the President be defended.
Time would not permit him to discuss this novel,
startling, anti-republican doctrine. He contented
himself wan its statement.
The gentleman from Maryland, from the city of
Baltimore, in his able defence of the President of
the United States, said that " the Texas we annex-
ed was the Texas revolutionized." This, Mr. C.
understood to be the ground assumed by the Whig
party. He subscribed to it most cordially, it
seemed to him that the arguments of gentlemen in
this House, and m the Senate, if argument were ne-
cessary, had so clearly shown that " Texas revo-
lutionized" did not extend to the Rio Grande, that
: not a shade of doubt can rest upon the minds of
those who are not determined not to be convinced.
With deference to the gentleman from Baltimore,
he would say it seemed to him absurd to contend !
that the citizens of Santa P& had achieved a revo-
lutionary right of independence of Mexico. When
did they revolt; when did they declare their inde-
pendence of Mexico; when did they become part
of "Texas revolutionized;" when did they take
part m the Government of Texas; when did they
cease to be represented in the Mexican Congress?
They were Mexican* 9 (said Mr. C.,) friendly to j
the Mexican Government; enemies ot Texas; ene- ;
mies of the United States. With no more pro- :
pnety can it be said that the inhabitants of the 1
States of New Mexico and Tamaulipas, on the j
east bank of the Rio Grande, were Texans. They :
had not revolted from Mexico; they never ac-
knowledged allegiance to " Texas revolutionized." !
They took no part m the Texan revolution. They :j
remained contented citizens of States of the Mex- ',\
ican Republic, and were represented in the Mexi- ||
can Congress. They were m peaceful possession |
of the country, quietly cultivating the soil, imagin-
mg themselves Mexicans, when General Taylor
was ordered to break up Ins camp at Corpus Chris- i
ti. They fled at the approach of the American I
army, firing their houses, not dreaming that they
were Texans, and that by the joint resolution of
annexation, they had been manufactured into free
citizens of the United Suites, and that General
Taylor was commander of an army of their own
countrymen.
"Texas revolutionized" extended beyond the
Nueces. It embraced the valley of that river, both
banks. And Mexicans, none but Mexicans, con-
tinued to occupy both banks of the Rio Grande.
It was into this country and among these people
that the President ordered the army of the United
States, without consulting Congress; and it was
thus that the war with Mexico was begun.
This act of the President, involving his country
in this unfortunate war, has been justly condemned
by the best and wisest men of tins country as an
unconstitutional exercise of power. And for their
condemnation of this Executive act, they are de-
nounced by the defenders of Executive prerogative
as traitors! Those who thought Mr. Polk's rec-
ommendation to Congress in the matter of the
Northwestern boundary was unwise were branded
with the'epithet of "British Whigs." All who
question his policy now are " Mexican Whigs."
Even the President has so far forgotten what was
due to the dignity of his exalted station, as to en-
gage in this disgusting war upon some of the
purest men and truest patriots which this or any
other country has known. Even he has charac-
terized their resistance to his usurpations and
encroachments upon the Constitution as " moral
treason," and fulminated from the throne the foul
libel that they are "affording aid and comfort to
the enemies of the United States."
Mr. INGE here interrupted Mr. Cabell, and
denied that the President ever made such a charge,
and demanded proof.
Mr. CABELL was astonished that this state-
ment should be denied. He believed the gentle-
man from Alabama was the only person who
would question the accuracy of the statement.
The fact was notorious. He would refer the gen-
tleman to the annual message of the President to
Congress in December, 1646. He then contin-
ued—
Yes, sir, it has come to this, that in this 6( free
and enlightened land," where the freedom of
thought and liberty of speech is the pride and boast
of every American citizen, we dare not whisper a
word of opposition to the acts and policy of the
President but that we are traitors to our country.
We, the immediate representatives of the people—•
sentinels upon the watch-tower, to guard the ap-
proaches to the Temple of Liberty, to defend the
sacred Constitution of our country, the palladium
of our rights and liberties—we dare not give warning
of the approach of danger, lest our voice may of-
fend the ear of a Democratic President, whose acts
are not to be too closely scrutinized.
If we condemn the proposition shadowed forth
in the Government paper in this city, to rob the
Catholic churches in Mexico to defray the expenses
of this war, and express our indignation at the
sacrilegious proposal, we are charged with treason.
If we charge that the President of the United
States has usurped the power of Congress and vio-
lated the Constitution by making war upon Mexi-
co, we hear the sound of treason issuing from the
great organ of Democracy in this city—treason,
treason, reverberated through all the organs, big
and little, down to the vilest Democratic banjo that
jingles in the remotest corner of the country.
We ask by what authority did the President,
afteroverrunning Santa Fe, New Mexico, and Cali-
fornia, send his satraps to establish civil govern-
ments in foreign territories, and proclaim the in-
habitants thereof " citizens of the United States/'
and "one with our people! The only response
is " treason."
In the progress of this,war we find the President
of the United States, ivithout the sanction of Con-
gress, without even asking their authority, laying
and collecting taxes, duties, and imposts in Mex-
ico, establishing a tariff for the poits of Mexico, to
raise and provide means for carrying on the. war,
and claiming the right to disburse the money so
raised at Ins discretion, without the authority of
Congress. lie first makes the war, then seeks to
carry it on in such manner as to make money
with which to prosecute it further; makes war to
make money; makes money to make war. These
measures may be right m themselves; but has the
President the right to adopt them ivithout the asunt
