1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
427
of Congress ?■ If he has, then may he at any time
involve his country in war; and if, in this way,
jnoney enough can be raised to defray its expense,
he may laugh at any attempt of Congress to arrest
its progress.
But it is said we must not question the propriety
of all these acts of the President; it is treasonable;
the laws of nations justify the " conqueror" in
doing all that the President has done.
The President of the United States, in his late
message to the Senate, says: "No principle is better
' established than that a nation at war has the right
' of shifting the burden off itself and imposing it
' upon the enemy, by exacting military contnbu-
' tions. The mode of making such exactions must
•be left to the discretion of the conqueror; but it
' should be exercised in a manner conformable to
' the rules of civilized warfare. * * * * The
" ' practice of nations has been in accordance with
" this principle."
He did not propose to question the right of one
nation to levy military contributions upon another
with which it is at war. But is the President of
the United States the American nation ? Is Mr.
Polk the Government of the United States 1
Sir, (said Mr. C.,) it is this doctrine which
alarms the friends of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted Stales; it is this assumption and usurpation of
power, which tends to make the Government a
unit, to consolidate all power in the hands of the
Executive, which the Whig party have denounced.
What, sir, is the doctrine here advanced? I,
James It. Polk, President of the United States and
conqueiorof all Mexico, having made war upon
that republic and overrun her provinces, do estab-
lish therein civil governments, and 1 do ordain that
taxes shall be levied and revenue collected in the
conquered States, as I, " the conqueror," shall
prescribe, and that all moneys collected in the in-
terior or on the Heacoust shall be disbursed accord-
ing to the discretion of " myself, the conqueror."
Sir, the questions presented by these encroach-
ments of the Executive are grave, startling, and
momentous. Mr. C. expressed his regret that his
time would not permit him to dwell longer upon
them. He trusted that some gentleman better com-
petent for the task would present them, in their
true light, to the American people.
Mr. Polk and his friends cannot distinguish be-
tween the President and the.Government of the
United States; between their party and their coun-
try. Wc condemn ceitain acts of the President;
but this proves no want of loyalty to our country
or love lor its Constitution. We condemn these
acts because we believe they militate againU the
inleml of our country, and are in violation of its
Constitution. Willi these Democratic gentlemen
their cuuntiy is their purhj; to assail that party,
or its head, is to assail all they know and love of
country.
In speaking of these unauthorized and unjustifi-
able acts of the President, he would not imitate
Mr. Polk's example, and charge linn with trea-
son or wilful violation of the Constitution of his
country, lie thought that "too much" power
" had made him mad." In the language of a dis-
tinguished friend of the President in Tennessee,
[Mr. Aaron V. Brown,] he was willing to believe
that " the error was ill the head, not the heart."
And who are they who are thus stigmatized as
"Mexican Whigs," " giving aid and comfort to
the enemy?" The distinguished Senator from
South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] and lii.s friends,
Mexico. Another eminent Whig Senator [Mr.
Crittenden] has two gallant sons wi.li the army
in Mexico. -They are " Mexican Whigs!" Hen-
ry Clay, at the mention of whose name the heart
of every Whig thrills with emotion, sent his be-
loved son to die on the plains of Mexico. My
gallant friend who sits near me, [Mr. Haskell, of
Tennessee,] who so nobly sustained himself and
the honor of his State and his country at the battle
ofCerroGordo,isoneof these " Mexican Whigs."
It would take hours to enumerate the Whig offi-
cers and Whig men who have rendered distinguish-
ed service in this war. They will live in the pages
of history and in the hearts of their countrymen.
These are "Mexican Whigs!" Scott, whose his-
tory will be perhaps the brightest page in the his-
tory of our country, who has won for himself and
his country a reputation wide as the world, and
has achieved exploits the brilliant lustre of which
time can never dim, is another " Mexican Whig."
And that glorious old chief, the prestige of whose
name is to the American army more than hosts of
armed men—who, when our soldiers for a moment
faltered and called for reinforcements, bade them
" Onward ! I and Major Bliss will support you,"
and by his voice and presence inspired confidence,
zeal, and enthusiasm which no power could resist,
and which swept from the plains of Buena Vista
the untold .hosts of Santa Anna—he who, "asking
no favoisand shrinking from no responsibility,"
" never surrenders," but leads his followers on to
certain victory—he who litis a hold upon the affec-
tions of the people of this country such as has not
been known since the days of Washington—he
who has been or will be chosen as the leader of
the Whig party in the great civil battle to be
fought in .November next, and who will drive
from their high places the party now in power,
which has so signally abused the trust a generous
people confided to them, and brought such due
calamities upon our country—who will scatter
them as he did the Mexicans at liuena Vista—he
whom the current of popular sentiment is bearing
onward to the Presidency with a force and power
that will sweep every obstacle before it—lie, Gen-
eral Zaehary Taylor, is a " Mexican Whig!"
And here he begged permission to read a letter
which he met with in a daily paper this morning,
which would be found to be an answer to the state-
ment of gentlemen opposite, that General Taylor
was not a Whig, and therefore could not be the
Whig candidate. It was of recent date, and was
written by General Taylor to his friend Colonel
Mitchell, of Cincinnati, it was as follows:
'• H \*ion Koi'hk, (La.) rebmuri/ 12, 1818.
{1My dear < "olomki.: Yourver) kiud coinniiiiiieaiion and
tin' «u i-oiiijMii vuij; m'H *.pa|>i'r have duly ie.it lied mi1.
" in reply To I In- Wo-au^ mum U <>l \ our { haw n
he-italii'ii Hi "latum, i haw; elated on loinier occasion
tliai i.11n a Win*, (jjotirrii not an ultra one, and that l tan
)i j to coit'cu/ thmjuct (torn uiiy of (h< of
tin: I mtfd Stufrs. I dn m it but candid, houcvei, >o add.
timt if liu* Wing [iinty (Icmic at tne nexf PicMdential elec-
tion to ca t tlirn\oir>> loi me, tin:) mn-tdoiion thur own
riv<poiiMbihly, and without any pledgor horn me
" i^liouhl i 1)0 chicled to thatollic<, I should deem it to be
my duty, and should ino.-t eeitamly claim the uylit, to loo!;
to tlio Constitution and the high inteie.-t-i ol" our common
country, and not to the principles of a patty, for in> mica of
action.
"With my sinc>*rest thanks for your expii^ion of friend-
ship, and my b«^t wihhes for your sne.*eas through life, I
rtmi.un, verv truly, join mend and obedient servant,
I * '-Z. TA\ LOii.
j £tOol. A. <M. Mitchell, Cincinnati, Ohio
| When the last lines of the second paragraph
were rend there was a burst of laughter horn the
who have condemned the war policy of the Presi- !| Democratic side of the House, which was cordially
dent; the entire Whig party of this country—a
majority of the people oi' the United States. It is
too well known to be denied, that by far the greater
portion of the officer;* of the roguiar army, who
have distinguished themselves in the various bat-
tles in Mexico, are Whigs; and it is notorious that
a majority of those who have volunteered for this
war are Whigs. Whig fathers and Whig mothers
have sent their sons to the battle-field. They con-
demned the act of the President m bringing on the
war. But it was enough for Whigs to know that
their country icas at war, and called upon her sons
to fight, her battles; and, without stopping to in-
quire how war was brought about, they rushed
to the field to maintain their country's honor or
to die. These are " Mexican Whigs!" We have
but recently been called to sympathize with an
illustrious member of the Whig party, [Mr. Web-
ster,} for the loss of a son who fell a victim to
disease in the military service of his country, in
! returned by the Whigs at the end of the third para
; graph.]
1 Mr. C. continued and said, the sentiments of that
I letter were such as the Whig party ever desired to
! administer this Government upon. They were
| always desirous " to look to the Constitution and
) the high interests of our common country." They
i were satisfied that General Taylor was a Whig,
! and they asked from him no pledges by which the
j country might be involved in war. They asked
I him not to pledge himself to carry out the resolu-
! tions of an irresponsible party convention. Here
General Taylor had assumed the true platform on
which the Whjgs would administer the Govern-
ment. They weie willing to abide by the Consti-
tution as it is; and on that Constitution General
Taylor had taken hi3 position, with the declaration
that he is a Whig. Gentlemen might smile at this
statement that General Taylor would act on the
principles of the Constitution. He (Mr. C.) had
shown that the party now in power had utterly
disregarded the principles of the Constitution, and
it was natural for them to smile at the statement
that General Taylor would be governed by the
Constitution.
Mr. C. continued. He meant no disparagement
of the gen tlemen of the Democratic party who have
rendered gallant services in the war. Butler, &uit-
man, Shields, Davis, Yell, and hundreds of others,
richly deserve the meed of praise they have re-
ceived. They enjoy and are entitled to the grati-
tude and thanks of their country. Men of each
party,in Mr. C.'s own Slate and elsewhere,seemed
to have vied with each other in their efforts to be
first to respond to the call for volunteers. Mr. C.
said he proposed not to institute invidious compari-
sons, but to repel the slanderous aspersion upon
the party with which he acted, that they are " trai-
tors to their country," and would afford " aid and
comfort to the enemy."
Mr. C. said he was not inclined to throw back
this charge into the face of those who made it,
though he thought the admission of Santa Anna
and his generals into Mexico would justify him.
But he begged to suggest to those who thus slan-
dered the Whig party, whether they do not afford
" aid and comfort to the enemy" by their unceas-
ing efforts to convince the people of this country
and Mexico that the Whig party, composed of a
majority of the people of the United States, and
having a majority of Representatives on this floor,
arc lt traitors to their own country, and Mexicans
at heart." If any such false impression exists
among the Mexicans and influences their action,
the Democratic party is responsible for it. We
(continued Mr. C.) have condemned certain acts
of Mr. Polk, but as regards the honor and interest
of our country, we know but one party, and that
is for our country. If the Mexicans are mad and
foolish enough to believe that a majority of the
people of the United States are traitors, and dis-
posed to give them aid and comfort, it is because
of the reiterated false charges of the President of
the United States and his friends.
The country has been told that the Whig party
has protracted this war by preventing its " vigor-
ous prosecution." How could the Whig party
have prevented the " vigorous prosecution" of the
war if they had the disposition ? The President
is a Democrat, the Senate is and has been Demo-
cratic; the last House of Representatives was
Democratic two to one. What power have the
Whigs had to prevent this "greater vigor" in the
prosecution of the war? None, sir. This is like
all the other false and unscrupulous charges against
the Whi^s. Except the proposition to create the
office of lieutenant general to supersede such men
as Scott and Taylor, every measure recommended
by the President, in connection with this war, has
been adopted; not o*ip dollar nor one man asked for
has been refused. The day after the rcceipt of
tidings of the commencement of hostilities, ten mil-
lions of dollars were appropriated, and authority
given to the President to call out fifty thousand
volunteers; other and larger sums were appropria-
ted as they were asked for. Ten new regiments
were added to the regular army. How, then, is
the Whig party, how is Congress responsible for
any mismanagement or want of vigor in the pros-
ecution of the war? The President, and he ulone,
is responsible. What has been Ins policy ? Gen-
eral Taylor was sent with less than three thousand
men to the Rio Grande, as if to provoke a battle.
Had he gone with a large force, there is leason to
believe there would have been no fighting, no war.
He had been* informed there are papers on file in
the War Department showing that the President
was advised what would be the consequence of
sending so small a force, and urging him to in-
crease General Taylpr's command, assuring him
that, in such case, Arista would not cross the
river. But this did not suit the views of the Pres-
ident. He seems to have sought to precipitate the
country in war, thinking he wouM have a glorious
campaign of a few months, and signalize his Ad-
ministration by the acquisition of immense territo-
rial possessions. War was the natural and neces-
sary consequence of his folly. The battles of Palo
Alto'and the Palm Ravine were and won
against overwhelming numbers. The enemy was
pursued to the Rio Grande, and General Taylor
writes to the department " if he had been furnished
with the means which he had asked for," he could
have at once crossed the river and captured or cut
