428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
to pieces the entire Mexican army. Here is an j
instance of " vigorous prosecution." Why was |
not General Tay lor's request complied with? Why
was not the ponton train furnished? Was the
Whig; party responsible for this gross neglect of
the War Department15
When the veteran Gaines, then at New Orleans,
heard of the troubles pn the Rio Grande, he took
the responsibility of making a requisition on the
Governor of Louisiana for troops to be sent to
the aid of General Taylor. The President, in-
stead of applauding the zeal and promptness of
General Gaines, countermanded the requisition,
and that gallant old soldier, who showed more
judgment and knowledge of Mexican character
than every member of the Administration at Wash-
ington, was subjected to the mortification of a
court-martial.
The arrival of troops at General Taylor's camp
was thus delayed. Is the Whig party responsible
for this?
After waiting four months, during which time
the Mexican army was reorganizing and increased,
General Taylor reached Monterey with about
6,000 troops. The city in the mean time had been
well fortified.
The battle of Monterey was fought and won; but
the great advantage was lost winch would have
been gained if a sufficient force had been sent for-
ward. Is the Whig party responsible for this loss
of four months, and for the failure to capture the
entire Mexican army at Monterey in consequence
of the insufficient force under command of General
Taylor* No, sir, the responsibility is with the
President. He is responsible for the valuable
lives lost in the bloody fights before and in the
streets of Monterey. If lie had promptly dis-
patched the men he was authorized to call into the
service of the United States, there would have been
no fighting—no blood spilt.
The country well knows how long it was before
General Taylor could advance upon Saltillo, in
consequence of want of men and necessary sup-
plies. At last he reached Saltillo, when his troops
were withdiawn, except about 5,000 volunteers
and a handful of regulars, to reinforce General
Scott, who had been ordered to embark for Vera
Cruz.
Why were these troops withdrawn? Why did
not the President call into the field more of the
50,000 volunteers which he had authority to receive
into service? Sir, the answer is plain. The Pres-
ident wanted nerve, and was afraid to call out the
men necessary to a vigorous and successful prose-
cution of the war, lest the tax-paying people would
be alarmed at the evidence it would give of the
enormous expense the war would entail upon the
country.
The troops were withdrawn, and GeneralTaylor
checked in his forward match to the interior of
Mexico. Santa Anna assailed him with a force
five times his own. Few generals would have
ventured to fight the battle of Buena Vista. None
but General Taylor could have won if.
For the immense loss of life at Buena Vista the
President of the United States is responsible. If
he had ordered the necessary force to join General
Taylor, wc would not now mourn the loss of the
brave officers and men who fell m that sangui-
nary conflict.
The embarkation of General Scott for Vera Cruz
was delayed for months. Why this delay? Is
the Whig party responsible for it? Why did not
the President have more troops in the field at an
earlier date ?
After the bombardment, of Vera Cruz and the
battle of Cerro Gordo, General Scott could not
advance upon the city of Mexico for the want of
troops. Why was this? Why had they not been
sent forward? More than four months he awaited
reinforcements at Puebla, and then advanced, with
an insufficient force, to win the glorious but bloody
bar ties before the city of Mexico. For months
after these bullies ti oops continued to arrive. Why,
1 repeat, were they not sent forward sooner5 Was
the Whig party responsible ?
This is what is calied a "vigorous prosecution
of the war!" Never, he would venture to say,
never was there a war the conduct of which was
more characterized by imbecility and want of vigor
on the part of any Government. Our army has
achieved miracles. The President seems to have
expected impossibilities. This war has now been
"waged for near two years. The progress of our
army, notwithstanding the gross and criminal ne-
glect and mismanagement of the Administration,
has been a succession of triumphs. Its glorious
career, so grateful to the hearts of Americans, must
fill the world with admiration. Its brilliant achieve-
ments stand almost unrivalled in the annals of his-
tory. Abroad we have greatly added to our fame
j and reputation as a warlike people, and occupy an
exalted position among the most poweiful nations
J of the world. But (said Mr. C.) these brilliant
triumphs and this foreign reputation have been
j most dearly won. Appalling is the number of
| lives our country mourns, and startling the magni-
i tade of the debt entailed upon our people,
j Mr. C. then briefly alluded to the vast expense
i of the military operations in Mcxico. He could
I not go into details, but the public debt at the end
i of the war would probably reach one hundred and
| fifty millions of dollars. Individual loss, in some
j instances, would be proportionately greater.
It is difficult, if not impossible, to estimate the
loss of life sustained in this war. The killed m
battle are alone reported. These are not equal to
a tithe of those who die of disease. The number
of those who return with shattered constitutions
to die among their friends is still greater.
Mr. C. said he had no knowledge or experience
on this subject except what he deiived from the two
companies which have gone to Mexico from his dis-
trict. From one of these he had a letter, of recent
date, in which it is stated that of about eighty men
\v ho left Florida a few months ago, but twenty-three
were able to leave Jalapa, and some of these were
sick. T..e rest had died, or were lying ill in hos-
pitals, or had been discharged as unfit for further
duty. Sir, this is homble !
Notwithstanding this waste of money and dread-
ful loss of life, as yet no good practical result has
been attained. The settlement of our difficulties
and the prospects of peace with Mexico seem to
be as far removed as ever. It is tiue, a treaty of
peace is said to be under consideration in the Sen-
ate. But it came m " such a questionable shape,'5
that he could have 110 confidence in the fulfillment
of its stipulations. Whenever and wherever (he
continued) our troops have encountered those of
Mexico, they have triumphed. The " impiegnabie
castle of San Juan cle Ulua.'' has fallen; the proud
capital of the republic has capitulated, and our vic-
torious army is now revelling in the fai-famed
" halls of the Montezumus,'' we have u penetrated
into the vital parts of Mexico;'"'more than two-
thirds of her temtory has been overrun by our
troops; and yet no paity m Mexico, except that
which is supported and protected by our armyf talks
of peace except to denounce its supposed advo-
cates. He had not the tannest expectation that
this treaty, as it was called, made by a private
citizen of the United States, without authority from
this Government, and who had been expiessiy
oidered not to enter into correspondence with the
enemy, could ever become the law of the land, or
that any peace it pretended to guaranty would be
[ observed.
It was universally admitted that it would not be
ratified by the Senate of the United States without
' important modifications. And even if our Senate
should consent to give more than *,20,000,000 for
; the miserable country, and more miserable popu-
, lation, proposed to be ceded to us, we have no lea-
son to oelieve that the C'ongiess of Mexico will
consent to this forced sale ol their temtory, poor
and barren as it is. If it was so certain as has
been said, that the Mexican Congress would ratify
1 the treaty, why was Mr. Fieaner hurried off? Why
. did he not wait for its ratification? No, sir; the
people of Mexico are opposed to any such treaty.
And if it be ratified at all, it will be by a go\ern-
ernment to be patched up by ourselves, and whose
tottering proportions must be sustained by our
arms. He would not speak of the dishonor and
infamy of such an act, tor he knew that no such
appeal would have weight with the present Exec-
utive. But does any man suppose that a permanent
peact; can be thus obtained ? bo soon as ourttoops
shall be withdrawn, the government which ive
: have made to treat with us will be overthrown, and
j the war resumed.
I Admitting thp possibility of the ratification of
s the treaty by the Congress of Mexico, and the
; Senate of the United States, there is reason to fear
; that when it comes into this House the principle
_ of the Wilmot proviso will be tacked on to the bill
1 making appropriations to carry it into execution.
These are the ordeals through which the treaiy
must pass.
Mr. C. said he trusted he was deceived in his
fears that we were not to have peace. God grant
that he might be! He would be glad to have peace
on almost any terms—even on the terms proposed
in the present treaiy. But he had no confidence,
none, that the war was to be thus ended, and he
would proceed as though he had not heard of the
treaty.
And now the question presents itself, What is
best to be done to meet the exigency of our public
affairs, and to relieve the country from the embar-
rassments in which it is involved? Fof near two
years we have endeavored to 11 conquer a peace."
Shall we continue our unavailing efforts?
It has been gravely proposed that we go on
" conquering and to conquer" till we subjugate the
" whole of Mexico," and annex it to the United
States—till, in the language of a distinguished
Senator fiom Michigan, we " swallowed the whole
of it." He was aware that this design was de-
nied by the Administration and its friends. But
their denial should not affect our belief. They
denied that negotiations were goingon with Great
Britain pending the discussion of the Oregon ques-
tion in the last Congress. They denied the pass
to Santa Anna. They denied that Mr. Trist had
been sent as commissioner to Mexico. They
denied the truth of the rumors as to the present
treaty. He could not take time to enumerate the
instances in which they denied what they knew
to he true. They have foifeited all confidence in
their declarations. We are left to infer iheir de-
signs from their acts; and every act is cumulative of
the evidence that the acquisition or absorption of
Mexico is their real object. Why do they send
troops to California to be disbanded there ? Why do
they insist upon overrunning the whole country.
In most of the Democratic meetings throughout
the country we find the idea of the acquisition of
the whole of Mexico prominent. At the famous
dinner in the " temple of Democracy," in this city,
in January last, at which were convened the Vice
President of the Unued States and all the high priests
of Democracy, this was the theme of discouise, and
the sentiment was received with universal enthu-
siasm. Wc hear daily from distinguishf-d Demo-
cratic Senators and members of this House that the
absorption of Mexico is our " inevitable destiny.M
The cabalistic phrase of" the whole or none" has
been dropped, and they now " go for all contiguous
terntoiy." It is understood that the most talent-
ed and influential member of Mr. Polk's Cabinet
is an open advocate of this measure.
Mr. C. continued. There is reason to fear and
believe that such are the purposes and designs of
the party now in power. Nothing, he said, but
the conservatism of the Whig party and the suc-
cess of its measures can prevent theirfulfillment.
He considered the treaty now before the Senate
but a link in the chain of evidence. Should it be
ratified, we acquire nearly one-half of Mexico. He
had already said he had no hope that it would
secure us a lasting peace. The terms of it are such
that hostilities vv ouid necessarily be renewed. We
would again be called on to " prosecute the war
Mgorousiy," ond more territory would be demand-
ed to defray the expense of its prosecution.
Sir, this idea—the conquest and absorption of
Mexico—has become familiar to the public mind.
It no longer shocks the public sense of justice and
morality. He referred to the following article
from the Louisville Journal:
" A little over fort\ ycirs a<<o, Aaton Burr w.is brouant to
tria! on a charge of treason, tor undertakinsr to r.u-  w tthm
tile limits o! the United States the means oi \\r> stint' \i~
co from the dominion ot Spain Jt w.i* tPMPun lUcn t-'ulriMin
or the connui'-f nt Mexico, hut iti-f the height of patriot -
lMn to undeitake it!"
The editor of the Louisville Journal is rhrht: the
conquest of Mexico, and not the dismemberment of
the Union, was Burr's real object.
He repeated that each day more clearly develops
the real object of the present leaders of the Demo-
cratic party. He added that tiie only hope for the
country was the overthrow of this Administration.
If that could not be accomplished, the absorption of
the whole tenitory of Mexico becomes inevitable.
The Whig patty, he said, and whatever of con-
servatism there was m the Democratic party, will
resist to the last a measure fraught with conse-
quences so fatal to our Republic. But at times,
he said, his heart misgave him, and he feared that
the disorganizing principles of " progressive De-
