THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
FRTDAY, MARCH 10, 1848.
that the party who had justice on his side was
about to be sold out, having: been deprived of jus-
tice for four years, and was in a desperate condi-
tion. That was but one case. He knew not how
many cases there were of a similar character. He
thought the House should take the subject into
consideration and adopt some system, if it were
possible, by which these judges could be constrain-
ed to greater progress,or beenabled to "make greater
progress, (as it was said they were now unable to
do.) For his part, he found that the increasing;
the length of the terms which they held had riot
increased the number of cases disposed of. He
went into some details to show the fact, that the
despatch of business was not as great before that
court now as formerly.
Now, it was of the utmost moment to the State
which he had the honor in part to represent that
they should have the circuit judges go there; and
he was in doubt whether it was of more importance
to have the Supreme Court deciding here or going
into the circuit of Mississippi. But he thought ft
was better that they should go on here and attempt
to clear the docket. With this object he moved
the amendment of one year. If adopted, it would
enable this Congress—upon whom lie thought was
devolved the duty—to change the judiciary system
within that time. For himself, he was convinced
that much of that which was said by the gentle-
man from Missouri was true. If we once relieved
the Supreme Court judges from circuit court at-
tendance, even for a limited time, he was afraid
they would never again attend to circuit court du-
ties; and the result would be that we should have
nine judges for life fastened upon this Government.
But on account of the largeness of the docket lie
was willing to relieve them fiom the performance
of circuit duties for one year, hoping that there
would be a reform in our judicial Bystem.
He suggested a change'in the places for holding
the court, and suggested that it should sit in two
different places of the Union for the accommoda-
tion of suitors and parties of the legal profession.
He also intimated that Washington, during the
excitement of a session of Congress, was less fa-
vorable for the despatch of business than any other
place would be. He suggested a reconstruction of
the court itself, but reserved the expression of his
opinion on that point until a promised hill to reform
the Judiciary should come up for discussion, and
concluded by urging the adoption of his amend-
ment.
Mr. VINTON said this was not a hill, lie
thought, for the relief of the Supreme Court, but j
for the relief of its suitors. He could bear testi- '
mony to the tiuthfuluess of the remarks of the
gentleman from Mississippi. He had a cause on
the docket himself, which had been there for
three years without being reached; and this fact,
he was of opinion, was an inducement with some
parties to carry up their cases, ns thereby they
availed themselves of the delay which an appeal
produced. To appeal to the Supreme Court of
the United States was in many cases an absolute
denial of justice, and something should be done to
remedy the existing evil. If one year would he
sufficient to enable the judges to dispose of the
business on the docket,'he should be content to
adopt, the amendment of the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi; but he believed the number of oases was
one hundred and fifty or one hundred and sixty.
Mr. J. R, INGERSOLL. After disposing of
those that would be disposed of during the present
term.
Mr. VINTON had excluded those decided
during the present term, which were about forty
in number. To dispose of those, however, the
court had sat since the first Monday in December;
and at that rate he feared one year would not be
sufficient to dispose of those which remained.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved the previous ques-
tion, which was seconded; and, under its opera-
tion, the amendment of Mr. Thompson was agreed
to. •
The question was then put on the substitute for
the bill which was offered on a previous day by
Mr. Bowlin, and it was rejected.
28
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and, being engrossed, was read
a third time.
And the question being "Shall this bill pass?"
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Green Adams, Barrow, Bavlv,
Hedinger, Bocock, Boydon, Brodhead,Brady,Bridges, Burt,
Butler, Cabell, Canhy, Chapman, Ciimrman, Howell Col>b,
Cocke, Conger, Cranston, Diekev, Dixon, Duer, Garnett
Duncan, Dunn, Eekert, Edsall, Embree, Nathan Evans,
Farrelly, Freedlev, Pulton, Gaines, Gavle, Giddings, Goggin,
Green, Gregory, Grinneli, Hale, Nathan If. Hall, James G.
Hampton, Harris, Henry, Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt, 1n<re,
Joseph It. Inger.coll, Iverson, John VV. Jones, Daniel P.
Kins, Levin, McLane, Marsh, Marvin, Morehead, Nelson,
Palfrey, Pendleton, Petrie, Preston, Putnam, Reynolds,
Julius Rockwell, Ritmsey, St. John, Rhepperd, Silvester,
, Truman Pmith, Stanton, Stephens, Strohm, Strong, Thibo-
deau\". Taylor, Jacob Thompson, Richard IV. Thompson,
John B. Thompson, Robert A. Thompson, Toomhs, Tuck,
Van Dvke, Venabje, Vinton, Warren, White, and Wood-
ward—89.
NAYS—Messrs. Bcale, Rirjsall. Black, Rmvlin, Rnyd,
Charles Brown, Ruckncr, Collins, Crozicr. Bonncll. Fc.itli-
erston, Ficklin, Fhher,Fries, Gmt,Mosos Hampton, Hentev,
Hill, T3!ias B. Holmes, fii'orjc S. Houston, Charles J. m rr-
snll, Jenkins, Robert VV. Johnson, fiporgc W. Jones, Kel-
1022, Kennon, I,alim, Sidney l,nwrence, Lefller, l,inrnln,
t.orrt, Btaelav, McClelland, McOtrrmuul, McKay. Mann,
| Miller, Monis, Murpliv. Outlaw, Pea-lee. Peek, Pcvtmi,
Pollock, liiehardsnn, Richev, Robinxon. Rock hill. Hoot,
] Sawver,Simpson,Suns,Smart,TliomaH,Tompkins,Turner,
j anil Wick—HO. ' '
So the hill was passed and sent to the Senate for
concurrence.
The following is the bill ns it passed:
A BII.T. supplemental to the net entitled " An aetconccrn-
in  ilie Supreme Collit of tin; United States," approved
June 17, 181-1. ' "
Be it eiuirlctl, tjv., That for and during the term of one
year fiom the passim: of this act, it shall not he the ilutv of
the JtMiees of the Supreme Court to attend any circuit
court, and the business of the Supreme Court shall reeeive
the undivided attention of the Justices oCihe Supreme Court,
with power to adjourn from time to tune, and to hold their
sittincs at such tiuiev and with such intervals as the pressure
of business may permit and require: Provided, That nothing
herein contained shall be construed to take away the right
of any Justice of the Supreme Court, in his discretion, to
attend any terms of the proper circuit court which may have
been designated for him, whenever in his opinion tbe'publie
Interest may require it, nnil liis attendance at the Supreme
Court may, without injury or inconvenience, be dispensed
with.
Ml*. TIIIBODKAUX moved to suspend the
rules, to enable him to move, to dischanre the
Committee of the Whole from the. hill relating- to
the collection district of New Orleans, and for
other purposes. Ayes noes 58. Two-thirds ;
not voting in the affirmative, the motion was not !
agreed to.
Mr. McKAY, previous notice having been
given, introduced a bill requiring all moneys re-
ceivable from customs, and from all other sources,
to be paid immediately into the treasury, without
any abatement or deduction, and for other pur-
poses, Read and referred.
Mr. GRINNFXL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill to provide for the ventilation
of passenger vessels, and for other purposes. Read
and committed.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, asked leave to intro-
duce a joint resolution, of which previous notice
had been given, giving the thanks of Congress to
Brigadier General Pricc and Colonel Alexander
W. Doniphan.
It being objected to—
Mr. HALL moved to suspend the rules, on
which the yeas and nays were taken, and resulted
—yeas 93, nays 55. Two-thirds not voting in the
affirmative, the rules were not suspended.
. Mr. COCKE asked leave to introduce the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be, and
they are hereby, directed to report to this Douse a suitable
joint resolution awarding gold medals to such officers* or sol-
diers of the army as have distinjjinshed themselves in the
war with iVfexiro, and who should receive this maiked com-
pliment at the hands of Congress.
Objection being made, Mr. COCKE moved to
suspend the rules; which motion being agreed to,
the resolution was received.
Mr. COCKE moved the previons^uestion, which
was seconded; and, under its operation, the reso-
lution was adopted.
New Series No. 28.
Mr. HILL, previous notice having been given,
introduced a bill to increase the pay of the private
soldiers engaged in the war with Mexico. Read
and referred.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, presenfed a jointreso*
lution of* the Legislature of the State of Georgia,
for a mail route between Biairsville and Mount
Yonah.
Mr. CABELL presented sundry resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of Florida on various
subjects; which were appropriately referred, and
ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. FULTON,
Resoled, That the Committee on the Post OfficTand Po?t
Roads inquire into the expediency of establishing a post
route from Meehaniesbtiry;, in Giles county, Virginia, to
Perry's Store, in the county of Tazewell, and report by bill
or otherwise.
Mr. LORD asked leave to introduce a resolution
directing the Commissioner of Patents to cause an
examination to be made of all the models m his
department of metallic air-tight coffins for trans-
portation of bodies, and report the result thereof
to the House wjthout delay.
It beinff objected to—
Mr. LORD moved to suspend the rules; but be-
fore the question was taken,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March fi, 1848.
Mr. DICKINSON rose, and stated that he was
not much in the habit of troubling the Senate with
complaints as to the. manner in which his remarks
were reported. But he felt it due to himself to
correct a misapprehension which had found its
way into some newspapers published at a distance.
It would be recollected that he presented, a day or
two ago, some resolutions adopted at a mass meet-
ing held at Saratoga, which he had designated the
old battle-grounds of the Revolution. In some
papers it had been erroneously represented that
these resolutions breathed a spirit of opposition to
the war with Mexico. Instead of this, the very
reverse was the fact, as they were approbatory of
the war. Although the resolutions would speak
for themselves, he had deemed it proper publicly
to notice the error.
Mr. DICKINSON picsented a petition from
John Enekson, asking compensation for services
rendered as engineer in planning and superintend-
ing the construction of the steam machinery of the
United States steamer Princeton; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Naval Afiairs.
Mr. MILLER presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of New Jersey, affirming the declaration
of the sentiments of the Chicago convention, in
favor of the improvement of the harbors and navi-
gable rivers of the country through the action of
the General Government; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOOTE presented a petition from the heirs
of Colonel James Mayson, asking compensation
for the services of said Mayson during the revolu-
tionary war; which was referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Chums.
Also a petition from Volney E. Howard and
others, asking to be relieved from certain bonds
held against them by the United States in payment
for certain lands which had been previously lo-
cated; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Also, a petition from Luke Lea and David Shel-
ton, asking lor a grant of land in Mississippi, for
the purpose of experimenting on turpentine; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented a peti-
tion from certain enlisted men of the Ordnance
corps, asking to lie placed on the same footing in
reference to reenlistments as other soldiers; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BRADBURY presented a petition from
Ambrose H. Abbott and others, citizens of Maine,
asking the establishment of a mail route from Ban-
gor to Augusta, through Frankfort, Monroe, &c.;
