486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 7,
partment, or charge them with having done wrong.
But under the doubtful wording of the law, it was
highly probable that the department had come to
the best conclusion possible, although the law, as
construed- by them, was unjust in its operation.
He had not intended to reflect upon the depart-
ment.
Mr. WICK (resuming) remarked,that the boun-
ty-land law provided that warrants should be given
to all the soldiers of our army who received an
honorable .discharge. That phrase "honorable
discharge" had a technical construction; it meant
a written discharge over the hand of the commis-
sioned officer, certifying that the individual had
been honorably discharged from the service of the
country. In all legislation, in common parlance,
it had never received any other meaning. There-
fore, promotion was not an " honorable discharge."
This was an oversight in their legislation. When
the bounty-land law was under consideration, it
was not foreseen that privates would become
officers by election—probably it was not thought
of. But the facts had turned out, that in the case
of officers who die or resign, their places must be
filled, and filled by election. The votes, the free
suffrages of their companions in arms, were the
highest evidence of their merit. But in conse-
quence of their being promoted, they never would
receive an honorable discharge; they were not
private soldiers, and no others were entitled to a
discharge. Therefore they were not within the
letter of the law.
Within his own knowledge, there were two or
three privates who had been elected within a few
days of the expiration of their term of service-
receiving thus a few weeks' compensation as offi-
cers, to the exclusion of their bounty lands. This
was not just. It was not the intention of eithtr
House of Congress. To supply the defect, there-
fore, it was necessary to pass a law making pro-
motion equivalent to an honorable discharge.
It was said by the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. P<ili.ock,] that it was desiiable
to refer this bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, that other meritorious cases
might be provided for. Mr. W. should waste no
words nor make any high-sounding declaiations .
of his readiness to extend hounty-iand warrants to
those who had rendered military services in times
past. But he would say this, that the leference
of this hill) for an object of this kind, in all proba-
bility, would be fatal. To send it to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, j[
would be like sending it to kingdom come—to that
bourne whence, it was said, nothing returned. ',i
Sufficient to the. day is the evil thereof. They
had a proposition before them making provision
for those who, in the legislation of last Congress,
were forgotten. As wise men, let them keep it
separate from everything else. This meritorious
measure ought not to be strangled by an entangling ;
alliance. ~ |
An honorable gentleman had said, that this was 1
a provision involving a large amount of expendi-
ture. This was a very grejt error. At the extent,
there were nor more than twenty to forty peirsons ■
who had enlisted as privates, and who had been '
elevated by election to the rank of officers. They
might receive scrip for four thousand dollars. This
was the whole of the immense expenditure of which
the gentleman spoke.
There was no occasion for referring the bill to j
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the <
Union. It was a measure which might be passed J
immediately without any such reference, for it
made no appropriation. It was declaratory only
in its provisions. It declared what was the intcn- "
tion of a former Congress. It was to make pro-
motion equivalent to an honorable discharge. He 'i
hoped that those who honestly desired to do jus- i
tir,f to a worthy, to the most worthy class of men
who went into the service of their country, would '
pot seek to strangle this bill, either by referring it
to the Committee" of the Whole on the state of the
Union, or by connecting with it a provision for any
other set of men whatever. Let the provision ^
which ought to he made for any other class of '
meritorious individuals, whether the soldiers of the -
Revolution, of rhe war of 1812, or of the wars with
the Indians, come up in separate bills. They
should be considered on their own merits, each
class standing- by itself, and the House would be
enabled to vote understandiugly.
Mr. VINTON, remarking that the morninghour
had some time since expired, and that if the House men must confine themselves to its merits, with-
went into Committee of the Whole on the state of i; out remarking upon collateral subjects, and sub-
the Union now, this would be the first business in jects which did not come within the fair range of
the morning, and in the mean time gentlemen would \> the explanation of the amendment.
have an opportunity to examine the provisions of j! The question was now on the amendment of the
the bill, moved that the House resolve itself into jj gentleman from Louisiana. [Mr. Thibodeaux.]
Mr. DICKEY moved to amend the amendment
so as to strike out the whole item, except for
charge d'affaires to Naples, $,4,500.
His object in making that motion he would
briefly state. These new missions, which were
about to be created for the first time, were recom-
mended by the President of the United States in
• his annual message at the commencement of the
| present session of Congress, in which he stated
,! that estimates would be furnished for the oufits to
j these new ministers. These estimates were not
;! among the deficiencies for the present fiscal year.
They were not an item of deficiency. They were
\ not yet created. The object and intention of the
President in recommending them, and the object
: and intention of the committee in including them
' now, must have been for the purpose of creating
!; these missions at this time, before the expiration
j! of the present fiscal year. Now, he was not sen-
«; sible of any necessity for the institution of these
I1 missions at all, to any one of the places proposed,
j, He was not aware, from any evidence which the
|i House had before them, that our consuls might
I not attend to all our commercial interests at these
points; and he was not one of those who would
\\ increase the patronage of the Executive at his
The CHAIRMAN remarked, before the ques- ij pleasure and bidding, however gentlemen on the
tion was taken on the appeal, he would state the jj other side of the Hall misjht be disposed to do. He
precise question before the committee. The gentle- |t trusted that this side of the House would examine
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Brown] had offered ,! question before they created these missions,
an amendment to the amendment of the gentle- i. They would have ample opportunity if they were
man from Louisiana, [Mr. Thibodeat'X.] The | introduced into the appropriation bills for 1849.
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, wished to know
if gentlemen could dispose of bills here without any !
action whatever? i
The SPEAKER replied that the motion to go 1
into Committee of the Whole was always in order. j
DEFICIENT APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. "Vinton's motion being agreed to, the House
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole, (Mr. ,
Hunt, of New York, in the chair,) and proceeded [
to the consideration of the bill further to supply j
deficiencies in the appropriations for the fiscal year ;
ending June 30,1848. 1
The state of the question, when the committee
rose, was as follows: !
Mr. Thibodeaux had moved to amend the item '
" For outfits of charges des affaires to Naples, the !
Papal States, and the republics of Bolivia, C^uate- !
mala, and Ecuador, $22,500," by striking out the |
Words, "the Papal States," and reducing the
'! amount to $18,000.
) To this amendment an amendment had been
; moved by Mr. Brown, of Pennsylvania, which
I gave rise to an appeal, the immediate question upon
which was thus stated by the chair.
gentleman from Pennsylvania had proceeded to ad-
dress the committee upon his amendment. Whilst
making his remarks, he was called to order for
personal language applied to another member of
the committee. He was decided by the committee
!| to be out of order. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
■i vania, after having been called to order, was not
entitled to the floor to proceed in his remarks upon
his amendment, without first obtaining leave of the
committee; but the Chair had recognized the gen-
tleman fiom Pennsylvania and assigned him the
floor. Instead of asking leave of the committee to
proceed upon the amendment which he had pre-
viously offered, he withdrew his amendment, and
asked leave to offer another amendment. :
The Chair had decided, that inasmuch as the ;
gentleman was not entitled to the floor on the !
amendment he had offered, and the floor having !
been assigned to him subsequently to the decision |
, of the committee, he could withdraw his amend-
j mem arid offer another amendment. From that
■ decision the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Tompkins] had appealed, and the question now
was, "Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the committee?"
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, was under-
■ stood to remark, that he agreed most cordially
with the honorable gentleman who made the ap-
peal. He thought the whole proceedings of Sat-
urday had been in conflict with (he rule. He
thought the clear object of the five-minutes rule
was to enable gentlemen offenng amendments to i
explain them, without replying to what had been 1
said by others. He had no wish to violate the
rules of order; but if an evil practice was adopted 1
by the House, he felt himself obliged to follow, 1
although he regretted that it should find favor ;
here. He therefore withdrew his amendment, un- ;
der the belief that the five minutes were allowed j
forgentlemen to explain the general objects of!
their amendments, and not to go on with debate. !
There was time enough for that before the resolu- i
tion to terminate debate took effect.
The CHAIfL The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania having withdrawn his amendment, the ap-
peal falls as a matter of course.
The Chair would now proceed to state, that, in
ius opinion, the wide range of debate which had
been taken under the 34th rule, allowing the ex-
i" There would be time enough.to insert therrr then>
|! and they would find by looking into the estimates
that they were embraced among the appropria-
C tions for the fiscal year 1849.
'' He therefore moved to strike out these new mis-
I sions entirely, leaving only the mission to Naples,
which had heretofore been instituted, and pro-
; viding $4,500 for it. He did not know that the
1 sum was necessary; he did not know but this sal-
: aiy was already provided for; if it were not, he
was willing it should be left in the bill.
The question being taken, the amendment of
Mr. Dickey was agreed to: Ayes 61, noes 56.
[Mr. Thibodeatjx's amendment, it appears, was
: superseded by the adoption of the one-just men-
i tioned, as no question was taken upon it.]
j The next item being under consideration, viz:
j "For one quarter's salary for each of the charges
1 des affaires to the Papal States, Bolivia, Gruate-
| mala, and Ecuador, $4,500."
Mr. DICKEY moved an amendment to strike
j out tiie item, which was agreed to.
:i Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, moved the following,
to come in after the item, 44 For salary of the con-
;j sul at Beyroot," &c.:
" That tiie sum of riiteen thousand dollar* be and hereby
i> appiopriAted, lot the pmpo--e of enabling and authorizing
the Pecr^tAry ot the Treasury to employ such additional
i number of clerks in the office ot the Second Auditor (at a
per diem of not moie than three dollars and thirty-three
cent'lor saeh clerk) as are required by the exigencies of the
service."
j Mr. SMITH said, m offering' the amendment
i which he had sent to the Chair, would slate that a
similar provision had been made in this bill pro-
' viding- for additional clerks in the Pension Office;
j they wore much needed in that office to enable that
I department to do justice to the gallant men who so
: nobly defended tiie rights and the honor of our
country m the baitle-field. His amendment was
to provide for another branch of the service equally
important, either to the men who had fought our
battles, or to the friends of those who had been
killed or died while in the service. Ail cases con-
nected with arrears nf pay had to go before the
Second Auditor for adjustment. There were many
claims now before that bureau, presented by the
widows and orphans of tlrose slam in their coun-
try's service, and justice and humanity called for
1 • * ' "ra    i « ">-i ' iw i uim CUIU 11 Millclil 1IV UdllCU 1UI
planation of amendments, was clearly in contia-; a speedy examination and allowance of such
vention of the spirit and intention of the rule. He j1 claims. He could speak advisedly on this subject;
was o opimon that gentlemen, under this rule, had 'for he believed that no portion of the army in
no right to offer amendments for any other pur- ;i Mexico had suffered more than the regiment which
pose an to have them voted upon by the House, M went from his district. There were claims of six
an no. to offei remarks; and the Chair should in- j, months' standing before that bureau, unadjusted,
sist, that, m explaining any amendment, gentle- i; from his district, and lie presumed the same was
