1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
437
true in regard to many other members of the
House. It was due to the head of that office (Mr.
McCalla) to say that he was a faithful and efficient
officer, and did all in his power to forward the
business in his department; but it was impossible
for him, without an additional force, to bring up
the business so as to do justice to the claimants.
He therefore believed that no opposition would be
made to the adoption of his amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VINTON moved to add after tlie foregoing,
an item for the relief and protection of American
seamen in foreign countries, $20,000. Agreed to.
Mr. FISHER moved to amend the item " For
regular supplies, incidental expenses, and trans-
portation m the (Quartermaster's Department of the
army, §5,000,000," by inserting between the word
*'transportation" and the words "in the1' the
words "of the army from Mexico to the United
States;""so that it would read, "and transporta-
tion of the army from Mexico to the United States,
in the Quartermaster's Department," ifec.
Mr. F. spoke in support of his amendment. He
said the bill now before the comtniltee provides
for the appropriation of same twelve millions of
dollars, amongst other things, for the prosecution
of the present war up to the 1st of July next. Al-
though there are some other objectionable Hems in
the bill, yet, if my amendment is adopted, I am
willing to forego them all, and vote for the whole
bill; but if it is rejected, I will be constrained to
vote against the bill. I am perfectly willing to
vote for the items which provide for clothing the
army, for subsistence in kind, for pay of volun-
teers,and medical purposes,<£x.; but to vote money
to further prosecute the war 1 cannot, for reasons
which I will now offer in brief, us 1 have but five
minutes to speak. First, I have long since been
convinced that the war was unnecessarily and un-
constitutionally begun by the President of the Uni-
ted States by invading Mexican territory, and that
the declaration that war exists by the act of Mex-
ico was untrue. At the commencement of the
war this ground was taken by the Whig party,
both in and out of Conjrress. With a full knowl-
edge of these facts and declarations on our part,
the people returned a majority of Whigs to this
braneh of Congress, thereby endorsing the truth of
the declarations we had made. Thus delegated
•we came here, and by a vote reiterated the same
fact, that the war was unnecessarily and unconsti-
tutionally begun by the President; and, if those
who sent us here have anywhere said that we mis-
represented their views by that vote, I have not
heard of it; lint, on the contrary, they have every-
where acknowledged its truth. Again, we nil
believe that the object of the war now, is the con-
quest of apart, if liot the whole, ofMexico; at any
rate, that this will be the result if peace is not
restored during this session of Congress. We
further believe that such a result would prove a
curse to, if not the final ruin of, our own Govern-
ment. In view, then, of the unjust beginning of
the war, and the destructive end to which we are
urged by the Administration, what is our duty in
the case before us? The answer is clearly this,
Put an end to the war. But how f I answer, by
adopting my amendment, and then passing the
bill. The amendment does not propose to wilh-
Iwlil appropriations; it only defines the object, as
is the case all through the bill with other appro-
priations, for which this one item of five millions
of dollars is appropriated. That we have the con-
stitutional power either entirely to withhold appro-
priations or to define the objects for which they
are made, no one will deny. The people know
that we have this power, and, under the circum-
stances, think we ought to exercise it to put a stop
to this ungodly war. They look for it and de-
mand it at our hands. They well know that we
have no power to do it only in one or the other
of the ways I have here specified. If, therefore,
we do not exercise the power which they know we
have to put an end to the war, will we be carrying
out the will of our constituents? Certainly not.
Expediency, patriotism,and everything dear to us,
demand that we should exercise our constitutional
power to save the honor, interest, and permanency
of our Government. If we make all the appropri-
ations, and for the objects asked for by tne Ad-
ministration, in what regard do we differ from those
the people rejected at the last election ? And where,
to6, is our consistency and patriotism? We be-
lieve the war to be unjust in the beginning, and
destructive in the end, if permitted to go on, and
yet will we not interpose our constitutional power
to arrest it? I hope we may, and that all, espe-
cially on this side of the House, will vote for this
amendment.
Mr. VINTON asked the gentleman from Ohio
to withdraw his amendment to enable him to offer
one to a preceding part of the bill.
Mr. FISHER assented.
Mr. VINTON then moved to amend the item
" Pol-clothing of the army, camp and garrison
equipage, $600,000," by striking out §600,000,
and inserting " including $160,000 for clothing
to volunteers, in lieu of commutation therefor,
$1,120,000."
Mr. V. said the deficiency, it would be recol-
lected, was estimated by the Quartermaster's De-
partment at f0GO,OOO in the estimates which were
originaljy sent to this House, and published m
miscellaneous document No. 14, which was pre-
sented with this bill. It was subsequently cut
down to $.600,000, and that sum was inserted in
conformity with the reduced estimates of the Secre-
tary of War. Since that time, however, the Secre-
tary of War had addressed a letter to the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, stating that
m consequence of the clothing in Mexico having
turned out to be of poor quality, it would be neces-
sary to bring back the appropriation to the sum
stated in the original estimates, viz: $960,000, by
adding $360,000 to the item in the bill. There
was a further item of $160,000, making the sum
tolal of $1,1*J0,000, which was also involved in this
amendment, but which was no addition to the ap-
propriation. Until the present time n commutation
has been given instead of clothing in kind; but
during the present session a law had been passed
directing that volunteer clothing should be fur-
nished in kind, and hence it became necessary to
tiansfer this item from the Paymaster's to the
duartcrmiuiier'.s Department. Theie was a pro-
vision of this character in the item for the Pay-
master's Department, which he should move to
strike out when they reached it, and reduce the
amount by the sum which he now proposed to
increase the Quartermaster'*'. It was therefore
simply a transfer, and no addition to the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FISHER then renewed his amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to amend the
amendment by inserting after the word "expen-
ses" the words "in the further prosecution of the
war with Mexico, or." He es$id it was known
that a treaty of peace was before the Senate, by
which the war might be brought to a close. What
the fate of that treaty would be he know not; but
if his amendment were adopted, and the hill should
then become a law, they would have provision
either for the prosecution of the war or the with-
drawal of our troops from Mexico. He wished
to be prepared at all points, and he thanked the
gentleman who oflered the amendment for the
opportunity it afforded him to submit this amend-
ment to that amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment as amended was rejected.
Mr. VINTON moved to amend the item " For
pay of volunteers called into service during the
present fiscal year, $3,771 >000," by reducing the
amount to $3,611,000.
Tlve amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VINTON moved the following as a new
section: '
Jlnd bt> it fuitkcr enacted, That the tfiim of' $8,)0,000 be, i
and the >aiiic h hereby, appropriated for clothing m kind to 1
volunte'-rs for the Uscal year ending the UOtli of June, 1849,
agreeably to the act entitled "'An net to provide clothing for ;
volunteers m the service of the United Unites," approved i
the 28th January. 1818; and that so much of said Mini of :
.fPOO,OOl)as the President shall direct i* hereby authorized to
he applied to the puichase of saul clothing (luring the cur-
rent fiscal year.
Mr. V., on offering this additional section, said ,
that the Committee of Ways and Means had re-
ceived a letter from the Secretary of War, saying ,
that it would not only be necessary to transfer the
item of $160,000 from the Paymaster's to the
Quartermaster's Department, but to anticipate the ,
appropriations for the coming year; that is, that it :
will be necessary to make purchases of clothing in i
this country at so early a period that it could reach 1
Mexico at the commencement of the next fiscal j
year. About one-half had been already purchased, :
and drafts drawn on the Government for that :
amount. He proposed an additional section to
meet the views of the department in that respect.
Mr. V. sent several letters to the Clerk's desk
to be read, whiHi he had received from the Secre-
tary of War. In respect to one of these letters he
said, since this bill had been under consideration,
they had received news of the possibility of a
peace being concluded, and he had in consequence,
on behalf of the Committee of Ways and Means,
addressed a letter to the Secretary of War, to know
whether, if the treaty should be ratified and the war
ended, these appropriations would be necessary.
To that inquiry one of these letters was an an-
swer.
The Clerk read the letter, and it set forth that at
least half of the appropriation would be necessary
in any event.
The amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. VAN DYKE moved to amend the bill by
adding the following:
Provided, That no part of the money hereby appropriated
On tliu service of the army and matinecmps shall be applied
to any further eoivrjnpst or any further attempt to subjugate
the Republic of Mexico.
Mr. V. D. said it would be perceived that his
amendment was designed to make provision to
prevent any part of the money to be appropriated
by this bill being used for the acquisition of more
conquests in Mexico. He had not oflered it with
any view to prevent appropriations being made for
necessary purposes, nor did he intend to occupy
his five minutes to explain what was meant by his
amendment; but this he would say, that unless
that or some equivalent amendment were adopted,
he could not, nor would not vote for the bill. He
understood that these appropriations were intended
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
fiscal year ending on the 1st of July next, but they
had heard something about a peace. Whether they
were going to have peace or not, was not so certain;
and if his amendment were not adopted, what was
thereto prevent the President of the United States
using every dollar raised for the purposes of the
army and the marine corps, for the prosecution of
other conquests in Mexico? These estimates were
based on the supposition that we should remain
in a state of war and not a state of peace. The
estimates were made before the treaty of peace
arrived here. What, then, was there to prevent the
President, instead of paying the whole of the old
debt with this money, using it in making conquests
from one end of Mexico to the other? He (Mr.
V. D.) did not feel himself at liberty to take the
ground of some other gentlemen and refuse the
supplies for the support of the army in Mexico,
because they were there by authority of law, and
he would be willing to vote all needful supplies for
their subsistence, or to get the nation out of the
difficulty in which it was at present, but he would
not vote a dollar to enable the President to get us
further in. He would vote millions to protect our
gallant army, but not a dollar to enable the Presi-
dent to pursue a course of aggression for the acqui-
sition of Mexican territory, or to compel Mexico
to sell her soil and transfer her citizens to this
Union. He insisted on restricting the President of
the United States in the use of the means which
Congress might place at his disposal.
Mr. V. D. was cut short by the expiration of
his five minutes, and his amendment was then re-
jected, 51 only voting in the affirmative.
Mr. POLLOCK moved to amend the first sec-
tion by adding an item to appropriate $2,000 to pay
Mr. Crutchett for lighting the Capitol and Capitol
grounds with gas. He said the money had been
expended, and the appropriation ought to be made.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, rose to a question
of order. He stated his point to be, that the con-
tingent fund of the House was chargeable with the
payment contemplated by this amendment, wheree
as the appropriations to be made by this bill wer-
to be a charge on the treasury.
The CHAIRMAN replied that it was compe-
tent for the House to adopt a provision to make
the lighting of the Capitol and Capitol grounds
chargeable on the treasury, although it had here-
tofore made it chargeable on its contingent fund.
Mr. RUMSEY inquired if there was not a bill
pending in the House for the purpose contemplated
by this amendment?
The CHAIRMAN was understood to answer in
the affirmative.
Mr. POLLOCK said there was not only one but
two, and yet the appropriation had not yet been
