440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
dous desert" has obtained for me so much noto-
riety, will be raised eventually large quantities of
sugar every year. Nay, I am told, in regard to
that very desert, that there is no finer soil for the
production of sugar to be found on our continent.
It is a desert, it is true, because it is now thickly
overgrown with chaparral, and because it is water-
ed by no streams; yet I am credibly informed that
there is no finer sugar region upon earth. [A
laugh.]
Trieste, as I have said, is the great southern in-
let for foreign products to all the southern States
of Germany. It is under the domination of Aus-
tria; but the effect of a commercial league among
all the Italian States, will be to restore Trieste to
Italy,first under the embrace of a commercial, and
ultimately under that of a political confederacy
with the other States. As soon as this shall be
done, it will at oncc be the depot of a vast com-
merce.
1 call all those gentlemen here who represent the
cotton interest, and indeed the representatives of
all the southern States, to the fact that Great Brit-
ain derives an income of twelve millions of dollars
annually from the sale of American cotton in the
shape of twist. She sends that amount into Ger-
many, through the ports of Trieste and Hamburg;
but it is all American cotton, grown here, and con-
verted into cotton yarn in the factories of England.
Why cannot we so convert it ourselves? I heard
a gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] a mem-
ber of the Committee of Ways and Means, vote
against this appropriation yesterday—a gentleman
who does know that Georgia is beginning to con-
vert her own staple into cotton twist, and that
slave labor is the very best in the world for such
a purpose. There is no reason 111 the world, that
I see, why these twelve millions should not come
into the coders of the United States, where the
manufacture legitimately belongs, as well as into
those of Great Britain, where it does not. Surely
we can twist our own cotton as well as they can
do it for us. In Pennsylvania, and in New Eng-
land, there are factories established which are do-
ing it now; and I ask gentlemen representing the
cotton-growing interest in this House, what it is
which prevents the price of cotton from being above
seven cents a pound? [Southern voices: "It is
eight!" " I will sell mine for seven !"] Take seven
cents as the basis of your calculation, and then
reckon your profits oil two millions of bales, the
produce of last year, by adding the twelve mil-
lions paid to England, and say whether there is 110
commercial motive for our having a diplomatic
agent in Italy.
To gentlemen from my own State, I would say
that England gets a revenue of sixteen millions of
dollars per annum by the iron she sends out into
Germany, and yet it is not English iron, though
sent from England. I believe not a pig of it is
found there. Such is the labor-saving industry of
that wondeiful people that they can take iron and
cotton fiom Ameuca and other foreign countries,
and, after manufacturing it 111 England, can letuin
it in a new shape, and thereby make immense
profits for themselves. 1 anticipate the day when
my own blessed Pennsylvania will get her share
of these profits. The same is true of the tobacco
interest. I know that on this point my colleague
from the Southwark district and myself differ as
widely as we do in politics. He detests Jesuits
and delights in tobacco; while I, 011 the contrary,
like Jesuits much and abhor tobacco. But this
is a glowing inteiest; and I say to gentlemen be-
ware how you trifie with the vagaries of com-
merce, or cramp, or curtail, or refuse fully to
develop it. Cripple not that great American com-
merce by which we pay the expense of our gallant
army, and, in a word, by whose operation on the
national prosperity we are become that great
people that we are. Most of that commerce is
sustained by none of the necessities, but by
the mere luxuries of life; it is conversant with
opium, with brandy, with tea, with coffee, with
ginseng.
All these substances are called for by the appe-
tites of man, and it is the business of commerce
to meet his tasies and his notions, and to supply
them; a.id out of thorn to realize for the coun-
try which maintains it, great profits and great
power.
When the gentleman from iVississippi [Mr.
Brown ] moved to strike out this little item of nine
thousand dollar?, he could not fully have realized
all that this mission is likely to bring to him and
to his people. I think he must, by this time, see
that there is something in the commcrcial relations
between the Pope and the United States; that there
is the prospect of a vast commerce between us.
The Pope sees it, and hence his first proposal for
a commercial league. True, it is but m embryo
now. "What was the commercial condition of this
country under the Confederation, when our im-
ports yielded us a duty of less than five per cent.?
We could not live upon it. What our condition
was then, the condition of the Italian States is now,
but not so poor as we were. There must be a
beginning. I venture to say that there exist now
great commercial motives for an American agency
m Italy. We have a minister in Austria; we have
a minister in Prussia; we have a minister in Tur-
key; we have a minister in China; we have a min-
ister in Spain. Why have we ministers at all these
courts, and none in Italy ? None of these promise
us the same returns, if we will only consent to cast
our bread upon the waters. What have we a min-
ister in Turkey for ? I speak somewhat at ran-
dom, and shall be happy to be corrected if I am
wrong; but I suppose it is for the poor profits of
the trade of the Black Sea. But that will hardly
pay the outfit of the mission. Why have we a
minister to China? The late venerable gentleman
from Massachusetts (Mr. Adams) always thought
that, instead of allowing a commissioner a salary
of $5,000, we ought to have a full minister, with
the regular salary and outfit. But why keep a
minister there, unless it be on the broad and sound
principle of extending our commercial relations
with the whole world ?
Our foreign diplomatic relations do not cost us
§300,000 a year. Now, I like to see a little and
sometimes a great deal of republican magnificence.
We sometimes pay more than the mission would
cost us for burying a member of this House. Since
I first took my seat in this Hall, the expenses of
the Judiciary of the United States have increased
from forty thousand to five hundred thousand dol-
lars a year. We pay this sum for repressing crime
and mitigating injustice in the country; and we see
with what success. The mere judicial service costs
us twice as much as all our foreign missions put
together—by which we maintain the peace, protect
the commerce, and develop the character of the
country all over the world. There is nothing to
which money can be applied to better advantage
and with greater profit than in extending our com-
mercial missions abroad. These are missions of
peace—missions of profit—missions of national
character; and gentlemen will find that the mere
commercial question involved in the case of a mis-
sion to the Pope is not quite so bald as some
may have at first view conceived it to be. There
is more in it than the commerce of the Pontine
Marshes.
But now to the political aspect of the ques-
tion.
I find the case is well argued in a letter recently
written from London by a correspondent of the
National Intelligencer. I will read a paragraph or
two to the House; and be it remembered that this
letter is written by no Papist—by 110 Jesuit—but
by a Unitarian—about as far off from the Pope as
he well can be:
u From Rome there is nothing new. Th<* Pontiff is ste.ul-
ilv advancing 111 the path of* reform, with a dignified, cau-
tious, but firm step. The people of Rome have been called
upon, through the journals, to forego this year the expensive
mummery of the Carnival, and conscciutc the money usu-
ally lavished at that hohdavm the purchase of a dozen more
tield-picces for the protection of the city."
My colleague, in his speech, talked something
about statuary and painting being the only business
pursued by the poor contemptible descendants of
the ancient Romans. Now, I should be glad to
know if we should be ourselves willing to take any-
thing from the annual expenses of this House
(which are now, I believe, httle less than a million
of dollars every year) for any useful purpose which
has no show anout it—nothing to make a spectacle?
Would we consent to curtail our own per diem,
or make any other personal sacrifice, in the na-
ture of a patriotic oblation, such as this Pope pro-
poses?
" The hint is likely to be adopted ; for, now that the citi-
zens feel themselves to be treated like men and rational
beings, they have assumed the tastes and bearing of such,
and scorn the grovelling merriment of slaves.
'• A return has just been published of the population of
Italy. The following classification may serve to .show, now
that Naples has joined the 4 good cause,' the comparative
numerical strength ol the advocates of absolute and liberal
governments:
Libe> als.
Sardinia 4.8<9,009
Roman Stares 2.377,000
Naples, and Sicily . .8,5i6,l00
Tuscany and Lucca 1.701,700
Monaco  r "Qn
San Marino...,..
*Absolutists.
Modena  483,000
PaimaandPlacentia 477,000
Venitran Lombardy 4,759,000
Italian Tyrol  5^,608
,580 Istna, (Austrian)... 485,100
7,950 }
Liberals 18,040,13.) I Absolutists 6,726,608
| I (said Mr. I.) thought it was more; I supposed
S it was twenty-seven millions; but I see that this
: writer makes it but twenty-five.
"This is a gratifying classification and result to the lover
ot piogress and of national independence and individual hap-
piness. Should the Austrian G lvernment -.eo its true inter-
ests, and act kindly with her Italian dominion-*, the small
State* of Modena and Parma would not long resist the gen-
oi at current, and the regeneration ot Italy would be complete.
Maj we not hope ior such a glorious result
This correspondent further says:
u In Italy the principal points of atti action are Nap'es ;ind
Sicily, and'there also the cau^e of tational liberty is. making
most cheering progress. The King of Naples seems to have
been aware, from the fir-t news of the outbreak in Sicily,
that his arbitiaiy power was checked.5?
And he then, after describing the intermediate
course of events, closes by stating—
"A royal ordonnance was accordingly issued decreeing
a national constitution for the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies,
founded on the same principles as the French charier of
1830, including the chambers, the royal inviolability, the
responsibility of ministers, the liberty of the press, and the
national guard."
Here is all that they call freedom in France and
England. What we consider freedom they look
upon as its excesses. At all events, they have se-
cured a republican government with a king, (which
was as necessary there as m France.) Not a dollar
can be touched by him, however, without a vote
of the representatives of the people. This is now
as fully established there as it is in the United
States. And this is Italy! These are the people
of Italy, whom my colleague represents as loving
nothing but statuary and painting.
But who is this Pope that has been denounced
here in such round terms? He is no cloistered
priest. He is a young Pope—not a young man,
to be sure, being probably over fifty years of age;
for it is hard to find a cardinal eligible who is un-
der that age: but he has the probability of fifty
years yet before him to consummate those great
reforms he has entered upon, and entered upon as
a wise man, and not as a fool. I say he is a young
Pope; and more than that: he is troubled with
none of that compulsory chastity which my col-
league thinks so shocking. He nas once been at
liberty, with a cockade on his head, and a sword
by his side. He was a soldier before he became a
priest; and when he bccame a priest he did what
no Pope ever did before. He crossed the Atlantic
and came to America—to South America, indeed—
but to America, then heaving with the throes of
an incipient revolution to throw off the yoke of
Spain.
He then went back to Europe with his mind
enlarged and his passions corrected; and with en-
larged notions of liberty, of economy, and all the
leading principles of republican government. This
is the Pope to whom it is proposed to send a min-
ister, and I can assure gentlemen that I have been
told by a well qualified judge lately returned from
the spot, that so strong was the feeling among the
whole Italian people in favor of emancipation, that
when the cardinals went into the election of a Pope
they were fully aware that they had only the alter-
natives of reform or revolution. They knew that
unless they elected a firm and a wise man the peo-
ple would rise and even through an ocean of blood
would seek a free government. The French revo-
lution in 1830 had kindled a flame through all the
south of Europe. The English reform hill soon
followed, and in Italy a scene of revolt and blood-
shed took place; they did what they could then,
but they could do no more. That was but a
preparatory movement, and in that which is now
going on the Pope is but the standard-bearer. The
Italians, whatever my colleague may think of
them, are among the very best medical, moral,
and natural and political philosophers m the world.
True, they have been kept down by the Govern-
ments of Naples and of Austria; but the fire has
long been burning—the fire is there—and at last it
has broken out. And under what auspices? If
my colleague is a republican, what objection can
he possibly have to the Pope's sending us as many
