1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
448
4 of the young. They look to the future; and they really
* have great advantages m doing so. They send out teachers
4 excellently qualified; superior, certainly, to the run of
i native teachers. Some value the European modes of edu-
cation as the more excellent, others value them ns the
4 mark of fashion; the demand for instruction, too, is always
' beyond the supply, so that they find little difficulty in ob-
taining the charge of Protestant children. This, in my
'judgment, is the point of policy which should be especially
'regarded with jealousy; but "tlie actual alarm has arisen
* from the disclosure of a correspondence which avows de-
' signs on the West beyond what I have here set down. It
' is a curious affair, and is one other evidence, if evidence
1 were needed, that Popery anxl Jesuitism arc one.>"
After reading this extract, Mr. L. also read the
following note—both of which, the note and ex-
tract, are to be found on the same page (159th) of
Marryat's Diary in America, 2d volume :
"There is nothing in the Constitution^the United States
to prevent all the States, or any particular State, from pos-
sessing an established religion."—Cooper's Democrat.
Sir, my colleague seems willing to create this
religious link between Rome and theUnited States,
destined to lead to the overthrow of American
rights and American institutions, and tells us in
language not be misunderstood, that in return for
all this wrong we will have a market for our sugar,
cotton, and tobacco. If the proposition were true,
the cotton-planters of the South and the sugar-
growers of Louisiana, Catholics as they are, would
repel this proposition with scorn and indignation.
But, sir, let us examine this point. I think it can
be very readily demonstrated that the gentleman
must have forgotten the geographical features of
this question, or that he must have been grossly
misinformed. The gentleman has gravely argued
that England,.making her yarn from tho cotton of
the South, which could be more cheaply manufac-
tured by your slave labor, annually throws into
the States of the Germanic Confederation, through
the port of Trieste, in the Adriatic, and Hamburg,
by the Baltic, an amount of exports from which
she realizes a profit of twelve millions of dollars;
and that for the annual export of your tobacco and
sugar, through the same channels, she realizes ail
additional profit of fourteen millions of dollars.
Does the gentleman forget that Trieste is within
the Austrian dominions; that Hamburg is sepa-
rated by the breadth of Europe, from the Papal
States; and that over the waters of the broad and
free Adriatic Papal Rome exercises no sway, nor
could one Italian Zoll-Vevein have any influence?
Or docs he rely on my presumed want of informa-
tion on commercial subjects in I he perpetration of
this gross imposition on tho intelligence of the
House?
After all, sir, the gentleman has not undertaken
to reply to any proposition assumed by me in the
speech which I had the honor to deliver a few days
since. There it stands upon the record, and, as
J said before, let posterity judge between us. The
record will live. Posterity will remember my
prophecy, made in the Congress of the United
Suites on the 8th day of March, 1848. Let corning
generations remember that I vainly struggled to
apply a preventive to this gigantic evil, and vindi-
cate American rights. The^rcpresentatives of the
American people prefer that their children and their
children's children shall apply the cure. Fearful
will be that remedy; for the stain which you this
day alfix upon the nation is destined to be washed
out only with their blood !
Mr. blCK&Y said ho wished to call the atten-
tion of the House to the new missions which were
included in this deficiency bill. He desired to have
them stricken out of this bill, in order that they
might come up for the deliberation and determina-
tion of this House upon the report made from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs. In the annual
message of the President to Congress at the com-
mencement of the last session he had not thought
proper to recommend to his Democx-atic friends
upon this floor the institution of these missions.
They were not then included in the estimates.
They could not now be deficiencies. They were
new missions,.which were proposed to be insti-
tuted for the first time, and were included by the
Secretary of State, upon the suggestion of the Pres-
ident, in the bill to supply deficiencies, because he
desired to send out these missions before the present
fiscal year expired.
Now, he was not disposed to grant him the per-
mission to nominate these men at this time, and
to appropriate from the treasury for their outfits
and salaries. He desired that the House, both sides
of the House, should discuss upon the report of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs the nature and
character of our diplomatic relations with foreign
countries.
He did not know what was the object of the
President in his desire to institute this mission to
Rome. It might be on account of the political re-
form which had taken place there, and which, to a
certain extent, no doubt had been of benefit to the
people. But he had been at a loss to perceive that
the Pope had opened up that country to the Pro-
testants of this country, that they might propagate
their religious opinions there; nor could any min-
ister whom we might send congratulate the Pope
upon that reform, upon whatever else he might
congratulate him. Now, if the object of the Pres-
ident and his party was to play a political game,
and offer this as a bid for the Catholics of this
country, and if his (Mr. D.'s) political friends de-
sired to play this game too, let them make this a
full mission. If the object were to congratulate the
Pope on his reforms, let us send a full embassy
with full powers. We might find a Protestant from
this country submissive enough to kneel to his
Holiness the Pope, and kiss his slippers. Such an
one might be found in the Democratic ranks, no
doubt; whether now or hereafter he might be found
in the Whig ranks, was a question for the future
to determine.
He was little acquainted with the character of
the Jesuits spoken of by both his colleagues, [Mr.
Levin, and Mr. C. J. Ingersoll.] But he had
rcceiktly come across a lecture delivered in New
York by a gentleman once distinguished as a Dem-
ocrat—as editor of the Democratic Review—Mr.
Brownson, upon the political reforms of the Pope,
and the necessity of political reformation in Europe,
in which he spoke as though the time was coming
when this reformation would bo extended to this
country. And what was the reformation which was
spoken of in so high terms? It was the spiritual
ascendency of the Catholics in Europe—while they
might be disposed to give secular power to any
one who would aid in establishing their religious
power.
Now, how far this mission to Rome on the part
of Democrats, suggested by the President, might
be with the view of working out this unhappy
problem in this country, he would leave for them
to say. He trusted, he hoped, he firmly believed,
that there never would come a time in this country
when this 44 reform" should be accomplished. And
yet there was nothing in our State constitutions
which preventod the Catholics, when they got the
power, through the ballot-boxes, from establishing
the Catholic religion in the States; and when they
should have obtained the majority, what security
should we have against it> We had heard not
long since that there had been a conclave of Cath-
olic Bishops assembled in this city to discuss the
effects of this Mexican war upon the Church of
Rome. Their decision was that it would be ben-
eficial; because, by the annexation of the whole
of Mexico, by the incorporation of six or seven
millions of Catholics among us at once, it would
give them greatly increased power over the civil
and religious institutions of our own conntry. We
would probably incorporate some of these Mexi-
can States into our Union; annex them to this
country. Thcv might contain not a great deal of
population, and there might not be a great deal of
danger to be apprehended from them. But if he
was correctly informed, the treaty now under con-
sideration contained a provision to sccure, if not to
establish, the Roman Catholic religion in the two
States to be annexed. If so, the President, in his
message connnunicatingthe treaty, did not recom-
mend that that clause should be stricken out; but
he did recommend that the clausc which guaranties
the rights of individuals to lands granted under
Mexican power should be stneken out!
But he had no particular hostility to this mis-
sion to the Papal States any more than to the other
new missions which it was proposed to create.
He said, if it were the mature opinion of this
House to send a mission to the Pope, to congratu-
late him upon his political reforms, let it be a full
mission. He had moved and succeeded yesterday,
in committee, to strike them all out. Pie intended
now, if the motion to reconsider should prevail, to
move to recommit the bill to the Committee of
Ways and Means, for the purpose of having the
whole of these new missions stricken out. In all
his researches, he had been able to find no commer-
cial or other good reason for the institution of these
missions. He found our whole commercial inter-
course with Italy did not equal the amount of com-
merce we have with Hayti. Yet it was not proposed
to send a mission to the latter place, because the
inhabitants of that country happened to be of a
different class and color. He referred to the ex-
ceedingly small amount—almost the entire want of
our commerce, as shown by the printed tables of
commerce—with Bolivia, Ecuador, and Guate-
mala, little exceeding in its entire value the sum to
be appropriated for the outfits and salaries of the
missions proposed. With reference to Guatemala,
he did not know what our commerce might be,
nor whether there might be any. It was well
known, that, in 1837, Mr. Van Buren sent a gen-
tleman—now celebrated asa traveller—by thename
of Stephens, to hunt about and see if he could not
find some public authorities there. He did not
succeed in so doing, and he devoted his time to
researches into the antiquities of Guatemala and
Yucatan. Now, it might be very interesting to
send out another minister, at a salary per annum
of $4,500, and an outfit of $4,500, to busy himself
in collecting materials foranother book. This was
the most important public measure which he could
perceive likely to be accomplished by it.
Now, as to drawing more closely and intimately
the bonds of intercourse between the Republics of
South America and our own, if, when we had
established those missions there, we did not treat
them better than we had our sister Republic of
Mexico, he hoped in God we should never send a
mission there. Wc had wrested fiom Mexico, in
our friendly intercourse with her, three of her
States! He did not know but it might be the ob-
ject of these missions to prepare the way to swallow
up ail these republics, for that was the Democratic
doctrine of the present day.
He asked gentlemen on both sides to strike out
these missions, that the whole subject might be
fully considered upon the report of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, and it might be provided for,
if necessary, in the regular appropriation bill for
the next fiscal year. Let them not attach this
matter to a deficiency bill making provision for the
army in Mexico. He intended to vote for this;
but he was opposed to creating new and unneces-
sary missions at a time when our resources were
so exhausted. When in order, he should move to
recommit tiie bill, with instructions to strike out
these missions.
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, said, he desired
briefly to address the House, to say what he had
been prevented from saying the other day when he
had unfortunately and unintentionally got out of
order, and was not permitted to go on.
He should not pursue the general discussion of
the subject which had been introduced by his
colleagues from the first and fourth Congressional
districts of Pennsylvania. He was opposed to
the introduction at all, in the consideration of
our domestic or foreign relations, of anything
that bore-upon the religious opinions of men.
It had never before been made an objection to
establishing diplomatic relations with foreign coun-
tries that their religion was Episcopalian, Luther-
an, Catholic; that it was anything, or nothing.
We had lately established commercial relations
with China, whose religion was a religion which
we all condemned. It was now, for the first time,
in forming amicable relations with foreign coun-
tries, that we inquired what the religion of the
people might be. It was to this he objected. It
was to the mingling of religion with politics, arid
influencing political action by religious opinions,
whether in this Hall, in the respective States, or
to the introduction of the two subjects among peo-
ple who live amicably with one another, though
holding different religious tenets, that he objected.
In all countries, wherever the subject of religion
had been introduced into politics and among the
people to influence their action upon politics, it had
been an incendiary subject; it had drenched some
of the fairest fields in the woild with blood—blood
shed by the hands of the same people, wherever
arrayed against each other upon religious sub-
jects.
His colleague [Mr. Le-hn] had asked, whenever
the Catholics got control of all the States, what
security we would have against their establishing
the Catholic religion ? There was an old saying,
" when the sky falls we will catch larks." What
security, he would ask, had we that the Method-
ists, the Episcopalians, the Baptists, the Presby-
terians, might not get the controlling power in tins
