444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
countryand establish their own religion ?—-a ma-
jority of whom were increasing much faster in this
country than the Catholics, with all the importa-
tions so much talked of from foreign countries.
Look to the history of the Episcopalians and of
the Presbyterians, and of other Protestant sects:
had they not persecuted each other? Had not the
Episcopalians persecuted the Dissenters in Eng-
land? Had not the Presbyterians, on our own
free soil, among the green hills of Massachu-
setts, persecuted those who dissented from them ?
He said, then, what security have we, if any re-
ligion should succeed in obtaining the controlling
power in our land, that its friends will not estab-
lish it as the law of the land, and persecute all other
creeds? The security was the spirit of resistance
to oppression which was now speading in Italy,
which had spread all over the United States, and
■which he trusted would be diffused ail over the
world; the spirit that caused men to prefer to suf-
fer death rather than be trammelled by religious
or political despotism. Another security was, that
in the more enlightened and tolerant spiiit of the
Christian religion, and the progress of mind and
conflicts of opinion, no one religion could acquire
sufficient strength to override aff others.
But he had risen principally to say a word in
reference to what his colleague [Mr. Levin] had
said relative to the party in the city and county of
Philadelphia, of which he [Mr. Levin] was the
sole representative on this door. He said, from
the course of that gentleman here, that he was
forming new alliances. He called the southern
members here to notice the remaik of his colleague
from the first district, which was in character with
all the other facts and assertions made by that
honorable gentleman. The extract was long, and
he could only give the substance of what the gen-
tleman said on this point. The gentleman refer-
red to the letter of O'Connell against the slavery
of the South, and said it was to the action of Jes-
uits that all the provisoes were owing which had
been thrown into this Hall—meaning the provisoes
against the extension of slavery; for Mr. O'Con-
neii's letter referred to the extension of slavery.
The gentleman said that he and his Native Ameri-
can friends in Philadelphia had held meetings to
resist this influence. Meetings were held, he
granted, by the gentleman and his party, but they
were not to sustain the South, but to denounce the
Catholics. ft was not the gentleman and his Na-
tive party that met to repel the Abolition notions j
of O'Connell, but the Democratic party, and
among them, and indeed foremost, were many
Irish Catholic Democrats. This (Mr. B. said)
he knew, for
" All of it he saw,
And part of it be was."
But he had better proof there was no connec-
tion with the Native Americans and opposition to
O'Connell's letter and the provisoes against sla-
very? He referred to the record of the last Con- ,
gress. On the 501st page, the Wilmot proviso i
was proposed, and it appeared that every Native i
American on the floor of this House, including the I
gentleman himself, voted for that proviso. Now, i1
he put it to the gentleman whether he and his I.'
friends on this floor were then under the influence li
of the Jesuits, to whom he said we owed the in- !!
troduction of all these provisoes? That was about ,
a year ago. But now the gentleman wished to !i
change his position and that of his friends, and !'
connect themselves with southern feelings and
southern interests. Yet how did the gentleman's :<
" Native" party stand now? i:
He had received, within about two weeks, in- \
structions frgm a very respectable body of gentle- "
men, representing more than half of his district— 1
municipal officers, called the Commissioners of:,
Spring Garden—ail of whom were pure unadul- \\
tcrated Native Americans, They instructed him
thus. [Here he read the resolution. It requested
Mr. Brown to use his influence against the ratifi- !,
canon of any treaty by which territory should be
acquired, if slavery or involuntary servitude, ex- il
cept for crime, were not expressly forever prohib- jt
ited.] Now, had the Jesuits prompted these '|
Native American commissioners and friends of his
colleague to send these instructions into this Hall? !j
These were questions which he would like to hear !}
answered. The southern gentlemen on the oppo- j|
sue side, with whom his colleague was about to !j
form an alliance, ought to have this explained; ji
and u might be, the Native party of Philadelphia, >1
before they were transferred by the gentleman to
the South, may want it explained also; certainly
his (Mr. B.'s) constituents, who had instructed
him on the subject, ought to know whether they
were acting under the influence of the Jesuits, or
were to be transferred to the South as opposed to
these provisoes.
His colleague had spoken of the Jesuits attempt-
ing to drive the Bible out of the public schools, and
of actually causing it to be burned in the streets.
He supposed the gentleman to refer, again, to Phil-
adelphia.
Mr. LEVIN was understood to say he referred
mostly to New York.
Mr. MURPHY, of New York, denied that any-
thing of the kind had ever taken place in New
j York.
; Mr. BROWN (continuing) said, if his colleague
j had reference to the Bible being burnt in the streets,
I or treated indecorously in Philadelphia, he pro-
j nounced it altogether untrue. No such thing had
j ever occurred there. The only desecration he ever
| saw of it was, the gentleman and his party, on the
1 4th of July, carrying the Bible through the streets
j as a part of their celebiation. Once, and once only,
il they did it; for the public indignation was such
;j that they did not dare again to do it. The well-
i meaning portion of the community did not want
; it to be desecrated by being paraded through the
! streets by men who paid no attention to its pre-
i cepts, but whose whole conduct was at war, with
i the charitable, tolerant, and benign doctrines of its
i authors.
j In reference to the question of introducing the
! Bible into the public schools there, he said that the
! records of the boards of school directors, when the
I question had been agitated, showed that a majority
j of those who voted against it were Protestants,
i and not Catholics. Among those most opposed to
} introducing the Bible into the public schools were
j those most respected for their religious character
j and conduct. They said it should not be made so
j common, but that all the religious teachings of the
I young should be by their parents or their chosen
5 spiritual instructors, and notby young school teach-
i ers, selected merely for their literary and scientific
i attainments. He said, therefore, when the gentle-
, man spoke of Jesuits attempting to expel the Bible
■ from the public schools, that he spoke against many
of his own Protestant constituents. All these
charges against the Catholics of expelling the Bible
from the public schools were got up, he believed—
as the secret circular, to which his colleague had
referred, was got up—by those opposed to the
Catholics, when the stories were manufactured, in
| 1840, against Governor Shunk, of trampling upon
I the American flag, which the gentleman himself did
> not believe a single word of; and yet the gentleman
found fault with Mr. Buchanan, because, when he
received a mere printed, unattested circular, he did
not take solemn action upon it, and lay it perhaps
before the House of Representatives as proof of
a conspiracy against our Government. He had
j thought all such complaints against the Jesuits,
I except with a few zealous bigots, had gone down
to the tombs and were forgotten by everybody,
except the writers of French novels and their
readers.
He next referred to that part of his colleague's
remarks, that charged the riots and bloodshed in
Philadelphia upon the Jesuits, and said they were
all chargeable to his colleague and the leaders of
the Native American party. Pie referred to their
calling a Native meeting in the midst of a settle-
ment of Catholic Iiish, and then, in the most out-
rageous manner, revihng their country and their
religion, m terms that would have aroused to deeds
of violence any American, if uttered against his
religion or his country, in a foreign larid. These
Irish Catholics, with all their religious zeal and
fiery temper, bore it all, nor offered resistance till
they thought their dwellings were about to be at-
tacked-by the mob assembled in front of them, and
who had threatened them; for it was matter of
history that the first shot was iired in the market-
house m Kensington, where the Native American
meeting was held.
He said this first act of blood and arson, and all
that followed it, was all attributable to his colleague
from the first district and his followers, but to him
ntiost of all. For some years he had been deliver-
ing temperance lectures in Philadelphia, which, he
was free to say, had no doubt done much good,
and had thus gained the confidence and regard of
a large class of citizens, among whom wen- many
of the Methodist and other leligions societies.
When this subject began to fail him, his colletucuo,
he said, turned his influence with these people to
political effect, and changed his lectures on tem-
perance to addresses against foreigners, and parti-
cularly against Catholics and the Catholic religion,
spreading throughout the community the most in-
cendiary tirades ever promulgated by any man in
the darkest ages, and based upon as unfounded
charges; nor was it in these addresses alone, but
through a newspaper called the 44 Sun," he alao
uttered, from day to day, the outpourings of his
spirit against the Catholics, unworthy any age and
any people.
Thus it was that his colleague and his friends
maddened the minds of their followers, and caused
all the incendiarism and blood that he charges in his
remarks upon the Jesuits, and the consequence of
which was the death of a number of citizens, and
the burning of a large number of Catholic dwell my*
and two churches—one of them in the second dis-
trict, whose peaceful inhabitants had never molest-
ed anybody in the world, and were entirely un-
connected with the walks of his colleague from the
first district and the Native party.
The story of the tinder-box and matches hem?
found in the basement of St. Philip's church, as
told by the gentleman, (Mr. B. said,) was a mis-
erable apology for the gentleman's declaration that
it was proof that the members of the church there-
with intended to set fire to their own church, for
the purpose of laying it to the charge of the Native
American party. Why should they have doneihis ?
Had not the Catholic churches in Kensington and
in the city both been fired and burned to ashes
before this, in the face of the world, by the Native
Americans? Who had denied this? The gentle-
man, he said, was hard pushed for an excuse for
the attack on St. Philip's church, when he told
them there was a tinder-box found in its cellar-
The gentleman also told them of his exploits m
saving the church and those within it; how he and
his friend, Thomas D. Grover, had harangued the
mob assembled for its destruction, and mounted
the cannon pointed at its walls, which, but for their
timely interference, would, in a few shoit minutes
more, have blown it and all within it to atoms.
Who^brought these cannon there? Were they not
the Native American party, of* whom the gentle-
, man was the acknowledged leader? Why was that
| mob there, to destroy a Catholic church, filled with
; Catholic citizens^ Was it not to carry into effect
the teachings of their leader and his associates?
Let the woi Id judge. The gentleman said he quell-
ed the mob—he mounted the cannon—he saved the
church and those within it! Did he? Then, let
me ask him, who ever controlled a mob but the
man who made it? No better testimony could be
had to prove the author of that mob than to know
the man who quelled its thirst for arson and blood;
who, amid its cheering, was carried away in tri-
umph, mounted on its cannon.
But (said Mr. B.) why did the gentleman and
his friends interfere to save St. Philips church?
They had not interfered to save St. Michael's nor
St. Augustine V They had not appeared before
the mob in Kensington, when their gruns were
pointed at the Catholics and.their dwellings, though
they well knew of it ail, and by their interference
could have easily prevented or stopped the burn-
ings and massacres. He would tell the gentleman
why he had stopped the destruction of St. Philip's.
| The public mind had aroused from its lethargy,
j and the people throughout the city, and county,
j and State, had recovered from the paraly7'Uion
I into which the first shock of these unnatural scenes
i and doings had thrown them, and were gathering
in their might, to bring to justicc and punishment
their authors. Churches and dwellings had been
laid in ashes, and valuable and innocent lues sac-
rificed; the mob was increasing m numbers and
audacity, and its leaders seemed to revel m the
enjoyment of uncontrolled power of doing evil.
Rut they saw there was a point beyond which
they dare not £o; and to save themselves, they
saved St. Philip's church. Had that church been
burned, and those in it murdered, he (Mr. B.)
would tell his colleague from the first district, his
friends and himself would very probably have
been elevated to higher places than a seat in Con-
gress.
In reference to Mr. Levin's professions in he-
half of the Native Americans of love of country
