1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
447
unkindness to any one in this House, but for the
purpose of bringing the House to a vote on the
bill, and thereby doing justice to the gallant men
who have served their country on the battle-fields
of Mexico. There was no reason why the bill
should not be now passed, and therefore he moved
the previous question.
The previous question was not seconded .
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said, if he
understood the bill, it was designed to give what
was deemed a proper construction to a law passed
by the last Congress. He proceeded furthev to
explain what he understood to be the effect of the
bill if it should be agreed to, and expressed the
opinion that it should be so changed as to confine
it to promotions less than field officers. He desired
also to make another amendment, for the purpose
of doing another act of justice which had been long
delayed—he alluded to the soldiers of the last war.
By his amendment he proposed to give to each
non-commissioned officer, musician, and private,
who.was regularly mustered into the service of the
United Stales as a member of any volunteer com-
pany, or company of rangers or militia, for not less
than twelve months1 service duiing the war of 1812,
and received an honorable discharge, a certificate
or warrant for one hundred and sixty acres of land.
And in the event of the death of any such non-
commissioned officer, musician,or private,after his
discharge and before the issuing of the certificate
or warrant, it should be issued according to the
rules which govern the descent of bounty land as
provided in the act of February 11,1847. For ser-
vice of less time than a year he wished to make other
provisions; for three months' service ho proposed
to give a certificate or warrant for forty acres of'land.
Mr. McCLERNAND entreated the gentleman
from Mississippi not to encumber this bill with
such a provision as that indicated, inasmuch as it
would inevitably defeat the bill itself.
Mr. THOMPSON was of opinion that the gen-
tleman from Illinois would vote for the bill and for
the amendment also, and be one of the last men to
vote it down.
The SPEAKER informed the gentleman from
Mississippi that his amendment was not in order.
The ponding bill was declaratory in its character-
it simply prescribed a construction for part of the
bill of 1847, whereas tho amendment which the
gentleman from Mississippi proposed to offer was
of an entirely different cnamcter.
Mr. McCLERNAND said tho gentleman from
Mississippi had asked him if he would not stand
side by side with that gentleman in support of a
bill to give bounty lands to the volunteers of the
last war; to that he replied that such measures
nlways received his support, and he was prepared
to vote for such a bill al a proper time, but not
when it would have tho effect of strangling tho
measure now perilling.
Mr. THOMPSON denied that his object was
to strangle this measure. He was desirous to co-
operate with those who were evidently so eager to
do justice to the meritorious men who had served
in the Mexican war; but he desired at the same
time to couple with it a provision to do justice to
another class of men, who also had strong claims
on their country. However, perhaps it would lie
more advisable to refer the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, where it
could bo amended so as to accomplish lus purpose
and the desire of the friendsof this bill. He would
go further still, and voje to make tho bill the spe-
cial order for some particular day.
Mr. EYANS begged to remind the gentleman
that this was merely a declaratory act; it related
to the construction of a particular act; and he hoped
the gentleman would not embarrass it with any
irrelevant motion.
Mr. THOMPSON still insisted that it should
be referred, that it might be seen whether it ear-
ned out their intentions.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
Maryland seems to fear that the amendment I had
the honor, when this bill was last under consider-
ation. to propose, may retard or defeat the bill. I
assure the gentleman that if I thought it would do
so 1 should not urge it, for I am sure no mall can
be more satisfied than 1 am of the necessity of the
passage of some such law upon this subject.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, said the gentleman
from Illinois is entirely mistaken. I am satisfied
his proposed amendment is proper, and would ac-
cept it if 1 could.
Mr. R. proceeded. The proviso to the ninth
section of the act granting bounty lands to non-
commissioned officers, musicians, and privates, is
as follows:
"Provided, That nothing contained In this section shall
be construerl to give bounty lands to such volunteers as were
accepted into the service and discharged without being
inarched to the seat of war."
Now, by the construction given to this proviso,
if a soldier dies the day before he reaches the seat
of war, his family are not entitled to the bounty of
land. If, upon his way to the seat of war, a soldier,
in the discharge of his duty, becomes sick, and is
discharged, he is not entitled to this bounty.
Mr. MOREHEAD took the liberty of suggesting
to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson]
that he was slightly mistaken as to the construction
that had been given to this section of the law. He
knew that it was now settled that any volunteer
regularly mustered into service, and marched from
the place of rendezvous, who was discharged for
sickness incurred in the time of his duty, before
actually reaching the seat of war, came witlun the
piovisiou of the law, and was entitled to bounty
land; he had the written opinion of the Secretary of
Wfll* fA fK IQ
Mr. RICHARDSON. I was not aware that
the construction, such as the gentleman from Ken-
tucky has stated, had been given to the act. I am
certain that a different construction had been given
to the act at the opening of the session of Con-
gress. I can say, however, that I am glad to learn
that such a construction has been given. I am
satisfied that it is in accordance with the spirit of
the law. My objcct in proposing the amendment
is this: In many cases individuals were willing
to go as field officers; they went to the place of
rendezvous, and when they became satisfied that
they could be elected to a field office, enlisted as
privates, tuid were elected to a field office, never
performing a day's service as a private. And now
1 submit if it is nccessary or proper to give to these
men the bounty of land, while all of the other oifi-
cers are denied such bounty?
If a person in good faith entered the service as
a non-commissioned officer, musician, or private,
and afterwards was promoted, he should not be
deprived of this bounty; but, if he entered the ser-
vice with an understanding that he was to be pro-
moted, and was not to serve as a private, then he is
not and should not be entitled to this bounty. In
many of the States the companies were mustered
into the service, having elected no other officer
than a captain. Immediately after the enlistment,
the other officers were elected, in some of the
States the companies were fully officered before
thoiv enlistment. By the bill, withoutany amend-
ment, the law would operate unequally, and, m my
opinion, unjustly. When the officers were elected
after the enlistment of the company, they, by the
present bill, would get this bounty. When the
company was fully officered, before its enlistment,
the officers would not get this bounty. It is to
obviate this difficulty and inequality that 1 have
proposed the amendment. There are cases that
need legislative aid. My colleague [Mr. McCler-
nand] i*eferred to one, the other day, when this
bill was under discussion. There are many others,
not only from Illinois, but from half the States of
this Union. In cases where privates or non-com-
missioned officers have served as such nearly their
entire time of enlistment, and then been promoted,
it is right and pioper to give them this bounty:
they have earned it rightly, earned it in hard ser-
vice for the country. I hope the bill, with some
amendment that will limit it to these meritorious
cases, may pass.
Some conversation ensued,in which Mr. HALL,'
Mr, RICHARDSON, and Mr. MOREHEAD took
part.
Mr. BOYD said he had not risen to make a specch
upon ihe-bill, but simply for the purpose of sug-
gesting an amendment restricting its benefits to offi-
cers below the grade of field officers. He thought
it would be best, to restrict the operation of the bill
to the lower grades of officers in the army.
Mr- RICHARDSON said he had no objection
to such an amendment—all he wanted was to set
himself right. He was not opposed to the billj he
was strongly in it3 favor. He knew well the need
there was for such a provision as it contemplated.
The case which had been referred to by his col-
league'[Mr. Thompson] was one which had repeat-
edly occurred during the present war.. Ailer the
battle of Buena Vista, they; had great difficulty in
finding officers for companies who had lost, every
officer in action; because men who had sensed'iri
the ranks, and thereby earned their boutity lands,
were unwilling to accept commissions, because
they would lose their land. The bill ought to pass,
but Mr. R. was for limiting its operationin such a
manner as to do justice to all.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, advocated the refer-
ence of the bill, but not to a Committee of .the
Whole on the state of the Union, which was the
worst place in the world for perfecting the details
of a bill: he thought it ought to ^o to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, who would have time and
opportunity maturely to consider the whole sub-
ject. They would examine the original law as
well as the construction put upon it at the Pension
Office, and when they had maturely digested the
best shape for it to take, could report a suitable bill
to the House. The original bill intended that all
soldiers and non-commissioned officers, serving
j out their time and getting an honorable discharge,
should get bounty land; though it contained a pro-
viso that if they did not reach the seat of war tney
should not be entitled to it; but that proviso was
thought to work injustice, and it was resdinded.
Mr. J. thought the bill in its present shape very
objectionable, and not likely to secure the object
sought in reporting it. He argued from the words
of the bill that while those who had been elected
from the ranks to the commission of field officers
would get their land, those promoted to be only
captains and lieutenants would get none—the pri-
vates who took their places would get land, while
others who were mustered the very next day would
get none.
Mr. EVANS said that was the very thing in-
tended. Under the original act officers got no land
at all, it was given to privates only. This bill was
introduced expressly to correct that evil.
Mr. JONES (resuming) said, that should the
bill become a law in its present form, it would
give rise to constructions at the Pension Office that
would occasion ten times as much dissatisfaction
and complaint as existed now. So great was the
difficulty of filling vacancies among company offi-
cers who fell on the field, that many companies
from his portion of the country continued to be
commanded often by second lieutenants to the end
of their term of enlistment. Mr. J. thought the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Richardson,] which restricted the ben-
efits of the bill to privates prorrioted at the actual
seat of war, calculated to create an invidious dis-
tinction, and confine the bounty of the Govern-
ment to a favored few. Some regiments had gone
to the seat of war in companies, and their field
officers were clected there: these would get land,
while the captains and lieutenants of their com-
panies would be entitled to none. The bill needed
to be revised and amended by a committee. He
thought the Government ought to give the bounty
to all the officers or to none. The law in its pres-
ent shape would present great difficulties of con-
struction, and give rise to multiplied complaints.
Mr. BLACK obtained the floor, and was about
to address the House, when
Mr. HUNT inquired of the Chair whether the
morning hour had not expired ?
The CHAIR replying in the affirmative,
Mr. HUNT moved that the House proceed to
the consideration of business on the Speaker's
table.
The CHAIR stated that the first business on
the Speaker's table was the Executive veto on the
harbor bill.
After a brief desultory conversation,
Mr. HUNT withdrew his motion.
Mr. BLACK, said it was impossible that the
House could act on a bill of this character with-
out doing great injustice to one class of persons or
another, unless it were deliberately considered and
fully matured by a suitable committee. Mr. B.
was for securing the land bounty to-every volun-
teer officer. That would do justice to all- ;He
was not in favor of any improper and invidious
discriminations.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, observed that he had
not been in the habit of troubling the House by
remarks of his, but it happened that he represent-
ed here a Congressional district from which more
volunteers had gone to this Mexican war than from
any other in the whole country, and on that ac-
count it was fit-and proper that he should say a
