450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
reported a bill for the relief of Hamilton Lapham; >
and Mr. H. asked that the bill be put upon its pas- !
sa<?e.
to discuss at the present time, it might not be
inappropriate to submit a few remarks, and they
should be very few, on a subject intimately con-
Mr. SAWYER moved to commit the bill. |j nected with the making of appropriations for the
After a short discussion by Messrs. HENLEY, improvement of rivers and harbors. He referred
SAWYER, PUTNAM, and FARRELLY, the !' to the question of the tariff. He should not now
bill was committed. jj go at length into the discussion of that question,
Mr. HENLEY, from the same committee, re- |l because it had been already ably discussed by
ported a bill to authorize the Commissioner of j! several gentlemen on this floor, and particularly
Patents to renew the patent_of Cyrus McCormick ;! by his colleague, [Mr. Stewart was understood
for his horizontal plough. Read and committed.
Mr. CRANSTON presented the resolutions of i
the General Assembly of Rhode Island, requesting j
their Senators and Representatives to oppose the ,
laying a duty on tea and coffee !
by the allusion.] But the district which he had
the honor to represent on this floor was deeply
interested in the question of the protection of
American labor and American capital. They be-
lieve that, notwithstanding the boasted benefits
Also, resolutions of the General Assembly of ,j of the tariff <*f 1846, the old-fashioned American
the State of Rhode Island, in favor of bringing the
■war with Mexico to a close. Laid on the table-
On motion of Mr. SiMS,
Resolved, That the Commuted on Coimneice be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of establishing a port of
entiy At Haek>viIIe, ou the Waocumaw liver, in the di.-tuct
oflforry, South Carolina.
On motion of Mr. TOOMBS, from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, the bill making appro-
priations for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1849, was recommitted to the Committee
of Wctys and Means.
Mr. VAN DYKE presented resolutions of the
Legislature of New Jersey, affirming the declara-
tion of the sentiments of the Chicago Convention,
held in July, 1847, upon the improvement of rivers
and harbors. Referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Whig tariff of 1842 was best calculated topiomote
their interest and the interests of the whole coun-
try; and, accordingly, at a recent county conven-
tion held in the county of Alleghany, resolutions
were passed calling on Congress to repeal the tariff
of 1846 and restore the tariff of 184*2. He regret-
ted that he had not the paper before him containing
those resolutions, for he should cheerfully submit
them to the consideration of the House. He was
not ashamed of the contents of those resolutions,
for he most cheerfully and cordially concurred with
the sentiments expressed in them. He believed the
tariff of 1846 ought-to be repealed, and the tariff of
1842 restored; and he hoped the appropriate com-
mittee would bring in a bill for tluit purpose, and
that the House would be brought to a direct vote
upon it in a short time. He believed it was due
Mr.' McKAY, from the Committee of Ways '■! '? th<; s the country, and to its indnstry,
a Tiff  ' . __-i. , i . >•>.. ! that that onions free-trade Rnhsh ar.t. sl-mnlH hp
and Means, to which had been referred the bill
requiring all moneys receivable from customs and
from all other sources to be paid immediately into
the treasury without abatement or deduction, and
for other purposes, reported the same back to the
House without amendment. Committed.
On motion of Mr. POLLOCK, it was made the
special order of the day for Wednesday next.
Mr. POLLOCK, from the same committee, re-
ported the following resolution, which was read
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands he in-
sti noted to inquire into the expediency of repealing so much
of the e.xk-tmg law^ relating to the public land- a\ /cqiiue*
all patent-; i*.-uod f«om the General L.md Ofhce to ho Mifiieri
by the Pie>ident of the ('nited State,- : and also, 5o much of
said Jatw a-* authouze the President to appoint a secretary
to ^n s.iid patent-s. ANo, to inquire into tne e.\pedienc}
of amending '•aid laws so ;h to requite all patent* tor public
larnh to be M<iri«d by the Co.mm-^ioner. and counte^i-med
by the Rrcolder, ot the Geneial Land Office, or to Uc'cxe- ,
cuted and issued in such mann-rus wili be nio?t conjpatiWe
with the public interest, without the signatiue of the Pre-i- 1
dent, and as will avoid unnecessary delay in the issuing
thereof. " ,
Mr. DUNN, from the Committee of Claims,
reported bills for the relief of Elijah Milam; for
the relief of Thomas P. Graham; for the payment
of a debt due to the heirs of Antoine Peltier; for
the relief nf the heirs of Nicholas Lachanee and
others; which bills were read and committed.
Also, made an adverse report on the petition of
Benjamin Sawyer.
Mr. CROWELL, from the same committee,
made adverse reports on the petitions of John Har-
ris, Captain W. J. Heady, Hiram Hall, and S. H.
Zink. Laid on the table.
Mr. FLOURNOY, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Christopher H. Pix,
of Texas. Read and committed.
Also, made an adverse report on the petition of
Nathaniel Cox. Laid on the table.
RIVER AjS"D HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. HUNT moved that the House do now pro-
ceed to the consideration of the business on the
Speaker's table. Agreed to.
The first subject taken up, was the message of
the President of the United States, returning to the
that that odious free-trade British act should be
repealed and an American tariff restored.
Mr. BED1NGER rose and said the question, as
he understood it, was on the veto message of the
President in relation to improvement of rivers and
harbors; but the gentleman was discussing the
tariff. Now, he asked if the gentleman was in
order?
The SPEAKER was understood to say that the
gentleman was not out of order.
Mr. HAMPTON said, if they proceeded to make
appropriations for the improvement of rivers and
harbors, it would be necessary to look to the reve-
nue whence the means to make the expenditures
for that purpose must be derived. That, therefore,
was a question affecting the tariff, as the means of
creating a revenue, and he should proceed, lieir>°-
perfectly in order, to express his opinion that the
tariff act of 184:2, if it were substituted for the act
of 1846, would furnish ample means for the our-
pose. 1
He did not propose to go into a discussion of
the details of that bill; but, as a member of the
Whig side of the House, he wished to take up the
glove which was thrown down some time since bv
a gentleman on the other side of the House from
the citvof New York, [Mr. Nscoli,,] who asked if
1 the Whig members of this House would have the
J boldness to meet them on the question of protection
or free trade ? For one, (and he was not autho-
rized to speak for his brethren,) he was ready, on
, his own behalf, and in the name of his constitu-
ents, to meet them there or elsew here on the ques-
tion of American industry, or the odious system,
'the humbug of free trade. The gentleman from
New York stated that, as between the question of
protection and direct taxation, he was in favor of
the latter. la so many words, he was in favor of
, direct taxation. Now, ("said Mr. H.,) I take issue
with that gentleman for myself and my constitu-
ents; and I may safely say for the State which I
have the honor in part to represent, that on the
, question of protection or direct taxation, they will
1 find Pennsylvania where they have not found her
• very latelyShe will be found on the side of pro-
tection, for it is her own interest; she will be found
on the side of protection; for the labor of her own
House of Rpnrespnistivo- th  Kill t ' T T "" me siue oi protection; tor ttie labor ot her own
Mouse ot Kepiesentative? the bill to provide for ; citizens in opposition to the pauper labor of Great
C0 t,niuiri2 certain works m the Te.i-nmrv  fWi. i. mP_ ,   mi i«™i oi ureat
continuing certain works in the Territory of Wis
consul, and for other purposes, with his objections i
for withholding his approbation of the same on '
which two questions were pending, viz: Mr. Went-
worih's motion to refer to the Committee on Com- i
merce, and Mr. Vinton's motion to refer to a select '
committee. .
Mr. YINTON withdrew his motion to refer to 1
a select committee, and the question recurred on
the motion to refer to the Committee on Commeice.
M
prior
Britain. The people that I have the h onnr to rep-
resent have been taxed until they are unable to bear
taxation any longer. But what will be the effect h
of a system of direct taxation on her? Why, if i;
the revenues of this Government are to be raised j;
by a direct tax, her proportion of the amount will i
be some six millions of dollars, which she must ji
raise by direct taxes on her citizens. j|
But, sir, I did not rise for the purpose of dis- I.
cussinir this question. I propose to discuss, for a
T-T A A4DTAV -r> , • uuo ^ucsuuu. i propose TO (liSCUSS, lor a ''
. HAMPTONS, of Pennsylvania, said, that ^ short time, with the indulgence of the House the i'
a mg up the subject which he intended il question of appropriations for the improvement of
rivers and harbors. On that subject, sir, I shall
spend a few minutes, and but a few, on the ques-
tion of its constitutionality. Thathas been demed
by the President in his message; find I regret the t
I have neither the time nor the ability to lake up
that message, item by item, and examine and re-
fute it, as I would do, hi^h as the authority that
asserts the doctrines which it contains may be.
The argument of the President is, that it is uncon-
stituUonal to make appropriations for the improve-
ment of harbors and rivers. But I presume I need
not go into a discussion of that question at all, for
this House has vetoed the Piesident's veto itself.
We have already passed on that question, and I
doubt not a lais;e and overwhelming,' majority of
this House is ready at any time to decide it con-
stitutional to make appiopnations for that pur-
pose.
But, sir, I propose to submit a few remarks on
that subject before I proceed to the discussion of
the propriety of making1 appropriations for objccts
of the kind contemplated. Pnor to the formation
of this Union, I would like to know if any gentle-
man will deny that the States possessed power to
make appropriations for the impro>ement ol'rneis
and harbors within their respective jurisdictions.'
Well, if they possessed that power, what has be-
come of it ? Did they surrender it to the General
Government, or did they retain it, or is it lost'
One of these three propositions must be true. It
is admitted on all hands that the States do not pos-
! sess it without the authority of Congiess. The
j President has stated m his message, and the Con-
i stitution proved, that the States cannot levy a duty
! on tonnage without the consent of Cungiess for
| that or for any other purpose. Well, if the States
| cannot do it without the consent of Congress I
i should like to know if Congress cannot do it with-
i out the consent of the States' Does the Consti-
■ tution provide that Congrtss must ask the States
| if they will make such appropriations for purposes
i of this kind? Not at all. Suppose Congress
i should refuse to grant the consent of which the
j President speaks: Have the States the power to
| levy a duty on tonnage? Where, then, is the
i power to make these appropriations and to levy
• this duty on tonnage ? It is nowhere. Xo power
; possesses it, if Congress refuses its consent; for
, the States cannot do it without Congress, and Con-
' gress refuses to grant its consent. But, sir, I would
like for a moment to (all the attention of gentlemen
to the provisions of the Constitution. The tenth
section provides that—
No State shall eutc-r into any treaty, alliance, or confed-
, eration ; giant letfr? of maiquo and repri-a!: cnin monp) ;
emit bill* of credit; make auvfhinc but sold and silver com
l a tender in payment of debt?; pas< am bill of attamdei. ex
j post facto law, or Uw impairing the obligation of contracts,
' or ffrant any title of nobility.
I " No state shall, without the consent of Congress, lay any
j imposts or duties on imports or exports, except what may
: be absolutely nccessniy tor executing its inspection laws";
■ and the net produce of all dime* ami import?, laid by any
| on unpoits or exports, ?lia!l be tor the use of the treai-
I my of tin- CJnitt d States ; and ^11 such i.tws shall be subject
j to the ievi>ion and contml of the '*
| Here the powen's unconditional and unqualified.
' But may not Congress consent that the State of
: Pennsylvania, or Massachusetts, or South Caro-
j hna, shall make her own tarilf in her own way?
. Unquestionably it may, under the same provisions
, of the Constitution which authorizes Congress to
; consent that States may levy a du'y on tonnage.
| I ask gentlemen why they single out the duty on
| tonnage, when that subject is but one of manv
j which are embraced ni the same^reneralprovisions?
j The clauses of the Constitution"which make pro-
i \ision on the subject of " imposts urduties on im-
ports and exports" also provides that no tonnage
duly shall he imposed but with the same sanction
of Congress. The words are;
<•' Xo State *ha!!, wifhouttho con-'ont of Oonarft?". lay any
duty <>f tonnage, keep troop-; or -li.psof u ai in timeo! pracc,
enter into onj agreement or compact with another Snite.or
w nil a foreign i'mver, 01 unhurt' in war. unle^ uctmdlv in-
vaded, or la such imminent danm*i as will nut admit of
delay.''
Why, then, I repeat, are we called upon to single
out one pellicular power that may be be exeicised
by States with the consent of Congress, leaving all
other poweis to be exercised bv Congress? Why,
the President tells you, you have nopowerto make
appropriations for the imptovement of rivers and
harbors with one breath, and with the next he tells
you that you June that power, if you chose to ex-
ercise one of the powers granted by the Constitu-
tion with the consent of Congress. Well, how is
