458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
On motion of Mr. McKAY,
Resjhe-f, That the Committee on Printing be instructed
to inquire mtq tne expediency of having printed the following
statements, which h-ive been prepared m the office of the
Register of the Treasury:
1. A statement of the amount of all revenues received
through each custom-house, and the moneys expended at
each to defray the expenses of collection, from the earliest
practicable period to June 30, 1847, classifying the receipts
and expenditures under different heads, as far as the books
of the department will permit.
■2. A statement of the quantity of land sold, the amount
received therefor, how paid, and the expenses of collection
in each land district, from the earliest practicable period to
the 3i)th of June, 1847, dividing the expenditures under the
usual different heads.
3. A statement of the whole amount of revenue received
into the treasuiy each year, from the earliest piactioahle date
to June 30,1817, giving the source from whence the same
was derived.
4. A statement of the expenditures of the Government
from the earliest practicable time to June 30,1847, separating
the same under different heads of expenditure, as far as can
l>e done fiom the records.
5. A statement of the importation" and exportation® of do-
mestic and foreign good's in American and foreign vessels to
and ! rom each country, from tue earliest practicable penod
tn June 30. J847.
6. A -statement of the tonnage of each district and State,
and of the clause* of vessels, from the earliest penod practi-
cable to June 30, 1847.
7. A statement of the American tonnage engaged in for-
eign trade and in the coaling trade and fisheries, and sea-
men employed, and of foieign tonnage entered and denied,
and the number of their cicws from each port and State,
from the eailiest piacticable period to June 30, 1847.
8. A statement of tiie amount of moneys received on ac-
countot'the marine hospital fund in eacli distuct and State,
and the expenditures at the <ame places from the same fund,
ami from appropnation«each yeat, from the earliest piacti-
cable period to the 30th June, 1847.
Mr. CUMMINS offered the following preamble
and resolutions, which were read:
Whereas the rights and poweis conferred by the people of
the United States upon the Government ot the United States
are by the Constitution wisely divided into and distnbuted
among threo sep irate, distinct, and independent depart-
ments, the Legislative, the Executive, and the Judicial,
upon each oi' which are confeued eei tarn scpai ate, distinct,
and Hide-pendent power- ;ind rights, and of each ot which id
requited the faithttil performance of ceitam separate, inde-
pendent. and distinct duties: and whereas the safety ot the
citizen- ami the harmony and pcrpvtuitv o( the Government
ibelf require^ that each department should be kept within its
pie-cubed constitutional limits, and that neither br* permit-
ted lo u-uip the powers or to encroach upon the right.- or
privilege* of the other • and whereas the maimgemcnf of our
affuis with foieign nations and the power to negotiate treaties
is by the Constitution confeired upon the Piesident.and the
power I > ratify or rei^ct treaties belongs, to the Senate. each
being held ie-pon^ii)]e to the people lor the ui*doui and
fiikhfv with which they lespectfulh exeicise the-e poweis
a,id di-t barge tlieir respective duties : and whereas bv tlie
Constitution of tne United States the Pie^ident i- constituted
the coimnaridei iri-chtet ot our army and navy, and he, with
his C.ibm"t nuru-ters and officer? in command, aie charged
with and le Id responsible, foi the faithful, efficient. and wise
exercise of the power and discharge of the duties thus con-
terrod and whereas it would be impolitic and unwise, vend-
ing xbc negotiation ot treaties wilhloieign nations, oi dunn"
tue existence of outstanding and unsettled questions, to give
publicity to or to inform the adverse Government of'the'in-
stiuctions gi\en by our Government at home to our minis-
ters and diplomatic ngmts abroad, or of the confidential
cone-p mdence which may have parsed between them and
whereas, aho, it would be unwise and often disastrous to
the public mteievf-jdunngthe existence ot a wai,to publish
to the woild and inform the public enemy of the strength
position, condition, and movements ot oui ainjy>or to dis-
close to tlie public enemv the plans of projected campaign®
yet unexecut'-d . Tln-ieloie
R'&olvrd, That the President of the United State?, in the
faithful dischatge of his constitutional duiies. in invented
with the nghL and clothed with the power to withhold fiom
puhle ation to t'ic woi hi and to the public enemv such m-
lonnation as in his judgment, and in the exerc>e of a sound
discretion, would jeopard the saftty of our army and the
sueewss ot our arms, and such as would be detumentul to the
public mter'^ts and ad\antageous to the enemy on!\
Rejoiced, That the President of the United State"-' tn the
faithful discluuge of his constitutional dunes, h invested
witn the right amW-lotbed with the povvei to withhold from
publication such information, imtivctions, and confidential
coricspondence, connected with the unsettled mteinational
connoversies or pending negotiations on the ^ame,as in ln«
judgment, and m the e.v>rci,e of a sound discretion, would
be p<emdieia! to the public interest and beneficial to the ad-
verse Government.
Revived, Tnat the House of Representative4, has the rHit
and power to call upon tlie President of the United States
foi any inform.itton ulueli lie, as President, may ho^pss or
control, toiiclmiz or concerning our national affaire, tuber
do:n<^tic or foicign, and that it ^ toe duty of tile President
to communicate -itch mfoimation, unle =, from consider-
ations o( public pohey, and 111 the exeicise ot a sound dis-
ei("ion, fir vhoiild he of opinion tliat tile publication of such
intr.rmatnn would ho prejudicial to the public lmerest, or
:id\nntaireou~ to our adversancs.
Mr. CX^.YIMfiVS moved the previous question.
Mr. OU^V.Y moved to lay the resolutions on the
table. Lost.
The House then refused to second the previous
question; and
Mr. DUER giving notice of his intention to de-
bate the resolutions, they were laid over.
Mr. LAHM offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Mileage be instructed
to report a bill, as soon a* convenient, so amending the laws
regulating the compensation ot Senators and Representatives
in Congress as to reduce their compensation of travel to and
from the seat of Government ot the United Slates to ttie sum
of five dollars for every twenty miles of travel for the first
four hundred miles to and from said seat of Government, and
on all the distance over the said four hundred miles the
same to be reduced to two dollais for eveiy twenty miles
travel, and that said committee be also insttucted to inquire
into the expediency of reducing the per diem pay of mem-
bers of Congress, and on this last subject they report by bill
or otherwise.
Mr. LAHM moved the previous question.
The question was put on seconding the demand
for the previous question, and the House refused
to second the said demand; and
Mr. RICHARDSON then giving notice of his
intention to debate the resolution, it was laid over
under the rule.
On motion of Mr. CROWELL,
Resolved, That the petition of William Greer, together
with the additional testimony in the case, be referred again
to the Committee of Claims.
On motion of Mr. TAYLOR,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands be,
and they fire hereby, instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of ceding to the State of Ohio all the land* remaining
unsold, and that are unsaleable, m the Chihcothe land dis-
trict, in tiiat State, lor such purposes of internal improve-
ment and education in said district as the General Assembly
of Ohio may detni best.
Mr. FRIES offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be, and be is here-
by, authonzed to pay to William T. Stewart his pavas mes-
senger of the House of Representatives for the months of
December. Januaiv, and February.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, giving notice of
his intention to debate the resolution,It was laid
over under the rule. '
Mr. HARMANSON offered the following reso- :
lution, which was read, considered, and agreed to: 1
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole on the State :
of the Union be discharged from the further consideration 1
of House bill ATo 8. being n bill relating to the collection .
district of New Orb-ans. and for other purposes, and be ;
made the special oider of the day for to-morrow, Tuesdav, i
the loth mutant * 1
Mr. EMBREE offered the following resolution, :
which was adopted: ,
Resolved, That the Government of tlie United States
owns a 'aige quantity of land m the counties ot Gibson and
Po-ey, in m<? Sftte ot Indiana, lung on the Wabash and
White river*, which is flat arid wet, and subject to over- !
flow, and thuebv rendered worthier', and create di«ea*e m
the adjoining country; and whereas said lands have been
offt red for siie more than forty years, and that the same
would be of gr*- at value were thej reclaimed, and tnc coun-
try around them rendered much more hcaltln ; and whereas ■
it is thought piacticable to reclaim said lands by draining and ,
levelling Therefore be it lesohed, that the Committee on ■
Public Lands inquire into the expediency of (granting and
ceding to said counties the poition of said lands lying m
each respectively for the purposes afoiesaid.
On motion of Mr. CATHCART,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public'Lands be in-
stituted to inquire into the expediency of providing that
tho^e persons who have entitled themselves to receive 160
acre* of bounty land for their services during the present
war with Mexico, and who may be likewise preemption
claimants upon the Miami lands in Indiana, shall have the
privilege of entiling such tracts by the apnhcation of their
bountv-land warrants in payment or part pay therefor: said
warrants to be estimated at £-2')0.
On motion of Mr. DUNN:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Po-t Office and Po<t
Eoad- be instructed to inquire whether there is any regula-
tions of the Post Office Department by wmch greater facili-
ties are given m the tiansmi.-ion through the Post Office to
written ihan to printed matter; the reason or necc«-ity of
any -uch regulation^; and whether there has been any un-
reasonable delay in forwarding anv public document* or
other printed matter, afiei being placed in thePoj-t Office;
and also whether any further legislation is necessary to en-
sure the sp^iy and sale traii-mi^ion of ail mailable matter
deposited in the Post Office, whether printed oi written.
Mr. EMBREE offered the following preamble
and resolution, which were read, and the resolu-
tion agreed to:
W herea«. James Smitheon. Ejq., by bis la^t will and testa-
ment, having given the whole of hi*- propertj, now amount-
ing to more than £700,001), to the Tinted States, tn lound an
establishment foi the increase and diffusion of knowledge
among men, and Crmgrevs, to cariv out the liberal design-of
the donoi, having passed an ant entitled '• An act to establish
the Smithsonian Institution for the increase and diffusion of
knowledge^among men,'' appioved August 10, 18-40 ; and ,
Wiierea-^ officers have been appointed underpaid act, and are
proceeding to eiect a building, which, with the improve-
ments attached, according to their estimate, h to co>t about 1
.$2>01 OhO; and said offices arc about to establish in said
bunding, with the funds of the institution, a libiarv, to con-
tun 100,000 volume'-, a museum on a large MMle,a'ehem!<-al
laboratory, lecture-iooms foi the purpose of" dehvernif lec-
tures, and a gallery of ait; and wheieas all ot -aid of i< cts
an- local in their nature, and eontin"d to the <*it\ of Wash-
ington and ib vicinity, when the dengn of the libei a! donor
was not only the increase of knowledge but the diffusion of i
j it amongst men, for the general good; and whereas vud act
\ provides *l that ihuie is reserved to Congress the ri ht of
! alteung or amending, adding to, or repealing am of tin pio-
visioiis-of this actTheielore, be it
I Resolved, That the Cominiitee ot the Library inquire into
| the expediency of so changing and inodihing said act a< lo
j establish a depaitnient'm said institution for the purpose of
i coHectmgand arranging mfoimation on agueulture,common
! school education, political economy , and the useful arts and
I sciences; which information, together with the useful b c-
J tures that may be delivered in said institution, shall be pub-
j hshed and circulated gratuitously among the people, -o a< to
1 carry out the design of the te-itator in dill uMng useful knowl-
! edge amongst men, and that «aid committee repoit by bill or
| otherwise.
| On motion of Mr. TOMPKINS,
; j Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
II Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of provi-
'' ding for permanent arrangements with the lailmads m the
! several States of the Union to tinmpoitthe Tinted States
; mail, and m< ans and munitions of v\ ai upon long contracts,
11 sa\ tw entj \'e.us.
j! 'Resolved, That the-'aid committee be also nistiucled to
!, iiKpure into the expediency of gianting ^uch contiacls on
terms and conditions th.itreitain per oi compensation
' for such seivices he employed to eomplne untuiished p-^r-
jj tions of road*, to fill up links not no^ coM.tciing. ai.d lor
li the continuation especially ot the -outiiwt-tein 'thaui of
|J railroads; and that they rtport b} bill oi otherwk-c.
]j On motion of Mr. TOMPKINS,
i Resolved, That the Committee on Public Land' be m-
!; structed to inqune into the expediencv of granting to the
States of Mississippi and Alabama certain portions of the
|! public binds, to aid in the construction of a laihoad fiom
:j Jackson, in the Male of Mississippi, to Montgomery, in the
11 State of Alabama; and that they repoit by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. TOMPKINS^
I j Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Po«t
1 Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency ofe^tab-
'i li&hmg a mail route from Hillsborough. Scott e< unt\, to
|: Raleigh, Smith county, Mis.si<j-ippi: and the e>tabljshment
.! of a post office at thehou<e of A-a Mwjs, m the s^id county
j; of Scott; and that they leport b\ bill ot otbeiwisf. And,
i al o. that they inquire into the expediency ot granting to ihe
Postuiaster General authority to branch the mail stage innte
trom Jackson, in Mississippi, to Gam&ville and Livingston,
> in Alabama, at or east ot Hillsborough, so that one branch p.t^a
j through Philadelphia, m the count\ of Xe«hoba. and De
; Kalb, m the county of Kemper, and ihe other branch to pass
: through Decatur, in the county of Newton, and .Marion, in
the counts of Lauderdale, Mississippi; and tiiat they report
b} bill or otherwise.
! Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved the
following- resolution:
' Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be instruct-
ed to repoit to tins House joint lesolutions to be recom-
mended to the several Stales for adoption, amending the t.rst
section of the third article of the Constitution of the United
States-, winch provides- that the judge? both ot the Suprtme
and mferioi courts shall hold their oriices during good beha-
vioi.-*' so as to read, u ihe judges both of the Supreme and
nifeiior courts shall hold their offices for a term of \^ars, to
he prescribed by law."
Mr. THOMPSON moved the previous question.
Mr. FRIES moved to lay the resolution on the
table; which motion was decided in the affirmative:
• Yeas 83, nays 68.
' So the resolution was laid on the table.
| Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, asked leave to intro-
; duce the following: joint resolution, of which pre-
! vious notice had been given, viz:
RESOLUTION authorizing the President to cause ceititi-
I cates to be piepared and presented to the officer* and sol-
diers who have served in the prc-ent wat with Mexico.
Be it resolved by the Senate and. Home of Re pi esentufii <?<? of
the United Scales of  dmtric<i lit Connies:, asse/iihhd, That
■ the Picsidentbe, and ht heieby js. authonzed to cause cer-
tificates to be prepa'ed on paichment. of suitable -size, and
with appropriate devices, to be piesented to each officer,
non-commissioned officer, musician, and private, of the ieg-
1 uUr forces and volunteeis. who has served or may serv e in
the present war with Mexico during the teim for winch be
entered the arm\, oi until he has been oi shah he honorablv
; discharged from the service; which shall be signed b\ ihe
| Piesident and sealed with the seal of the War Depaitnvn:,
and countersigned by the Secretary of War; Inch cl rtifi-
! cates shall &cl forth the term of service of ihe officer, non-
j commissioned oflicei. musician, or pnvate, and the battle or
baules in which he has been oi ina\ be engaged, together
with all special acts ol distinguished gallantij performed by
him m tlie service.
~ind he it further resolved} That it shall be the duty of the
President to cause Mich measures to he taki n as "he may
deem most expedient and hc-t calculated to prnr are come't
infohnation a- to the services of ihe olliceis. non commis-
sioned officer*, musicians, and pmntes, u ho have son ed or
' maj seive in the piesent war with Mcmco. to enable him to
, cany into efi>ct the foiegomg lesolution.
*dnd he it further icsohcd. That when any officer, nnn-
eoinmissioned oihcer, musician, oi private, ha* heenor nny
be kille<l in bailie, oi has j|j< d or ma> die ni the service, the
certificate afoiesaid shall be pic-semcd to ins family.
Debate arising on the motion for leave, it was
kid over under the rule.
On motion of AFr. KICK LIN,
Resolc'd. That tlie Commute o on Public Lands inquire
into the expedient of repoiung a bill granting bountv lands
to tie- soldiers engaged in tlie Indian wars, umh r Gen.
St. CI.nr. Ifamar, and Wayne : and also such *oldiets of ib«
war ot 1812 as have not received bounty lauds; and that they
report by bill or otheiwise.
