460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
ory and Ahert, or either of them, a* ordered by tlii« House ;
and if *>o, with whom *?ud contract ha* been made, ami when
sud' maps or any portion of the number ordered, will he
ready fur delivery.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CRO WELL, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Cassius M. Clay.
Read and committed.
Also, from the same committee, an adverse re-
port upon the petition of John Hamilton. Laid
on the table.
Mr. LIGON, from the same committee, made
an adverse report upon the petition of John De-
groot. Laid on the table.
Mr. DUNN, from the same committee, made
adverse reports upon the petitions of Javvis Jack-
son and Jeremiah Rushton. Laid on the table.
Mr. FLOURNOY, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Thomas Crown.
Read and committed.
Mr. HUNT, from theCommittee on Commerce,
made an adverse report upon the petition of Atkins
Dyer. Laid on the table.
Mr. GREGORY, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to provide for landing and storing1 the
cargoes of vessels from foreign ports, and for other
purposes. Read and committed.
Mr. DONNELL asked leave to offer a resolution;
but, objection being made, it was not received.
Mr. GOGGIN, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, made an adverse report on
the petition of John McRae. Laid on the table.
Mr. SIMS, from the Committee on the District
of Columbia, reported a bill to incorporate the
Washington Mutual Fire Insurance Company.
Read and committed.
Mr. HALL, of New York, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of
George R. Ward. Read and committed.
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for
the relief of Joshua Eddy, deceased Read and
committed.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported a bill to repeal so much
of the 30th section of the act to establish the ju-
dicial courts of the United States as authorizes the
taking of depositions de bene esse, without notifica-
tion to the adverse party. Read and committed.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a joint lesolutionfor the re-
lief of Samuel T. Anderson. Read and committed.
Mr. K.also presented a memorial of the Cham-
ber of Commerce of the city of New York, m
relation to the removal of obstructions to naviga-
tion at Hell Gate, in the East river, accompanied
by a plan for the improvement thereof. Referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CHAPMAN, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a bill to incorporate
the Eagle Steamboat Company. Read and com-
mitted.
Also, from the same committee, reported a bill
to change the name of Photius Kavasales to Pho-
tius Fisk. The bill was twice read.
Mr. C. made a brief statement of the case. The
petitioner (he said) was a chaplain in the United
States navy, a naturalized citizen, and at present
an inhabitant of the District of Columbia, being
stationed at the navy-yard in this city. Mr. Kav-
asales was desirous of changing his name in con-
sequence of some events which "had taken place in
Greece, his native country; and the name he wish-
ed to take was that of an early benefactor. There
could be no doubt of the power of Congress to pass
such a law, similar acts having been passed here-
tofore; and, as he presumed there could be no ob-
jections to the object of the bill, he moved that it
have its third reading at this time, and be immedi-
ate! v put upon its passage.
Mr. FICKLIN said he had been absent from
the committee when this bill was under considera-
tion, and he did not know that he should oppose
the object of the bill; but he could not give his as-
sent to the motion to pass it without previous ref-
erence to a committee. One of the standing com-
mittees of the House ought to have an oppoftumty
of inquiring inio the facts of the case, and report
them to the House. He thought the House had
of late got too much into the habit of passing bills
hastily, on the spur of the moment, without due
consideration; and he, for one, should set himself
against the continuance of such a practice. He
hoped the bill would take the usual coiuse.
Mr. SIMS thought there could be no possible
necessity for committing so simple a bill as this.
The case was perfectly plain, and there could be
no doubt as to the power of the House to act. The
applicant for whose benefit this bill had been re-
ported was a naturalized citizen of the United
States, and a resident citizen of this District. When
a citizen of one of the States was desirous of
changing his name, an act was passed by the State
Legislature, either directly or by authorizing the
courts to do it. Congress stood to the people of
this District in the place of a local legislature, and,^
no question, possessed the power to pass a bill of
this description.
Mr. BURT wished to inquire of the chairman
of the committee who reported this bill whether,
by the laws of Maryland, (which were at present
in force in this District,) the courts were not em-
poweied to change the names of citizens applying
for such change? Had the committee inquired on
that subject?
Mr. SIMS replied that the committee had not
made such an inquiry, because, knowing that their
chairman was an able, experienced, and learned
member of the Maryland bar, they presumed, of
course, that he was well informed on that point.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, stated that the laws
of Maryland gave to the courts no such power.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL was desirous of know-
ing why any man in the United States could pot,
without any act of Congress, or of any Legisla-
ture whatever, change his name as he pleased?
He had put that question to a learned gentleman
of his acquaintance, who agreed with himself in
the opinion that there was nothing to prevent it.
Mr. 1. believed that a man could change his own
name by his own act as often as he pleased, Mr.
I. had seen the question tried and decided in the
affirmative. But such change, when made, did not
operate to diminish in the least degree the force of
any previous contract the individual might have
entered into previously, nor would it prevent his
being brought before a court of justice for any
crime he had before committed.
Mr. SIMS assented to the position taken by Mr.
Intgcrsoll, that a man might change his name as
often as he pleased; but, though he had the natural
right to do it, this was like many other natural
rights which a man did not choose always to ex-
ercise. A man had a natural right to get drunk,
but he could not exercise that right without conse-
quences which every man did not like to incur. No
respectable man would choose to have his name
accompanied with a dozen aliases. It was accord-
ingly customary in all the States for an orderly and
good citizen, who for particular reasons might be
desirous of changing his name, to apply to the
highest tribunal in the State where he resided, who
passed a solemn public act of legislation making
the change desired.
In other States the necessity for this was super-
seded by u general law empowering certain of the
State courts to grant such requests. By this means
good oider was preserved in the community, and
a citizen whose circumstances rendered it proper
and desnable that he should change his name was
preserved from being exposed to suspicion in doing
so. It was a good municipal police regulation, and
ought to be encouraged; while, on the contrary,
the change of men's names without such sanction
of public authority ought not to be encouraged.
He saw no conceivable necessity for any delay in
so plain a case as this, and he hoped the bill would
be suffered to pass at once without further objec-
tion.
Mr. PALFREY said he had not watched the
course of this debate, having had his attention par-
tially called off to another matter. He understood,
however, the facts to be, that a highly respectable
gentleman, a citizen of this District, and a chaplain
m the navy, who was a natuialized citizen of the
United States, desired, for reasons satisfactory to
himself, to have his name changed, by assuming
that of a deceased benefactor. The only objection
Mr. P. had heard urged in opposition to this bill
was, that the petitioner could make the change for
himself. Mr. P. was acquainted with the fact that
names were changed by statute law in the States.
In Massachusetts, when a man wanted to change
his name, he petitioned the State Legislature; the
petition was sent to a committee, who reported a
bill for his relief, which passed the usual forms,
the same as any other State law. If this was the
general course in tne State Legislatures, he pre-
sumed, as Congress was in the place of a State
Legislature to the people of this District, the same
thing could here be done by Congress. The only
remedy proposed by his friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr. J. R. Ingersoll] for this Mr. Kavasales was
that he should change his name to any other he
preferred to bear, without any of the forms of legis-
lation. His friend was a lawyer, which Mr. P.
was not; and if he said so, Mr. P. presumed that
a man might, if he pleased, take a new name as
often as he pleased, under which he might sue and
be sued, just as under that by which he was known
before. But would not this be considered as a
very suspicious proceeding? The first time such
a man signed his new name to a note of hand,
would it give much satisfaction to the receiver of
the note, who had always till then known him by
another name? And would it be so if he did it a
second time? Would not such a proceeding be
apt to give rise to some embarrassing questions ?
But Mr. P. thought that the Congress of the Uni-
ted States had barred itself against a refusal m this
case by passing previous laws for such a change.
The records of the House would, he believed, show
some half dozen cases in which similar applications
had been complied with for the benefit of citizens
of the District of Columbia. The recent case of
Captain Finch, of the navy, whose name had been
changed to Bolton, must be fresh m the recollection
of all.
Mr. FICKLIN persisted in his objection to per-
mitting this bill to pass without previous reference
to a committee. His first objection was, that this
practice of passing, what were stated to be unim-
portant bills, without referring them, wasbecommg
too frequent in the House; and bills had sometimes
been passed in this way, on the assurance of some
member that they were mere matters of form, or
of a nature so simple as not to admit of any ques-
tion, which, when it was too late, were found to
be of great importance. He thought it a good rule
that all bills, of every kind, whether of great or
little alleged importance, should go to one of the
standing committees of the House, and undergo a
full investigation there. The exceptions, Mr. F.
thought, should be rare, indeed. In the present
case, he could see no necessity for running this bill
through the House, without its being referred. He
would desire to ask the chairman of the committee
what evidence had the committee or the House
that the applicant was a resident of the Distiict of
( Columbia? Had any witnesses testified that such
was the fact; or had the committee taken it for
granted, on the mere assertion of the party who .
wished to change his name. Such changes were
sometimes sought for dishonest purposes, though
Mr. F. was very far from charging such to be the
case in the present instance.
Mr. CHAPMAN stated, in reply, that the com-
mittee and the House had as strong evidence of the
fact a* could possibly be desired. They had the
Navy Register, which showed that Mr. Kavasales
was a chaplain in the United States navy, and that,
by order of the Navy Department, he had been
ordered, as his station, to the navy-yard in this
city. He was by birth a Greek; and he presumed
' he need not state that he could not be an officer of
the United States navy unless he were a naturalized
citizen. The applicant had shown, by this official
document, that he was a citizen of the District.
Mr. C. said he could not have supposed that a
little bill like this, whose only object and cffcct was
to enable a respectable man, from an honorable
motive, to change hi^ name for that of an eaiiy
benefactor, could possibly have given rise to such
a discussion? He hoped his fiiend from Illinois
[Mr. Fickli.y] would consent to withdraw his
objection.
Mr. FICKLIN regretted that he could not com-
ply with the request of his friend from Maryland,
especially as that gentleman was one of the clever-
est men in the House. He should be foiced to
vote against the passage of the bill.
Several other members were on their feet; when
Mr. STEPHENS moved the previous question.
The motion was seconded by the House, and
the previous question was put and earned, and the
bill was passed.
Mr. CHAPMAN, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a bill to incorporate
the Washington Gas Light Company. Read and
committed.
Mr. SILVESTER, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, made adverse reports on
