1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
461
the petitions of Mary Woods, Rebecca Bump,
Harriet McAlister, and Emily Hoyt. Laid on the
table.
Mr. S. LAWRENCE, from the same commit-
tee, made adverse reports on the petitions of Mary
Bluking, Priscilla Maxwell, and Joanna Steeples.
Laid on the table.
Mr. CUMMINS, from the same committee,
made adverse reports on the petitions of Abigail
Harris and Elizabeth Throop. Laid on the table.
Mr. COCKE, from the same committee, to
which was referred Senate bid amending the act
entitled "An act granting half-pay to widows or
4 orphans, where their husbands and fathers have
* died of wounds received in the military service
* of the United States, in cases of deceased officers
* and soldiers of the militia and volunteers, passed
1 July 4, 1836," reported the same with an amend-
ment. Committed.
Mr. FREEDLEY, from the same committee,
made adverse reports on the petitions of David
Black, Hannah Hampton, the heirs of David
Jewett, Ruth Loomis, Philena Phelps, Thankful
Penly, and John Sutherland. Luid on the table.
Mr. PRESTON, from the Committee on the
Library, reported the following resolution, which
was agreed to:
Resolved, Tlmt 10,000 copies cach of the three maps
drawn by Oapuin McClellan, from actual survey*, by hun-
s-lfand other* ot the Topographical eorp<? of the haitlen of
Mexico and of Oerro Gordo, and of this operations at Vein
Ciu/., be pinned lor the use of this House, of which 1,00J
copies shall be on drawing paper, and 9,000 on i ood tlun
map paper, and that the Committee on Engraving be direct-
ed to contiuet for the same.
Mr. W. T. LAWRENCE, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of Joel Thacker. Itcau and commuted.
COLLECTION DISTRICT OF NEW ORLEANS.
On motion of Mr. TIIIHODEAUX, the House
then took up (he bill relating to the collection dis-
trict of New Orleans, and for other purposes, it be-
ing the special order set apart for this day.
The bill was read, and the question being on en-
grossing the bill and reading it a third time—
Mr. THIBODEAUX rose and said: It is not
my intention to discuss the merits of this bill at
any length, as its provisions are rather of a local
than of a general nature, and more immediately
affect the commercial interest of New Orleans than
those of the country at large. The Committee
on Commerce to whom the bill was referred, has
reported unanimously in its favor; and, if the Le-
gislature of the State of Louisiana be considered
as good authority in this matter by the members of
thits House, then here there will be no opposition
to ir.s provisions; for (ho House of Representatives
of that Stan; has recently passed, by a vote off) I to
JO, a resolution recommending the extension of the
poit of New Orleans so as to include Lafayette,
and the Senate concurred in it with only two dis-
senting voices. Sir, the city of New Orleans has,
within a few years, filled her cntiic upper corporate
limit, and has united with Lafayette, the centre of
a street being the only boundary between them,
though they are under different municipal authori-
ties; but, fbi all purposes of trade and commerce,
New Orleans and Lafayette are one and the same
city. As now established by law, the port of New
Orleans is limited on the upper side by the city of
Lafayette, with its well-built streets and its popu-
lation often thousand souls, while the lower part
of the port, where the spread of improvement and
population has been less, includes lumber-yards,
saw-mills, kitchen-gardens, and other suburban
establishments, and vessels are there but seldom
seen, whereas the wharves of the upper part are
constantly crowded with craft of every description.
Thus the actual port is limited on the one side so
as to exclude from the benefit of custom-house
regulations a very large portion of its inhabitants,
who are among the most deeply interested in its
commercial prosperity. The exigencies of com-
mcrce imperiously demand the extension of the
port of New Orleans as proposed by the bill under
consideration, and, so far as I have been able to
ascertain, the opposition to the measure is based
more upon merely local considerations than upon
any circumstances affecting its expediency and ne-
cessity as a matter of general interest and utility.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, was read
a third time, passed, and sent to the Senate for
concurrence.
MR. SLIDELL S INSTRUCTIONS.
On motion of Mr. STEPHENS, the House pro-
ceeded to thejsonsideration of the business on the
Speaker's table, viz: The message of the Presi-
dent of the United States, transmitting documents
in relation to the return of Santa Anna and Paredes
to Mexico, and refusing to furnish the instructions
given Mr. Slidell, as requested by a resolution of
the House of Representatives of 4th of January,
1648.
Mr. TOMPKINS, who was entitled to the floor
when the subject was previously under considera-
tion, addressed the House in continuation of le-
marks commenced by him on the 19th of January
last, anu afull report of which will be found in the
Appendix.
Mr. STANTON next succeeded in catching the
Speaker's eye and recognition, and he ascended
Lhe tribune, or rostrum, thence to address the
House, thus stationing himself with his back to
the repot ters. He was understood to commence
by saying that it was not his purpose to reply to
lhe speech of the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Tompkins,] who had just taken his seat, but to
give his views generally on the present state of
affairs, as connected with the war with Mexico,
and the responsibility that belongs to the parties
that divide this country in reference to the war.
In doing this, it would come properly within the
scope of his remaiks to defend the position which
the President had taken, to which the gentleman
from Mississippi had very pointedly referred. A
full repoit of the speech of Mr. S. will appear in
the Appendix.
Mr. ROOT, of Ohio, obtained the floor, and
moved an adjournment, which was carried, and
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented and referred;
By Mi. PltMSTON : The petition of' William C. Williams
ami oiheib, piajmg lor u change in the put-t olhee laws.
Hy Mr. MeC'i..E;.L A,\i): '1 in; remon tiance oi Chailes
Ohmtdler and outers, ot Clinton, Michigan, against the tui-
ther extension oi the Jcthro Wood patent.
By Mr. SiLVEri i lilt. The petition oi certain inhab'tants
of the county ot Uruene, in the Mute,of New Yoik, pruning
tor the establishment ot a po t route fioiu Greenville, through
Norton Mill, to Oak ilitU
By Mr. tiKADY • The remonstrance of Adam Small and
10U other eiti/.ens and faimeia oi Franklin enmity, Pennsyl-
vania, against the lenewul oi Jcthro W'ood'o p itcnt.
By Mr. HOLMES, of Now Yoik: A petition nug^O!-ttn| 
the pioprtety oi a ueiicral law bv winch fill incoiporatt d
plank road companies may bo permuted to import lumber
tor at tnnl u* - upon th(  Mime u riu-  wnieli lailumd compa-
nies are pci aimed to import uon tor the uac of their r<_ sjm ol-
ive io,ids.
fly Mr. flAMl'T' )N, of Ni w Jersey: TJtc petition of Job
Uaim-v, RouUen Koheri-, und -JIM other omi/.chb nt tlx- State
oi Nenv ji'isi'),n kr11u ('om«ic>>s io eM.ibli h a mail loiite
liom (lie eil) oi l'lnlaoi Ipiua to .Mount Limn I, in  ;nd Male,
and (« i tain po^t «-llnes theiem named. Al-o, (lie pennon
of John bailey, Nicholas Rape, and *20.1 other citi/en* of
New June), n-.j|ui);j (Joiime s ior an appiopriaiion to n move
the obsuunion* liom tJieat iSjji; ll.ulioi nwi, in said Suite.
By Mr HOLMI5S, of New tfork: 'ihe petition ot citizens
of Whe.ttand for a military depAt at the mouth of the (ien-
e.see river, in the Suite ol New Yoik.
By Mr- liuTT: Several affidavit* of citizens of Momoe
county, New York, showing stuns paid tor the puviie^e of
making Jethro Wood's c.ut-iron plough.
By Mr. NIOLSON ; The petition ot Thomas Suthnrd and
many other citizens of I'etkskill, n\ the State oi N.-w York,
tm the Mibject of the reduction ot postage on new.-p.ipem,
Also, the teinoustrance ot Jonn Biayon, George h. Scar?-,
and otln r citizen* of ((range countv, New York, ag<un*t the
renewal oi extension of the J< thro Wood patent tor the can-
non plough.
By Mr. TCR.VEU: The petition of P. 1). Gaston and ISO
others, pruning lor a mail route from Peiu io I'tme.ion,
Winnebago, Yot luow n, Washington, Bennington, Grand.(IPs
F«.rn, Attiea, Fan port, Gaston's Giove, and Pleasant Val-
ley, and to Uock UWnd. Al-o, oi William II. huial and
otner*, prajing for the same suhjet t. A!m , the p mum of
S. D. Carpenter and I'-M other-, prav ing (or a mail route from
Elizabeth to Fieeport, in the State of Illinois Also, Hie
petition ot I). li. Birdsall. po>tnia>ter at Dixon, Minim*, pinn-
ing for additional eompen-ation. Al-o, Hie petition and
paper* ol John Howe, of I'icepoit, lllinoio, piawng lor a
law nuUiouziiig the allowance and payment ot eeitain ac-
counts.
By Mr. McKAY: The petition of Sarah Yates, of Colum-
bia, South Caiolmn,nuking that compensation maybe made
to the e>Ute ol Captain John Yates tor supping which he
furnished io the Ameuean army in the revolutionary war.
By Mr. ECivEkT . A petition (torn amen* ol Sehuvlktll
county, toi a mail route liom Orwig^burg,Sebujlkill county,
to Lehigiiton, C irbon county.
By Mr, SLr.\GBltLA\U : The petition of John Christie.
By Mr. BUTLt-.R: 'the petition of John Ca-e and other
citizens of Columbia county, Pennsylvania, asking that the
General Government shall no longei traffic /ior petnut traffic
m lhe pub.tc lands j et m it  possession ; and that said lands
shall be laid out in farms or lots for the free use of such cit-
izeQii (notpos e&sed of other land) as will occupy them; and
that the jurisdiction of the public lands be transferred to the
States or Territoiies only on condition that biich a dnposi-
tion lie mf de of ihem.
By Mr. EVANS, of Maryland : The petition of William
Hudson, George W. Bennett, David F. Karmer. John J. E.
Poole, and others, prajwg the appointnent of a ptnnn to
grant em oilmen ts and licences, to reside at Chesapeake city,
Maryland. Also, the petition of Robert R. Emerson and
others, cittzf ns of Caroline county, Marjland, praytrg the
discontinuance of certain mail loutes and the establishment
of others
By Mr. RUMSEY: The petition of William H. Lamport
and other citizens of Ontario county, New York, against the
revival of the patent for Jcthro Woo<i'> cast-iron plough.
Bv Mr. STUART, of Michigan : The petition of citizens
of Kalamazoo and St. Joseph's counties, in the State of
Miehigan, for a mail route from Kalamazoo, in the county
of Kalamazoo, Michigan, to Lima, in the e< univ of I a-
grange. Inrfinnn, via Austin's Lake, VulM'tirg, John W.
Backev's, Mendon Sand Lake, and Sturgis Prairie.
By Mr. JENKINS : Twenty-iluee remonstrances against
the renewal of Wood's patent.
By Mr. HAMPTON, of Perm*}Ivania: The petition of
I..'500 citizens of A Meghan} count). Pennsylvania, pin}ing lor
the repeal of the aetol Congress entitled 44An act respecting
fugitives from justice and peisons e>eapni«r from the service
ot their imvteis" pa«sed Februaiy 32, 17f3
Bv Mr. CROWKLL . The petition of Thomas* Cilmore,
Nathan Webb, nnd other citizens of TiumbnII county, Ohio,
lor the repeal of .'omuch of the act ofConmess ol March 3,
1847, a* tequires poHaye to be paid on n< v\ (-papers cncu-
lating within thirty miles of the nftii e of publication, m.d lor
such other modifications of said net as shall moie efiectually
provide for a uniform sysum of cheap postage on letters.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, JSlavch 14, 1848.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sfnate
a report of the noting Secretary of the Tieasnry,
made agreeably to law, exhibiting certain contincts
and expenditures during the periods and for the ob-
jects therein mentioned.
RESOLUTIONS OF NEW YORK LEGISLATURE.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a resolution passed
by the Legislature of the State of New Yoik, in
favor of an extension of the acts granting" pensions
to the widows of officers and soldiers of the Revo-
lution; which was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. DIX presented a resolution passed by the
Legislature of New York, in opposition to any
change in the act of the 2d of March, 1837, con-
cerning pilots; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS.
Mr. ASTILEY presented the petition of Senera
G. Simmons, an officer in the army, praying to be
released from liability for certain public money
stolen from his possession in Mexico; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, a petition of citi?ens of the counties of
Bradiev and Jefferson, in Aiknnsns, praying to be
allowed the right of preemption to the lands on
which they have settled; which was laid upon the
table.
Also, the petition of Joseph M. Meriwether;
and a petition of a number of citizens of Arkansas
in lus behalf, praying to be allowed the light of
preemption to a tract of land: which were referred
to the Committee on Public. Lands.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of H.
N. Denison, praying the payment of an accepted
draft, drawn by James Reeside, mail contractor,
on the Post Oflice Department; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
On motion by Mr. BREESE, it was ordered,,
that the petition of Emeline Owens, on the files of
the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Aflaiis.
On motion by Mr. CALHOUN, it was ordered,
that the petition of Robert M. Harrison, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
On motion by Mr, HUNTER, it was ordered,
that William Storke Jett have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
Mr. DOWNS submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered by unanimous consent
and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire whether any further provision by law
ninv be necessary to authorize tiie ssanie compensation to bo
paid to witnesses in the courts of the United States on the
part of the defendant as on the part of the Government, and
to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. ASHLEY grave notice that on to-morrow,
or at an early day,"he would ask leave of lhe Sen-
ate to bring in a bill to regulate the fees in the sev-
eral courts of th# United States.
