462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on Fi- |
nance, to whom was referred the bill authorizing i
the surrender of certain bonds held by the United.
States to the State of Indiana, reported the same
with amendments, and submitted a special report
on the subject; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill to reduce and
graduate the price of the public lands, and for other
purposes, reported it without amendment.
THE LOAN BILL.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives to authorize a loan not
to exceed the sum of sixteen millions, reported it
with amendments.
[The amendments are merely verbal, with the
exception of the introduction of a clause stating
that proposals-are required to be sealed, and be
opened by the Secretary of the Treasury, or other
officer of the department, on the day appointed,
publicly, in the presence of such persons as may
choose to attend.]
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. A., from the same committee, to whom was
referred the bill from the House of Representa-
tives, further to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the fiscal year ending
the 30th June, 1848, reported it with amendments.
PRIVATE BILLS, ETC.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
petition of Alfred White, reported a bill for his
relief; which was read and passed to the second
reading.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill for the
relief of Benjamm Adams and Company, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee of
Claims, to whom were referred the petition of
Volney E. Howard, and the memorial of Isabella
Cole, executrix of William Cole, deceased, sub-
mitted reports thereon; which were ordered to be
printed.
VIRGINIA REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. UNDERWOOD asked
and obtained leave to bring m a bill to provide for >
the unpaid claims of the officers and soldiers of the
Virginia State and Continental lines of the revolu-
tionary army; which was read the first and second
times, by unanimous consent, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
On motion by Mr. ATHERTON, the prior
orders were postponed, and the Senate proceeded
to consider, as in Committee of the Whole, the
bill fioin the House of Representatives further to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1848.
The bill having been partially amended—
Mr. HALE inquired of the chairman of the Fi-
nance Committee, whether the item of $5,000 for '
expenses in the issue of treasury notes, was intend-
ed to be appropriated to the payment of officers
now receiving salaries?
Mr. ATHERTON replied that he did not so
understand it. The appropriation for this pur-
pose, if he were couectly informed, amounted, in
the whole, to $40,000. There was amongst the |
paners accompanying the bill, a statement of the j
disbursements during the current fiscal year, under
that appropriation, amounting to $38,000. The
sum appropriated being thus nearly exhausted, it
waf estimated by the Treasury Department that
an additional appropriation of $5,000 would be
necessary. He then sent to the desk a statement
of these expenditures, which was read by the Sec-
retary.
Mi. HALE then moved a proviso, that no part
of this >um should be paid to officers receiving sal-
aries for i-i.Mun^; oi signing tieasury notes.
Mr. ATHERTON said he had not the slightest
objection to the amendment.
Mr MANGCM then said, that with the per-
mission of the honorable chairman of the Finance
Committee, he would move that the bill before the
Senate be passed over informally, with the view of
making another motion.
Mr. ATHERTON assented.
Mr. MANGUM then moved that the Senate jj
proceed to the consideration of Executive business. ,;
The motion being agreed to, the Senate proceed- i.
ed to the consideration of Executive business. p
DEFICIENCY BILL. jl
The doors having been re-opened, the Senate jj
resumed the consideration of the bill supplying jj
deficiencies in the appropriations for the current |i
year.
Mr. HALE said, that as he had ascertained that |j
a similar provision had been inserted in the loan 1
bill, he would withdraw his amendment.
Mr. BENTON moved further to amend the bill ;
by striking out the item allowing a charge to the ;!
Papal States, and inserting " minister plenipoten-
tiary," and to increase the appropriation from ■
$22,000 to $31,000. |
THE TEN-REGIMENT BILL. j;
Mr. CASS then said: This bill will, it is now |j
evident, lead to a somewhat protracted discussion. ;>
and I therefore hope that it will be passed over [j
informally, and that the Senate will take up the jj
ten-regiment bill. I shall not trouble the Senate
with any remarks in support of this suggestion, '
but merely express the hope that gentlemen will ;>
acquiesce in the propriety of adopting it. •'
Mr. WEBSTER,. I hope that further debate !J
on the ten-regiment bill will not be prosecuted until •]
a certain matter now pending, and to which I may j
not at presentfurther refer, shall have been decided !j
in one way or another. 1 have no disposition to
defer the consideration of the bill, but, in my judg- ■
rnent, it is important that the matter to which I !
have alluded should be decided before this military ;
bill be taken up. j
Mr. CASS. I do not understand at all how any j
motion in secret session can have any relation to i
this bill. There is no necessity to affect mystery j
where there is none. The whole world knows I
that a minister goes shortly to Mexico. ;
Mr. WEBSTER. The whole world knows j
what ? j
Mr. CASS. That somebody goes to Mexico j
with a certain paper. There arc two very special
reasons why we should act on this bill promptly. |
We should be prepared for the most vigorous pros- i
ecution of the war, if that paper should be rejected '
by Mexico. We all know that the Government
of Mexico is tottering and unstable; we all know 'j
the difficulties to which it is expo&ed; and there-
fore we ought to be prepared, in the event of the
failure to ratify the treaty. We know of what
elements the Mexican nation, like all other nations, : |
is composed. We ought to satisfy them that we
intend to prosecute the war with the utmost vigor, ;j
in order to hold out powerful motives for the rati-
fication of the treaty. When asked, the other day,
if my object was to frighten Mexico, I answered,
that it was by all means. It is a great deal more
humane to frighten than to fight the Mexicans. It
is also more economical. The object of all wars
is, to compel a treaty of pcace; and that great ob-
ject is best to be attained by satisfying your enemy
of the injuries to which they must inevitably be
exposed by continued resistance. Our true policy
now obviously is, to adopt promptly the most vig-
orous measures, with the view of inducing the
Government of Mexico to ratify the treaty, and
the people of Mexico to observe it when it is made.
Who can deny, that if the intelligence of the pas-
sage of this bill accompanied the treaty, it would
exercise an all-important influence m the ratifica-
tion of the treaty? The next best thing for us to
do is, the prompt passage of the bill. I trust it
will be promptly passed, and, as I should hope,
unanimously.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I merely desire to know to
what treaty the honorable gentleman alluded3
Mr. CASS. I am really at a loss to know why
any mystery should be affected in this matter. I
suppose that there is somewhere a certain paper,
and that the whole world knows all about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator make any specific motion?
Mr. CASS, i mo\e that the prior order be
postponed, and that this bill be taken up.
Mr. BERRIEN. The object of the Senator
may be, perhaps, obtained, and the objection of
the Senator from Massachusetts be removed, if the
motion just made be withdrawn, m order that I
may be allowed to submit a motion that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness.
Mr. CASS. I have no objection, if that will
hasten the conclusion of the matter, and enable
gentlemen to vote upon it.
Mr. BERRIEN. I move, then, that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness.
CHAIRMAN ON FOREIGN RELATIONS.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Before the question is
put, I beg that the gentleman will withdraw his
motion, in order to allow me to make one. A good
deal of important business, and some of it of rather
an urgent nature, as I am informed, is before the
Committee on Foreign Relations. We have, this
morning, removed the head of that committee
by appointing him to another office, and the gen-
tleman next to him on the list of members of the
committee declines taking the place of chairman.
I suppose that the usual course-—at all events that
it is entirely proper, that the gentleman who stands
next, the honorable gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Haknegan,] should be appointed to that place. I
move that he be appointed.
It was then
Ordered, That Mr. Hannegan be appointed
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations,
in the place of Mr. Sevier, and the vacancy in the
committee be filled by the appointment of the Presi-
ding Officer.
Mr. Mason was accordingly appointed.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is necessary
to make some disposition of the bill now before the
Senate.
Mr. BERRIEN. Let it be laid over informally.
Mr. ATHERTON. I am of course unwilling
to insist on the consideration of this bill, if the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs wishes to go on with the regular order of the
day; and I would give way for that purpose. But
I should very much regret that the Senate should,
for any other purpose, postpone the consideration
of this bill, on which speedy action is necessary,
as some branches of the public service must suffer
m case its passage should be delayed. The ten
regiment bill has of course the right of priority, and
to it I am prepared to yield. But I now rise to give
notice that I shall to-morrow request the Senate to
resume the consideration of this bill.
Mr. CASS. 1 have already stated my own views,
and will cheerfully consent to the request of the gen-
tleman so far as regards myself. My great object
is to obtain the immediate passage of the bill.
The further consideration of the bill was then
postponed till to-morrow.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. BERRIEN. I renew my motion.
The motion being agreed to, the Senate proceed-
ed to the consideration of Executive business, and
after some time spent therein, the doors were open-
ed, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
j Wednesday, March 15, 1848.
1 The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
| On motion of Mr. PECK,
; Resolved, That the papers in the Pension Ofnee relating to
the application of Tilly Hamilton and Carty Burnlidm for
. pensions, be taken from sairl office and referred to the Com-
j mitiee on Revolutionary Pensions.
j Mr. GREEN presented the petition of citizens
I of Fayette and Palmyra land districts, in the State
j of Missouri, praying for the establishment of a new
j land district. Referred to a select committee.
1 REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
! Mr. WILEY, from the Committee on Invalid
j Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of John
Knight. Read and committed.
Mr. NES, from the same committee, reported a
bill for the relief of Thomas Flanagan. Read and
committed.
Mr. FARRELLY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, to whom was referred the Senate bill to fur-
■ ther extend the patent of .Tethro Wood, reported
the same without amendment, accompanied by a
: report in writing.
Mr. F. moved that the bill be committed,
i Mr. NELSON moved to lay the bill on the table,
and that the report be printed. Agreed to.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, submitted
, an amendment to the bill to amend an act entitled
