466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
Mr. HALL, of New York, moved to add to the |
bill the following additional sections:
Sec. 5. Sml be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he hereby is, directed to report to Con-
gress, at the commencement of tile next session thereof, the
actual amount of moneys in the treasury of the United States
at the commencement of the fiscal year on the 1st day of
July; 1848, stating in such report what portion of such
amount belongs absolutely to the United States, and what
portion thereof is held in trust, and the nature and descrip-
tion of each of the trusts under which such moneys are held,
and the amount held under each of said trusts respectively ;
and m case the amount of trust funds theretofore paid into
the treasury of the United States, and not expended in dis-
charge of its duties as trustee, shall excoed the balance then
in the treasury, tljat he shall state the amount of such trust
funds so paid into the treasury, and not expended as afore-
said, under each of such trusts respectively; and that said
Secretary of the Treasury shall, at the same time, report to
Congress a statement of all the outstanding warrants drawn
against the treasury and notpaidattheconunencementofthe
said fiscal year, stating the amounts of each of said warrants,
and the accounts on which the same were drawn, and whe-
ther the same were or were not drawn on account of trust
funds which had been before paid into the treasury.
;3eu. 6. *diul he it further enacted) That the President, each
of the heads of departments, and all the officers of the Uni-
ted States who, as such officers or heads of depaitmehts,
shall, at the commencement of said fiscal year, hold or con-
trol any moneys, securities, or oilier valuable thing ui trust
under any law or treaty of the United States, he and they
are hereby directed to leport to Congress at its next session
thejiature and character of each of said trusts, when and
how the same was created, and the amount of moneys and
description of the securities or other valuable thing which
may have been at any time, and were at the commencement
of the said fiscal year, held or controlled, and the receipts
and payments on account thereof.
Mr. HALL remarked that the bill now under
consideration was one of which he heartily ap-
proved. It proposed to take effect at the com-
mencement of the next fiscal year. He desired,
therefore, that, as proposed by his amendment, at
that time we should have a statement of the precise
amount of funds in the treasury, designating abso-
lutely the amount belonging to the U nited States,
and the amount held by the United States in trust
for the Indian tribes, or for any other purpose
whatsoever.
The first section which he offered proposed,
moreover, that the Secretary of the Treasury
should state the amount of outstanding warrants,
and why they had not been paid. This statement
would show the amount of money in the treasury
subject to warrants; or, if Jhere was no such money,
it would show the amount which the United States
were indebted on account of trust funds, and the
amount remaining in the treasury.
He proposed also to require of the collectors and
all other officers having public funds m their hands
the amount of trust funds held by them. As far
as he had been able to learn, there had been made
no report to Congress within a long period which
enabled them to determine the amount of trust
funds held by the United States, or what officers
had control of those funds. He desired to see, at
the commencement of the next session of Congress,
a report made by every officer of the Government
who holds trust funds, and that they should give
an account of their stewardship.
Mr. McKAY suggested that this was not the
place to insert calls for information, this being a
bill which would go on the statute-book; that the
gentleman from New York would accomplish his
object on the next resolution day by offering a reso-
lution callingforthe information whitdi he desired.
But the first section proposed was wholly un-
necessary. It required the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to report to Congress at the commencement of
the next session the amount in the treasury on
the 1st of July, 1848. Now, the Secretary always
had done that; he was required to do it by the law
of 1789. Look at the leport of the Secretary of
the Treasury at the present session, and the gen-
tleman would find that the Secretary stated the
amount which was m the treasury on the 1st of
July last, and at the next session he would give
the same information, coming up to the 1st of July
next; he would state the balance then remaining m
the treasury.-
Then in regard to the next point—viz: the call
upon the Secretary of the Treasury to state I he
amount of trust funds in the treasury—if the gen-
tleman would take the trouble to look into the
tables attached to the report of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, he would there find all the infor-
mation he asked on this point. Ail the money the
United States held in trust for the different Indian
tribes was distinctly stated; this information was
given at the commencement of every session.
Then in regard to the call for the amount of out-
standing warrants upon the treasury, did not the
gentleman know that every three months—upon
the 1st of April, or two or three days after, and at
the beginning of every three months thereafter—
this very statement was published in the " Intelli-
gencer and " Union?"
Therefore the sections were wholly unnecessary.
In ease the inquiries were necessary, they would
more properly form the subject of a resolution.
But all the information asked for was found in the
printed documents.
Mr. HALL replied that he understood there was
such a report in relation to outstanding drafts as
the gentleman mentioned; but he understood, too,
that the statement annexed to the annual report of
the Secretary of the Treasury of the balance re-
maining in the treasury at the end of the year, and
the statement of the Register of the Treasury of
the same balance, did not agree; and the gentle-
man from North Carolina, if he would examine the
two, would see that the Secretary of the Treasury
stated it to be something over $1,700,000, while the
Register of the Treasury showed the amount in the
treasury at the same time to be nearly §5,000,000.
Now, this difference, as he understood, grew out
of the fact, that in the one the outstanding war-
rants were not included, and in the other they
were; and also the fact that one statement includ-
ed and the other statement excluded trust funds.
By reference to these documents, they could un-
doubtedly find the amount of outstanding warrants
at the time of their publication, but he had not been
able to find there or elsewhere any statement of the
amount of trusLfunds in the treasury.
Mr. McKA\ (Mr. Hall yielding) said the Gov-
ernment held in trust for the Indian tribes various
sums of money. Some of this money had been
invested in United States and State stocks, and the
stocks had been paid over to the tribes. But in
another portion of the documents the aggregate
amount was given of the trust funds winch the
Government now holds, but which were not in the
treasury, for the Government had used the money.
The gentleman, if he would look into the appropri-
ation bills, would see the appropriations, from year
to year, of large sums of money for the payment
of the interest upon these funds, which the Gov-
ernment had not thought proper to invest.
Mr. HALL (continuing) said, a large portion of
these trust funds had been invested in one form or
another, in State stocks or otherwise, sometimes
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and sometimes under the direction of the
Secretary of War. But he wished to remind the
honorable gentleman from North Carolina that
there were other sums held in trust by the Gov-
ernment than those which had been taken for the
benefit of the Indian tribes. The funds of the
Smithsonian Institution were one instance. And
one of the objects he had in, offering h is amendment
was, to discover the amount of money which had
been received as trust funds, and expended for the
ordinary purposes of Government. He wanted
to know how the money received in trust by the
Government, or its officers, had been invested.
He wanted information on this subject, and he
believed the country wanted information on this
subject; and he apprehended, when they were
about to adopt the new system of the gentleman
from North Carolina, the present was the proper
time to adopt the amendment to this bill, which
would bring forward this-information. He had no
disposition to embarrass this bill, but it was one of
whose objects he heartily approved.
_ Mr. STROHM, in a few remarks very indis-
tinctly heard, was understood to suggest to Mr.
Hall the propriety of notpressinghisamendment,
as the-Committee on Public Expenditures would,
before the session closed, bring forward a bill
which would meet the objector the gentleman, by
requiring the same information,and the statement
of these accounts in such a manner as that every-
body could understand them.
The committee then rose and reported progress.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. CONGER, from the Committee on Printing,
to which was referred the resolution of the House
of the 8th instant, in relation to the printing of
extra numbers of the report of the Commissioner
of Patents, made a report, recommending that tiie
usual number of copies of the said report be print-
ed, and, in addition thereto, that ninety thousand
copies extra of the same, without the list of patents
granted and expired, the claims, and the opinions
of the Chief Justice, and ten thousand extra copies
of the whole report be printed, and that fifteen
hundred copies of the former and five hundred
copies of the latter be delivered to the Commis-
sioner of Patents for the use of the Patent Office.
The report further states, that the cost of printing
will be about twenty-six cents per copy, and can
be bound at about fourteen cents per copy, making
the cost <}f each copy bound at forty cents, and the
aggregate cost of printing and binding the whole
number will amount to about forty thousand dol-
lars. The committee unanimously recommend the
binding of the whole number.
Pending the report, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 15, 1848.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
the following letter;
Washington, March 15, 1S38.
Sir : Very unexpectedly to me, and very much a airiht my
personal wishes, I have been induced, from patriotic con-
siderations I hope, to accept an office of which jou and the
Senate are advised, winch renders it necessary that I =hou!d
resign my seat as one of the Senators from the State ol Ar-
kansas ; and that resignation is herewith tendered.
Wishing you, sir, and each member of the Senate, every
blessing which this life can afi'oid, I have the honor to be,
sir, with high respect, your obedient servant,
A. H. SEVIER.
Hon. George M. Dallas,
Vice PrenAeiit of the United States.
On motion by Mr. ASHLEY, it was
Ordered, That the Vice President bo requested to inform
the Executive of the State of Arkansas, that the Hon. Am-
brose H. Sevier has this day resigned his seat in the Sen-
ate.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report of the Secretary of the Navy, made agree-
ably to law, accompanied by a statement from the
Second Comptroller of the Treasury, of the appro-
priations for the naval service for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1847.
Mr. CAMERON presented a preamble and res-
olutions passed by the Legislature of the State of
Pennsylvania, in favor of the construction of a rail-
road from Lake Michigan to the Pacific Ocean, on
the plan proposed by Mr. Whitney; which were
laid upon the table.
PETITIONS.
Mr. BENTON presen ted a petition of numerous
citizens of the town of St. Louis, Missouri, stating
their belief that the present war with Mexico was
altogether u-rong in principle and most pernicious in
its effects, and asking Congress to use all lawful
means for its speedy termination, by the exercise
of their constitutional authority in defining the ob-
ject of the war, by the immediate cessation of hos-
tilities, by the settlement of just and honorable
terms as the basis of a treaty of peace, and by per-
severing efforts to negotiate with the proper au-
thority of Mexico until agreement to such terms
can be obtained.
Mr. B. said the memorial was numerously sign-
ed and the parties highly respectable and intelligent,
and it gave him great^ pleasure to add that the
prayer of the petitioners was in a very fair way of
being accomplished.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, piaying that the United States
army may be recalled from Mexico and peace
established with that republic; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, a petition of citizens of Pennsylvania, pray-
ing the establishment of a mail route from Provi-
dence to Tufton, in that State; which was referred
to Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the petition of Leonard Gray, a soldier in
the last war with Great Britain, praying to be
allowed a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. LEWIS presented a petition of citizens of
Clarke county, Alabama, praying the establish-
ment of a mail route from Wilderness Post Office,
to Mott's Post Office, m that State; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, the petition of T. L. Smith, praying aerant
of land to the Eufaula and Geneva Railroad Com-
pany to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Eufaula to Pensaeola; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
RESOLUTIONS. ♦
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was read the first and second times by
