468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
sippi, Dickinson, Dl.i, Pougta, Downs, Fetch, Foote, Urn j
ter' Jot! nson of Georgia, Lewis, Mason, Moor, fv lies, Tumcy, ]
Westeott, and Vulee—26.
The motion was therefore not agreed to. i
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, rose and re- I
marked, that not being present when the question |
was put, he had voted under a misapprehension;
he did not know that the vote was taken on the
proposition of the Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. BOtler] or he would have voted for it; that
from what had recently occurred, he conld not
now believe that the additional regiments contem-
plated by the bill under consideration, would be
l-equired at nil; under existing circumstances, there-
fore, he preferred that provision for an incioase of
the United States army should be made in the
manner proposed by the Senator from South Caro-
lina, by filling up the old regiments. He would
not, however, in consequence of the large majority
a ainst the proposition, move a reconsideration of
the vote.
Mr. MANGUM. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of this bill till this day fortnight.
It is true, I have very little hope that this motion
will prevail; and yet I cannot well suppress the
expression of my great surprise—I might almost
say my astonishment—that this bill is pressed at
this time, in the spirit which has been manifested
in the circumstances by whuh we are now sur-
rounded. It is probable that there are many other
gentlemen who desire to be heard on this subject,
and yet tt is perfectly well known that the phases
of public business "have undergone a very great
change, although we are inhibited by circum-
stances from explaining the how or wherefore. It
seems to me that, as a matter of taste, not to speak
of policy, it cannot but be regarded as most extra-
ordinary to press this bill in this spirit at the pres-
ent moment. At all events, allow a week or two
weeks to el ipse, and then dispose of the question.
It would be very important, it seems to me, that
we should go into Executive session before we are
called upon to take the vote upon the question now
before us. But it is refused to go into Executive
session—refused by an overwhelming majority of
this body. And yet gentlemen are to be tongue-
tied; they are to be prohibited from making any
reference to matters which are of essential import-
ance in the consideration of this very question.
Wc are called on to occupy the same ground as !
was presented six weeks ago, although it is known ,
that the ground is changed. We are to be put
absolutely in duress by the manner in which this
question is now brought forward. It is of great
and obvious importance that we should lie enabled 1
1,0 refer to things as they are. It certainly strikes
me as the most extraordinary proceeding I have ;
over witnessed, when we are called upon to act on !
this subject as if we stood precisely on the same
ground that we did six weeks ago. !Not a battle
has been fought since last fall. Our troops repose
in Mexico perfectly at their ease. We have forty
thousand men there, and there is not a thousand
armed men in the whole Republic of Mexico to"
oppose them. There is not even the rumor of an
assault; and yet in that state of things, and when
you can fill up the regiments now organized to
 sixty thousand men, we are called upon and pressed
to send ten thousand additional troops to Mexico!
Why, sir, is it not apparent, that that augmenta-
tion of your military force can have no reference
to the Mexican war, whatever bearing it may have
upon Executive patronage? I impute none but
patriotic motives to the honorable chairman of the
Military Committee; but so far as regards the ac-
celeration of peace, or the terminationof the war—
so far as regards any purpose for which those ten
regiments might be required in Mexico, I think if
we were permitted to go into this subject, and as
we all know it now to exist, it would be utterly
impossible to discover even the shadow of pro-
priety for such a procedure at this time, in all the
circumstances of the case. At all events, if this
question is to be pressed against my convictions
of propriety—against my conviction, also, that it
would be in violation of the pretty well established
usage of this body, it will change essentially my
views and conduct upon another question that will
come before 11s. I hope, judging from what I have
seen heretofore, that these considerations will work
out such a conviction upon the minds of at least a
sufficient number, that we may be allowed to speak
fully of all we know, and all that is pertinent to the
matter now under consideration, and is submitted
to us for discussion in open session. I cannot be-
lieve that if this appeal were put properly before
the President and heads of departments, embracing
the consideration of another question which must
be acted on in another capacity, and which must
bring upon, them embarrassment in its full weight,
that all warlike operations and movements would
be suspended for the present. But the truth is,
that when parties become harnessed, to use a cant
phrase, they generally " go it blind." I appeal to
the chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
to let us have an opportunity of speaking to this
subject in open day, and with all the light which
can be brought to bear upon it. I appeal to the
magnanimity—to the sense of justice of Senators
on the other side of the Chamber—and I hope that
there is no necessity of making any appeal to a
single Senator on this side—to free those who wish
to speak on this subject from the duress and the
chains in which they are now placed. .1 cannot
.! believe that if the matter were properly considered,
f there would be a persistence in this course tit this
!| time. The going into Executive session is refused
l! by a very large majority 
!j Mr. BENTON. Will the Senator hear one
j[ word? I voted against going into Executive ses-
sion, because a bill of the highest importance is
pending, which we wish to take up.
!; Mr. MANGUM. If the bill to which the hon-
orable Senator alluded be called up, and it is, as I
hear, of importance, I shall certainly be in favor of
| proceeding with jt.
Mr. CALHOUN, (in his seat.) Move to lay
' this bill on the fable.
j| Mr. MANGUM. I will vary my motion, hut
'l may have occasion again to renew it. I move that
11 the bill he on the table for the present.
j| Mr. CASS. The Senator from North Carolina
! t has expressed a good deal of surprise 
j Mr. HALE. Is this motion debatable •
.! Mr. CASS. Will the Senator withdraw his mo-
tion for a moment?
i Mr. MANGUM. Certainly.
j Mr. CASS. The Senator has expressed sur-
I prise that this bill which has been under consider-
ation for a period of three months, should be press-
ed to a vote. I confess that I cannot understand
'' the grounds of the gentleman's surprise. The hill
has been discussed to the fullest extent 011 both
I sides of the Chamber during the last three months,
yet the gentleman from North Carolina talks of
haste.
Mr. MANGUM. It has been in dry-dock for
three weeks; and the Senator will recollect that the
signs of the times have changed.
| Mr. CASS. It has been in the dry-dock for
j three, weeks ! Well, it is now time that it was
i afloat upon the ocean. (Bat I have not the slight-
j ( est conception of what it is to which the gentleman
j alludes when he speaks of gagging. He seems to
; suppose that we must go into Executive session
j before we proceed to act upon this bill. Well, I
)j can only conjecture the bearing which an Execu-
1, five session can have upon this subject. It is sup-
, posed out of doors that we have ratified a certain
! instrument—that the two gieat parties of the Sen-
; ate have been divided—that we stood pro and eon—
, and that we want to explain ourselves eventually,
'j but what that lias to do with this bill passes my
1] comprehension. It is simply a question whether
II we shall raise this additional force for two pur-
poses; first, to be ready for the immediate prose-
/ cution of hostilities in the event of the lejection of
I the treaty by Mexico—quite a possible result from
;i the unstable nature of her government, and the in-i-
ll tated feelings of her people; and perhaps I might
j: say, that it is a probable result, at all events every-
II thing admonishes us of the necessity of being pre-
ji pared; and second, that we may send out with our
!j minister the vote of preparation—the intelligence
Ij that, in the event of a refusal of the treaty, we are
11 ready to prosecute the war with the utmost vigor.
Our own eagle presents the illustration of our pol-
icy—the olive branch and the arrows—the one to
be used if we may, the other if we must. I trust
that this bill will be passed by the unanimous vote
of both Houses. If it should be thus passed im-
mediately, I have no more doubt than I have of my
own existence, that we should have peace. With-
out the passage of this bill, I do not undertake to
say how long peace maybe deferred. But I re-
peat, suppose the supposition is correct, and that
you go on to ratify this paper, I might rather say
as the public says, to negotiate. 
Mr. MANGUM. I hold that that supposition
is entirely out of order. It is not to be entertained
in open session that anything at all has been done
in secret session. 1 make a question of order.
Mr. CASS. I have only to say then, that if we
have not a right to suppose anything here, I do not
know what right appei tains to a Senator.
Mr. MAN&UM. I might suppose a thousand
things might have happened in a correspondence,
and the supposition might conform exactly to the
fact, and if that be in order, I see no sort of objec-
tion to opening this discussion without any further
action. But if I happened to be mistaken——
Mr. CASS. The Senator himself introduced the
whole thing distinctly and openly, so that no one
could misunderstand him. Unless we affect to
ha\e a spirit of mysticism, unbecoming us and the
occasion, it is utterly impossible to avoid allusions
to what is known to all.
Mr. MANGUM. I renew my motion. It is
with no purpose of embarrassment lhat I make
this motion.
Mr. ALLEN. I should like to know the object
of laying the bill on the table.
Mr. MANGUM. That the Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Benton] may call up the appropriation
bill.
Mr. CASS. The Senator from Missouri has
not, as I understand, intimated*such a design.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Proceed with
the call.
The yeas and nays were demanded; and, being
seconded, were taken with the following result:
YEAS— lUe^rs. Badger, BnUivin. Bell. Berrien. Calhoun,
Clarke. C!a\ton. Convin, Cntrcnden, O.ivis of
seitjs, Dayton, Greene, Kale. Johnson of Louisiana, Man-
gum, Phelp?, Underwood, and Weto^tnr—18
NA YS—M< ssrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison. Atherlon. Baghy,
Ronton, Bradbury. Biee^e. Buller, Cameron, Caws, Davis ot'
Mississippi, Dickinson, Dix. Douglas Downs.FHeh, Foole,
H.inneaan, Hunter, Johnson of Georgia, Lewi*, Mason,
Moor, Nik*s, Turney, Westcolt, ami Yulee—28.
The question again recurring on the passage of
the bill—
Mr. BALDWIN addressed the Senate at length
against the bill. He expressed his regret that the
question should be pressed now, and particularly
so for reasons which were known to thy Senate.
He could see no necessity for this augmentation
of our force in Mexico, and scarcely a plausible
leason for this great increase of the patronage of
the Executive. The war in Mexico was ended.
There were no more battles to be fought, no more
victories to be won. Our sister Republic, in whose
early career our warmest sympathies had beer) en-
listed, now lies prostrate, crushed to the earth, her
Government driven from place to place, in search
of a resting spot; her seven millions of population
are dissociated, disorganized, with scarcely the
form of aGovernment existing, and all her admin-
istration, general and local, conducted under the in-
fluence of martial law. Our gallant army has only
paused in its career of victory, because there is no
longer to be found any enemy to impede its prog-
ress, and, instead of being employed at this mo-
ment in war and battles with the enemy, is occu-
pied in the business of collecting military contri-
butions, for the support of our troops, from an
impoverished people. What army is there now
to be encountered in combat? There is no neces-
sity for adding a jeginierit to our army in Mexico.
The whole country is looking for peace—hoping
for peace—for anything rather than the augmenta-
tion of our forces. Mexico, instead of new troops
being sent into her territory, expects the with-
drawal of those now there. No one out of this
Capitol calculates on such a movement. The
streets and avenues of our city are filled with ofli-
ceis who have returned from the seat of war, be-
cause there is no longer employment for them
theie; while those who remain there, in the ab-
sence of other employment, are turning their hatred
on each other. To what purpose, then, is this
new fence to be sent to Mexico? Is it for the pur-
pose of compelling them to make new cessions of
territory? If so, such an objcct would not have
his approbation. He wanted no additional terri-
tory— the country wanted none. All that the.
country required was peace,and indemnity to those
of our citizens who have suffered wrongs from
Mexico. Both of these, he believed, Mexico was
entirely disposed to give. If we have been in-
jured in our honor, we have taken ample redress,
a full measure of vengeance. Our Government
has always prided itself in never demanding what
