1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4X1
gentleman said'this document should not go to the
country, because it might mislead the people. If
this was so, why print this thing at all ? Why
should it be printed and come to Congress, if it was
likely to be misunderstood, and to lead to the
condemnation of these officers? Why, that is a
reason why it should be suppressed altogether;
whereas the gentleman knew that it had been
ordered to be printed for the use of this House,
and he o'nly desired an additional number of copies,
which the gentleman now moved to reconsider.
The gentleman from Georgia and his party pro-
fessed great reliance on the knowledge and intel-
ligence of the people, and yet he was not willing
that the people should have an abstract of contracts
which was made by one of the gentleman's own
party, Mr. Marcy, the Secretary of War. Did
the gentleman mean to be understood as being ap-
prehensive about the people's examining a docu-
ment sent to this House by the Secretary of War ?
Oh '. said the gentleman, give us a committee. A
committee of what kind ? A committee with a ma-
jority of his own political friends ? Why not send
it to the people, and let them examine it? Was
the gentleman afraid of that?
Mr. DUNCAN, of Ohio, rose, and, having ob-
tained permission to occupy the floor for the pur-
pose, said it had been state,d that the person who
obtained the contract for these horses in Ohio was
a member of the Whig party, and acted with the
party of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Cku-
zier.] Now, he would inquire who the contractor
was ?
Mr. FRIES rose and said it was Mr. Minor, of
Columbus.
• Mr. DUNCAN said he was not aware that Mr.
Minor was a Whig. He was originally a Demo-
crat, and had acteu with the Democratic party,
though, for some reason or other, he had become
dissatisfied with that party. It might be that these
contracts had been given to him to bring him back
into their ranks. Mr. Minor was his own con-
stituent, he believed, and if he had belonged to the
Whig party he thought he should have known it.
1 believe he voted against me when !• was a candi-
date for the seat which I have now the honor to
occupy.
Mr. FRIES replied that Mr. Minor was a mem-
ber of the Whig Central Committee of the State of
Ohio, and actually voted to give the gentleman
[Mr. Duncan] the seat which he now holds.
Mr. CROZIER. Well, of the political opinions
of the contractors I know nothing. If tins con-
tractor were a Whig, these extravagant contracts
might be calculated to buy him up. If he could be
corrupted by a contract, it was strange that con-
tract had not done it.
He would now return to the argument of the
gentleman from Georgia, (Mr. Cobb,) who was
willing to have this document examined by a
Whig committee, and sent forth to the country.
Well, and what would be said of such examina-
tion and the report such a committee might make
by their opponents ? He knew the course of argu-
ment pursued on the stump. Why, it.would be
said that it was a Whig report. It would-be said
that it was a garbled statement—that it was untrue.
And what did he propose ? He would ask the gen-
tleman from Georgia and the House if the course
he proposed was not much fairer? He proposed
to take this abstract of contracts, which had been
furnished to the House by one of the political
friends of the gentleman from Georgia, (the Sec-
retary of war,) and send that out to the people,
that they might judge for themselves. Oh, but,
said the gentleman, they would make a mistake.
But did not the people know as well as the gentle-
man from Georgia or himself (Mr. C.) what was
a fair price for oats, or hay, or straw, and for all
the provisions which might have been furnished to
the army ? Did not many of the people know,
too, what was a fair price for many of the muni-
tions of war? Did not steamboat owners know
what was a fair price for transportation from Louis-
ville to New Orleans, or from New York and other
ports to any destination which the Government
might prescribe ? How, then, could they be mis-
led ? The people paid the taxes from which the
money thus expended was obtained; and he thought
they ought to be allowed to see how the money
which they paid was disposed of. Well, then, as
to the amount of which he had spoken yesterday.
He said it was fifty millions of dollars which had
been expended by the agency of the War Depart-
ment; but he did not say it had been expended in
the course of the last year, but from the commence-
ment of the war. The appropriation's last year
were §28,000,000. The deficiencies which had
been supplied by this House this session were
about $14,000,000, making a gross amount of
$41,000,000. When the war first commenced there
was an appropriation of $10,000,000, making the
gross surti of $51,000,000- Subsequently, a large
amount had been appropriated, but what the par-
ticular sum was he did n^t know. He did not sup-
pose that all the contracts for which this money
had been designed had been reported; but what
objection could "there be to the printing of this ab-
stract of but a portion of the contracts which had
been furnished by a political friend of the gentle-
man from Georgia? There was, to be sure, the
question of the cost, though he did not understand
the gentleman from Georgia to have made a point
of that. And what was it? Why, the pitiful sum
of $400 for the printing of one of the most inter-
esting documents that had for some time been sent
to Congress. Why should so small an amount be
an obstacle in the way of publishing a document of
so much importance ? He wished it to go to the
people before the committee could say a word re-
specting it. Let it go to the people as it came from
the Secretary of War. The people could judge of
the price of these things as well as anybody else.
But there was one reason why he would be will-
ing to vote for this motion of reconsideration; and
it was not the motive which actuated the gentleman
from Georgia in making this motion. He believed
that a greater number of this document should be
printed for circulation among the people, and there-
fore he might be willing to vote for the reconsider-
ation, with the view to strike out ten thousand and
insert twenty thousand. He wished the people to
sec what we were paying, and an examination of
this document would show them that some of the
sums paid were extravagant. For reports not half
so valuable, more than five times the expense was
incurred in printing. Besides, by printing this
document, they might be enabled to obtain some
valuable information.
He had a letter in his drawer, from which he
learned that contracts had been entered into by-
builders of steamboats for old boats, for which
from three to five thousand dollars more had been
paid than they were building new ones for. True,
some gentlemen might say, that the great demand
served to enhance the price. Well, the people
would take that into consideration, and they could
say whether the prices were fair, or whether they
were extravagant. He had not charged that frauds
had been committed, as had been intimated; but he
had said, that some of these contracts were so
enormous that they ought to be investigated. He
had no question but that many of these contracts
had been made with the strictest fidelity and hon-
esty. Respecting others, there might have been
great negligence on the part of officers of this Gov-
ernment, if not absolute fraud. But he wan willing
that it should go to the country for examination.
He would not now prolong this debate. If gen-
tlemen desired to prolong it, he had no objection;
but when the committee should report, there would
be opportunities sufficient afforded to members to
discuss the propriety of the many subjects which
it embraced.
Mr. COBB rose to reply to the remarks of the
gentleman from Tennessee. He said, the gentle-
man from Tennessee had charged that he was un-
willing to publish this document because he was
unwilling to throw information before the people
of this country; that he was not willing to trust
the people with the examination of subjects of this
character. But it was not so. His remarks bore
no such construction; and he believed the gentle-
man from Tennessee stood alone in so interpreting
them. He had expressly stated, that he objected
to thcpublication because the document was wholly
unsatisfactory, for it would not communicate to
the country the information they professed to be
desirous to publish.
Mr. CROZIER said, the idea he attempted to
convey was this: there were facts which the gen-
tleman from Georgia was unwilling to throw before
the people, because he thought they had not knowl-
edge enough to understand them. They were facts
concerning the price of provisions and munitions
of war, and he (Mr. Crozier) thought the people
well understood what they were worth.
Mr. CQBB said, as usual, the gentleman from
Tennessee was now as far wrong as he was before.
The gentleman from Tennessee had himself ad-
mitted before this House, that, from the abstract,
he could not tell whether the contracts were fraud-
ulent or not. -He stood before the House with the
admission that the abstract did not show whether
they were honest or fraudulent.
Mr. CROZIER said the gentleman from Geor-
gia was mistaken. He had stated this, that there
were some contracts so enormously high that no-
body could fail to see that they were wrong, tod
there were others which had been brought to his
own knowledge which were apparently low and
fair, but which were not fait. That was what he
had said.
Mr. COBB resumed. Why, the gentleman from
Tennessee, in his argument yesterday, gave as his
reason for wishing the publication of these extra
numbers of the abstract of these contracts and send-
ing them to the country, that they should thereby
gather up additional evidence to show that there
was fraud and corruption. But the gentleman from
Tennesson must admit, and so would every mem-
ber on this floor, that an examination of this re-
port, which was made by virtue of laws requiring
the Department of War to furnish such a report,
would not enable any one to show which of these
contracts were fraudulent and which were honest.
The gentlemen from Tennessee would not pretend
to say that this document will communicate to the
country the nature and character of the contracts
of which a mere abstract was given. The gentle-
man had spoken of the chartering of a steamboat
for $18,000, and why was it done? What were
the exigencies of the circumstances under which
the boat was chartered? That does not appear on
the face of this abstract, nor how it was officered.
Was that sum of $18,000 given for the vessel abso-
lutely, or only for a given time? Had they satis-
factory evidence on these points? tn one state qf
things a sum paid might be necessary, which at an-
other time would be grossly outrageous. At one
time the exigencies of the service might not require
it, but at another time the payment of $18,000 for
a steamboat would meet with the approbation of
every man who was familiar with the facts of the
case. And so it might be with the purchase of
horses. To judge of the correctness of the contract,
they must know the circumstances under which the
contract was made. To be able to decide whether
the contract was fraudulent or honest, they must
know the circumstances and emergencies of the
case which required the purchases to be made. A
purchase might be enormous and exorbitant to-day
which to-morrow the exigencies of the times might
require to be made at any price; and hence he pro-
tested against the publication of a mere abstract
of contracts which would not afford satisfactory
information in relation to them.
The gentleman from Tennessee said some of these
contracts were right and others might be fraudu-
lent. Now, when this document should be sent
before the country, the men who had made fair and
honest contracts would stand arraigned before the
bar of public opinion on the same charge as those
whose contracts were not so honest, if there were
any such, for the gentleman had pointed out no
distinction. The honest mail and he who was dis-
honest would stand on the same footing. Now, he
appealed to the sense of justice of the House if it
would consent thus to punish untried the honest
contractor? Justice demanded a fair and full in-
vestigation before such a course was pursued.
There was a committee now, and the gentlemen
opposite had the power to make the investiga-
tion, and to discover whether these contracts were
made under exigencies of the public service, an.d
at the instance of the commanding general of the
army. Because a contract appeared to be exorb-
itant, this House ought not to come to the conclu-
sion that it was so without investigation and with-
out examination. What he proposed in this mat-
ter was right and just, and he thought it should
command the favorable consideration of every mem-
ber of this House. It was, that the committee of
the House that had charged fraud and corruption
should investigate it and point it out, direct public
attention to it, and then let all unite in holding it
up to public censure. If any better course coukl
be recommended he should be happy to pursue it.
Mr STEPHENS did not understand from the
gentleman from Tennessee that this matter involved
those charges against personal character which his
colleague '[Mr- Cobb) appeared to suppose. He
