1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
475
it should be introduced into some bill by way of
amendment, or else be made thesubject of a separate
bill, so that not only on the 1st of July next, but
annually thereafter, a full statement of the condi-
tion of the treasury and of the trust funds should be
made to Congress, as contemplated by his amend-
ment.
Why should they, for the purpose of determin-
ing the amount of trust funds held by the Govern-
ment, be compelled to go to the report of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, a document which
was not printed or sent out to the people in con-
nection with the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury on the finances? But, if they looked to
that document, it struck him that the result would
be equally unsatisfactory. The gentleman-from
North Carolina had told him he should find'in that
document the statement which he desired. He
found here a statement of the stocks held on ac-
count of the Indians, and he thought this statement
would of itself show the necessity of having some
annual report from those officers who held moneys
in trust for the benefit of the Indian tribes. Why,
was there any court of equity in this Union which
did not require annually a report of every trustee
holding funds under its orders, of the condition of
thp funds, and of the receipts and expenditures
(luring the year? And should Congress, who stood
here as the guardians of the Indian tribes, require
less from our own officers, who held these funds
for the benefit of the Indians, and for whose acts
the United States were, or ought to be, responsible.
In running over this account of stocks held by the
Government, he perceived that there were stocks
of the State of Alabama held for the Cheroltees,
to the amount of $300,000, in a single item, for
which the trustee of these Indians seemed to have
paid the par value. He did not know how it might
have been at the time when this investment was
made, but he was well satisfied that now these
stocks would bring nothing like their par value.
There was also an investment to a large amount
in Indiana stocks, for which a premium had been
paid. These stocks had been sold during the last
year for thirty-five cents on the dollar. These and
other statements contained in these reports, show-
ed the necessity of a full annual statement of these
trust funds, and of the investments made on ac-
count of the different trusts.
But, again, the gentleman from North Carolina,
as he understood him, said that he would find in
this report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
a statement of the whole amount of moneys in the
treasury on account of trust funds.
Mr. MeliAV (Mr. H. yielding) explained that
he had said the gentleman would find the amount
held by the Government in trust. lie did not say
the moneys were in the treasury.
Mr. HALL (resuming) said that was one object
winch he had in view in offering his amendment,
that the House might see the amount in the treas-
ury as well as that held by officers. Here was a
statement showing the amount provided for by
Indian treaties, which must be considered in the
treasury, and for which the Government was pay-
ing five or six per cent, interest, to be some $5,-
273,000. Wow, he would like to inquire of the
gentleman from North Carolina, if this was not
properly u poition of our public debt? If we did
not owe this amount to these Indian tribes, and on
which we aro paying interest under a law making
permanent appropriations ?
Mr. McKAY (Mr. H. yielding) said he had
stated yesterday, that the report of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs showed the amount held
by the Government on trust for the Indian tribes
which had been invested. With regard to that
which was not invested, which was five millions
and over, of'course the Government paid the inter-
est upon it, and there was no doubt but it formed
a part of the public debt of the country. He had
also stated, that upon referring to the Indian ap-
propriation bills, the gentleman would see that
large sums were appropriated expressly for the
purpose of meeting the interest upon these several
sums. For instance, the Government negotiated
a treaty with Indian tribes, in which it agreed to
pay one hundred ^and fifty or three hundred thou-
sand dollars, and promised to invest if, but instead
of investing it, it paid the interest. The money
was not in the treasury, but the Government was
debtor to that amount.
Mr. HALL said that was what he supposed.
He would like further to inquire whether this
$5,273,000 was included in the'amount of public
debt existing on the 1st December, as stated in the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury, page 44?
Mr. McKAY replied that it was not included.
It did not form a portion of what was called the
public debt.
. Mr. HALL (resumjng) said he had been led to
suppose that it was not included in the Secretary's
statement; but it was, as the gentleman from North
Carolina admitted, and as must be very evident to
every gentleman at the first glance, a part of the
public debt. Why, then, was it no.t stated? This
one item added over §5,000,000 to the amount of
the debt of the United States, as stated by the
Secretary of the Treasury.
In conclusion, he remarked that he had intended,
on a former occasion, to have gone through with
an examination of these reports of the Secretary
of the Treasury and the Register, and shown the
discrepancies which existed between them, and
asked from gentlemen on the other side some ex-
planation in regard to them. But he felt it would
be out of place now, when the simple question
before the committee was upon the amendment
which he had offered. He hoped this amendment
would be adopted, or else .that this bill, with the
amendment he pioposed, would be referred back
to the Committee of Ways and Means, that they
might report some more suitable provision, that
would bring before the House from the Secretary
of the Treasury clear, distinct, intelligible state-
ments, annually, of the condition of the treasury
and of the finances of the country.
Mr. TOOMBS wished to say one word in reply
to the gentleman from New York. Very many of
the objects which that gentleman sought were ex-
ceedingly proper, hut they were not proper lieie.
He admitted, with the gentleman, that there was
very great difficulty in understanding, from the
way in which the accounts were given by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, the financial condition of
the country; but gentlemen ought not to be aston-
ished at tliat, for he believed the Secretary of the
treasury did not understand it himself. We had
found him correcting his reports by millions, and
no doubt he would have to correct farther before
Congress adjourned.
But this bill sought one important object, and
he thought it ought to be disembarrassed with the
numerous provisions of the amendment of the gen-
tlervian from New York. This bill sought simply
to put all the money into the public treasury, and
draw it from the public treasury by law, accord-
ing to the requirements of the Constitution, so
as to get rid of the difficulty of spending two or
three millions without authority of law, as we now
did. A large class of our revenue officers and re-
ceivers of public moneys received compensations
which were fixed without authority of law. They
were not brought before the Congress of the na-
tion; they could not judge of the propriety of their
compensation or of their efficiency. This bill
brought the regulation of their salaries and then-
duties under the control of Congress, and enabled
them to place a correction upon frauds here as well
as elsewnere.
The object of the gentleman was exceedingly
proper in calling for information; but the gentle-
man from North Carolina was correct in saying, if
you would wade through the various documents,
very much of the, information the gentleman sought
would be found to be now provided for by law;
and what further was necessary could be called for
by resolution.
Mr. HALL (Mr. T. yielding) inquired if they
could procure these statements annually by a reso-
lution of inquiry?
Mr. TOOMBS replied that each Congress could
do it.
Mr. HALL said it was necessary that they
should have these reports annually.
Mr. TOOMBS (resuming) repeated that there
were provisions of existing law which answered
the purposes of the requisition of the amendment;
therefore it was wholly unnecessary. He thought
the amendment arose in part from gentleman hav-
ing failed to give sufficient attention to the docu-
ments. The Secretary of the Treasury was re-
quired by law to make many of these statements.
These trust funds could all be arrived at if the gen-
tleman would take the trouble to examine the laws
of the land which stood upon treaties.
Mr. HALL inquired how long it would take the
gentleman from Georgia to satisfy himself of the
amount of trust funds held by the Government,
the disposition that had been made of them, and
their present state? .
Mr. TOOMBS said it would he difficult thus to
accomplish what the gentleman desired. If the gen-
tleman thought the laws prescribing the duty of the
Secretary of the Treasury were not sufficiently ex-
plicit, he should have no objection to the gentle-
man 's introducing a bill for the purpose of doing
that which he sought to do by this amendment,
but which was not appropriate to this bill. Much
of the difficulty arose from the inattention of gen-
tlemen, and in consequence of their not taking the
trouble to ascertain the facts in connection with the
revenue of the country. The question should first
be examined and reported upon by a committee.
It was too large a question to be decided upon by
this House without such preparatory examination,
and he was not disposed tb act upon it at the in-
stance of any gentleman without being satisfied
that it had been investigated fully. He preferred
that a committee should be instructed to bring in a
bill. It was a question to which perhaps no gen-
tleman there had paid sufficient attention, and
therefore he objected to the proposed amendment
of this bill, for neither the House nor a committee
had had an opportunity to examine and ascertain
that it was just and proper. .
Mr. HUDSON concurred with many of the re-
marks which had fallen from the member of the
Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Toombs,]
but he differed entirely with him on one position
which he had assumed—namely, that this amend-
ment was irrelevant to the bill under consideration.
If he understood the bill, it related to the finances
of the country. It provided that the sum collected
from imposts should be returned to the treasury,
and that the officers engaged in these collections
should be paid out of the treasury. This, of
course, would involve some change, a considerable
change, in the annual reports of the Secretary of
the Treasury on the subject of the finances; and
the gentleman from New York, by his amendment,
proposed to require the Secretary to say in his
report some things in detail which were now stated
in gross, and that he should give us a more dis-
tinct view of the different funds which were held
by him or by other officers of the Government.
Now, it seemed to him that it was perfectly legiti-
mate, when they were changing the basis of the
Secretary's estimates, to require from him esti-
mates which he had never made before, and U>
require him to make others in some particular way;
ana he therefore could not perceive that there could
be any solid objection made to this amendment.
The gentleman himself admitted that the report of
the Societary for the present yenrhad been of such
a character that it was impossible for any of them
to understand it fully. In oilier parts of his re-
marks, the gentleman had intimated, that with a
little industry, any one would be enabled to under-
stand not only the state of the treasury proper, but
to ascertain and understand the condition of all the
trust funds, spread as they were through various
laws, and recognized by various treaties. This,
said the gentleman, a little industry would make
perfectly plain. Now, he (Mr. H.) admitted that
gentleman's industry and great power of endu-
rance; but he confessed that for himself the task
was not so easy; and the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. McKay,] familiar as he had long
been with the subject, had likewise confessed how
difficult he found it fully to understand all the Sec-
retary's report. And why the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Toombs] should object to this pro-
vision, requiring the Secretary to make'his report
more in detail and with gieater plainness, was,
Mr. H. confessed, more than he could discover:
certainly the gentleman did not wish the reports
to be continued as unintelligible as they were at
present.
The gentleman from New York required nothing
more than than the funds should be explained dis-
tinctly and separately. We had now the singular
spectacle of two or three reports, containing state-
ments of different funds, respecting which differ-
ent views and opinions had been expressed by the
same officer. Yes, he could produce reports of the
same Secretary of the Treasury, respecting par-
ticular funds, which did not agree. Nosv, he
asked, how was this? Oh, the trust funds were
included in one case, which were not in another.
Now, how, he asked, could any committee com-
prehend reports which stated the funds in different
