482
merits, that the people might have access to them,
SSl be able to judge of the conduct of those whom
thev had sent here to represent their interests. But
when they printed books to teach the people agri-
culture, they violated a great principle, and set an
example which would be destructive of the legiti-
mate objects of Government, if they were going
to print in this manner, they had better set up a
great printing office at once. They were now ask-
ed to print 90,000 copies of a report. He objected
to it under any circumstances, but more especially
a? they did not know what it was.- If this was in-
tended to give the people a valuable agricultural
report, he need only remind the House that at this
day they could procure everything that was valu-
able on the subject of agriculture for the smallest
possible sum. 'Some gentlemen had remarked that
their constituents were applicants for these re-
ports, Why, if this House should print a comic
almanac for gratuitous circulation he had no doubt
there would be plenty of applicants for it. He had
no doubt they would find applicants for books that
could be got for nothing; I3ut such business did
not come within thelegitimate duties of the House
of Representatives. It was a violation of sound
principle and a betrayal of their public trust. They
were not authorized thus to put their hand in the
public treasury,and seize the public money for the
purpose of applying it* to objects that came not
legitimately within their powers and duties. It
was a violation of right principle. It was a usurp-
ation of power on the part of this House. The
subject of this report was not strictly connected
with the business of this Housd. The print-
ing which this House was authorized to execute
was of an entirely different character. But if
they could print this book, they could print works
on the subject of geology, and science, and the
arts. He hoped this House would now at once
and forever put an end to such extravagance in
printing. Gentlemen had talked of saving forty
thousand dollars by printing this report for so
much less than was expended last year. When
taking this money from the public treasury, be-
cause it was not so much as had been taken on
other occasions, forsooth, they were effecting a
saving1 He was opposed to such economy. No
part of this money should be so improperly taken,
and he trusted gentlemen would unite on this floor
to put a stop to it.
Mr. HENLEY remarked, that being a member
of both the Committee on Patents and the Com-
mittee on Printing, he wished to state, in a very
few words, his views in relation to this printing.
He did not concur with the majority of the com-
mittee in their report in favor of the largest num-
ber. He had been a member of the Committee oh
Patents several years. That committee had here-
tofore always reported in favor of printing a large
number of the agricultural portion of the report of
the Commissioner of Patents. He had gone here-
tofore for the largest number; and when he had I
done that, he had been considered, to some extent
on both sides of the House, as extravagant. In
relation to this printing, he looked upon it, as he
had heretofore, as an important document—one
which was looked for with interest by the farming
portion of the community. But while he had been
in favor of the largest number heretofore, he must
acknowledge that gentlemen had gone far ahead of
him in their idea3 in relation to the printing of this
document. They ought to exercise prudence and
discretion in regard to the printing of public docu-
ments. "Did they print them for the purpose of
putting them into the hands of every man through-
out the country who might desire a copy? Cer-
tainly not. Their object was first for the infoima-
tion of this House, and next, as far as was reason-
able, for the information of the country.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lamm] said he
could distribute hundreds (he might have said
thousands) of this document among his constitu-
ents to advantage. No one disputed that. If they
should print Webster's Spelling Book, as had been
said by the gentleman from Georgia, although he
believed his constituents understood the rudiments
of our language as well as the inhabitants of any
other part of the countiy, he believed he might
distribute them to advantage there. They might
print all kinds of books they pleased, and send to
the people. They would he received gladly; they
would send, forth information to the country. But
the House must limit their printing within the
bounds of proper discretion and prudence. This
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
was a valuable document; he knew the farmers
wanted it. But he knew that there was not a
farmer within the bounds of his constituency who
did not want one'thing more—that was, that they
should exercise a sound economy and discretion
in. the public expenditures. He asserted that
ninety thousand copies of this work was an ex-
travagant appropriation at this time, inview of the
condition of the public finances; it might not be,
if we bad an infinite amount of money in the treas-
ury. But in the present state of things it was ex-
travagant, and would not be expected or desired
by the farming community whom it was intended
to benefit. Being himself one of that class of peo-
ple called farmers, he thought be had the right to
speak for them, and to say that they did not desire
any extravagance on the part of their Representa-
tives, even in printing this report.
As to the suggestion of sending it back to the
committee to be read, if that was done, he wanted
to amend the motion so as to have the gentleman
who made the suggestion added to the committee,
and it be made his duty to read it. A document of
four hundred printed pages, the gentleman from
Georgia, with all his industry, would not find time
to read, notwithstanding he got the House to ad-
journ every day at four o'clock, anu consequently
might be supposed to have a good deal of time for
this and other reading. It was most singular that
this committee should be expectcd to read this
document before they recommended its printing.
He believed another gentleman had made the same
inquiry, and that it was the same gentleman who
made the motion to print fifteen thousand extra
copies of the President's message and accompany-
ing documents. He presumed the gentleman had
not read that document in manuscript. The fact
was, they could only judge of this work by print-
ing it. They had no time to read many of their
documents even after they were printed. He ven-
tured to say that the gentleman who made the. mo-
tion and inquiiy had not yet read the last report of
the Commissioner of Palents, made two years ago,
and he doubted very much whether he ever would.
This was a labor that could not be performed.
What! read all this immense amount of documents,
all this trash, before they ordered it to be printed!
It would be necessary, then, to raise another com-
mittee—a committee on reading.
He made these remarks for the purpose of defend-
ing the committee against the imputation,which it
seemed to be intended to throw upon them, because
they had reported in favor of piinting, before they
had read the document.
Seventy-eight thousand dollars, it was said, (and
he believed it was true,) was the price paid for print-
ing the report of the Commissioner of Patents at
the 1st session of the 29th Congress. That docu-
ment, let him state, and many gentlemen remem-
bered the fact, was ordered to be printed under the
expectation that it was much smaller than it turned
out to be. It proved to be a very large and volu-
minous document. But, on the ground taken by
many gentlemen around him, the larger the better,
if it contained valuable information. But it was
larger than was anticipated by many gentlemen
who voted for its printing. The expenditure was
a very heavy one. Gentlemen seized on this as a
criterion and a precedent to sanction the printing of
a large number now; but it ought to be a warning
against sucb extravagance instead of being a land-
mark to guide their course. Seventy-eight thou-
sand dollaisfor this printing was an enormous sum.
It ought to be limited to some reasonable amount,
which would give satisfaction to the country, and
not involve extravagance here. While he was in
favor of printing, he wished to limit it to a reason-
able number of copies.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, said he could not ac-
cede to the position taken by his friend from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.] The position which the
gentleman assumed, if acted upon by the House,
would circumscribe the printing of this House
within very narrow limits indeed. It would cut
off a large portion of the printing of this House
which had uniformly been ordered, and which
would certainly come within the rule which he
defined as limiting the power of the House. There
was not a session in which they did not print
thousands of documents containing statistical in-
formation in regard to the commerce and naviga-
tion of the country, and in relation to our manu-
facturing interests. Why did they print them?
If the position assumed by the gentleman from
Georgia was correct, this wae all wrong; they had
no right to give the country information in regard
to commerce and manufactures.
Mr. TOOMBS, interposing, (and Mr. S. yield-
ing,) explained his position, as given above.
Mr. SMITH (resuming) said he thought they
had the same right to legislate on the subject of
agriculture that they had to legislate upon the sub-
ject of commere, navigation, and manufactures.
Was it to be laid down at this period that the
greatest interest of the country—one in which
three-quarters of our population were interested—
was a subject not.coming within the constitutional
power of Congiess, while Congress might, for-
sooth, legislate upon a large number of minor in-
terests? Why did they, be asked, establish Ft
Committee on Agriculture, if the subject of agri-
culture did not come within their constitutional
power? He believed the constitutional power of
Congress to legislate upon the subject of agricul-
toe was equal to its constitutional power over the
Sn.ijeet of manufacturss, commerce, and naviga-
tion. And he believed the people had great reason
to complain of Congress that this great and im-
portant branch of their interests had been so long
neglected. He believed if Congress would pay a
little more attention to the interests of agriculture,
if they would make more liberal appropriation to
subserve that great interest of the country, that
they would better perform their duties to the pe.o-
ple under the. Constitution. The proposition had
sometimes been made in this House to organize a
separate bureau to collect statistics in regard to
agriculture, that the people might be enlightened
uppn this great interest. He had been in favor of
such a bureau—of liberal appropriations to sustain
it, and he was in favor of liberal appropriations to
disseminate the valuable information contained in
this report. The country had been deluged with
political documents until it was sick of them, and
now everywhere there was a desire for something
upon agriculture, concerning which much valuable
information was contained in this report. During
the last Congress they printed a report of this char-
acter, and he did not believe there had been any
document printed within the last ten years which
had been received with so much satisfaction. If
•$100,000 were appropriated for the publication o-f
Ihis report, it would be regarded by the gieat body
of the people of both political parties as an appio-
priation better calculated to advance their interests
than any other whieh they could make.
He was in favor of printing the largest number
proposed. He should vote for it cheerfully, know-
ing that the vote would meet the approbation o£
all his constituents of all parties. They desired
this document to be printed and extensively circu-
lated among them.
Mr. RHETT was understood to say, that the
senpmcnts advanced by the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Smith] werecertainly very much akin to
the proposition before the House. He referred to
the position taken by Mr. Toombs. He (Mr. R.)
considered that the whole of their legislation over-
manufactures, as well as over agriculture, was a
usurpation of power; and he thought the usurp-
ation in the one case was just as clear as in the
other. What were the powers of Congress over
these subjects, but the one power, to regulate com-
merce? If this document had brought information
here, strictly within the limits of the constitutional
power of Congress over commerce, he would be
willing to print it. What did his friends, who repre-
sented manufacturing communities, say ? Because
Congress could regulate commerce, and lay duties
for that purpose, thart they could lay duties incon-
sistent with that purpose—lay duties to keep com-
merce out. Because they could lay duties for rev-
enue, they could lay duties to destroy revenue by
prohibitions. That was the kind of reasoning by
which they got this power.
But gentlemen on the other side went one step
farther, and said they had not only the right to
regulate manufactures, but to regulate agriculture,
although that power was distinctly proposed in the
^Convention which framed the Constitution, and
negatived. Yet the gentleman from Indiana said
they had as much power over agriculture as they
had over commerce and manufactures. Readmit-
ted that they had the power over what strictly be-
longed to commerce; he denied that they had the
other powers. See how this course of usurpation
proceeded. What was the document which was
proposed to be printed? It was a report on patents.
