486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
measure but to pronounce, almost ex cathedra, that
th.tt there is no argument at all, which would jus-
tify its passage, seems to be rather a bad augury
for fair investigation. _
The Senator says it will be mischievous here,
because it will have a tendency to alarm the money
interest. Now, sir, I have no invidious compari-
son to make among the various occupations of our
community—the members'of which, while labor-
in? for themselves, are contributing; also to the
wealth of the country. Ills not my habit. I would
merely remark, that questions affecting the honor
and interest of the country, in her communication
.with other nations, must be decided upon much
higher considerations, than the effects they will
produce upon the stock market, and upon the fluc-
tuations, which give to its speculations the spirit,
sometimes, of gambling, rather than of sober cal-
culation. But, sir, I do not agree with the Senator
in his anticipations. If, as I understand him, a
peace is necessary for the wholesome operation of
the moneyed interests, any measures, havinga tend-
ency to promote peace, would give confidence to
those who control it. If, sir, an overwhelming
force were immediately raised and despatched to
Mexico, no man can doubt but that this war would
be immediately terminated; and the more vigor-
ous our preparations—the more fixed our determina-
tion to prosecute it vigorously—the more convinced
shall we be, and the Mexican people also, that
peace will come, and come speedily. So far from
viewing this subject as the Senator does, I con-
sider every step we take towards vigorous prepar-
ations, a step towards peace; and I believe it will
strengthen, and not weaken, the confidence of the
moneyed" men, and aid, instead of injuring, the
money market. If we go on \Vith a series of timid,
irresolute, and indecisive measures, we may pro-
long this war till doomsday. If we strike one vig-
orous stroke, we may terminate it without delay.
The Senator says, also, that the passage of this
bill will be mischievous m Mexico, because it will
animate some of the parties, into which that un-
happy country is divided, to increased, exertions
against us. If this be so, it presents to me a new
chapter in human nature. When our country is
at war, or apparently approaching it, to put on an
armor and an attitude befitting the occasion, would
be, according to this new principle of national
intercommunication, impolitic, if not dangeious,us
it would excite the enemy to more vigorous action.
Mr. President, it is not thus, I have read history,
and it is not thus that public disputes are brought ,
to satisfactory termination. If in peace to prepare
for war, is a wise sentiment—now become an ax-
iom—certainly when hostilities have actually com-
menced, and two Powers are contending for the
mastery, if one relaxes it preparations for fear of
animating the exertions of the other, it is not diffi-
cult to foresee to what dishonor such a course*—
whether originating in pusillanimity or false mag-
nanimity—must ncccssarily lead.
But, sir, are there no reasons why this bill should
fixing terms, which will lead to peace if accepted
by the Mexican Government. Now, sir, it may
be accepted there, or rejected, no man can tell
which. The Government is unstable, the people
intractable and turbulent, and the country split into
factions, warring against one another, and each con-
tending for supremacy. In such a state of things,
what is our duty? It is, as I have already said,
to be prepared for contingencies, and to recofn-
mence our military operations with the utmost
vigor, as soon as the war recommences, if that
event should happen.
But, in the second place, the very preparation
we make may be the reason for rendering its em-
ployment unnecessary. If the Government and
people of Mexico see, by the measures which we
have taken here, that there is an absolute deter-
mination to overrun and overcome their country,
that would furnish a strong motive for their acqui-
escence in the terms of peace. As our relaxation
would encourage them to resist, so, renewed exer-
tions on our part would show them the futility of
resistance, and leave them no hope, but m doing us
justice. So much for the reasons in favor of the
passage of this bill. The force it contemplates to
raise may not be wanted. In that event, it will
not be organized, and no injury will be done. It
may be wanted, and in that event, it will be ready
for such contingencies, as may happen.
The Senator from South Carolina says, that
when the President, in his annual message, asked
for this force, he did so in order to be able to pros-
ecute the war more vigorously, and that to vote far
this bill is to give a pledge, that this should be done.
This may be so, sir; but whether so or not, I am
ready to give any necessary pledge upon the sub-
ject. The Senator is not in favor of a vigorous
prosecution of the war, even should we fail in our
efforts to obtain a peace. What are his views upon
this subject, sir? He says, that at the commence-
ment of the session, the opinion was spreading
everywhere, that the whole of Mexico should be
annexed to the United States; but that since that
time, a change has been going on—the result, I
suppose, of our discussions—and that the acquisi-
tion of the whole Mexican territory is no longer
desired. For my part, sir, I see no change what-
ever upon this subject. 1 believe the prevailing
sentiment is now, just what it has been during the
whole progiess of these hostilities. The Senator,
in his remarks upon this subject some two or three
months since, when asked for the proof, that the
acquisition of all Mexico was desired by the Amer-
ican people, referred to one or two demonstrations,
that had taken place%t one or two public meetings,
but failed to produce the slightest evidence, as in-
deed there was none, that the American people had
determined upon thisgreatexperiment. The sen-
timent prevailed then, and prevails yet, that we
i may be compelled to make it, by the obstinate in-
justice of the Mexicans, and that, if we cannot
I terminate the war in any other way, we must ter-
minate it by taking possession of their country,
too—so decisive, indeed, that even the powerful
intellect of the Senator from South Carolina has not
been able to satisfy me, that there is one substan-
tial objection to the measure.
We are at war with Mexico. The papers,
indeed, of to-day, tell us that an armistice for two
months has been concluded. That is liable to be
broken, and hostilities resumed, from one day to
another, as accident or design on the pait of the
enemy may dictate. And a proof of their bad faith,
in a similar arrangement at the city of Mexico,
should warn us, that little lehancecan be placed
upon these stipulations; and, indeed, the very de-
spatch, which brought us information of the armis-
tice, brought us also information, that it had been
broken. And happen what may, in the mean time,
this armistice, at the end of the term, must give
way to hostilities, unless prolonged by mutual con-
sent, or terminated by a peace. And certainly it
will not be prolonged by us, unless a peace is to
take its place.
Now, sir, what does a wise precaution require?
It requires us to strengthen our forces m Mexico,
and to make the most vigorous preparation to
prosecute the war with renewed exertion, should
our efforts to procure a peace prove fruitless.
You know, Air. President, and the Senateknows,
and the country knows, that a paper has arrived
here, and gone back to Mexico, with the imprima-
tur of this body upon it, modified, indeed, but still
now pass ? There arc, sir, and very strong ones Ji and holding it subject to our power, and with some
kind of a government, to provide for its internal
security.
Well, sir, this state of things may come, but I
hope not. But it will not be prevented by speeches
and resolutions in this body. It will be prevented
by much higher events. For myself, my opinion
has been unchanged, and I have several times
expressed it in this Chamber. I think the anni-
hilation of the Mexican Government and the an-
nexation of the whole Mexican territory would be
a serious injury to our Confederacy. I see great
inconvenience in the measure, and many sound
practical objections to it. But 1 repeat also my
previous declaration, that I am not one of those
who beljeve that even that step would be fatal to
us. My confidence in the progress and duration
of this Government is unshaken and unshakable.
Its destiny, under God, is committed to the people,
and nootherearthlypowercandestroyit. However
extensive may be the sphere of its operation, it has
in it a spirit of vitality, growing out of the very
principle of its formation and objects—the will of
all for the good of all—which will enable it to re-
sist many of those shocks of time and accident, to
which other governments have been exposed, and
have fallen victims. If all this is a dream, sir, it
is a very happy one, and a dream from which I
have no wish to be awakened.
I desire, sir, to allude to a remark made by an
honorable Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter.]
Sometime since he addressed the Senate upon this
subject in a speech, replete with able views and
beautiful illustrations. It was one of those efforts
which, while they do honor to the speaker, reflect
honor upon all those who are associated with him
in the discharge of the high functions, committed
to us. While I thank him for the pleasure he gave
me, I thank him also for his favorable notice of a
little word I used upon that occasion. The dis-
tinguished Senator from South Carolina had said,
that the absorption of all Mexico would be fatal to
us. While expressing the opinion I have just re-
iterated, that the measure would be injurious, I
repudiated the idea that it would be fata)*, and said,
that if we were to swallow all Mexico, it would not
kill us. Well,sir, it is a good old fashioned phrase,
but the Senator from Virginia seemed to think that
it required some protection, and threw over it his
critical regis by saying it should hereafter become
classical.° I thank the honorable Senator for his
kind interference; but I beg to assure him, that the
phrase had some pretensions to be a standard one,
even before I used it, and he sanctioned it. It is
at least as old, in our language, as the time of the
translators of the Bible. How much more aged, I
do not stop to inquire; but in the language, whence
our Btble was translated, it is at least thirty centu-
ries older. u Israel is swallowed vp,}i said one of
her prophets when the throne of David was over-
turned, and his kingdom annexed, aye, annexed,
to the kingdom of Assyria. " Israel is swallowed
tip." Now, sir, I may congratulate myself upon
my position. Supported by the Bible and by the
honorable Senator fiom Virginia, I may defy the
shafts of criticism, invulnerable to the heel behind
such bucklers!
The Senator from South Carolina, instead of a
vigorous prosecution of the war, proposes to with-
draw our troops from the other portions of the
Mexican country, and to establish them upon a
line, which shall he the boundary of the territory
which we intend to hold. This proposition has, in
substance, been twice before made by the honora-
ble Senator; once at the last session of Congress,
and once some weeks since at the present. He
I supported his views then and now with that force
which marks his reasoning. But while he inter-
ested, he did not convince me. There never was
! such a line, there never will be such a one. I say
it with all defference, but with a perfect conviction
of the truth, that such a line is impossible. That,
which the Senator proposes, runs from the Rio
; Grande to the Passo del Norte, probably about
eight hundred miles; and thence, with a deflection
not necessary to notice, to the Pacific Ocean, which
is a little less than an equal distance; making upon
the whole route probably fifteen hundred miles.
The force required to defend the line of the Rio
Grande the honorable Senator does not give; but
he thinks a small one would be sufficient. I have
conversed with one of our ablest erenerals upon
this subjcct, and he considers 20,000 men "neces-
sary to the defence of the Rio Grande frontier.
From the Passo del Norte to the Gulf of Cali-
fornia, the Senatorfrom South Carolina thinks that
one regiment and a few small vessels of war would
be an adequate protection against Mexicans and
Indians. What effect armed vessels can have ill
the defence of a line which stretches six hundred
miles beyond them, as I do not comprehend, I will
not stop to inquire. Their guns would probably
command the beach, off which they might anchor,
if they anchored near enough. But I do not be-
lieve, that a Mexican guerilla would place himself
within their reach in order to cross a line open to
him in all directions. As to the regiment, if equally
divided, its numbers fit for duty would probably
give one man to every mile of distance between
the Passo and the Gulf  certainly not more.
In his annual message, the President has pre-
sented with great force the objections to this prop-
osition. I shall not repeat them, for they must be
fresh in the recollection of the Senate. They seem
to me to prove, beyond question, the impolicy of
establishing such a line, and the impracticability of
holding it. With no natural boundary, with no
defensive stations, (for how many could a few
hundred men occupy and defend ?) with a bound-
less region on both sides; with rhe necessity of
bringing supplies through long, difficult, and ex-
posed routes; and with the ever-consuming dis-
orders of the climate—how could such a line be
defended with such a force? Our tioops must be
in detachments, or they can afford no protection;
