488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
yet done nothing of the kind, and our troops are
free to act as the good of ihe country may require,
and as the incidents belonging to a state of war
fairly permit. The exercise of these powers is of
course vested in the commanding officer, unless
directed or restrained by superior authority at
home. The President is the constitutional com-
mander-in-chief, and whether present or absent,
may direct the operations of our armies and pre-
scribe the mode of conduct they shall adopt. He
has done so in the present case.
I see no difference, sir, in the application of the
general principle arising out of the mode in which
a contribution is enforced, whether it is levied by the
agency of our own officers or of Mexican officers,
the power is the same, and whether upon muni-
cipal authorities, upon classes, or upon individu-
als. The fairer and the more equal is the mode,
the less is the injury and the greater the satisfac-
tion. And an American army, of all other armies,
should seek to attain its object with the least dis-
tress. The contribution is an assessment, and all
mustpay it who are subject to the rules of war.
And it is the nature and not the name of the thing
which determines its true quality. Call it as you
please, tax, duty, impost, supply, contribution, or
what not, it is a forcible demand of private means,
made by an army in an enemy's country, of such
a nature and amount as the commander of the
army may direct, rendered more acceptable in the
present instance by being; levied and collected in
conformity with the Mexican laws, and thus ac-
commodating itself as far as possible to Mexican
usages. There never was a better form of con-
tribution, than that which we have adopted—one
more equal in its operation, or less oppressive in
its administration.
Now, sir, what is the objection to this? I un-
derstand there are two reasons urged by the Sen-
ator from South Carolina against the course of the
Administration on this subject. The first consti-
tutional, and the second political. With respect
to the first, if f comprehend the train of reasoning
pursued by the Senator, he consideis the contribu-
tions required by our army in Mexico as taxes,
and their collection as an exercise of the tax levy-
ing power conferred only upon Congress by the
Constitution. 1 cannot, sir, for myself* doubt for
a moment that that provision of the Constitution
is confined to the United States. As I have already
remarked, if the guarantees of that instrument ac-
company our armies, we may just as well aban- j
don all attempts to carry on offensive operations I
abroad, as our armies could not march a foot, with-
out finding themselves surrounded with msuper- ;
able obstacles. Congress may undoubtedly pie- i
scribe, the mode, in which forced impositions shall 1
be collected in an enemy's country. But it may
do that, not under the tax-levying power, but un-
der the wai-declaring, and thence war-regulatin°-
power. It may put an end to the practice, an5
when it regulates or prohibits it, its decision be-
comes the law of our armies, for a strict obedience
of which, every one, within his proper sphere, is
responsible; but until Congress does interfere, the
i/ght and its exercise depend on the principles i
have stated, and not upon analogies, verbal or
substantial, applicable only to a different state of ;
things, j eannot«but remark, however, sir, that j
if any one, who has doubts upon this question, will I
run his eye over the Constitution, he will see at a !
glance that its powers and protections are intended, j
not for a foreign country, but for our own. That
would be a strange construction indeed which
would give to the Mexicans the right " to be se- j
cure in theii persons, houses," &c.. " to a speedy '
and public trial by an impai tial jury," &c., and to
all the other political blessings, which make our !
Government what it is. And who shall divide the i
Constitution, and tell us what portion operates i
abroad, as well as at home? That the whole of it I
does not follow our armies is clearly shown from i
the consequences, which would flow from such a !
construction. There is but one piactical solution i
of the difficulty, and I use that word difficulty in 1
deference to the opinions advanced by gentlemen !
of the most powerful intellect, and notbecause I j
feel the slightest doubt myself; and that solution I
is to confine the Constitution to our own couu- j
try, except where its provisions obviously extend I
abroad; and this brings us again to the war-making '
power, which would enable Congress during the '
continuance of hostilities to provide at its discretion I
torthegovernment of countries held by ourarmies. i
The political objection urged by the Senator
against the exercise of this power, is founded in
the dangers, which might result from it. Well,
sir, there is danger in such a power. There is
i danger in all war powers. The distinguished Sen-
i ator, in a speech last session, which few will ever
' forget, who heard it, depicted with his peculiar force
the danger of triumphant generals returning with
conquering armies; even his graphic description
did not appal me, for our general's and our armies
are but constituent portions of our people, and I
trust for many a generation will mingle with the
mighty mass of American freemen, without delay,
and without reluctance, as soon as their military
duties are terminated. But there are greater dan-
gers than these, and first among thetn is the loss
of national honor. Discard your military means,
because the plains of liberty are filled with the
crumbling monuments of republics, overthrown by
a disloyal soldiery, and where would be your own
safety in these days of-national ambition and ag-
j granuizement?
'j From my own views of our institutions, and
II from the opinion I have formed of the character
of the American people—formed during an active
I! life, passed under circumstances which brought
I me into contact with men of all opinions and pur-
i| suits—I consider the destruction of this Govern-
|| ment by military usurpation as one of the very last
j' evils which threatens us; to be apprehended only
Ij when our necks are prepared for the yoke, and
II when it will matter little, who puts it on.
J; The President may abuse his power, says the
il Senator. Certainly he may, and so he may abuse
I: any power; but powers must be granted, though
they may be abused. If any one fears that result
now, let him prepare a legislative remedy to pre-
vent it. As that is not my case, I shall not volun-
teer my services for such a work; but I am pre-
pared at any time to look into the whole matter,
and to hold all who have taken part m it to a
strict accountability. The President desires noth-
ing else, nor his political friends for him; and I
predict, that any investigation will but commend
the Administration the more to the confidence of
the country. But let not a most important right
belonging to the American people, and one which
may be essential to their military success be cast
to the winds, because some time or other, or some
where or other, abuses may grow out of its exer-
cise.
In our investigation into the origin of this war,
| there are two separate questions, which present
' themselves for consideration; one, which may be
termed external, and the other internal. The for-
mer connects itself with us as a people whose char-
acter aijd conduct have been arraigned before the
world, and the latter concerns ourselves alone, as it
relates to the course of the Executive in the earlier
measures, which led to the war. The war itself may
be just, and we stand acquitted of every charge of
aggression; while the President may have passed
beyond the limits of his constitutional duty, and
assumed to direct, where Congress alone had the
power to act. By far the most important question
.touches the character of our country, and this in-
volves the justice of the war. The subject itself i
is a fruitful one, and has been so often examined j
and exhausted, that it requires some moral courage
to discuss iteven briefly. I shall endeavor to com-
press my remarks within the narrowest space,
; confining myself, as much as may be, to propo-
I sitions rather than to illustrations.
Had we cause of war against Mexico ? It has
been said, and upon this floor, that to give just
cause of war, there must be a clear right, coupled
with a " sort of necessity,'' before a resort is had to i
this extreme necessity. Such general considera-
tions, however, as this, amount to very little in
guiding the conduct of nations, as a slight analysis
of this principle will show. The honorable Sen-
I ator himself who advanced it, concedes that we
j had a clear right, and if a "sort of necessity" to
, enforce it had been coupled with this, we should
I have stood justified in the eyes of the world had
I we declared war against Mexico years ago. And
I what is this " sort of necessity," without which
the right is to remain barren > Why, I take it, if
thirty years of aggression on one side and of re-
monstrance on the other, do not constitute this ,
necessity, it would be vain to seek it in any war
undertaken in modern times.
The fact is, sir, the question of war is a compli-
cated one, into which considerations of right and
expediency enter largely, if not equally. If one
nation injures another, and refuses or unreason-
ably delays to make satisfaction, this gives to the
injured Power just cause of war. But whether
she shall undertake it, depends upon her own posi-
tion—on that of her adversary—on the magnitude
of the injury; and,-frequently, on other circum-
stances, political or financial, which it would be
useless to specify, and impossible to enumerate.
Nations must and will judge for themselves under
j these circumstances, as well of the right itself, as
! of the " sort of necessity" there may be of en-
1 forcing it. The, right once established, and that
; the gentledian himself concedes in this case, the
| resort to force is a question, rather of discretion,
i than of morals, as it is a remedy consequent upon
] the violation of national rights. .It is too late to
j tell us, sir, that we had" no just cause of war.
i Successive administrations of the Government and
j the voice of the American people have pronounced
an irrevocable judgment upon that question.
Our complaints against Mexico commenced near-
ly with the commencement of her independence.
They go back to the year 1817, and come down to
the present day in almost one uninterrupted series
of outrages. I shall not state them seriatim, nor
enter into the detail of their nature and extent.
This has been repeatedly done, and the official doc-
uments are before the country. I will merely clas-
sify, from an able report made by Mr. Forsyth in.
1817, the various heads of complaints, which will
present the general aspect of the subject.
1. Treasure belonging to citizens of the United
States has been seized by Mexican officers, in its
transit from the capital to the coffst.
2. Vessels of the United States have been cap-
tured, detained, and condemned, upon the most
frivolous pretext.
3. Duties have been exacted from others, noto-
riously against law, or without law.
4. Other vessels have been employed, and in
some instances ruined, in the Mexican service,
without compensation to the owners.
5. Citizens of the United States have been im-
prisoned for long periods of time, without being
informed of the offences with which they were
charged.
6. Other citizens have been murdered and rob-
bed by Mexican officers on the high seas, without
! any attempt to bring the guilty justice. -
General Jackson, in a message to Congress in
I 1837, stated that these causes of complaint " would
I justify, in the eyes of all nations, immediate war."
1 This sentiment was fully concurred in by the Com-
mittee of Foreign Relations of the House of Rep-
resentatives, who said " that ample cause exists
for taking war into our own hands; and we believe
that we shall be justified in the opinion of other
nations, for taking such a step."
President Van Buren, in December, 1837, dis-
tinctly told Congress that redress was beyond the
reach of the Executive, and could only be obtain-
ed by the action of Congress, which action must
of course have been war.
As to the conventions which have since been
made by the two countries, and violated by Mex-
ico, I need not enter into their history. They are
fresh in the recollection of all. These three con-
ventions, by the infidelity of the Mexican Govern-
ment, have proved nearly fruitless; and after thirty
years of injury on the one side, and of remon-
strance on the other, there is nothing left to us but
to abandon all hope of redress, or to obtain it by
a vigorous prosecution of the war. Who, then",
^ shall say to us, that we have commenced a war un-
! justly, which was in fact commenced bythe enemy,
and which, even had it been declared by us, would
, have been justified by the practice of nations, and
i by the injuries we had sustained ?
I I do not intend, Mr. President, to be led into the
^ discussion of any polemic respecting the wicked-
] ness of war. I leave that to the schools and the
I debating societies. I am content, and if not, I am
: compelled, to take things as they are, as they have -
| been, and as they will be. Sent here as practical
t men, to deal with the interests of our country, we
| must not be diverted from the true path marked
I out by the experience and usages of the world, by
I crude speculations and niisplaced philanthropy.
I We were aggrieved and injured, and could obtain
; no redress; and we were entitled to take ourreme-
| dy into our own hands, in order to obtain that jus-
1 tice, which was pertinaciously withheld from us.
The most superficial reader of modern history—
