1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
489
th£ most casual observer of passing events, must
know, that outrages far less flagrant in their charac-
ter than those committed by Mexico against us,,
have occasioned half the wars of modem times.'
But, sir, I am well aware that these considera-
tions apply only to our just right to declare war
against Mexico at any time, within the last twenty
years. We did not commit the offensive. Mexi-
co herself struck the first stroke, and why? Be-
cause Texas was annexed to the United States. I
recollect the gentlemen on the other side of the
Chamber thought there was some fluttering in our
ranks, when this avowal was first made. But there
was none whatever, sir. We concede the propo-
sition in its fullest extent, that this annexation was
the cause of war. How then, sir, stands this
great question, a^ to the justice of its commence-
ment ?
I will not.trespass upon the patience of the Sen-
ate by presenting this subject in all itst details. I
will again compress my views into a series of
propositions, and thus spare your time and my
own.
Texas, a constituent portion of the Mexican
republic, declared itself independent, as Mexico, a
constituent portion of the Spanish monarchy, had
done before it, and asserted and maintained its
rights by a revolution.
The war^ between these two powers continued
for some time, with varying success, till 1836,
when a Mexican army, led by the chief magistrate
of jhe republic, was conquered, and dispersed or
made prisoners, and the commander himself cap-
tured.
_ After the month of June of that year, Texas con-
tinued m the undisturbed possession of her inde-
pendence, and no effort was made to reduce her,
not a single Mexican party, with the exception, I
understand, of two predatory incursions, having
since ever made an inroad into her territory. The
war was in fact at an end.
In the mean time, the independence of Texas
was acknowledged by the United States, and by
some of the other principal Powers of the world;
and she was permitted to take her equal station
among the nations of the earth.
In cases of revolution, where one portion of a na-
tion is endeavoring to separate itself from another,
•while the contest is going on, and each party is
exerting itself to attain its object, it is the duty of
other Powers to look on, and not to interfere in fa-
vor of one side or the other. But there is a limit
to this duty. Such contests cannot be permitted
forever to continue. The peace of the world for-
bids it, and there are instances on record, where
other nations have said: This struggle has con-
tinued long enough; it must now be terminated,
and the revolting people be secured in their inde-
pendence. But there is still another limit to this
duty of non-interference, and that is, the abandon-
ment by the original government of all attempts to
reduce by force its revolting citizens. The aban-
donment of the remedy is the abandonment of the
right. The peace of the world cannot be put to
hazard by the pertinacious obstinacy of any nation,
which holds on to nominal claims, without the
power and the disposition to maintain them. The
neutral duties exist only flagrante btllo. And when
the war ceases, the previous relations of the two
States cease, and they become like other nations,
" enemies in war, in peace friends." When Texas
was annexed to this Confederacy, this was her re-
lation to Mexico, and. she had the same right to
form treaties of alliance or annexation, as had the
people from whom she had separated. " If these
things are so," the union of Texas and this coun-
try was no just cause of offence to Mexico, and
gave her no right to complain of our conduct.
And this view is fortified by an incident, clearly
indicative of the public opinion in Mexico of the
value of her right to subjugate Texas. While the
question of annexation between this latter Power
and the United States was pending, Mexico offer-
ed to acknowledge the independence of Texas, if
she would engage not t$ join the American Con-
federacy. This offer was in fact the very acknowl-
edgment it proposed to make conditionally. It
conceded the inability of Mexico to enforce her
claim of sovereignty, while it asked, as the con-
dition of recognition, the surrender of the right to
direct its future political destiny, as might seem
most acceptable to its people.
"So much for the general subject of annexation,
and the rights and duties growing out of it.
But it has been said, not in Mexico, but here,
that the oVigin of this war was not in the annexa-
tion of Texas, but because we carried her bound-
ary to the Rio Grande, and took possession-of the
country between the Nueces and'that river. Who
says this, Mr. President? Not the government or
people of Mexico, but citizens of our own coun-
try, who find a cause of offence for the enemy,,
which they have failed to discover for themselves.
The Nueces is an American, riot a Mexican bound-
ary. The Texas of Mexico was Texas to the
Sabine, with no intermediate boundary. In all the
communications with the Mexican Government,
as I have had occasion to say before, no distinction
is made between the Nueces and the Rio Grande.
And the occupation by our forces, of the country
between these rivers, was never presented as an
exclusive cause of complaint, nor indeed noticed in
any manner whatever. It was the annexation and
occupation of Texas, and not of any particular
portion of Texas, which led to the reclamations,
and finally to the hostilities of Mexico. It was a
question of title, and not of boundary; a claim of
right, which went for the whole, and would never
be satisfied with the relinquishment of a part.
When the act for annexation passed, the Mexican
minister in this country immediately protested
against that measure; declared it to be just cause
of war, and at the same time demanded' his pass-
ports, and left the country. And the Supreme
Government of Mexico, in March, 1846, informed
Mr. Slidell, that it looked upon " annexation as a
casus belli; and, as a consequence of this declara-
tion, negotiation was, by its very nature, at an end,
and war was the only recourse of the Mexican
Government." And, in conformity with these
views, forces were collected on the Rio Grande, in
order that Mexico might take the " initiative" in
hostilities against us, to borrow the expression of
General Paredes in his orders to the commanding
general. And, sir, these warnings and threaten-
ings were no vain declarations. Mexico said what
she would do, and she did* as she said. She de-
clared to us, that if we annexed Texas she would
go to war. We annexed Texas, and she went to
war. As early as April, 1846, and before the
movement of General Taylor could have been
known in Mexico, her President directed the gen-
eral upon the frontier to "attack"our army by
every means, which war permits.
Who, then, sir, has a right t6 say, what the
Mexican Government has never said—that they
went to war, not because we annexed Texas, but
because we took possession of the country west of
the Nueces? In all the diplomatic correspond-
ence between the two Governments, there is no
allusion to that river, nor is any greater claim ad-
vanced to one of its banks, than to the other.
Why, then, when our country is summoned to
trial at the bar of the public opinion of the world,
why should the American Senate swell the cata-
logue, of an enemy's grievances, and make out a
better case for Mexico than she has made for her-
self? In our endeavor to do right to others, let us
not do wrong to ourselves. Let us distrust our
own judgment, when we find ourselves inclined to
take a more favorable view of the cause of Mexico
than she has taken for herself. Let us yield to
justice what we refuse to patriotism. There is no
want of shrewdness in Mexican statesmen. They
have made the best of their own case; and if they
have omitted the passage of the-Nueces in the cat-
alogue of their wrongs, we may be sure it was no
special wrong in their eyes; and that it was not
because we crossed that river, but because we en-
tered Texas, that our enemy attacked us, and thus
commenced the war.
The question of the title of Texas to the country
extending to the Rio Grande, has been several
times elaborately discussed before the Senate, but
never more ably than by the honorable Senators
from Maryland and Texas, [Messrs. Johnson and
Rusk.] I listened with great pleasure to their ex-
position, and I am content to leave the subject,
where they left it, altogether satisfied with the
views they presented, and equally satisfied, that I
can add nothing to their force or clearness.
What judgment, then, are we to pronounce upon
the measures, which were directed to be taken by
the President, previously to the commencement of
the war by Mexico? This question is in fact a
double one, involving two considerations: one, af-
fecting our relations with other countries, and the
other our own institutions only. The former
touches our character and conduct before the na-
tions of the earth, while the latter relates only to
ourselves. #
This war was commenced by Mexico, that is,
Mexico first attacked our troops; but I agree, that
if we pushed an armed force within the Mexican
frontier without cause, that measure-throws on us
the guilt of this war. How stands this matter?
1. It seems now to be generally agreed on all
hands, that the mere annexation of Texas give to
Mexico no just cause of war, and it follows, that
if its boundaries extended to the Rio Grande, then
we did only what we had a right to do in march-
ing our forces to that river, and are not responsible
for results. Both of these points I have noticed,
and the last has been conclusively established by
the excellent views taken of the title of Texas by
the Senators, to whom I have referred.
2. If the title to the country from the Nueces to
the Rio Grande was in dispute between the par-
ties—and I believe no one here has ventured to
deny, that we had some well-founded claims to it—
and Mexico was preparing to take possession of
it, we had a right to anticipate her, and thus to
assert our own title.
3. But taking the strongest ground against our-
selves, that we had no title whatever to the Rio
Grande, still we had a right to go there, if we con-
sidered such a measure necessary to our defence,
and if the preparations of Mexico announced a de-
sign to attack us.
Did they announce such a determination? No
one here, sir, will deny that fact. I shall not de-
tain the Senate with the various proofs, spread
through the history of our intercommunication
with Mexico, from the first suggestion lespecting
annexation, till her army crossed the Rio Grande
in order of battle. The protest of her minister
here — the declaration of her Government — its
formal annunciation to the European diplomatic
agents accredited to it—the public order of its gen-
erals, and the collection'and movement of its forces,
left no doubt of its designs, and if they had, the
result would have disclosed them.
The movement of our troops, under these circum-
stances, became a defensive measure; for, as has
been well remarked by the honorable Senator fiom
South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] it is not necessary
for the justification of a nation, that it shbuld await
an impending attack. That power, in fact, com-
mences the war, which makes the first threatening
preparations for it, and not the one, which merely
strikes the first stroke. If a government collects
its forces, marches them to its frontier, and makes
public preparations for passing it, and thus for
war, at the same time openly avowing its determi-
nation to commence it, both the reason of mankind
and the usage of nations, authorize the people,
whose peace is thus threatened, to anticipate their
adversary, and to repel the threatened attack, by
an attack of their own. This course is strictly
defensive, and modern history abounds with ex-
amples, illustrative of the principle.
So much for the question between us and Mex-"
ico, as to the commencement of the war.
As to the internal question relating to the con-
duct of the President, it admits of but one answer.
That cases may occur, in which it is his duty, un-
der his constitutional power, to repel an actual or
threatened invasion before Congress can act upon
the subject, no one can doubt; and for myself, I
could never see any just constitutional or legal ob-
jections to the course ho pursued in this whole
affair. But there is one otherconsideration, which
is decisive, and that is, that the orders for the
movement of the troops to the Rio Grande were
given by the President on the 13th of January,
1846, and thirteen days before that, an act of Con-
gress had been passed recognizing our jurisdiction
west of the Nueces. It was the duty of the Ex-
ecutive to carry it into effect, and'thus consider
the boundary of Tex,as, as extended beyond that
river.
As the "initiative" was taken by our adversary,
we took the defensive, and, the attack being iney-
itable, it was for us to choose wlfere to receive it.
Such , I repeat, is the law of nations, and such the
practice of nations.
So much for the commencement of the war.
I had anticipated many modes of attack upon
the Administration, and many avowed causes o>
censure; but I must confess I had not anticipated
the charge of the honorable Senator from Mary-
land, [Mr. Johnson,] that the Administration had
