4§0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
proved itself feeble or inefficient, and, that the war
Kad not been vigorougly prosecuted. I am not
going, sir, to undertake a refutation of this charge.
I leave that to the people, who sent us here/ and
the measure of whose glory has been filled by
brilliant achievements, which will yield in their
renown to few, if any, of the great martial feats of
our age. "We have Ijad an ostentatious and as-
serted vigor," says the honorable Senator, " but
we have had nothing else, so far as the President
is concerned."
An ostentatious and asserted-vigor! "Well, this
is a strange world, and in my time I have seen and
heard many strange things in it, but I have heard
few stranger things than this. The act recognizing
war was passed on the 13th day of May, 1846,
twenty-two months ago. At that time we had an
army, whose total of rank and file consisted of
7,523 men. They occupied thirty-seven forts and
positions in the interior of the United States, and
upon our inland and seaboard frontier, compre-
hending a space almost equal to half of Europe;
and the portion of this force under General Tay-
lor, upon the Nueces, amounted to 3,001 men.
This was our preparation for meeting the war.
All else had to be collected or created. Recollect,
sir, that our situation is far different from that of
the martial Powers of Europe. War is there both
a trade and a science, and its Governments are
always prepared to meet contingencies, which can-
not, indeed, be foreseen, but which, if not provided
for, bring rum and disaster in their train. At one
time, the people of France were a great army—the
country a vast camp—the cities and towns, ar-
senals and magazines, and the fields, sources of
supply for the immense living machine, whose
movements were always so tremendous and often
so irresistible. Well, sir, we had nothing of all
this. We had no army, for our little force scarcely
deserved the name. We had no conscription by
which to increase it. And all the materiel neces-
sary for the subsistence and' transportation and
operations of our troops had to be collected through
the country,,and conveyed to a distant scene of
operations. This scene is three thousand miles
off; and little did the Government or the country
know of the condition of Mexico—of its fortresses
or their state of preparation—of its armies or their
state of efficiency or discipline—of the roads, the
bridges, the means of transportation and subsist-
ence, and the thousand other points, essential to
military operations, and which, in the various
countries of Europe, are studied and known.
Now, sir, in the face of all these obstacles, what
have we done? We have sent our troops to ihe
shores of the Pacific, by routes across the conti-
nent, and around Cape Horn; we have subdued
Upper and Lower California and New Mexico; we
have taken possession of the rich and populous
districts upon the Rio Grande; we have carried the
war into the heart of the Republic, after attack-
ing and reducing the renowned fortress, which
commands its principal maritime entrance, the
capture of which alone was glory enough for
France; we have taken its capital, dispersed its
armies, made its Government a fugitive, and re-
duced to subjection a large portion of its popula-
tion; we have fought at least fourteen important
actions, of which eight were pitched battles, and
in every one there was a disparity of force against
us, and in many an inequality, which carries us
back for similar examples of desperate struggles
to the early ages of the world—to the combats of
the Greeks and Persians—which they resemble,
rather than the conflicts, which the severe truth of
modern history judges and records. We have
captured a score of great cities, some of them forti-
fied and defended, and capable of strong resistance.
Time would fail me to tell all we have done, nor
can it be necessary; for is it not already written in
imperishable letters upon the records of history,
and in burning and shining characters upon the
heart of every American? Yet you have not done
enough, says the honorable Senator from Mary-
land to the Administration; you have not prose-
cuted the war with sufficient vigor. You have done
too much, says the honorable Senator from South
Carolina; you have prosecuted the war too vigor-
ously; so much so, indeed, that the great danger,
we have now to apprehend, is, the annihilation of
Mexiam national independance, and the annexa-
tion of the whole Mexican territory; and the only
remedy for the false position,in which your untimely
energy has placed us, is an abandonment of much
you have; gained, and a retreat behind a line, where
youcahcurb your martial propensities, and restrain
your desire for aggrandizement. I shall not thrust
myself into this controversy; it is in better hands
than mine; but I must confess it appears to me,
that the Senator from South Carolina is much
nearer the mark than the Senator from Maryland;
fend that our offence, if one there be, is an offence
of commission, and not of omission.
Now, if the Senator from Maryland thinks all
this success is not glory enough for twenty-two
short months, he must shut the pages of history,
and go back to the fabulous ages, or open the vol-
umes of imagination, and of a highly sublimated
imagination, too, before he can find a series of
operations worthyof thestandard of military glory,
which he seems to have prepared for himself. 1 he
labors of Hercules shrink into insignificance, when
compared with his model.
And'now for the future. What are we to do?
We are to do just what other nations always have
done, and always will do, in circumstances similar
to our own. We have to prosecute the war vigor-
ously, efficiently, promptly, till the Mexican peo-
ple are satisfied of their inability to resist us, and
are disposed to make a reasonable peace. There
is a point, sir, in military operations, and we must
reach that point if necessary, where pertinacious
obstinacy will be overcome, and where, as 1 have
already said, submission is cheaper than resist-
ance. 1 think 1 heard it said, sir, upon this floor,
that we had got the victim down, and he was ex-
hausted and spiritless, and that we were preparing
to plunge a bowie-knife into his heart. This lan-
guage is in bad taste, sir; and the allusion, it seems
to me, wholly unfounded. We have got no pros-
trate victim, and are preparing for no assassination.
We are fighting the Mexicans, and they are fight-
ing us, or, at any rate, claim to be fighting us, and
refuse all the offers we make to treat with them.
They compel us, either to close the war dishonora-
bly, or to prosecute it inexorably. It is objected
here and elsewhere, as a practical difficulty, that
there is no Government to negotiate. But this is
not so, sir; the difficulty lies beyond the Govern-
ment. There are acknowledged rulers with au-
thority enough to treat, were they disposed to do
so, as the recent result has shown. And why
have they not been so before ? Because the public,
so far as there is one, is adverse to the measure.
The honorable Senator from Mississippi, with his
knowledge of the Mexican character, has made
known to us one characteristic trait, which explains
the infatuation that prevails in that country; and
that is, an overweening vanity—a settled convic-
tion of their superiority to us—and a proneness to
attribute their reverses to anything, rather than
their own imbecility. So much for the masses.
The more profound portions of society may well
study the doctrine of chances, and looking to the
divisions which prevail in our councils, and to the
opposition which the legislative measures of the
war encounter, may flatter themselves that our ex-
ertions will become relaxed, and the Executive
unable to prosecute any further operations.
The remedy for all this is a palpable one; it is
founded in human nature: increase your force, ex-
tend your operations, overrun district after dis-
trict, establish yourself in city after city, awaken
the Mexicans fiom their lethargy of false hope,
and let them feel, that they have no recourse but to
do us justice; An'd add to all this, union in our
our councils at home, which, after all, is the first
element of prompt success. Postpone our inter-
nal difficulties till our external ones are adjusted.
One unanimous vote in each of these two Halls,
evincing a determination to prosecute the war with
all our strength, would be better than an army with
banners. It would be a moral force, that would
proclaim our power, and conquer the peace we so
much desire. My life for it, if we do this, we shall
succeed in three months; we shall find a Govern-
ment ready enough to ratify the treaty or to make
another, and a nation ready enough to observe its
stipulations. Mexicans are like all other people;
and, as I remarked a few days since; they must
sow, and reap, and be clothed, and preserve the
institutions of society, and the cherished relations
of social life. They, do not all mean to be killed,
nor voluntarily to abandon everything, that makes
life desirable. Let us go on, then, and time and
perseverance, we may hope, will bring with them
their just reward.
And now for the objects of the war. This sub-
jecthas occupied much of the attention of the Senate;
" indemnity and security'' have been bandied about,
as though they were mysterious words, employed
to conceal some great project, or magical words,
intended to obtain some great end, darkly shadowed
forth—a kind of "Open Sesame!" enabling polit-
ical necromancers to conceal their work of iniquity
and deception. I am not going over this ground
again, sir. I have only to say, that there is a single
word which fully expresses my views "upon this
subject, and that word is, Acquisition. The object
of the war is an honorable peace, and that peace
can best be obtained by an adequate compensation
for the injuries done us bjr Mexico, and that com-
pensation must be made in territory, as it can be
made in nothing else. There is one consideration,
Mr. President, in all this question of territorial
compensation, which has great weight with me.
While 1 trust we shall act as fairly by Mexico, as
her own conduct will permit, 1 do not conceal from
myself, that my reluctance to annex poitions of
that country to ours is much less than it would be
were I notconvinced, that the permanent happiness
of the people would be promoted by the measure.
I believe it the happiest fate that could befall them;
and I believe that this war, injurious in many re-
spects, as it may have been, and must have been,
is destined to work a great good for the Mexican
people. I believe it will meliorate their condition,
civil, religious, social, and political. I believe that
the contact with our citizens will bring many ad-
vantages,permanently beneficial. The country will
be laid open to the world, and the intellectual lessons
of Europe and America will elevate a depressed
population, and bring them to a knowledge of their
rights, and of the means of enforcing thorn.*
Man cannot fathom the designs of Providence;
but experience teaches us that great political changes
are among the means employed in the moral gov-
ernment of the world, and that they often come to
renovate decrepid nations, and to give new vigor
to the human faculties. The existing race in Mex-
ico has proved itself ignorant, feeble, and, if not
retrograding, stationary. Another career may be
opened to them; the abuses of generations may be
swept away, and the route of our armies may
become avenues of communication, by which light
and knowledge may spread over Mcxico, and the
past remembered only to make the blessings of the
change more evident and acceptable. I repeat, sir,
that the claim we set up is for compensation for
injury, and yet we are gravely reproached in the
American Senate, in this middle of the nineteenth
century, with the adoption of barbarous principles,
as well as barbarous usages, because, in a state of
war, when the appeal is to arms, and when the
decision rests on strength and not on reason, we
measure our own demands by our own sense of
justice; and claim what we think right, and intend
to take what we claim. And an honorable Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] seems to have
made it a particular cause of grievance, as he con-
siders it a most extraordinary measure in diplo-
macy, that we should have defined the line we mean
to establish, and have said to the enemy, make that
thelineof yourcession, or continue the war. Why,
Mr. President, did that honorable Senator never
hear of an ultimatum in national intercommunica-
tion? What is more common—indeed, what is
more proper—if atiation has once determined upon
its course, than to say to its adversary, there is our
lowest offer: accept it, or do better. The history
of the world is full of these Examples; and I must
confess it was with no little astonishment that I
heard the honorable Senator add this to his cata-
logue of reproaches against the Administration.
He told us, there were some of us ready to vote
for anything. As I have voted, and intend to vote,
for all the necessary war measures, I suppose I may
consider myself in this category of everything and
anything members.
Mr. BUTLER. Certainly not! I only remarked
that I was inclined to think that anything coming
with an Executive recommendation would be swal-
lowed whole; and, indeed*, I confess that I think
so yet!
Mr. CASS. We all know the courtesy of the
honorable Senator, and I will not believe he intend-
ed all the words import, and therefore I shall not
make a retort, which readily presents itself. But I
will say, it requires very little stretch of patriotism
to defend the Government, for making a manly and
frank proposal, and for avowing its determination
to stand by it to the last. And what other rule,
