492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
my impressions. The result I will give you in a
Very brief extract:
^ [debate in october, 1803.]
Mr. Griffin said: " He did not, however, fear those con-
sequences ; -he feared the effect of a vast extent of our em-
pire : he feared the effects of the increased value of labor,
the decrease in the va|ue of lands, &c. He did fear, though
this land was flowing with nnlk and honey, that this Eden
of the New World would prove a cemetery lor the bodies of
our citizens."
Mr. Thatcher said: " This acquisition of distant territory
will involve the necessity of a considerable standing army
so justly an object of terror. 
Mr. gruwold said: " The vast and unmanageable extent
winch the accession of Louisiana will give to the United
States—the consequent dispersion of our population, and
the destruction of that balance, which it is so important to
maintain between the eastern and western States, threatens
at novery distant day the subdivision of our Union."
Mr. White said: li I believe it will be thegreatest curse,
that could at present befall us, &c. * * * We have
already territory enough, and when I contemplate the evils
that may arise to these States from this intended incorpora-
tion of Louisiana into the Union, I would rather see it given
to France, to Spain, or to any other nation of the earth, upon
the mere condition that no citizen of the United States
should ever settle withm its limits, than to see the territory
sold for an hundred millions of dollars and we retain |he
sovereignty."
Mr. Tracy called " it a pernicious measure—the admission
of Louisiana, ot a world and such a world into our Union.
This would be absorbing the northern States, and render
them as insignificant in the Union as they ought to be, if,
by their own consent, the measure should be adopted."
Now, sir, two of the speakers in this debate
were predecessors of the honorable Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Baldwin,] who has felt and
expressed such alarm at the proposed extension
of our territorial limits. That Senator says, he
woutd,rather give millions to get rid of the tern-
lory, than to pay a dollar for its acquisition. Mr.
"White, of Delaware, fixed his price for getting rid
of Louisiana at one hundred millions of dollars.
Mr. Tracy, an able and eloquent statesman, pre-
dicted that the acquisition of Louisiana would
** absorb the northern States, and render them in-
significant in the Union." The Senator from Con-
necticut strikes the same key-note, and sounds a
similar alarm. Now, sir, all this apprehension is
without the slightest foundation. The just influ-
ence of Connecticut, of all the New England States
indeed, will never be reduced by the .progress of
our country. I do not speak of the influence of
numbers, but I speak of that moral power, which
intelligence, and morality, and patriotism, always
give to every community. Who, in this broad land,
does not look back to the history of New England,
and associate the glory of his country with the
glorious deeds, which passed there, and which laid j
the foundations of our freedom and prosperity? '
Go where you will, sir, from the lakes to the ocean,
from the St. John's to the Rio Grande, and every-
where you find emigrants from New England,
carrying with them the fruits of its intelligence,
find spreading its influence wherever they go.
Why, sir, there are five Senators, natives of New
Hampshire, now members of this body, and as
one, and the least worthy among them, I am proud
to acknowledge, here, in this high place, that much
of the'success, undeserved on my part, which has
attended me through life, I owe to the early lessons
of wisdom and virtue which were taught me in my
native State, and which, if I have too often ne-
glected, I have never forgotten. There may be
climates less rugged, and hills less sterile; but no
population ever occupied a country sounder in head
or heart, or more richly endowed with those prin-
ciples which give energy to man, and dignity to
human nature. The influence of qualities like
these will be felt and acknowledged throughout
our Confederacy; whether those who bless it and
pray for jt utter their blessings and their prayers
upon the coast of New England, or the shores of
the Pacific.
We are also told, as a dissuasive against the
prosecution of this war, that we can raise no more
men nor money, and that our exertions must ex-
pire, from the very lassitude of our patriotism.
Our fathers had these difficulties to contcnd with,
m the war of the Revolution, magnified, indeed, a
thousand fold, by the circumstances and the nature
of the contest, and yet they fought on, till they
obtained peace for themselves, and freedom for us,
and founded upon a rock—the rock, I hope, of
ages—this magnificent republican empire. We
heard all this, also, in 1312, and yet, in the face of
it, we conducted that war to a glorious termination.
We heard it all again at the commencement of this
very war, and the time has already past, according
to the prediction of a statesman now present, of
the highest character, supported almost by mathe-
matical calculations, when we were to have neither
men nor money, and when our cause was to fail
from the failure of all the means necessary to sup-
port it. Now, sir, nothing can be worse than to
stop without attaining our object.. If we cannot
raise men,- and cannot raise money, why then we
must stop' But, thank God, we have not,got to
that point yet, nor do I believe we ever shall get
to it. Let us not halt in our course now, simply
for the fear that we may be compelled to halt there
some time or other. Sufficient unto the day is the
evil thereof. Sufficient for the dishonor of this
country will be the time when she will practically
Exhibit her inability to maintain her rights and her
honor.
Why, sir, what was said on this subject during
the session of Congress, on the 25th and 26th of
.January, 1847, one little year ago? Let us look
back for a moment'. The lesson may be a profit-
able one for us all, and certainly an encouraging
one for those who indulge in gloomy forebodings,
and doubt the disposition or capacity of their coun-
try, to augment her exertions as her trials augment.
I hold in my hand extracts from the debates, which
then took place on the subject of the loan. I will
read a few passages, not mentioning, however, the
names of the speakers, as it is not my object to
recall any invidious recollections, but simply to
show the sentiments, which then prevailed, and
how these have been rebuked by the result.
One speaker said:
" The crisis in which they were placed was unprecedent-
ed. They had no adequate revenue, and were going on
without any way of increasing it. He should support this
measure, therefore, fiom necessity, because they could do
nothing else. Yet lie feared it was with evil to the currency
of the country," &c. * * * * «fje predicted it would
occasion a depression of the currency of the whole country
to a most mischievous extent.
"In passing it, they were treasuring up wrath against the
d-.vy of wrath—and that day ot wrath would conn;—and when
it came, he feared they would not be able to stand."
" But it was evident," said another speaker, " that a loan
could not be obtained,"
u A good deal had been said," Mr. Cvss remarked,<c about
the levying of a specific tax, to which he might refer; but
the Administration was lesponsible for the loan. They had
told them they could get it upon terms to which they would
willingly submit.
♦'Mr. E. No.
" Mi. Cass. No, says the honorable gentleman?
il Mr. E. Where do you find it?
Mr. Cass. In the terms'of the call for it by the Adminis-
tration. They might fail to get it, but they had good reason
to expect it. * w " *5 He knewthat, dunngthe progress
oflinaneial difficulties with England, it became neeea*ary
to combine every loan witii a specific tax. Why? Because
that country was overloaded with faxes—m the midst of a
tremendous war—a waraluio?t against the whole civilized
world—and with a debt out of all manner of proportion.
Hence it became necessary for them to resort to the mode
referred lo.
<4 Rut did any man believe that the fdith of tbis nation was
not sufficient to raise the twenty-three millions of dollars?
* * * They had paid off two debts, and they could pay
off another."
A speaker also observed:
" Yet the Senator from Michigan told them merely to pass
this bill, and they would have all the money wanted. * *
* * The gentleman from Florida [Mr. WestcottJ also
thought there was no sort ofdanger, but that the public credit
could raise money enough.}> ,
So much for the prophecies of the last session of
Congress. How they have been fulfilled has now
passed into history, ami yet we hear the same
lugubrious note at the present session, and it was,
I believe, the honorable Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Phelps,] who proved most clearly our finan-
cial imbecility, and his views were adopted by
j other Senators. And we have heard elsewhere,
and from a high quarter too, that a tax " would
wind up this miserable Mexican war in ninety
days." Hinc illaz lachrymw! Tears for taxes, but
none for wounded honor! I trust I shall never live
to see the day, when the American people will
prosecute an unjust war, because they do not feel
its burdens, or abandon a just one, because they
feel or fear its financial pressure.
But I see, by an article in the London Times, of
January 4th, that these cis-Atlantic forebodings are
not the only ones. Our neighbors over the water
record and regret! the appearances, which seem to
them to indicate an approaching exhausted treas-
ury and its consequences, on our future exertions.
That article warns us, as we are warned here, of
the danger of a public debt, and of the taxes, to
which it must lead. And I observe, that a late
Morning Chronicle adopts a similar standard for
our patriotic sacrifices. It thinks that our losses
and the derangement of the financial operations of
the country will prove too much for 14 Jonathan fs
patience;" and that a proposal to increase to a con-
siderable extent, the amount we pay in taxes, will
soon cure us of our warlike mania.
But I mistake the feelings of my countrymen, if
such considerations will deter th^jn from the pros-
ecution of the war, in which we are engaged, if
taxes are necessary, they will bear them. Ad-
vancing as this country is with so rapid a pace in
all the elements of power and prosperity, any debt
it may contract in a necessary war can give no seri-
ous cause of apprehension. I repeat the sentiment
I expressed last session, that 1 do not believe one '
word in the European financial axiom, that new
debts must be secured by new taxes. Our experi-
ence has disproved it. Where nations are station-
ary, and already weighed down with fiscal im-
positions, such a principle may be necessary to the
support of their credit. But in the career opened
to us, where our resources are augmenting in a
geometrical ratio, the credit of the country will be
found sufficient, and its increasing resources will
go far towards the discharge of all its engagements.
As to a debt like that of England, the thing is im-
possible here. It is one of the last dangers, which
threatens us. A people, who govern themselves,
and tax themselves, will never sanction a system
of extravagant and unnecessary expenditures,—a
system which, in England, as a writer in the Edin-
burgh Review observed, very wittily and very tru-
ly, some years since, commences at the cradle, and
going on through all the gradations of society, still
taxing as life advances, finally taxes the tombstone,
—and then dismisses him who sleeps under it, to be
taxed no more. Such are the blessings of a Gov-
ernment separated from the people, and without
proper sympathy for their condition, or responsi-
bility for their own principles.
The other dissuasive reason against the annexa-
tion of territory, to which I have adverted, founded
on our own conduct towards other nations, against
whom we had causes of complaint, amounting to
causes of war, if we had chosen to consider them
j such, was presented by the Senator from Mary-
j land, [Mr. Pearce.] This appeal to the fruits of
! our own pusillanimity has been made before, but
| has never, I think, been so directly prosecuted, as
! by that gentleman in his remarks upon the gen-
| eral subject the other day. And this brings me
i back to his proposition, which 1 have already con-
j sidered, that we have no just cause of war against
! Mexico. In its defence,'in addition to the general
j principle that the right and the " sort of necessity''
should both exist, he added, by way, I suppose, of
illustration, that—
"The President had paraded before us an exaggerated
statement of these claims."
And he proceeds, among other things, to ask—
" If the resistance or neglect to pay on the part of Mexico
is even comparable to that which we have experienced at
the band of stronger nations? And I ask, if it becomes us
to adopt one rule or measure of justmp in regard to a weak
nation, and another rule of rights in rej&rd to a strong and
haughty people?"
I answer, no; emphatically no. We have but
one rule of right or justice for all nations, and that
is, that they fulfill those duties towards us, which
we have a right to ask, and which we, in our turn,
must render. And this is our rule, as well with
England, or France and Mexico, as with San
Marino or Monaco, or the great empire, which
embraces a large portion of Europe and stretches
through Asia to the Frozen Ocean and the Eastern
Sea. The honorable gentleman confounds the
right with the remedy. The one is independent
of circumstances, and the other depends upon our-
selves. Why, his own illustration clearly exhibits
this difference. He says we had causes enough
of war against France and England, and his re-
proach is that these were not followed by war
against the former Power," a great and mighty
people." He says, " and yet we talk of violated
honor;" "and the President rants about our claims
against Mexico." I beg to assure the Senate that
this language is the language of the honorable Sen-
ator, and not mine. I shall never talk about the
ranting of the Chief Magistrate, when he spreads
our public grievances before the representatives of
the people, and thus before the people and the
world; nor shall I ever taunt my country by inti-
mating that her course has been so pusillanimous,
that for her to talk of violated honor is a solemn
farce. But were all this so, it is quite time that
our policy were changed. We axe well chastised
for the want of self-respect we have exhibited, i
