1B48.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
493
we have lost our honor; and if we do not stop in
this career of humiliation, the proclivity will be-
come steeper and steeper, and our descent more
and more rapid, till we shall have neither rights
to assert, nor honor to defend, nor disposition to
do either.
This catalogue raisonnee of our acts of humilia-
tion I have heard before; but never, I think, with
such strong terms of reprobation. Our submission
to the insults of the Neapolitan, the Dane, the
Gaui, and the Anglo-Saxon, is brought befoi'e us,
as it were in staring capitals, and some of the/se
are characterized as—
11 Committed m the wantonness of power—in t?ie very
scorn of our rights—without the slightest justification; and
persisted in, repeated, and boldly defended, with a most
offensive effrontery, and yet endured by this country through
successive administrations from 1806 to 1831."
1 regret, sir, to hear all this; not for its own
sake, tor we have nothing to reproach ourselves
with, but in connection with the subject ftefore us.
1 regret to hear, that too much forbearance—if too
much there was, as the gentleman seems to inti-
mate—is now made the pretext for more; that we
must suffer from Mexico because we have suffered
from others, and that we must go on thus inter-
minably, exposed to the attacks of the strong and
the weak, and to the contempt of all.
But, sir, the people of this country have never
been deficient in patriotism or national pride. Du-
ring the period when these aggressions, to which
the honorable gentleman alludes, were committed,
the moral and political''world was in commotion,
the foundations of society in Europe were uproot-
ed, and a mighty revolution was sweeping over
that region, which occasioned greater changes m
the world, than did the five preceding centuries.
Tremendous military establishments were formed,
..and the mle of might became the rule of right.
These injuries commenced under the administra-
tion of General Washington, and were continued
through the administrations of Mr. Adams, and
Mr. Jefferson, and Mr. Madison; but their prin-
cipal weight fell upon us during the Presidency of
Mr. Jefferson, and a portion of that of Mr. Madi-
son. And everlasting honor is due to those two
eminent patriots and statesmen for the firm, pru-
dent, and dignified course they pursued under the
trying and perilous circumstances, in which they
and their country were placed. History has set
its seal upon their measures, and in all time here-
after, their memory will be held in honor'by a
grateful people.
But, sir, we went to war with France in 1798,
and with England in 1812, two of the mightiest
Powers on earth, and with immense military estab-
lishments at their disposal, till then unknown in
modern times. And it was the conviction in France
that the firm character and decided course of Gen-
eral Jackson, and the responsive feeling of the
American people, would lead to a war with that
country, if justice was not done us, and not the in-
terference of England, which produced the arrange-
ment of 1830, and its execution, by which our
chapter of complaints against France was closed,
and I hope forever.
Here, sir, were two wars within fifteen years,
and both prosecuted, when we were comparatively
feeble in numbers, in strength, and in wealth, and
a third barely avoided by the satisfaction of our
claims. Now, sir, I deny that we are justly liable
to the reproach of pusillanimity, or that we have
forfeited our claim to talk of violated honor. Or,
that Mexico, or any one for Mexico, in this coun-
try or elsewhere, has a right to say, you had es-
tablished your character for tame submission, and
you have therefore no right to ask indemnity of
me for wrongs such as you have suffered from
others, and which your own forbearance in former
years induced me to refuse.
There are two incidents, episodes I may call
them, in the great action going on, which, though
they neither give direction to its movement, nor
certainty to its termination, are yet worthy of re-
mark, as they exhibit, if not the faults of the Ad-
ministration, at any rate the facility with which
their measures are assailed. One of these charges
1 have never heard, I confess it, with becominggrav-
ity. The other is new, or at any rate new to me,
and has been presented by the Senator from Mary*
land, [Mr. Johnson-,] with his accustomed ability,
which sometimes makes " the wrong appear the
better reason/' I shall content myself with touch-
ing, rather than considering them.
One great grievance alleged by the Mexican
Government, and repeated here, and one for which
our minister was rudely driven from the republic,
is, that we sent her a plenipotentiary and not a
commissioner, fo effect an amicable arrangement
of the difficulties between the two countries.
Really, sir, in the whole history of national inter-
communication, no such frivolous reason as this
was ever given for involving two countries in war,
that a higher grade of diplomatic agent was sent
by one Power than the other demanded. The
reverse may have happened when the most idle
questions were grave subjects of investigation and
remonstrance. Mexico must have had few sub-
stantial causes of complaint, and the opponents of
the Administration few just grounds of animadver-
sion, when such a measure assumes a'n important
position in their respective lists of grievances. But
how stands the fact? Anxious to restore the diplo-
matic relations between the two countries, which
had been interrupted by the Mexican Government,
the President directed that our consul (Mr. Black)
should communicate this desire to the Mexican
authorities, and say to them, that if they " would
« receive an envoy from the United States to adjust
* all the questions in dispute between the two coun-
' tries, he will immediately despatch one to Mex-
To this proposition the Mexican Secretary of
State answered:
(e My Govern mentis disposed to receive the commihioner
of the United Suites who may come to tlii* capital with full
powers fiom his Government to settle the present dispute in
a peaceful, reasonable, and honorable manner."
Here is the acceptance of the proposition, and
the agreement to receive the commissioner whom
the Government of the United States proposed to
send, under the title of envoy " to settle the pres-
ent dispute." Well, the envoy was sent, com-
missioned for this very purpose, and when he
arrived he was refused recognition, because he came
as an envoy, and because his powers extended to
the adjustment of the whole dispute between the
two countries, and were not confined to " ques-
! tions relative to Texas." As to the mere title, it
does not merit a moment's serious consideration.
was "an afterthought, a subterfuge, resorted to
in order to justify what the Mexican Government
was determined to do, but whatit was easier to do
than to defend. It is evident that our proposition
was accepted as made, and that envoy and com-
missioner were but convertible terms. This is
shown by the letter of the Mexican Secretary of
State to Mr. Slidell, in which he says:
"That the single word "restore" is by no means suffi-
cient to give to Mr. Slidell the special character of commis-
sioner or plenipotentiary ad hoc.7'
But Mr. Slidell had too much power; or, in other
words, he was charged to settle the whole contro-
versy between the two countries, and not the Mex-
ican portion of it alone. And was not this arrange-
ment in the very terms of the proposition and its
acceptance? We desire to send you an envoy,
says Mr. Buchanan, to adjust all the questions in
dispute between the two Governments. We will
receive your commissioner, answers Mr. Pena y
Peila, charged "to settle the present dispute" be-
tween your country and ours. Well, what was
this dispute? It had two sides to it, like most
other disputes, public and private. We com-
plained that Mexico had injured our citizens, and
she complained that we had annexed Texas. And
the dispute was made up of these causes of com-
plaint. Could the Mexican Government be so
besotted as to suppose, that theUniled States would
adjust her side of the quarrel and leave their own
unadjusted ? That we should be willing to do
something, I know not what, by which Mexico
would agree to the annexation or we abandon it,
and thus satisfy her cause of complaint, and then
turn round and enter upon another negotiation of
twenty-five years to satisfy our own ? If our Ad-
ministration had acted thus, they would have met
and merited universal execration. And now the
great cause of grievance with our adversary is, that
though we were willing to do her justice, yet we
required at the same time, that justice should be
done to us.
And one of our most eminent living statesmen—
a connecting link between the present and the past
generation—has not only endeavored to place Mex-
ico right, and his adopted country wrong, upon this,
as well as upofi other questions at issue with her, but
has elaborately discussed it, and given to his sen-
timents—which have been widely disseminated by
party zeal and the public press—the authority of
nis name. - -
In his remarks upon this subject, as Mr. Galla-
tin commences with an error, it is not -surprising
that he ends with one. He says: "The Mexican
Government insisted, that it only agreed to receive
a commissioner to treat on the questions that had
arisen from the events in Texas," &c. This as-
sumption of the Mexican Secretary of State, which
Mr. Gallatin endorses—as he must endorse it, in
Order to place his own Government in the wrong,
for which he seems td have powerful, if not patri-
otic propensities—is contradicted by Mr. Pefia y-
Pena's letter to Mr. Black, in which he says, ex-
pressly, that the commissioner of the United States,
coming " to settle the present dispute," will be .
received by the Mexican Government. In the
whole letter, which pledged the Mexican faith to
the reception of the minister, there was no alluskfti,
direct or indirect, to " the questions which had
"arisen from the events in Texas." So much for
the substance of the charge.
Mr. Gallatin discusses the question of etiquette—
as this finally descends to be—with more zeal and
unction than would have been expected from a cola-
borer with Jefferson and Madison in the republican
vineyard. He says that treaties of peace are always
negotiated by commissioners, appointed for that
special purpose. If this were so, it would not touch
the present case; for Mexico had then neither de-
clared war, nor committed any act necessarily lead-
ing to it. But it is not so, and Mr. Gallatin ought
to have known it. He ought to have known that
he was appointed an envoy extraordinary and min-
ister plenipotentiary, with four other eminent citi-
zens, in 1814, to negotiate a treaty of peace with
England. They are thus designated in the treaty
itself; and I have actually seen the record of their
commission in the Department of State. He ought
to have known, that the very treaty of peace be-
tween France and Great Britain in 1783, which he
cites and asserts was negotiated by commissioners,
was, in fact, negotiated by the Duke of Manches-
ter, as ambassador extraordinary and minister
plenipotentiary," &c.; and that the preliminary
treaty between the same Powers was negotiated in
1762, by the Duke of Bedford, " minister plenipo-
tentiary and that in the full powers from our
Congress, dated June 15, 1781, the persons ap-
pointed to negotiate a treaty of peace with England
are styled "ministers plenipotentiary," &c.; and
he ought to *have known that modern history is
filled with similar examples.
But, sir, while the Government has been assailed,
at home, upon this point of diplomatic etiquette, rt
has been redeemed, abroad, from all blame by the
publication of the letter of General Herrera, writ-
ten on the 25th of August last, in answer to an
application from Santa Anna inviting him to act as
a commissioner to treat for peace with the United
States. " For no other act than showing that there
* would be no obstacle to his (Mr. Slidell's) pre-
* senling himself, and having his propositions
4 heard, my administration was calumniated in the
* most atrocious manner.^- For this act alone, the
* revolution which displaced me from the com-
< mand was set on foot.*' I need add nothing to
this declaration of the Ex-President of Mexico.
I leave the question between Mr. Gallatin and
General Herrera.
The other objection, which I have classed as an
episode is, that of the two alternative propositions,
which the President was authorized to offer to
Texas, he chose the one, which committed the
United States to admit her into the Union, with-
out any specific provision*, that her boundaries
should be established, subject to the control of the
General Government.
In the first place, sir, the present Administra-
tion was not then in power, and is not responsible
for the choice of the mode of procedure.- The
offer was made by Mr. Tyler before the expira-
tion of his term of service. . .
Iq the second place, the power of decision was
purely discretionary, and if the President was
wrong in selecting that alternative, Congress was
wrong in giving hrm the power to do so.
In The third place, a reasonable ^creuon must
necessarily exist in Congress_on thiyubject and
if that body is clearly satisfied, that Texas claims
more than she has any right to claim, I see noth-
ing in the act of annexation, which would compel
thl Government, to involve the country m an un-
just war to defend an unjust claim.
