498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
necessary, application would have been made to
Congress for authority.' ,
Mr. DAVIS. The whole case is matter of
reeowl; and we knoft- as well as the actors in it,
that our navy did stand off and on the coast, look-
ing into Mexican harbors, to keep our Government
adviSed of any hostile movements, and be prepared
to act, if necessary, for the protection of Texas.
For the like purpose, a large portion of our army
was concentrated upon the border, and put in
correspondence with the President of Texas. The
Senator from South Carolina, then Secretary of
State, communicated* to the Texan Government
this disposition of our land and naval forces, and
announced it to be the purpose of the President, as
a duty under the then existing circumstances, to
use all his constitutional power to protect Texas
from foreign invasion. If the whole power to
grant the protection thus offered, consisted in ask-
ing for authority by an act of Congress, it was a
promise lik.ely to be filled with hope deferred. In
view of the delays which would probably have
attended the passage of such an act, what justifi-
cation can there be for so early a movement of the
army and navy to the immediate proximity of an-
ticipated operations. Does the Senator deny the
power of the President to order the army into any
part of the United States?
Mr. CALHOUN. He has no right to order it
into disputed territory.
Mr. DAVIS. What! shall a foreign Power
dispute our territorial limits—refuse to settle the
boundary by negotiation—seize, by force, territory
rightfully ours, and our Executive stand powerless
by and see the enemy gain the advantage of occu-
pying all the commanding positions of the coun-
try. This would be an alluring invitation to every
coterminous Power to select their opportunity and
dispute our boundary. At another time, during
the recess of Congress, according to the Senator's
general position, the territory thus disputed could
be seized with entire safety. Upon the question
of the northeastern boundary, to which the Sena-
tor alluded, my recollections are different from his.
I think by both the Committee on Military Affairs
and by the Committee on Foreign Relations re-
ports were made at the time, recognizing the power
of the Executive to use the military force of the
country—to call out the militia—to protect the ter-
ritory claimed by Maine from hostile invasion, or
an attempt by military force to exercise exclusive
jurisdiction within the disputed territory. But I
was about to say, when I yielded to the honorable
Senator, that after Texas became a part of the
American Union, and we failed by negotiation to
adjust the boundary with Mexico, the question
became closed against us, and the United States
had no other mode by which to determine the ter-
ritory of Texas, than by reference to her limits, as
defined before annexation to the United States; all
which having been asserted and maintained, we
were bound to insist on and defend from forcible
seizure. By annexation, Texas lost the power to
negotiate or to carry on the war; and coextensive
with this surrender were the obligations imposed
upon the United States. The President did what
every man of patriotic impulses will say he should
havedojje—afford to Texas that protection which a
State had the right to demand; and in ordering the
army to the Rio Grande, he did no more than
might have been done in the case of the northeast-
ern boundary, when that was an open question.
But the Senator has laid down the position that
this was done to intimidate Mexico. Wot so. Our
army was encamped at Corpus ChrisCi, which had
been made a port of entry. Was that, then, in
the disputed territory? Where was the disputed
territory? Mcxico claimed up to the Sabine. She
has continued to assert that claim; and any inter-
mediate line between the Sabine and the Rio
Grande, is of our suggestion, and not of Mexican
origin. When, at a recent period, Santa Anna
returned to Mexico, he,promised to restore the
severed territory of Texas, and to gather laurels on
the banks of the Sabine, and lay them at the feet of'
the Supreme Government. A right to the whole
of Texas, a determination to restore it to Mexico
has,-by her soldiers and her statesmen, been unil
formly asserted—adhered to with the pertinacity
characteristic of the Spanish race. The whole of
Texas, then, was included in this disputed terri-
tory, and if the President had 110 right to march
the army to the Rio Grande, he had no right to
order it across the Sabine. Mexico claimed the i
whole of Texas. In the controversy on the part
of Mexico the question was not whether the Nue-
ces or the Rio Grande was the boundary, but
whether Texas was a part of the United States or
not. Upon the part of the United States that ques-
tion was closed, forever closed. Before her army
was ordered into the territory of Texas, nothing
was open but the adjustment of boundary. This
was sought by negotiation with Mexico, and our
advances' were insultingly repelled. That the
boundary of revolutionary Texas was the Rio
Grande—at least the lower part of that river—has
been too often-and too conclusively demonstrated
to require more than a passing jiotice. Without
adverling to the mass of evidence which has been
presented here on other occasions, I will refer only
to that on which I mainly rely. After the battle
of San Jacinto, and when Santa Anna was a pris-
oner in the hands of the Texans, General Filisola,
commanding the Mexican army, wrote to his Gov-
ernment, communicating the fact of President Santa
AnnaJs capture, and giving the saddest account of
the condition of the troops under his command.
The President ad interim, replied, and gave the
General authority to do whatever should be neces-
sary to procure the release of the captive President,
and to save his troops and munitions of war.
These results were obtained by treaty. General
Filisola was one of the parties to that treaty, and
the consideration given to Texas for the vast ben-
efits thus secured was the recognition of the Rio
Grande as a boundary, and the immediate with-
drawal of all Mexican' troops beyond it. It is true
this treaty was never formally ratified by Mexico,
but feving obtained the full benefit of all its stipu-
lations, I submit whether the moral obligation was
not complete henceforth and forever to recognize
the Rio Grande as the true boundary. That is the
only argument on_which I have ever found it ne-
cessary to rest this point.
Not being a lawyer, I will not attempt to discuss
a legal question with the eminent jurist on the
other side of the Chamber, [Mr. Webster,] but
cannot forbear from expressing my surprise at the
view which he, in connection with the distin-
guished Senator on this side of the Chamber, [Mr.
Calhoun,] takes of the legitimate rights of our
army when invading a foreign country. They
would restrain our army from the moment it en-
ters a hostile country, so as to prevent it from
availing itself of any of the public funds—they
would restrict it to such contributions as they
might wrina; from the citizens. Now, one of the
evidences of the advancement of civilization in the
conduct of war has been seen in that very pro-
cedure 611 the part of an army which these distin-
guished Senators condemn. Instead of wringing
from poverty, from the agricultural citizen, the
means of maintenance, our army have seized only
upon the public resources of the country, and have
thus illustrated the intelligence, the chivalry, and
humanity of the American people.
The Senators contend that legislation is neces-
sary to appropriate (he public revenues of Mexico
to the maintenance of our army, whilst they admit
the right to seize private property for its us-e. Sir,
I had thought our war was waged against the gen-
eral government of Mexico, and that our policy wds
as far as possible to relieve the peaceful population
from the ordinary sufferings of war. Sir, 1 am at
a loss to conceive how we could properly legislate
upon a country which had not been conqueied—
for a people in open war against us—or how the
laws, if enacted, could be properly executed under
such circumstances. The foreign government must
have been displaced by our arms, before there was
space for our legislative and judicial departments
to flow in; and the roar of those arms rmist have
been hushed, before thevoiee of the lawgiver could
be heard. The Constitution of the United States
makes provision for the organization and mainte-
nance of our army and navy, and for calling out
the militia by legislative enactments. It makes the
President the commander-in-chief of the army and
navy, and the militia, when called into service.
Congress declared that war existed. It passed
laws for raising men and money. The President,
as commander-in-chief, assumed the command of
the army; and, as has been stated by the Senator
from Michigan, from that moment all the rights
which appertain to a state of war, attached to the
army. The exercise of legislative rights only fol-
lows when Congress takes possession of a con-
quered country. Up to that point nothing but the
power of the Executive department flows in. The
power belongs not to the President meiely, but to
the Executive department; and, without orders
from the President, every officer in the army could
exercise it. The right is conferred by war, and
the only difference between the action of our army
and that of any other, has consisted in this, that
ours has demanded less, and taken nothing by
force. It has not committed pillage. The gov-
ernment opposed to us has been deprived of power,
and the resources by which it was sustained natu-
rally flowed to the army which tools the country
and people in charge. In laying duties—in collect-
ing taxes, they have collected but a portion of the
revenue which would have flowed to the Mexican
Government if it had not been displaced by our
arms. Both could not exist together. Such is the
plain, common sense view of the matter. The
legal view I must leave to others. The honorable
Senator from South Carolina fears that if thePresi-
dent exercise this power, immense abuses may
follpw—that armies may be raised, and treaties
may be made with other countries; and that, he
says, would be in violation of the Constitution of
the United States. The Constitution of the United
States is a temple, gradually extending itself, and
covering acre after acre, State after State, spanning
rivers and mountains, but not yet gone to foreign
lands. It is still limited to the United States. It
cannot be violated in Mexico. It does not extend-
to Mexico, and God forbid it ever should I It is
the Constitution of our own Union and our own
people, and none but territory annexed to our
Union can claim to be under that Constitution. If
the President has violated the Constitution, in the
progress of this war, you must prove that he has
failed to comply with the law which declared the
war and authorized him to prosecute it, giving him
men and money for that purpose. Until that be
shown, the President cannot have violated any
provision of the Constitution in Mexico.
But the main purpose for which I rose, sir, was
to speak of the effect of the passage of this bill in
Mexico. We had information from a special agent
sent to Mexico'in 1844 that heiiad commenced pre-
liminaries, and had the prospect of a settlement by
negotiation, of all the difficulties then pending. On
the fourth day after the negotiation had been open-
ed, two celebrated letters published m that year
reached Mexico. One dated at Raleigh, and the
other at Lindenwold. On the arrival of these let-
ters, forwarded, it is said by the Mexican minister
at Washington City, the negotiation was imme-
diately suspended. Again, Mexico probably in-
tended to enter into a negotiation for the settlement
of the questions then in dispute, when Mr. Black
received intimation, in the terms so often referred
to here, of a willingness on the part of Mexico to
receive a commissioner; though I think that there
has been altogether a misunderstanding of the lan-
guage in which the note was written. Commission-
ado was the term employed, meaning one commis-
sioned, empowered to settle the question in dispute.
Now, they may have meant no other questions
than those growingout of the annexation of Texas;
but, as the Senator from Michigan remarked, they
sought refuge 111 the subteifuge of the disunion
between the terms "minister" and "commission-
er," and thus evaded the obligation of the contract
into which they had voluntarily entered. And
why? Because, at that time a controversy had
arisen with regard to the boundary m Oregon.
The Mexicans then cherished the hope that theie
would be war between this country and England,
and that, with the latter as an ally, they would be
able to regain Texas. The old hope was thus re-
vived. They refused to enter into negotiations.
And now, if they have their hopes revived again
with the prospect of a refusal here to supply men
and money to prosecute the war, they will again
reject negotiations in the expectation that a'new
administration may come into power in the United
States more favorable to them. If we change the
policy which ive have heretofoiepursued, there can
be no doubt they will refuse to ratify the treaty.
. In ourintercoursewith Mexico,if we have erred,
it has been in undue consideration and misplaced
leniency. For a long term of years we have borne
national insult, and left unredressed the personal
outrages and pecuniary injuries done to our citi-
zens by Mexico. Wc have passed unnoticed the
offences repeatedly offeied m their official corre-
spondence; it was the strong rendered patient, with
the captiousness of the weak, by the consciousness
