1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
499
of his ability to punish. This course, so long ob-
served by our Government, has surely not been
departed from by the present Administration.
I cannot conceive, sir, how the President could
have exhibited greater forbearance towards Mex-
ico. He sent out a minister to treat with her on
the first intimation of any desire on her part to
enter into a negotiation for the purpose of restoring
amicable relations. Acting, in the forbearing and
friendly spirit of the power, who had taken that
infant republic by the hand when it first essayed
to walk, we studiously-avoided collision. Collis-
ion, however, from the causes to which I have
alluded, became at last inevitable. Yet it is gravely
asserted, that the President had determined to ex-
tend the territory of the United States to the Rio
Grande, ({ peaceably if he could, forcibly if he
must;'' most certainly not to extend the territory
of the United States, but to settle the question of
boundary; and had we been the aggressive party,
as it has been alleged—had we been reckless of the
feelings, rights, and interests of Mexico, we cer-
tainly never should have incorporated a provision
in the terms of annexation, securing to us the right
of settling the limits of Texas—that was done to
guard against the possibility of a collision with
Mexico; we did not adopt the extreme claims of
Texas, but reserved to ourselves the right to settle
the question of boundary. Nothing could have
been done more indicative of the friendly spirit
•which we entertained towards Mcxico.
At this late hour, I certainly shall not attempt to
enlarge; but I must lake occasion to say, that I do
not think that Mexico is about to cede any terri-
tory to the United States; I think that we are
about to retrocede territory'to Mexico. I hold
that in a just war we conquered a larger portion of
Mexico, and that to it we have a title which has
been regarded as valid ever since man existed in a
social condition—the title of conquest. It seems
to me that die question now is, how much we shall
keep, how much we shall give up, and that Mex-
ico cedes nothing.
Mr. WEBSTER was understood to inquire if
that view was in accordance with the terms of the
paper?
Mr. DAVIS. I have seen'papers in English
and Spanish, and I think in none was the term
cede employed. As a moralis't I would not under-
take to defend the seizure of country from the.in-
habitants, but the question was settled long hefo're
the oldest member of the Senate entered it. These
very Mexican people settled it when they conquer-
ed the ancient Aztecs. If they had the right to I
take the territory from that people, who did not !
cultivate it, the argument is equally good against |
them now. They produce little to that which the j
country is capable of yielding; and year by year i
the amount is .steadily decreasing. The country is !
going to waste, villages are depopulated, fields \
once highly pioduetive in all that nature in her
bounty yielded to the industry of man, now lie j
uncultivated, and marked only by the remains of |
the irrigatory ditches by which they were formerly j
" watered. The exuberant wealth of Mexico once i
flowed out to sustain the American colonies-of
Spain—the governments of Louisiana and Florida
received contiibutions from her. Turn, now, and
contemplate the change which the difference of
government has wrought, and tell me whether all
the arguments of utilitarianism and of humanity
may not now be more successfully applied to the
Mexican than by them against the Aztec popula-
tion.
The Senator says this war is "odious." Odious!
Odious for what? On account of the skill and gal-
lantry with which it has been conducted ? Or is it
because of the humanity, the morality, the mag-
nanimous clemency which has marked its execu-
tion? Odious 1 Why, in any newspaper which*!
take up, i find notices of large assemblages of the
people gathered together to do honor to the remains
of some dead soldier brought back from Mexico;
or around the festive board to greet the return of
gome gallant member of the army The conduct-
ors of the press, without distinction of party, ex-
press the highest approbation of the conduct of the
army. Where is the odium? What portion of
our population is infected with it? From what
cause does it arise ' It cannot be on account of
the origin of the war, the extraordinary unanimity
with which it was declared by both Houses of
Congress, the eagerness with which our citizens
pressed to the service, forbid that conclusion. A
long and unbroken succession of victories has
satiated the public appetite for military triumph.
There may be a surfeit, for more has been offered
than needed for a feast. An over anxiety for im-
mediate peace is the natural result; with this I
sympathize; beyond this I am not prepared to be-
lieve the popular feeling of the country extends.
We have cause to be proud of the record this
war will leave behind it—a monument more lasting
than brass. We, the actors of to-day, must soon
crumble to dust; the institutions we now maintain,
and hope will be perpetual, may pass away; the
Republic may sink in the ocean of time, and the
tide of human events roll unbroken over its grave;
but the events of this war will live in the nistory
of our country and our race, affording, in all a^es
to come, proof of the high state of civilization
amongst the people who conducted it—proof of the
intelligence which pervaded the rank and file who
fought its battles—proof of the resources of such
a Government as ours, wholly unembarrassed in
the midstof war, conqueringonenation and feeding
another! Where, sir, are the evidences of evil
brought upon us by this " odious" war? Where
can you point to any inroad upon our prosperity,
public or private, industrial, commercial, or finan-
cial, which can be, in any degree, attributed to-the
prosecution of this war? All that is yet to be
shown, and I confidently await the issue.
Mr. WESTCOTT then addressed the Senate in
favor of the bill, on the ground that, in his judg-
ment, there was not a reasonable expectation of a
treaty of peace. [This speech will be given in the
Appendix.] ,
Mr. BUTLER. As I perceive that the Senate
is determined to refuse to modify the bill—for they
have already decided, by quite a large majority,
that these troops shall be uiised—I have nothing
further to say in regard to that matter, beyond this
one-remark: I wish the Senate distinctly to under-
stand, that if this bill pass the other House, it will
not be passed as a bill for organizing ten regiments,
with the complement of officers which belongs to
such a force. The simple proposition that I made
was, to add thirty men-to each company, or three
hundred to each regiment, of the present army.
It has not been the pleasure of the Senate to adopt
my amendment to recommit the bill; and I ask the
Senate to take notice, that that will be the form in
which the troops will be raised. The action of the
Senate itself will have the effect of influencing the
House to ingraft such an amendment.
Mr. CLAYTON. 1 desire the attention of the
Senate for a short time, although, but. for the re-
marks of the honorable Senator from Michigan, I
should hardly have thought it necessary to trouble
the Senate any further. Cut before I proceed to
reply to that Senator, I must be allowed to say,
that I was foicibly struck by the remarks of the
! honorable Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Daws]
] with regard to the conduct of Mexico since this
armistice was proclaimed. It is shown that there
is an armistice existing, which is to last at least
two months, in order to afford time for negotia-
tions. In this state of the case, the Senator from
Mississippi says that he has received a letter from
a friend, whom he fully accredits, in Mexico, sta-
ting the fact which we have seen announced in the
public prints—that the country between Mexico
]j and Vera Cruz is filled with guerrilleros, and that,
j| though the armistice has been proclaimed, the war
still rages. Sir, this fact is a pregnant one. It
■ proves to us—what 1 have stated before—that that
■ i Government has not the power to enforce obe-
li dience to its will.' No one doubts that they who
li have negotiated have acted in good faith, and that
i| they are desirous of restraining these guerrilleros,
lj and that, so far as they have the power, they will do
! so; but it is impossible for them to restrain them:
!; and what is the inference? Why, that whether the
j: treaty is ratified or not, when your army returns,
ji your peace will not be a secure one. It seems to
■' me that these facts show us irresistibly that the
;! conclusion of the honorable Senator from South
i! Carolina is the correct one, that the only mode of
j: obtaining a permanent peace is to withdraw to a
line and defend it. We can defend it as well with-
I out a treaty as with it. If there is no government
J: in Mexico which can compel these guerrilleros to
II ob.ey, what are we to do? Would it not have been
'j far better if we had taken the advice of the honor-
ij able Senator long ago ? We may be compelled to
S do so yet. In that case, there is no doubt we have
I' troops enough already in Mcxico for the defence
of the line, though perhaps not enough for " over-
running the whole country, capturing every town
and province, and keeping thfe government in per-
petual motion." It is evident, from tlie report of
the Adjutant General, that we have troops enough
there to keep this line, which seems to be our in-
evitable destiny in the end, if the information oT
the honorable Senator from Mississippi be correct.
Now, a word to the honorable Senator from
Michigan. In the course of my remarks some time
ago, to which the honorable Senator has replied to-
day, I did say, that I thought he put himself in
the position of the champion of the Administration,
but I did. not use the term in an offensive sense.
He has this day proved himself the champion, the
very Ajax. Telemon, of his party. The honorable
Senator, in the opening speech on this bill, intima-
ted to us that the whole course of the Government,
in the conduct of this war, was impregnable; that
if it were attacked, the assault could be easily met
and as easily repelled. I noticed this remark of the
honorable Senator at the time, and to avoid all mis-
take, I quoted from his speech verbatim et literatim,
in his hearing. I drew the inference, *tnd so said
that the champion of the Administration had
thrown his gauntlet at our feet, that he had defied
us to show a single instance in which the conduct
of the Administration was not impregnable. Sir,
I, as one of the humblest of the Senators defied,
dared to take the gauntlet up, and proceeded to
direct his attention to a set of facts, calling for his
defence. I referred to the conduct of Santa Anna,
as the murderer of our people at Goliad and the
Alamo. This, I think, was of itself enough to
satisfy Mr. Polk, and every one of the character of
that man. I then proceeded to ask the Senator
from Michigan, why the President, on the day on
which this war commenced, admitted this same
Santa Anna into Mcxico by special order, with all
his sins upon his head—the consequence of which
admission has been, that we have been compelled
to fight thousands and tens of thousands of Mexi-
cans, who never would have rallied under any other
leader. And now, as the honorable Senator from
Mississippi said to-night, this same Santa Anna,
instead of leaving Mexico, is rallying his bands,
not only of guerrilleros, but of regular forces, for
another attack upon us. And if this information
be correct, there is no reason on our part to believe,
so long as he remains in Mexico, there will be any
permanent peace. Who, then, is to blame for all
this? The Administration: the President. ,And I
called the Senator from Michigan to defend them
from this charge, if their conduct was impregnable,
and so easily defended. Well, what has he done?
Why, he tells me to-day, in a speech which he
made, closing the debate upon this bill, that I have
done him wrong in calling h:m the champion of
the Adrmnistiation; and instead of exonerating the
President from this charge, the champion is totally
silent on the subject. We have heard some dozen
speeches on that side of the Chamber in defence of
the Executive, and though we are told that the
conduct of the Administration is impregnable and
easily defended, not one of the gentlemen who have
spoken has condescended to notice the matter at
all. The-Senator from Michigan says he is not
the champion. Now, I appeal to the Senate if he
did not, in effect, blow a trumpet to invite an an-
tagonist into the field, and when I met him there,
if he did not lay down his arms and beat a retreat.
Again: I charged upon trie Administration that
they caused the troops to be withdrawn from Gen-
eral Taylor, whilst on the eve of the battle of Buena
Vista, arid when Santa Anna stood in his front,
with twenty thousand of the best troops of Mex-
ico, leaving him barely about a quarter of the num-
ber opposed to him. I also adverted to the failure
to supply General Scott with troops while at Pueb-
la, though he lepeatedly entreated tiuops and mu-
nitions of war; so that, finally, that great captain
was obliged to enter the city of Mexico with less
than six thousand men. True, he, like General
Taylor, was successful, on all occasions, against
fearful odds; yet I arraigned the conduct of the A -
ministration for exposing both these genei a s
embarrassments with which they weie 0
contend by reason of these acts, whi s a J
course would have saved the lives ofthou^Bof
our people. But to ail this there has been no reply.
There was another subject bn which the honor-
able Senator did me the honor to offer a reply to
some remarks of mine. I had said, in the course
of the debate, that the President has, in his annual
