500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
message, distinctly announced a new position-, that
he ha<F attempted to negotiate, nnd had stated his
ultimatum, which had been refused; and that noth-
ing remained but to conquer Mexico. All know
that I was the advocate of supplies to the army. 1
voted them on all occasions; but when the Presi-
dent took up this position, and avowed that his
object was conquest, I said I would go no further,
and 1 slated some cases to justify myself in this
determination. Amongst other things, I put the
case of a man who had money due him, who met
his debtor on the highway, and demanded of him,
presenting at the same time a pistol to his breast,
that he should surrender to him a deed of his farm,
v though it was worth far more than the debt. This
I designated by the term which anybody would
ai>plv to the transaction. The honorable Senator
does not deny the analogy or the justice of the
view which I took in reference to private individ-
uals. I know that he would' be the last man who
would undertake to justify such an attempt to de-
spoil his neighbor.
Mr. FOOXE. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to say that I understood the Senatorfrom Mich-
igan as denying the analogy,
Mr. CLAYTON. The Senator from Michigan
is present. He can answer for himself.
Mr. CASS. I did say, the honorable Senator
will recollect, that 1 considered the analogy to be
false. I use the term logically, and not in its ethical
sense. ( said analogies were dangerous things. .
Mr. CLAYTON. Well, "analogies are dan-
gerous things." „ Let us see now how the matter
stands, and wherein this analogy is false. The
President said that he was constrained to give up
the idea of negotiating, and that more forces rnusi
he sent, in order to compel them to sign a treaty
coding to us New Mexico and California. The
Mexicans owed us money for certain chums held
by our citizens, the amount of which was admitted
to be vastly below the value of the territory de-
manded. Here, then, is the case of a nation de-
manding a cession of territory which is worth
much more than the debt due to that nation, and
demanding it at the mouth of "the cannon—" co-
ercing" acquiescence, to use the language of the
Piesnlem. Now what is the reply of the Senator
from Michigan? The only answer is, that nations
are not like individuals; that there is no reasoning
by analogy from the case which I have put of the
individual, to that of a nation. Why not? The
honorable Senator says, because an individual is
answerable to a tribunal or an umpire, and that a
nation is not. Let us look a little into this matter.
The private individual does not commit highway
robbery because, forsooth, there is a court which
will punish him, whilst a nation is responsible to
no human tribunal—to no umpire, and therefore
the analogy, as the honorable Senator says, is
" false." Now, is this true ? Is it true, that states-
men, legislating for a nation, are answerable to no
tribunal? I thought there was such a thing as the
Jaw of nations—a code recognized by all the civil-
ized world, by which the conduct of nations is
governed—I thought that statesmen legislating for
u nation were as much bound by rules of mo-
rality—were as much bound to observe integrity
of conduct in acting for the nation as in acting in-
dividually. I thought that honor was worth as
much to a nation as land or money, and as I would
not despoil my ncighboi*of his property, so I would
not place my country in a position to be accuscd
of a similar act. But the honorable Senator, who
"would scorn to do this m his private capacity, jus-
tifies it as the act of a nation ! Is there no such
thing to govern us as conscience, when acting as
public men? How will the honorable Senator
satisfy ins own heart when it charges him with co-
operating with others in an act which will produce
the result of lowering the character of a nation ? If
that heart should hereafter leproach him with in-
justice, and swell with remorse, he may follow the
advice of the fool to Lear, (( Cry to it, nuncle, as
the cockney did to the eels, when she put them i'
the paste alive; she rapp'd 'em o'the coxcombs
with a stick, and cry'd, 1 down, wantons, down!' "
He may stille his conscience in that way, if he
can.
Mr. President, I have felt warmly on this sub-
ject, because the honor of my country is as dear
to me as my own individual honor. I would do
nothing that was calculated to tarnish it; on the
contrary, I would do everything to suslam that
high character for integrity and morality winch
was sustained so nobly by the fathers of the repub-
lic. I regard that as of more value than would be
all the wealth of the mines of Golconda, and all
the military glory which could be gained for cen-
turies to come.-
There are many other points to which I would
be glad to advert, but the lateness of the hour ad-
monishes me that I should no longer trespass upon
the patience of the Senate.
Mr. CASS. I really wasnof aware, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the honorable Senator from Delaware
considered any remarks from me upon the subject
of Santa Anna's return, as a matter of the least
importance. The President himself, in his mes-
sage, had placed that question, I thought, upon
impregnable grounds. If had not done so, the
Senator from Delaware was as capable as any other
person of showing the failure. This he lias not
d*>ne. I will observe, however, sir, for the conso-
lation of the honorable Senator, and of all who
have made the return of Santa Anna^a peculiar
cause of grief, that he has proved himself the best
Mexican general for us that could possibly have
been selected; and that if he had been nominated
to the Senate, and we had foreseen the result, he
would have been confirmed unanimously. He has
been defeated in every battle he fought, lost every
place he attempted to hold, and is now a wanderer,
j without power or influence, having seen his coun-
j try overrun, its armies dispersed, its government
j a fugitive, and a large portion of its population re-
| duced to subjection. I do not believe that another
| Mexican general could have been found who would
| have lost more battles, abandoned more positions,
| or fled with more ignominies.
! Mr. CLAYTON. I only wish to say, in reply
j to the gentleman, that Santa Anna has proved him-
j self beyond all doubt to be the best general for
| them that the Mexicans could have had. The fact
| that he was defeated by such men as Taylor and
j Scott, is no proof that he was not the best of the
j Mexican generals. Sir, who else could have ral-
| lied the thousands of Mexicans who marched un-
j der his banner? Who, since he has disappeared
I from the theatre of action in Mexico, has been
i able to rally a single regiment? No man. And
j now, when we hoar to-night for the first time, that
I troops aie again about to be raised, we find Santa
! Anna is the man who is marshalling them for bat-
| tie. Sir, if he had not been admitted into Mexico
no one can doubt or deny that we could have
marched to the capital without the sacrifice of
thousands of lives which we have been compelled
to undergo. If he had not been admitted into
Mexico, the battle of Buena Vista would not have
been fought; and no other man could have raised
j the army which met us at Cerro Gordo, at Mohno
j del Rey, at Chapultepec, an'd at the gates of Mex-
j ico itself. Sir, upon the head of the President of
| the United States falls justly the blame of this act.
j We have heard much of aiding and abetting the
I Mexicans, of moral treason, and of giving aid and
comfort to the enemy; but if a private individual
had done that which the President acknowledges
he has done in a public capacity, how would he
have been called to answer it?
Mr. FOOTE. May I ask a question ? Does the
honorable Senator mean to say that the President
intended to give aid and comfort to the enemy?
Mr. CLAYTON. Not at all, I say that hav-
ingdone this act, he has, as Talleyrand would have
said, been "guilty of a blunder that is greater than
j j a crime."
ji Mr. DOUGLAS. I dislike to detain the Senate
I at this lafe hour; but since the Senator from Dela-
;j ware has reopened the whole debate, by his grave
j charges, I will say a few words in reply.
II Mr. CLAYTON. I spoke at the earliest mo-
II ment I could set the floor.
,j Mr. DOUGLAS. [ have no doubt of it; and I,
'! too, speak at the earliest moment I can get an op-
ii portunity; and I am resolved that this debate shall
not be tei ruinated without a refutation of the grave
charges which the Senator from Delaware has pre-
H ferred against the Administration. I ask in what
}! sense the admission of Santa Anna was improper?
\i Was not every Mexican then out of Mexico ad-
j: milted into that country, if he desired to return?
j! You had a blockade against the admission of mu-
[i nitions of war and merchandise, but had you any
j blockade against individuals? Every Mexican,
; ' Frenchman, Spaniard, and citizen of every other
!: nation upon earth, was permitted to enter that
>> countiy. Will the Senator take the position, that
■whilst every other individual-belonging to the
Mexican nation was permitted to reenter Mexico,
Santa Anna should not have been permitted? I
rather agree with the Senator from Mississippi, in
relation to this matter, that we should let them
have the men they wanted to command their ar-
mies—any general they chose to select—that we
might fight their best men. I much prefer that
we can say we defeated their best general in every
field, and that they cannot now say, had Santa
Anna been there, we could not have done it.
But, sir, there is another reason why I fully
justify that act. I believe that it was not a blun-
der, but one of the wisest and most politic meas-
ures that has been adopted by the Administration
in the prosecution of this war I know that the
time has not come for the development of all the
facts, but enough has been disclosed to convince
me of the policy of that act. We all know that
Parede3 was.then at the head of the Mexican Gov-
ernment, and that he obtained that position m con-
sequence of an avowed hostility to the United
States; that he represented the monarchical party,
and that his success would have been the success
of monarchical principles. They had thrust Her-
rera out for no other reason than that he desired
to make peace with us. We know, also, from the
best information, that Parades was at the head of
an army raised by himseff—an army which he
was able to pay evel-y week, or every day, if ne-
cessary, in British gold, when at the same time he
himself was known to be a bankrupt without a
dollar. We know, upon the authority of British
newspapers, that it was announced that the admis-
sion of Santa Anna and the expulsion of Paredes
was the estoppel of a great movement in Mexico.
We all recollect the tirade of abuse poured out in
i the Times and the Journal des Debats, of London
and Paris, against Santa Anna, for preventing the
consummation of this movement. What was this
movement? It was, as I have said, got up for the
purpose of establishing a monarchy in Mexico.
Whether Santa Anna was there or not, there was
to be war. If Paredes had continued at the head
of alfairs, you would have been engaged in a war
backed by Europe; if Santa Anna was elevated to
the chief authority, you would have a war under
the direction of a man who could look for no sym-
pathy beyond the limits of Mexico. There was
the difference. The time will come when the veil
will be removed, and it will then be seen that the
admission of Santa Anna was one of the wisest
movements in the whole conduct of the war.
A word in relation to another charge brought
against the Administration, which is, the with-
drawing the forces from General Taylor, just be-
fore the battle of Buena Yista. Does the Senator
expect that that charge will go forth to the world,
with our silent acquiescence? Does he not know
that the Administration did not withdraw a man
from General Taylor—that the troops were with-
drawn by General Scott himself, of his own volition,
without any directions from the Administration ?
The Administration had no more to do with that
measure than I had, if I am correctly informed.
My recollection is distinct that General Scott had
discretionary power, and that this was his act, and
not the act of the Administration. Whenever any
credit is to be claimed, the honorable Senator is
ready enough to claim the credit for the generals
employed in Mexico; but wherever blame is to be
attached, he is as ready to throw it upon the Ad-
ministration.
Again, sir, as to the charge of not supplying (5en-
eial Scott with sufficient force. This is the first
time that I have heard such a complaint. I know
of one fact in regard to that campaign, in which,
however, 1 ground no complant—and it is this;
General Scott discharged several thousand volun-
teers at Jalapa, long before their time of service
expired, and then proceeded to Peroteand Puebla,
with the remainder of his troops. I know that he
sent home two regiments from my own State,
months before their term of service expired; and
I now find it certainly very difficult-to comprehend
how it is that General Scott would have sent back
these troops, who had distinguished themselves in
the field, if he was in need of them, and could not
have got along without them.
Now, a word or two upon this question of rob-
bery. The honorable Senator from Delaware
perseveres in his attempt to fix upon the supporters
of this war his old charge of robbery, and repeats
the parallel he has drawn before between this and
