502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March IT,
impossible that, flagrante Mo—after war was de-
clared there could have been a standing order for
their admission. Does the gentleman mean that?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I mean only what 1 said. I
gfffd not a word about orders; but I ask the gen-
tleman to show me an order prohibiting the en-
trance of Mexicans into that country even after the
commencement of the war. "What I said-was,
that there was a blockade against the introduction
of munitions of war, merchandise, &c., but not
against individuals; and I refer the gentleman to
the fact that there was continual passing and re-
passing between Cuba and Mexico.
Mr. CLAYTON. Well, now, what answer is
that? Why was a pass given, if every one had a
right to«enter the country? And whoever heard
before that, flagrante belloy any and every person
might pass. Sir, the construction put upon the
matter by the President was the right one; if it
were necessary for Santa Anna to enter Mexico, it
was necessary for the Secretary of the Navy to
give him a pass.
The gentleman will recollect the great noise that
was made by our Government in consequence of
Paredes being smuggled into Mexico in an Eng-
lish vessel. I do not choose to dwell upon this.
But the gentleman says (and it is the first time I
ever heard it) that the President did a most praise-
worthy thing in passing Santa Anna into Mexico,
because, at that time, Paredes was at the head of
a monarchical party, and that the admission of
Santa Anna was the means of displacing him.
Why, what manner of reasoning is that? Did the
President prefer to go to war with a r< ^
party instead of a monarchical one ? Do our re
publicaa institutions teacfi us such doctrines as
these? If Paredes was at the head of the monar-
chical party, he was the very man for us to put
down. With regard to the employment of British
gold, I undertake to say, that if such had really
been the case, £#id the fact had become known m
this counti y, it would have had the effect of uni-
ting the people as one man. The President would
have required no better circumstance than that a
foreign government was sustaining the Mexicans
General Taylor the forces with which he was to
capture Vera Cruz. I do not charge upon the Ad-
ministration the absurdity of ordering Gen. Scott
to take Vera Cruz without troops.
The honorable Senator also condescends to reply
to another part of my remarks. I have said that j
General Scott complained that he was left a long ,
time without sufficient troops at Puebia. This Lhe j
honorable Se/mtor tells me cannot be so, because j
General Scott discharged a great number of volun- (
teers before their term of service expired; thus j
proving that he had sufficient force to enable him ]
to take the city of Mexico without them. Now, ;
I believe everybody knows the reason why he dis- j
charged these volunteers. They were men whose |
term of service had nearly expired, and it would
have expired before they could possibly be made j
serviceable, and they had refused to reenlist. He j
informs the Government that he found it would be j
better, under such circumstances, to save the trouble
and expense of feeding them any longer, by allow-
ing them to go home; but, at that moment, their
services and the services of many more were requi-
site, in order to carry on the war with success.
Next, the Senator from Illinois teils me that I
must stop complaining that this war is a war of
aggression and conquest, because, forsooth, he
says I voted for the war, and for supplies after the
war was begun. 1 thought that everybody here—
and the honorable Senator says he was present
in the Chamber at the time the vote was given—I
thought that everybody who heard that vote, dis-
,, tinctly understood my position. We had debated
republican j! the bill from day to day, denying the truth of the
' preamble, and insisting on striking out that which
we did not believe. If the Senator was here, he
heard us on this side implore Senators on the other
side to permit us to'divide the bill from the pream-
ble declaring the war, and heard, when at last the
vote was given, many Senators give their votes
in these words: "Aye, without the preamble."
He must have known, also, that we not only de-
nied the truth of the preamble, but all appealed
to the justice and magnanimity of gentlemen on
the other side to permit us to divide the bill, so
4o enable him to procure the instant and unreserved as to vote for the supplies, which we believed to
cooperation of every man in the country.
But to come to the real mferits of the case. Who !i
ever heard before that Paredes would have been a '!
more formidable antagonist than Santa Anna? Does |!
any man suppose that forty such as Paredes could
have rallied as great a force as Santa Anna ? He !j
could collect thousands where others would fail to !
collect hundreds. But I must advert briefly to one !
or two other points in reference to which the Sen- !
ator from Illinois has spoken. I have complained ji
that the troops under General Taylor's command lj
were withdrawn in the face of an enemy of four j
times their number, thusjeopardinghissafety, and i
compelling him to fight against vastly superior j!
numbers. I complained that that withdrawal was j
an act of the Administration. The gentleman tells |
me in reply that the Administration is not censuf- j
able for this, but that Geneial Scott is alone an- |
swerable. And in proof of his position, the hon- ;
orable Senator tells me that he has seen nothing in s
the public prints to justify the charge that the War j
Department or the Administration had done more ;
than appoint General Scott generai-in-chief over I
the army; giving him the general power to act m ,
this matter as he pleased. Now, I imagine that if i
there was nothing more, if the Administration gave t
him this general power, the Administration is re- !
sponsible for his acts. The honorable Senator*!
cannot screen the Administration by any ingenu- j
ity of his from censure, if censure is to fall any- I
where, because General Scott, in pursuance of'
power expressly conferred upon him, ordered the j
withdrawal. But I think that the honorable Sen- [
ator will find, by reference to the documents, that I
the facts are, that the Administration distinctly un- j
derstood, before General Scott went to Mexico,
that he was to, do this, and that it was indispensa-
bly necessary to his success in that great campaign
which he was to wage. Where was he to get an
army sufficient for the purpose which he had to
accomplish? How could he have avoided doing
this? Is it supposed that he was to go without
these troops; was this idea entertained by the Sec-
retary of War? No; I make no such accusation.
And does any man doubt that the whole plan of
the campaign was settled here? Does any man
doubt that before General Scott left this city it was
perfectly understood th§t he was to receive from
be necessary to rescue our army, without vot
proposition declaring war to exist by the act of
Mexico, which we did not believe. Under these :
circumstances it was that we voted fifty thousand
men and ten millions of dollars supplies to our
army in peril. But does not the honorable Sena-
tor, if he was present, well remember, that after
our appeal to the other side, Senators on that side i
rose and said to us, "We agree that you shall ;
protest against the preamble, and you may enter I
your protest upon the Journal of the Senate; at '
any rate, you shall be understood as voting for the
supplies." The Senator from Missouri and the
Senator from Mississippi, (the lamented Mr.
Speight) came forward and publicly entered into
this understanding with us. Let the honorable
Senator look back to the debate of that day; it will
speak for itself, however loosely and lamely it
may have been reported, as I r.ecol!ect was the
case with the remarks which I then made. In re-
gard to supplies, I ha\e always voted for them,
and have differed in this respect from some of my
| friends, on this side, whom 1 have endeavored to
i induce to take the same view that I did. And even
now I would vote all necessary supplies. 1 am as
anxious to sustain the honor of the army as any
man; but the new position which the President
takes, and which the honorable Senator denies to
be a new position, puts it out of my power to vote
for this bill. The Senator says that the same po-
sition existed formerly. I am surprised! Why,
it was declared by the President on all former oc-
casions that it was not the purpose of the Admin-
istration to make this a war of conquest. Had I
not a right to believe this? But the gentleman
says that the three-million bill indicated conquest.
Sir, there is nothing like it; there is nothing about
territory in that bill; it is an appropriation of three
millions of dollars to effect a speedy ard honor-
able peace: thatfe the language of the bill; it is not
stated that the object was to acquire territory by
conquest. No, sir, it was not announced until the
commencement of this session that territory was
to be acquired by any such means.
I regret the necessity for troubling the Senate
so long, for I know that the patience of Senators
is exhausted; but I desire now to make one remark
upon the merits of the bill. We are now, if we
pass this'and the volunteer bill, to send thirty thou-
sand men to Mexico, in addition to those already
there; and this large army is to be raised during
an armistice with a country with which we have
been treating-, towards whom we have been hold-
ing out an idea that we desire peace. What will
be the effect of such a measure, upon them ? What
would be the effect upon any nation in Christen-
dom, which, when negotiating with another nation,
should see that nation deliberately raising thirty
thousand more troops? Would not such a raising
of troops, pending an armistice, occasion the im-
mediate breaking up of all negotiations? It would
be looked upon as a deliberate insult; it would be
regarded as an attempt to accomplish that by bra-
vado—by menace—which could not be obtained
by argument and fair discussion.
Mr. FOOTE. I would ask whether it was not
a Whig Senator who declared that it was our duty
to advance with the sword in one hand, and the
olive branch in the other?
Mr. CLAYTON. The gentleman who made
, that declaration is well able to answer for himself,
i I thank the Senate foMlve patience with which they
i have heard the remarks which I thought it neces-
1 sary to submit.
I Mr. CRITTENDEN. As the honorable Sena-
| tor from Mississippi has alluded to me, 1 will, with
| the permission of the Senate, remark, that I did
j say that I believed this war was regarded as a la-
| mentable and deplorable war, even by those who
' considered it justifiable and warrantable, and ^ that
j I thought it would be highly becoming in this re-
| public to adopt a couise characterized by magna-
i nimity,and to offer, after every blow that might be
1 struck, terms of peace. I never found fault with
1 too much solicitude to makepeace,
i Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senate need not be ap-
; prehensive that I shall detain them long. I wish
: merely to say, that it is true that the honorable
Senator from Delaware protested against the pre-
: amble to the bill; but the debate shows—and I -
! have read it recently—that the ground of the pro-
i test was, that they did not believe that war existed
i at all, it being doubtful whether Mexico had au-
! thonzed the attack which had been made by the
' Mexican troops upon our army.
Mr. CLAYTON, i beg leave to say, that the
Senator is entirely mistaken, as he will find by
' inquiring- of any Senator who was in this Chani-
! ber at the time war was declared.
- Mr. DOUGLAS. Weil, I leave it there. Now,
■ in regard to General Scott sending home the.vol-
| unteers whom he discharged, previous to the ex>
I piration of their period of service, I did not say
, that he had enough of force, for I do not know
j the fact; but I do know that he sent them back,
land I know they refused to re-volunteer; and
why ? Because they were required to re-volunteer
for the war, instead of for the expedition to the
city of Mexico. Now, in regard to withdrawing
the troops from General Taylor, I fear the honor-
able Senator will not only find it difficult to-nigbf,
but at any time hereafter, to show that it was the
act of the Administration, or that the Administra-
tion ordered General Scott to withdraw them. On
the contrary, General Scott, being the superior
officer in command, took the responsibility of
withdrawing those troops. And now, as to the
question where he was to get troops if he did not
take those. Before the battle of Monterey, Gen-
eral Taylor had something like sixteen thousand
troops; of these he left at least two-thirds inactive,
whilst he proceeded to capture the town of Mon-
*! terey with the remainder. General Scott went
;| down to Mexico as commander-in-chief of the
i army: and the withdrawal of those troops was his
I act. If the gentleman supposed it would reflect
j: any glory upon General Scott, he would have at-
i< tnbuted the act to him, there is no doubt. Bat
|| here is the difficulty. General Scott and General
li Taylor must both be praised and exalted at the
|j expense of the Administration. Their faults, if
jj any there be, must be charged upon the Adminis-
,! tration, whilst the merit of their proceedings in the
prosecution of the war rests wholly with themselves#
;| One general rule must be played off against the
;i other for political purposes, and the Administra-
j; tion be made responsible for their blunders, if there
n be any, in this Presidential campaign. If gentle-
's men can succeed in this game, I have no doubt they
j will make considerable political capital.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire, in justice to
General Scott, to state a fact,and to ask the Sena-
