504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
Three members of the Senate and five members of
the House of Representatives since the last session
of Congress—some at the meridian of manhood,
and others full of years and honors—have been
summoned to their final account. 41 The cup goes
irocmd, and who so artful as to put it by?5*
John M. Holley, the lamented subject of this
notice, was born at Salisbury, in the State of Con-
necticut, in November, 1802, and was educated at
Yaie, where he graduated with distinguished lion--*
ors in 1822. Having chosen as his pursuit the
legal profession, he spent one year in the celebrated
law school of Mr. Gould, at Litchfield, in his na-
tive State, then removed to the State of New York,
where-he completed the usual course of prepara-
tory studies, and was admitted to the bar in 1825.
He soon after opened an office in the village of
Lyons, in the county of Wayne, where he acquired
an extensive practice, and where he continued to
reside until the time of his death. Besides filling1
various local offices of dignity and trust, he was
chosen to represent his county in the Assembly of j < Union, and that it should be made the special order
commemorating the deeds of our countiy's defenders, makes
a solemn appeal to as representatives of that people lor
whom they offered up their lives, to see their remains res-
cued from" tfceir present inhospitable graves, and suitably
honored with Christian bunal, so that their remains may be
protected by that flag for which they so nobly fought and
died, and that their dust may repose in their own land and
country: Therefore,
Beit enacted, $c., That the President of the United States
be, and he ib hereby, authorized and required to appoint some
suitable persons, not exceeding three, to pioceed to Mexico
so soon as he shall deem expedient, and eaij£>e the remains
of the Heeeased officers and aoldieia of ihe American aimy
to be removed to some appropriate f-pnt within the United
Slates, and there interred in a manner commensurate with
their high deserts as American patriot*, and in a way appro-
priate to the nation.
Sec. 2. Br, it further enacted, That the t-um of fifty thou-
sand dollars be, and the same hereby, appropriated, out of
any money in the treasuiy n«t othenvise appropriated, to
carry into full effect the provisions of tins act
Mr. SAWYER said he did not think it neces-
sary to refer this bill to any standing committee of
the House, but he thought it should go directly to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
his State in 1S38, and again in 1841. In 184G, he
was chosen to represent the 27th Congressional
district, composed of the counties of Seneca and
Wayne, in the Thirtieth Congress, and was, at
the time of his election, in the enjoyment of health
•which gave promise of a long life of usefulness
and honor. But, about one year since, he was
struck suddenly down with a fit of pulmonary ap-
oplexy, from which he never fully recovered. Be-
ing desirous to discharge with fidelity his repre-*
eentative obligations, at the commencement of the
present session, though exceedingly feeble and in*
firm, he repaired to the Capitol, and took part in
the organization of the House, and yielded reluc-
tantly to the advice of his physicians and friends
to seek relief in repose and a southern clime. Im-
mediately after the opening of the session, he pro-
ceeded to Jacksonville, in the State of Florida,
■where the genial influences of the climate seemed
to revive him for a season, and his friends were
flattered with the hope of his recovery. But a
for some particular day—say the 4ti> of July next.
This was a subject (he proceeded to remark) in
which he feit a deep interest; and he thought, if it
was understood by the House, there would be but
little objection to the proposition which he made.
He proposed by this bill to appropriate fifty thou-
sand dollars for the purpose specified; and he had
ascertained by calculation satisfauory to himself,
that this sum would be amply sufficient. It was
known that the remains of most of our officers and
many of our soldiers who had fallen in Mexico,
and who had wealthy friends, had been brought
home at private expense; and in Ohio, and several
other States, appropriations had been made out of
the public funds, the treasure of the people, to bring
home the remains of their deceased fellow-citizens
who had surrendered up their lives in fighting the
battles of their country. Now, Congiess were
spending money every day for purposes no more
laudable.
The bill explained upon its face (he said) tli
sudden return of the disease brought with it a fatal J | objects which he had m view. In the first place,
termination, and he expired on the 8th instant, i i as *1Cremarked, most of our officers had been
He died, conscious of the mighty change which N brought home and interred, some of them at the
awaited him, calm and resigned, in the hope of a j public expense of the States in which they resided,
glorious future. Tiie companion of his life, who j others at the expense of individuals; but there were
had accompanied him with that fidelity and aflec- 1! hundreds of poor soldiers who had died fighting
tion known only to woman, was present at his ji l^e battles of the country, and" to protect that flag
bedside, to smooth his dying pillow, and close his i  tinder which they'feil. We had surrendered by
eyes in death. She is now returning to her deso-
late home with all that is mortal of a beloved and I
faithful husband, to tell her children they are j
fatherless! Into that^sanctuary of private grief I ;
may not obtrude; for, alas, how impotent"5is all I
human consolation! i
I had long known the deceased by reputation, !
and in 1838 was associated with him in the Now -
York Legislature; and though in a different branch, i
I recollect full well how highly he was there j
esteemed by all who knew him. He was a citizen j
of pure morals and correct deportment, a success- !
ful and honorable member of the bar, a prudent i
and able legislator, and was especially beloved for !
his social and domestic virtues. i
Thus lived and thus died Joiijj M. Holley, a j
member of the House of Representatives of the !
thirtieth Congress of the United States—cut off in
the treaty a large portion of the territory we had
conquered, or had given it back to the Mexicans,
and he desired that this small pittance should be
bestowed for the purpose of bringing home the
balance of our soldiers, so that they might repose
beneath the folds and under the stars and stripes
of our own flag, which would be a guarantee to
S protect their dust from desecration. He had so
1 little confidence in the Mexican character as to feel
no surety but as soon as our army was withdrawn
| from that territory, the bones of our brave soldiers
| would be dug up and sold to the lampblack maker,
j if they pleased.
! What protection should we provide for them?
j Were they not worthy of the honors contemplated
in this bill? Let us send a vessel, and gather up
the mouldering dust, the naked bones of"as many
as was possible. We could not get them all; but
the midst of his usefulness, leaving to his family, j! let us show our good disposition to do so; let the
his friends, and his country, the priceless legacy
of an unblemished name. ' |
Mr. D. concluded by moving the usual resolu- I
tions; which having been adopted— j
The Senate adjourned. j
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 20, 1848.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
Mr. SAWYER, by leave, introduced a bill, of
which previous notice was given, to provide for
bringing home to the United States the lemains of I
the deceased officers and soldiers of our country '
who were killed in battle or who died in Mexico
during the present war. The bill is as follows:
Whereas, by a recent treaty of pnace agreed upon between
thiscountrv an:; Mexico by mo ' .'imed States Senate, it is,
among other tiling, >f«inuat«'d and aueed, that the United
States arc to vacate all ihe ternary south of the ltioGiande:
and whereas, manv o! our otiicer-j and soldiery (vol-
unteers and regulars,) in the boui of dapper, lushed to the
thickest of the battle-^tnfe, and iou«iitand fell in defence of
their countrj's riaht? and honor: and whereas the voice of
humanity, ever auve to human suffering, and ever active in
nations of the world know that we do it and pay !
for it from the public purse. Let their mortal re- !
mains be brought home to American soil, to be |
protected by the flag under which they fought and i
died. Where would we find a common grave for i
them? He would suggest that an appropriate one i
might be selected at or near the battle-field of New j
Orleans, and theie they be interred with the bodies i
of those brave men who in former yeais fell under ,
General Jackson, defending their country against '
the outrages of Great Britain. If a convenient one :
could not be found there, let them be taken to the ;
banks of the Mississippi, near the residence of |
General Taylor, under whose command they died, i
That brave old soldier, he would warrant, would |
give a suitable place for their interment, where I
passers-by, up and down the Mississippi river, J
should look on their last resting-place; or they j
might be taken to Boston, to Bunker's Hill, to this j
Federal city, or to his own distiict— to Fort De- i
fiance, where the bones and dust of many brave I
men he, and there erect a suitable monument to I
commemorate their deeds of greatness and valor. !
He had made these suggestions in order to call I,
the attention of the House to the proposition. Let
those gentlemen who were disposed vote against
it. It would take probably fifty thousand dollars
to carry out the objects of the biil. Now, what
was that? It bad cost probably twice as much to
bury one individual—the distinguished statesman
who had recently died in this Hall. That was all
right. It wa$ due to his character, as a tribute of
respect to that great man. The appropriation he
proposed w^s no less due to those men who had
fought and died in Mexico, in defence of the rights
and honor of their country. He hoped the mo-
tion he had made would be sustained.
Mr. HASKELL said the proposition of the
gentleman from Ohio struck him very singularly.
It might spring from the purest and best motives,
and he should be sorry to intimate that the motives*
which had influenced him in bringing it in were
other than those of a humane and generous charac-
ter. But the proposition was so Strang?, so im-
practicable, so singular, that it seemed to him it
must have had its origin in no other motive than
that of a desire to make some political capital or
influence some portion of the relatives of the fallen
soldiers, and that the gentleman was not animated
by those loftjr and disinterested motives which the
bill on its face would seem to indicate. Now, he
(Mr. H.) was' opposed to anything in the shape
of humbuggery, come from wherever it might,
from this side or from the other side of the House;
and, regarding this as having its origin peculiarly
in such a spirit, he should oppose it.
What could we do with these remains? How
could we get them together? How could they be
distinguished after wedid get them together? They
were a heap of undistinguished dust, sleeping in a-
mass of undistinguished graves. They slept every-
where, all over the country; and not only that,
they were buried in the blue depths of the ocean,
and had rolled down the turbid waters of the Rio
Grande to the bosom of the Gulf. They slept in
|| the chaparral, or were piled into graves by dozens
ij at a time, all over the country, and they could
jj never be distinguished. Better far do a more char-
Is itable thing than this bringing back the undistin-
| guished bodies of the dead. If the gentleman
I wanted todoreal service to humanity; ifhewarit-
1 ed to benefit anybody; if he wished to hind up the
j broken heart, or pour consolation into the bosoms
j of the beieaved friends, let this money be devoted
j m the shape of pensions, to the belief of the widows
| and orphans of those who had fallen. If the pur-
| poses of philanthropy were to be subserved; if the
objects of the gratitude of the country were to be
advanced; if anything practicable was to be done,
let them divert the money to a channel where it
could be made useful, and where it could be prac-
tically appropriated.
Upon the battle-fields of Mexico our own dead
slept, indiscriminately mixed with the dead of the
enemy; and how would we know but we were
bringing back the dead bodies of the enemy, to
i bedew them with the tears of the nation? How
i would we know but the bodies of some of the
I deadliest foemen who, in the secret chaparral, hadr
j thrown the lasso around the necks of some unwary
; soldier, would be placed here beneath a mauso-
! leurn,and watered with the tears of a nation's grati-
tude? The proposition was ridiculous, absurd.
He yielded to no man in devotion to the patriotism
and the noble feelings that carried our brase sol-
diers to the field of battle. He respected the mem-
ory of those who had fallen; he honored those
who lived. They were his fellow-comrades, hound
to him by the remembrance of common dangers,
by all the ties that bound friend to friend. "The
boys with whom he had been brought up and edu-
cated; with whom he had gone out to the battle;
whom he had commanded; those dearest to his
bosom, slept there in one heap of undistinguished
dust near that of those who slew them. Willing
as he was that their remains should be brought
back when they could be by private m^nns, and
where seasonable measures had been taken to se-
cure and identify them, he was utterly opposed
to this foolish and useless expenditure.
Mr. HARALSON remarked, that all proper
honor and respect was due to the remains of those
who had died in a foreign land beneath the flag of
the United States. Such was his feeling. But it
was unnecessary for him, at this time, further to
state his opinion as to the proper course to be
taken. He had risen for the purpose of stating to
the House that this subject had been under the
