1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
505
consideration of the Committee on Military jYfiairs,
and that they had directed the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Burt] to make a report to
this House, in the shape of a resolution or resolu-
tions. What its precise nature would be, he was
not able to state; but it was sufficient for him to
state that the subject was considered at the last
meeting of t'ne committee, and a report would soon
be made to the House.
It would not be amiss, therefore, if this proposi-
tion, identified in some degree with the military
operations of the country in their consequences,
should be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs. That committee would soon make then-
report, and they would go as far as practicable to
remove the remains, to our own shores of those
who had gallantly fell in a foreign land. In no
spirit of hostility to the' object proposed to be at-
tained by the gentleman from Ohio, as far as it was
practicable, but with a view to a more close and
minute examination as to how far it was practica-
ble to carry out the provisions of this bill, he would
move, if it would take precedence of the other mo-
lion, to refer the bill to the Committee on Military
-Affairs.
The SPEAKER said, that under ordinary cir-
cumstances, the motion to refer to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union would have
precedence over the motion of the gentleman from
Georgia. But as this bill involved an appropria-
tion, and must go to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, the Chair would first put
the.motion to refer to the Committee on Military
Affairs; and if that should not prevail, it would go
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union without a vote.
Mr. SAWYER said he had no objection that
the House should make what disposition itpleased
of the bill. He- was charged by the honorable
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Haskell] with
offering this bill as a humbug. It might perhaps
be a humbug in the gentleman's estimation. But
he assured the gentleman, and every member of
this House, that he had introduced it for no such
purpose, but with the best of motives. He did
not understand the gentleman as charging him with
doing it with the intention of humbugging, but that
the gentleman himself considered it a humbug.
He (Mr. S.) considered it not a humbug. He
moved it with heftest and genuine motives, and
he was willing at any time to cast his vote for it,
and to stand upon it before his constituents. He
had no objection, if the House saw fit, to its going
to a committee, if it were not to be smothered there.
He wished the House to dispose of it as they
pleased.
The question being taken, the bill was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CLINGriVIAN asked leave to introduce the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the President he requested to inform this
House why the correspondence heretofore called for hy the
following resolution ha^ not been furnished to the House:
"Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to fui ribli to this House copies of a!l correspondence
between the S«>cretarynf War and Major General Scott, and
between the Sccretatyof War and Major General Taylor,
and betwetn Major General Scott and N. P. Tnst, late Com-
missioner of the United States to Mexieo, and between the
latter and the Secretary oi State, which has not heretofore
been published, and the publication of which may not be
incompatible with the public inteiest.''1
The reception of the resolution being objected j
to— i
Mr. CHNGMAN moved to suspend the rules;
which motion was decided by yeas and nays:
Yeas 84, nays 84.
Two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, by leave, intro-
duced bills, of which previous notice was given, of
the following titles, viz:
A bill granting a quantity of land teethe State
of Mississippi for the purpose of improving the
navigation of certain rivers in that State. Referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill supplemental loan act to confirm the sur-
vey and location of claims for lands in the State of
Mississippi east of the Pearl river and south of the
3Jst degree of north latitude, approved March 3,
J845. Referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. TWEEDY, by leave, introduced a bill, of
which previous notice was given, viz:
. A^ bill for the admission of the State of Wiscon-
sin into the Union. Referred to the Committee
on the Territories.
Mr. KELLOGG gave notice that he would intro-
duce a bill of the following title* "An actdeclaring
Whitehall, in the State of New York, a port of
entry."
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, by general con-
sent, offered the following resolution, which was
read and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of graduating the
price of the public lands according to tlie toilovving rules,
that is to say: lands that have been offered for five yeais
and not sold, to be now offered at one dollar per acre; lands
that have been offered for ten years and not sold, to be now
offered at seventy-five cents per acre ; and lands that have
been offered for fifteen years and not sold, to be offered at
fifty cents per acre; and hereafter at the end of every twelve
months, reckoning from the 1st day of July, 1849, there shall
be a further reduction of twelve and one-halfeenU peracre
in the piiee of all public lands that have been on that day
ofl'eied five years or more,and these rules shall be observed
in di«poMng of land* herealier to beofiejed; and all lands
not sold within twelve months atter the pnee is reduced to
•twelve and one-half cents per acie, shall be relinquished to
the States within which they he, respectively, lor the pur-
poses of education : Provided, That no lee or reward shall
be paid by or accepted fronr any pupil for tuition at a school
supported in whole or in part by tne lauds thus relinquished.
Mr. BROWN offered the following series of
resolutions, which were read and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Clerk ol this House be, and he is here-
by, instructed to send under his <r.uik*ihn'e copies of the
printed report of the Commissioner of Patents for the year
1647 to the Governor of each State and Territory m tin;
Union, for the use of such State orTerntury, and two copies
to the clerk of the county court of cueh county in the Uni-
ted States, for the use of tho county; and bereafLer, in all
cases whisie an extui number of any document i  ordered
to be primed, it shall be the duty ol tne Clerk of the House
ol Representatives, unless, otherwise ordeiod by the llouse,
to transmit said document to the States and counties as is
herein directed ; and to this* end he shall res< rve from th<-
fir-t copies dehveied by tiie pi inter a &ulfieient number to
supply the demands oi this resolution.
liaolvcd, That it "hall be the duty of the Clerk, befoie he
send* the documents above relet red to, to have the same
well bound. *
On motion of Mr. WENTWORTH,
Resolved, That, the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads inquire into the expediency of graduating the rate of
newspaper postage accoiding to the number oi miles over
winch they are*, transported; also, into the expediency of
restoring to postmasters the privilege of leceiving a ceiiain
number of newspapers free of postage.
On motion of Mr. WENTWORTH,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands inquire
into the expediency of providing by law that any landless
citizen of the United States, or anyoiher adult landless per-
son, who will legally testify that he ha* taken the necessary
steps to become u citizen, and intends to be so as soon as
possible, may possess, by actual residence and cultivation,
so long a-4 lie shall continue landless, and destitute of the
means of purchasing land, a certain quantity o( the public
lands now remaining unsold and unclaimed undci any ol the
pieemption law- ot'lhe United States,and thus seeiue ever}
person a farm who is willing todwHI upon and cultivate it.
On motion of Mr. TWEEDY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to mqune into the expediency 0/ making an appropuation at
the piesent session lor the piosecutiun ol the hatboi im-
provements at Potosi, Wisconsin Teinmry.
Mr. TWEEDY offered the following resolution*
which was read, and laid over one day under the
rule:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to inform tins House what has been done by the accounting
oUic«jr  of the Treasury Department to carry lijto effect that
sect on of the aet of Congress, approved August *29, 184*2,
directing them to audit and settle the expenses of the .Legis-
lative Assembly ol the Teriifory of Wisconsin not tnen
closed and settled, and what step--, if any, have been taken
to procure the settlement of said expenses by said ofticers,
or to ascertain the amount tbeieof; what instructions, if any,
have been given to the late or to the present fcJecietary of
-aid Tuiiitory in leteie.nce to the settlement of said ex-
penses; and what money-*, if any, have been intrusted to
either of tiie -aid tfeeietane* foi that purpose,and what dis-
position has been made and wh.it account has been rendered
of the same ; and if any portion of such expenses have been
settled and paid and the voucocis thereof received, when
and by whom were the same paid, and what is the aggregate
amount thereof; and that he especially be requested to in-
form this Hou-e what causes have prevented or delayed, or
do now prevent or delay, the auditing and payment 'of that
portion of said expenses still unsettled, and what things, if
any, aie necessary to be done on the part of the officers of
said Territory now holding the vouchers for these expenses,
in Older to obtain the settlement and payment thereof with-,
out delay.
On motion of Mr. CROWELL,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a mail-route from the town of Kinsman, in the
county of Trumbull, to the city of Cleveland, in the county
of Cuyahoga, in the State of Ohio.
On motion of Mr. FRENCH,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post-route from Winchester, in Clarke county,
in Kentucky, via Reuben Rackets, Walter .Gonde'*, and
the mouth of Woodward's Creek, to Jrvlne, in Estell coun-
ty, and also into the expediency of establishing a'post-route
from Kiddville, in Clarke counrv, Kentucky, to intersect die
above named route at the said Gonde's.
Mr. M. HAMPTON presented certaiii resolu*
tions from the Legislature of Pennsylvania-, relative
to Asa Whitney's plan for constructing a-railroad
from Lake Michigan to the Pacific Ocean. Refer"
red to the Committee on Roads and Canals'.
Mr, LUMPKIN presented resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of Georgia, in favor of the
establishment of a mail-route between Dalton and
Dahlonega. Referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. LUMPKIN asked leave to present resolu-
tions of the Democratic Convention h^ld in Cocke
county, Georgia, in relation to the war with Mex-
ico. Mr. L. asked that the resolutions be read.
Objected to.
Mr. LUMPKIN moved that the rules be sus-
pended for the purpose of having the resolutions
read. Disagreed to, two-thirds not voting in favor
thereof.
The question was then put on granting leave to
Mr. Lumpkin to present the said resolutions, and
it was decided in the negative.
Mr. McCLELLAND gave notice of his inten-
tion to ask leave, on some future day, to bring in
a bill to provide for the issuing a land patent to
Thomas B. Clark.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communication from the President of the
United States:
Washington, March 520, 1848.
To the House of Representatives:
I transmit herewith imports ol the Secrctnry of State and
the Secretary of War, with the actompaming documents,
m compliance with the lcsolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the 7th February, 18-18, requesting the Pie>i-
dcni to communicate to that Hou-e "copies of all coire-
1 f-pomlence between the Secretary of War and Major
'General Scott, and between the Secretaiy of War and
'Genoial Taylor, and between Major General Scott and
1 N. P. Trist, lat'j Commissioner of the United States to
1 Mexico, and between the latter and the Secretary of State,
< which has not heretofore been published, and the pubhea-
' tion of which may not be incompatible with the public
f interests." JAMES K. POLK.
After* some conversation between Mr. CLING-
MAN and Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, as to tho
printing of an extra number of copies of the mes-
sage and documents just read to the House—
Mr. HENLEY moved a resolution, instructing
the Committee on Printing to inquire into the ex-
pediency of printing ten thousand copies extra of
the message and accompanying documents this
day received and read to the House.
The resolution was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. GOTT,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Po*t
Roads be instructed to repoit a lull making newspapers free
ol pofta'-jc within thirty mile* of the place ot publication, and
within the tounty when; the same aie published.
On motion of Mr. TURNER,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands bn instruct-
ed to imjune into the expediency of donating a poition of the
public lands in the State of Illinois lor the improvement of
Rock river.
Mr. CROZIER offered the following resolution,
which was read:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War report to this House
the amount of money that has been collected at the different
ports of Mexico, in consequcnee of tho oider from the War
Department, i>sued in March last; and also what sums have
been collected in the interior, under any ordeis issuingfiom
any lmlitaiy commander; and that he cau^e a tabular state-
ment to bo made of the manner in which the same has been
disbursed, similar to that lequired by tiie acts of the 2lst of
April, 1818, and March 3, iSU9,ot appropriations which have
been made by law.
Mr. CROZIER moved that the rules be suspend-
ed for the purpose of acting on the resolution; which
motion was decided by yeas and nays: Yeas 110,
nays 65.
Two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the rules
were not suspended.
The resolution accordingly lies over, under the
rule.
EXPENSES OP INDIAN DEPARTMENT.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state or
the Union, (Mr. Rockwell, of Massachusetts, m
the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of
the bill making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department, &c.,
for the year ending June 30, 1849. _ .
The reading of the bill for information having
been dispensed with, it was read by items for
amendment. . .
