506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
Mr. SAWYER moved to amend the bill by add-
ing, at the end of the first item, the following pro-
viso:
« Provided that no money appropriated by the provisions
of this act shall be applied for.the education of Indian chil-
dren, except for the support of schools within the territory
of the various Indian tribes."
Mr. SAWYER said he felt himself constrained,
by a sense of duty to the Indians, to the country,
and to himself, to oppose certain things that had
been going on in relation to this academy for a
number of years—since 1825.
Mr. VINTON (Mr. S. yielding) suggested that
at .page six of the bill would be found an appropri-
ation for the Choctaws, and that his colleague's
amendment would more properly come in at that
part of the bill.
Mr. SAWYER continued, and referred to House
document on this subject of the session of 1841-42,
to show that the amounts of money appropriated
for the education of Indian children at this Choc-
taw academy (for there were there the children of
various tribes, although it was called the Choctaw
academy) since 1825, had been enormous, and they
had gone into the hands of Colonel Johnson for his
special benefit. It was with some degree of regret
that he made the statement and proposed this
amendment, for no man held Colonel Johnson in
higher estimation than he. He found, on looking
into" the Ireport, that about §290 per annum hat!
been paid for every child taught in that academy.
There was a plenty of public institutions in this
country who would be glad to teach these chil-
dren—to give them every particle of tuition they
received at this Choctaw academy, for $50; and he
wished to show the manner in which this thing had
been done.
At the time the treaties were going on with the
different tribes of Indians, the Choctaws particu-
larly, the department here insisted on having a
portion of their annuities appropriated to defray-
ing the expenses of a certain number of children
educated at the Choctaw academy. The Indians
time and again refused. Colonel Johnson came on
here from time to time and would insist on having
one more year's appropriation. It had been grant-
ed, notwithstanding an article in the treaty that no
portion of the money should be approprmted to the
education of the Choctaw children at the academy.
Look at the report of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs. He was decidedly opposed to further ap-
propriations for this academy, and thought the
Indians should be educated in their own nation.
Now, if Congress did not prohibit it by law, this
same process would be repeated. Some $10,000,
or $15,000', or $20>000, had been expended annu-
ally, and had not done the,Indians a dollar's worth
of good. It had been expended—he said it here
in his place—for the benefit of this man, who had
established the academy, and not for the benefit
of the Indians. Instead of its being necessary^to
pay this $289 or $290 per year for the education
of a single Indian child, the War Department had
written proposals be/brc it to take them, clothe,
board, and educate them, for $50 a year. But, as
Ions; as it was not expressly prohibited bylaw,
Colonel Johnson would come on here, as he had
done this year, and, in open violation of treaty
stipulations, get this appropriation for his benefit.
Since 1825 the document he held in his hand show-
ed there had been expended at this single academy
$474,000—almost half a million dollars—enough to
educate every Indian child in the United States.
By looking at the list of contingent expenses, it
would be seen that each Indian child had to pay a
certain sum for the use of the academy building.
He ventured to say that Colonel Johnson had got
paid m this way ten times over for this buildm*;
and yet a bill was now before the Senate making
an appropriation to pay him for the building. He
entered his solemn protest against this kind of pro-
ceeding; he cared not whether a personal or politi-
cal friend was involved in it, as long as he held a
seat on this floor he would expose it at all hazards.
He made the statement from the book when he
asserted that this gentleman had been cominghere
year by year for the last two or three years—not-
withstanding there was a positive prohibition in
the treaty, notwithstanding the Indians positively
refused to treat with the piovision in it that one of
their children should go to that academy—and re-
ceiving his appropriation. And, furthermore, he
ventured to say we had paid $10,000 more than
we needed to have done, because certain individu-
als wanted to get this small annuity for Colonel
Johnson's academy. He spoke from the book 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, here interposed,
and, the floor being yielded, with no little warmth
and some harshness, repelled as false the charge of
swindling and villany, if any such charge had
been made, upon Colonel Johnson.
Mr. SAWYER (continuing) said he charged
just what he had stated. He made no charge of
swindling upon Colonel Johnson. He said there
had been swindling going on; and he had stated
that Colonel Johnson came here, and made his ap-
plication, and had obtained his object; and that
one of these treaties had cost $10,000 more than
it would have cost had this appropriation been left
out.
Some further conversation passed between Mr.
Sawyer and Mr. Johnson; after which—
Mr. SAWYER (continuing) specified the con-
tingent expenses charged for collecting the Indian
children, bringing them to the academy, boarding
on the way, &c., as those of which he particularly
complained. Although he complained of the gen-
eral extravagance of the appropriations connected
with the Choctaw academy, he did not (he said)
charge the Colonel with swindling; for probably
he had done just what the gentleman from Arkan-
sas and himself would have done—got a good bar-
gain ; but, after he had signed an agreement with Mr.
T. Hartley Crawford, late Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, that he would make no more applications,
he had come on here two or three times since, and
got this appropriation.
Mr. BOYD, the floor being yielded, explained,
that although hehad'not examined into this matter
particularly, he had understood the other day from
the Secretary of War that there was a provision
in the late treaty with the Choctaws, providing, that
if the Indians should so elect, that school should
be continued at the White Sulphur Springs, Ken-
tucky; and, under that provision, the Secretary of
War had issued his proclamation, that m case the
Indians did so elect, the school should be so con-
tinued. That, he understood, was the provision
of the treaty.
Mr. SAWYER (continuing) said that was the
fact; and it was to this he had just been referring
when lie had said that one treaty cost $10,000 more j
than it need to have done, had not tins provision ,
been inserted. !
Mr. VINTONsaid this subject had been brought !
under the investigation of the Committee of Ways
and Means. The Commissioner of Indian Affairs
had been examined by that committee. His state-
ment, in substance, was, that with the exception of
one tribe, (for there were several tribes whose chil-
dren were placed in that school,) the Indians had
all given notice that they would take their children
home at the end of the now current year. The
number of scholars in that school, he believed the
Commissionersaid, was about fifty; and after those
had left who were to be taken at the end of the
year, it would leave only some eight or ten who
would remain, and the school would probably,
therefore, be discontinued, as there would not be
scholars enough left to justify keeping it up. That
seemed to be the understanding of the Commis-
sioner. Now, in that state of the case, of course
the money provided for the Choctaws in this bill
would, in conformity with the treaty, be expended
on the Indians.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said he be-
lieved efforts had been made for the last four or
five years to stop this institution. The subject
had been for one or two sessions carefully exam-
ined, and he believed the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Vinton] had given a correct version of the
manner in which the institution was to be closed
up. At the last session of Congress, the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs had examined this matter
with some care. Charges that savored somewhat
of severity had been brought against the manage-
ment of the institution; and he regretted very much
*that his friend from Ohio, who was generally very
correct, should have allowed himself at this time
to go into a repetition of the charges which came
up then, and were examined by the committee.
As far as they at that time examined the subject,
this institution had been conducted with perfect
propriety, so far as Colonel Johnson was concern-
ed, and the exceptions taken were to the course of
some of its teachers.
But, as this institution would be necessarily
closed up, and as he did not understand that any
appropriation was here made for it,but that it had
heretofore been supported out of the contingent
fund for the education of the Indian children, it
was but just to Colonel Johnson and to the Gov-
ernment that he should briefly recur to its history.
Mr. SAWYER inquired (Mr. Thompson yield-
ing) if he understood the gentleman from Missis-
sippi to say that no appropriation was contained
in the bill for this academy, and if this had not
been the case for yearsi
Mr. THOMPSON replied that it had been sus-
tained for two or three years, and he believed pre-
viously, out of the contingent fund for the pur-
poses of education among the Indians. The present
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in the report to
which the gentleman had referred, had'expressed
his opinion against the continuance of this acad-
emy, but yet had recommended no such provision
of law as proposed by the gentleman from Ohio.
None was necessary.
This academy (Mr. T- proceeded to say) had
been of immense service to the Indians. It had
been the first great means of introducing education
among the Choctaws and among other tribes.
Citizens had been there from all the various tribes,
who had returned educated men; and he ventured
to assert that, at this time, there was as high a
standard of education in academies contained in
the Choctaw nation as there was in many of the
academies in the States. The teachers were edu-
cated at this Choctaw academy at the Great Cross-
ings, Kentucky. Although it was now believed
that the best system of educating the Indians Vas
to connect with the cultivation of the mind instruc-
tion in the various mechanic and agricultural arts,
and this by way of manual labor schools within
the Indian territory, yet let justice be given to
whom justice was due. It was, perfectly evident
that this academy had been of immense service;
many of the chiefs of the various tribes were edu-
cated men, and had been educated there; and when
we hart induced Colonel Johnson to expend a large
sum of money in building that academy, to with-
draw all support from him suddenly would be un-
just. He did not understand the gentleman from
Ohio to charge swindling upon Colonel Johnson.
He believed that a careful examination would show
that there had been no impropriety on his part.
He thought we had much reason to congratulate
ourselves that we were making so rapid progress
in the advancement of education among the Indian
tribes. For the last few years, by the action of the
missionary, aided and assisted by the benevolent
and liberal views of the department, institutions
had been established among them upon the manual
labor system, and had been the means of introdu-
cing among them not only religion and science, but
a knowledge of all the industrial pursuits of civil-
ized life, and many of the tribes now presented a
state of improvement far above many of the States
of Mexico. Our Indians upon our western frontiers
were turning out annually men capable of filling
any office—divines, and men of minds capable of
distinguishing themselves upon any theatre of ac-
tion.
This Choctaw academy was the foundation of all
this improvement. It had not only given the spring
to knowledge and science, but, by receiving the
chiefs of the different tribes, had led to the forma-
tion of acquaintance and friendship, resulting in
lasting harmony between them of incalculable value.
Surely, then, we ought to have some grateful feel-
ings not "only to the man who established but to
those who had conducted and maintained this in-
stitution.
But now that a disposition was manifested among
the Indians to take their children home to be edu-
cated, he concurred in the policy of it. Let it be
done in a liberal way. It would be done, he had
reason to believe, without the adoption of this
amendment, and he hoped that by this or any other
action, tfyey would not do anything which could
be construed into an intimation that they were
disposed to set at naught, cut off, or even reproach
those who had heretofore sustained this institu-
tion.
Mr. McKAY said he was in favor of imposing
a limitation upon the expenditure of the money
appropriated by this bill for the purposes of edu-
cation among the Indian tribes; but he would like
to have the gentleman from Ohio modify his amend-
ment, so that it should not apply exclusively to the
Choctaw academy, but that it should provide that
no money hereby appropriated for school purposes
