1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
509
receivers well as to send, all letters and packages
not weighing over two ounces free of postage, up
to the first Monday of December following the
expiration of their terfn of office. Now, sir, as
far as I am able to perceive, it is not only prob-
able—not only highly reasonable—but it is abso-
lutely certain that, as the law now stands, the
franking privilege to members of Congress is sub-
ject to but one restriction; that is, that the letter,
newspaper, or package, shall not exceed .two
.ounces in weight. Well, sir, we are all aware
that, recently, by some regulations, a discrimina-
tion has been made between packets put up in
coarse envelopes, and which are not supposed to
be letters, and those which are put-up in fine en-
velopes, which are*supposed to be letters; and in
the latter case, it is required that the address shall
be in the same hand as the frank, or else the post-
master is directed to disregard the frank and charge
postage. This I consider to be simply a gratuitous
distinction, adopted without any appearance of
reason or propriety. The bill, therefore, which I
have the honor to submit to the Senate, is intend-
ed, in the first place, to declare, so as to put it be
??ond the possibility of doubt or cavil, what is the
aw on the subject, not to enlarge or alter the frank-
ing privilege, but simply to declare it. I have
brought the subject forward, sir, because I desire
to have the judgment of the Senate upon it. I feel
that members of this body are as much entitled to
trust and confidence as any man in the Executive
departments. We are personally responsible to
our constituents for the abuse 01 our privileges;
and we should not permit ourselves to be respon-
sible to any Executive officer whatever.* If the
rule requiring the address to be in the same hand
as the frank applies to letters, why is it not ap-
plied to documents also? the laws making no
difference between them. The construction will,
Cerhaps, affect me as little as it will any mem-
ep. I have always endeavored to avoid putting
myself or my friends in the power of any such
capricious construction of the law relating to the
franking privilege. I have directed every letter
and document I havo. sent, at whatever trouble and
inconvenience to myself.
The bill was accordingly referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and'Post Roads.
FEES IK UNITED STATES COURTS.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. ASHLEY asked and
obtained leave to bring in a bill to regulate the fees
and*costs to be allowed clerks, marshals, and attor-
neys of the circuit and distiict courts of the United
States, and for other purposes; which was read
the first and sefcond times, by unanimous consent,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
On motion by Mr. ATHERTON", the prior
orders were postponed, and the Senate resumed
the consideration, as in Committee of the Whole,
of the bill from the House of Representatives fur-
ther to supply the deficiencies m the appropriations
for the service of the fiscal year ending the 30th
June, 1848.
The question pending being upon agreeing to
the amendment proposed by Mr. Benton, to strike
out the words "the Papal States," in line 84, and
after "Ecuador," in line 86, insert "and for a
"minister plenipotentiary to the Papal States," and
strike out " twenty-two," and insert "thirty-
one,"
Mr. HALE. I desire to ask the chairman of
the committee from which, this bill was reported,
why this item is inserted among deficiencies of ap-
propriations for the past year?
Mr. ATHERTON. The fiscal year has not
yet expired, and the object is, I suppose, to send
the charge d'affaires, or minister, whichever he
may be, before the conclusion of the year.
Mr. HANNEGAN If I understand the effect
of this amendment, it is to change the nature of
the mission to Rome from charge d'affaires to min-
ister plenipotentiary. I would suggest to those
who are in favor of this amendment, whether it
would not be better policy, instead of making this
embassy a full one, to substitute a minister resi-
dent. We might, it seems to me, more properly
send to Rome a minister resident, with a salary
such as that which is paid to our resident minister
at Constantinople and our minister in China. A
minister resident has this advantage over a charge
d'affaires, that whilst the charge cannot approach
the sovereign, the minister resident can. The Sen-
ator from Missouri stated the other day that one
object in making this a full mission was, that it
might ultimately absorb all the missions or charge-
ships to the Italian States. Now, we have a very
considerable commerce with the Italian States, and
in that commerce American shipping is principally
employed. In the dominions of Austria, a coun-
try which contains" upwards of thirty millions of
people, we have but a charge d'affaires. We have
nothing but a charge in Portugal, and the same in
Belgium. We have considerable commerce with
these countries, and it is all in our favor. The
temporal power of the Pope is very limited, and
of .course, as correctly stated by the Senator from
North Carolina, it is only in the character of a
temporal prince that a diplomatic agent could be
sent by us to the sovereign Pontiff. All history
proves that, until very recently, Austria has sus-
tained the Pontiff in the temporal power which he
exercises.
In making this suggestion, I wish it to be under-
stood that i am incapable of being governed by
anything like religious or sectarian feelings. Sure-
ly I entertain no prejudice against the Catholic
religion; when, on the contrary, I regard it with
the highest veneration, looking upon it as I do, as
the casket which held, through many a long year,
the gem of the Christian faith—holding, as I do,
too, sir, in the highest possible reverence, the
character of the present Pontiff, Pius the Ninth.
It has been said by the distinguished Senator from
Missouri, who made some very eloquent and ap-
propriate remarks upon this subject the other day,
that it would be becoming in us to send a full min-
ister to Ronie, which was surrounded by such
grand associations. I put this question, however,
upon principle, and theie is another Power which
has, 1 think, stronger claims to a full embassy. I
allude to Switzerland, where now exists the only
pure Democracy which is now to be found on the
face of Europe. It would be a higher compliment
to our own people—to our own institutions—to
send an embassy to Switzerland. Ancient Rome,
and modern Rome, are essentially different. It is
tiue that, as the Senator says, Rome still stands
upon the banks of the Tiber; yet modern Rome
does not occupy the site of that Rome of the elder
ages of the world, which must ever possess the
highest interest to the imagination and feelings.
The modern city occupies the opposite bank, and
is separated by the classic stream from the soil on
which the Coliseum and the Parthenon stood. All
is now a " marble wilderness," where Tully once
" launched his moral thunders on the subjcct soul-,"
where the accursed steel of the assassin Brutus
struck at the heart of Cresar; and where every
heart glowed with the accents of the immortal
Cicero. But, sir, these are not considerations
which arc now to weigh with us.
I submit to the Senate, as a question of expe-
diency, what must be the eflcct upon Belgium,
Portugal, Austria, and the other Italian fcJtaLes, if
we send a full embassy to Rome? For we ail
know, whatever may Ue the progress of liberal
principles in Italy at this moment, the most des-
potic governments that ever existed have prevailed
there for the last five hundred years.
Mr. MANGUM. Do I understand the Sena-
tor as offering an amendment?
Mr. HANNEGAN. I propose to strike out
what relates to the mission to the Papal States,
and substitute a section providing for a minister
iesiduit.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator's
object can be accomplished by the striking out
" plenipotentiary," and inserting " resident," and
striking out " thirty-one," and inserting " twenty-
eight."
The question being taken upon this amendment
to the amendment, it was disagreed to on a divis-
ion: Ayes 12, noes 19.
The question recurring on the amendment of the
Senator from.Missouri—
Mr. HANNEGAN demanded the yeas and
nays.
PRESIDING OFFICER. They were ordered
at a former day.
Mr. CLAYTON". This bill came to us from the
House, proposing to send a charge d'affaires to
the Papal States. The Committee on Finance, to
which the bill was referred, has reported the bill
as it came from the House, without amendments,
thus recommending the establishment of this new
mission; Such was the judgment of the committee
of which 1 was a member. I concurred in the re-
port, and I see no reason whatever to change, it.
-It seems to me, sir, to be admitted on ail han'ds,
that there is nothing in the commercial relations
between the two countries to justify any mission
whatever; but, in my judgment, there is enough
connection between the social and political rela-
tions of the countries, to authorize it.. I have
been willing, therefore, to establish this mission ,
of a charge to the Papal States; but it does seem
to me that there is serious objection to going
further. Austria is a country with thirty-eight
millions of people, with whom we have extensive
commercial relations, and we send to them only a
charge d'affaires. We have also extensive com-
mercial relations with some other of the Italian
States,with Portugal, with Sweden, with Denmark,
and to all these we only send a charge d'affaires.
I cannot perceive, sir, the necessity, "therefore, of
going beyond that grade of ministers which we are
accustomed to send to these States. I am perfect-
ly willing, sir, to mark by my vote the sympathy
that is felt by the people of this country, for the
liberality of the opinions of Pope Pius the Ninth.
I am perfectly willing to go thus far, and in my
opinion all that ought to be asked of us is, to place
these States upon the same footing with the great
empire of Austria, the second and most populous
of all the States of Europe. And honorable Sena-
tors will bear it in mind, that if we proceed to
make a full mission now to the Papal States, we
may excite bad feelings among the other States,
whose commercial relations with us are vastly
more extensive, than those of the Papal States can
be, and to which we now send, and shall probably
continue to send, charges des affaires. I am, there-
fore, opposed to the amendment, and shall support
the bill as it was sent to us from the House, and
as reported by the Committee on Finance.
Mr. NILES. This is only one of the missions
that ai£ provided for in this bill; there are three
others, making altogether four missions to be pro-
vided for. As to the policy which has led to this
measure, it certainly cannot be owing to the sur-
plus of funds in our treasury. There are, however,
four missions to be created—one to Guatemala, one
to the Republic of Bolivia, and dne to Ecuador.
Two of these, I believe, have little or no commerce
with us; and whether the mission be political or
commercial—what considerations are to recommend
them to the favorable action of the Senate? I am
not prepared to say. If I believed that they were
commercial, that they were calculated in the least
degree to promote or extend our commerce, I should
be in favor of their establishment. But I believe
there is no people on the whole earth, as commer-
cial as we are, whose commercial interests are so
little aided by the Government as thoseof the Uni-
ted States. 1 believe it will be our true policy, and
I have lone: thought so, to furnish to the different
countries of this hemisphere commercial agents;
for I believe that our commercial interests have
been shamefully neglected. Our trade has been
declining from year to year, with msmy of those
countries. One of the countries upon this hemis-
phere with which we have held diplomatic relations
—I mean the Republic of New Grenada—we have
so neglected; for although we have had a chargS
d'affaires there for years, he has neglected Ins
duty. We have no treaty with that Government,
and those who have no treaty with them, have to
pay twenty per cent, upon their whole trade, which
in our case amounted to about ten millions of dol-
lars; and the consequence has been the throwing
of all this into the hands of our rivals, the British.
Two vessels from the port of New York carried on
a trade with that country for years, under the flag of
Great Britain—a sort of smuggling trade. So en-
tirely was this matter neglected, that our commerce
with that country ceased altogether.
Now, I should like to know, if I could, how
these missions are to be carried out—how the law
is to be executed—whether men qualified and pre-
pared for the duties which they are required to
perform are to be sent there to make themselves
useful to our commerce, or whether men will be
sent who neither know what their duties are nor
care whether they are performed: mere politicians,
stump orators, who are to be rewarded with places
for political services. It would be throwing so
much money away, and I should be disposed to
go against the whole of these missions; but, be-
lieving that the interests of this country will fully
justify the attempt to send missions into these
