510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
countries, I shall vote for the bill, though, at the
same time, not without very great doubt that it,
Will be money thrown away. But in regard to
the mission to the Papal States, I must say that I
do not see any sufficient reason for sending an
agent there above the second grade. It seems to
me that it is going far enough to begin with; and
if our interests there" should hereafter render it
necessary to have a diplomatic agent of a higher
grade, such a mission can be provided for. Here-
tofore it has not been deemed necessary to main-
tain political relations at all with those States; and
it seems to me that an agent of the second grade is
high enough to begin with. I do not think that
his Holiness the Pope has any great claim upon
this country in any view. The country is a small
one, and there are larger, in which we have more
important interests, and in which are nothing more
than charges des affaires. I shall vote for these
missions of the second grade, and I shall do it
with very great doubts that the money will be
thrown away.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I was in hopes
that my friend from Connecticut, after making a
speech against this item of the bill, would have
moved to strike it out; but I understand him to
say that he will vofe for it. f do not know that I j
am prejf&red to say that the item ought to be j
stricken out. I am prepared to say, however, that j
it demands some explanation at the hands of those ;
who bring it before us. What is this bill? It is ■
not one of the regular appropriation bills. It is a j.
bill for supplying the deficiencies of appropriations j
for the fiscal year. Four missions, then, were for- I
gotten in the general appropriation bills. Pour (
missions were left unattended to by those who j
made the estimates for the year, and by us who |
looked into the subject. Now, sir, the title of this !
bill is probably a misnomer. This is a creation of 1
four new missions at the places which are named 1
in the item which is under consideration. And
now we are not quite content, it appears, to have 1
these chargcships filled; we are not satisfied to
establish the second grade of missions, but there i
is now a motion before us to raise one of them to ;
the rank of minister plenipotentiary. And for j
what purpose? A minister to the Papal States.' [
To what end? Why, I think it is sufficiently ob-
would come here, and demand further appropria-
tions, in order to meet the ordinary expenditures.
I would be glad to know how it happens that the
officers of the Government, whose duty it is to
make the estimates, are always under such a great
misapprehension in regard to the expenditures of
particular departments of the Government. We
have a deficiency, for example, in one branch of the
army expenditures of five millions of dollars, and
in another of three or four millions. I wo.uld be
glad to know how it happens that the estimates of
a department, where the business is so well under-
stood as in the Navy Department, can be so inac-
curate as to fall short some eight or ten thousand
dollars for the pay of the clerks m that department.
I find in this bill, under the head of the army, in i
the Quartermaster's department, an additional ap-
propriation of five millions of dollars, to carry out
the operations- of that single department of the
army. I find also m the department of clothing
and subsistence three millions more are required to
meet the expenditures of that department. 1 will
not go into an examination of the various items of
this bill; but I should be glad to hear from the
chairman of the committee some explanation; and
I should be glad to hear him state the amount of
-money which is proposed to be appropriated by
this bill as it came from the House; and also the
amount which it is proposed to add by the amend-
ments which are to be inserted here.
Mr. ATHERTON. The amount appropriated
by the bill as it caipe from the House, I believe, is
a little over thirteen millions of dollars.
Mr. CLAYTON. I make it over fourteen mil-
lions.
Mr. ATHERTON. I believe it will be found
that the biil as it came from the House appropri-
ates for the current fiscal year ^13,237,166 98.
There has been an appropriation already passed at
the present session, for the subsistence in kind of
the regular army and the voluifteers, of one mil-
lion of dollars, which makes the sum for deficiency
in the whole over fourteen millions. As it regards
the reason why the additional appropriations are
required, I can only say, that they arose probably
from the military operations costing more in some
instances than they were cxpected to cost, from a
larger number of troops having been called out and
vious, from what haa been said, that it is a mere ;i from the military operations having been more ex-
complimentary thing. It is svell understood that j{ tensive than was anticipated when the original es-
there is no commerce, no trade or intercourse with ' timates were sent in; but all the estimates which
those "States, which demands, as a matter of busi- !! are contained in this bill, with theaddition of afew
ness, any notice at all. Will you send out a mis- jj slight amendments, were contained in the letter of
sion which is a mere complimentary mission? The !i the Secretary, which was sent to the Senate at the
objection I have to it is, in the first place, that a jj commencement of the session, with the exception
compliment of that nature is wholly unnecessary, ji of the four millions which i have mentioned.
It is not demanded by any circumstances which II Mr. HALE. I do not know that I should make
exist, and n is introducing a decidedly bad prece- (I any remarks at all upon this amendment, as I in-
dent. There is a constant effort made to raise the
grade of our foreign ministers^verywhere. I think
it was only at the last session that we had laid upon
our table a long argument, by somebody, in wlfich
the writer attempted to prove that the interests of
this country were sacrificed in reducing the mission
to Austria from a plenipotentiary to a charge d'af- I
faiies, and we were called upon to restore the mis-
sion to its former rank. The arguments, however, !
failed to prevail, and our minister remained theie
in his new capacity, although, I believe, a threat i
had been thrown out that he would resign. j
Now, what I desire to know is, how any such :
emergency has sprung up at this time as to make '
it necessary to introduce here four new missions 1
to foreign Governments. I desire to know, sir, n
whether there be anything new in the relations h
between us and the countries named—any tiling !,
that has occurred since we were last together—to
make it necessary to legislate in this special way i
upon tins subject. I should be very thankful to
the chtmynan of the committee for a little informa-
tend to vote against the whole bill* on the ground
that it contains appropriations for the prosecution
of the war m Mexico. But I beg tot:all the atten-
tion of the chairman of the Finance Committee to
the rather singular fact, that our expenditures have
become so enormous, that a few "mistakes" in
the calculations of the Treasury Department—a
few mere slips of the pen—involve a larger amount
than the whole annual expenditure during the Ad-
ministration of General Jackson. Then, I believe,
the annual expenditure was about fourteen mil-
lions, and here we have a bill for supplying mere
deficiencies which calls for nearly sixteen mil-
lions!
Mr. ATHERTON. If the gentleman will spare
me one moment, I would beg to remind him, that
in the House a clause was added to the bill appro-
priating $800,000 for the service of the next year,
which has nothing to do with the supply of the
deficiency in the current year.
Mr. HALE. Why, that is a very small matter
indeed, when our expenses are a hundred millions
Hon upon several other points in this bill, I should ,, annually. It appears, however, making the de~
be glad to know why it becomes necessary to le- duction which is now suggested, that, according
gislate to such an extent, as this bill seems to im- ;j to the report of the Secretary of the Treasury, the
ply, to supply deficiencies; in other words, how 1; appropriations last year amounted to fifty-five mil*
it happens that the estimates which were made to <: lions, and that he expended fifty-nine millions; so
carry us through the year, when we were together i1 that, adding the amount involved in the present
at the last session, happened to prove so utterly bill, the whole sum will be about seventy millions
inadequate for the objects for which they were in- of dollars. Now, sir, during the last war with
tended? I should be glad to know how it hap-
pened. I can remember very well that it was said
on this flooi,when those estimates were under
discussion, that they were inadequate; that they
would not carry the Government through the year,
from the 30th June to the 30th Juno; but that you
: Great Britain, when we were fighting her on all
I our coasts, and our navy was gaming laurels on
! every sea on which we had commerce to be assail-
; ed and protected, our expenditure was only thirty-
two millions.
i Mr. ATHERTON. The Senator is mistaken
as to one fact. This deficiency of ten millions is
included in the estimate of expenditures of the cur-
rent year; so that there are only four millions to
be added, making the anqual expenditure sixty
millions.
Mr. HALE. I have the documents before me.
I see, by the report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, that the appropriations of last year amounted
to fifty-five millions; and here is an addition of
fifteen millions more, not going into the estimates,
but to supply deficiencies. Am I not right?
Mr. ATHERTON. Does the Senator mean
for the current fiscal year?
Mr. HALE. The year ending 30th June.
Mr. ATHERTON. In order to get at the
amount of the expenditures for this year, the ap-
propriations for the Post Office Department and
the deficiencies of last year must be deducted; and
I believe the Senator will find that the result is as
I have stated, about sixty millions.
Mr. HALE. I have not gone into the details
of this matter, but t have calculated the amount a3
1 read the document. I wish, however, to call the
attention of the Senate and the country to the fact,
that while it cost us about thirty millions a year
to fight the most powerful nation on earth, along
 our whole coast, from Eastport to New Orleans,
and whilst our navy was victoriously engaged on
every ocean where there was American commerce
to be protected, even in the harbors of South
America, it now costs us seventy millions of doi-^
iars, or sixty millions,- according to the explana-
tion now given, to carry on this war with Mexico,
and that the appropriations are increasing, as has
been insisted on by the Senator from Connecticut.
I merely mention this as a somewhat significent
fact. By the by, I hope that when the Senator
from Connecticut referred to the danger of appoint-
ing "stump orators" and hack politicians to diplo-
matic stations, he had no reference to any late
nominations which have been made.
But to come to the question before the Senate on
the amendment. 1 confess that I have regarded
the recommendation of the President, which has
been seconded by the committee, to send a mis-
sion to the Papal States, with a great deal of inter-
est and pleasure. F regard it as a sign of progress
—as in some sort the " bringing forth of fruits
meet for repentance"—that an Administration,
which, for two years past, has been appealing to
the lust of war and rapine, and been stimulating
all that is brutal in humanity, has so far changed
its policy, and is about to appeal to popular pas-
sion in a much less exceptionable manner. I have
no doubt of the truth of what the honorable Sen-
ator from North Carolina [Mr. Badger] has said,
that this is a mere pandering to the Roman Catho-
lic voters of this country. X ask my friend if it is
not much more reasonable, and rational,and Chris-
tian, to pander 
Mr. FOOTE. Am I to understand that the Sen-
ator from North Carolina has preferred so grave a
charge?
Mr. HALE. So I understand him.
Mr. FOOTE. Did he say " pander?"
Mr. HALE. If he did not say so, I will say
so. I have no doubt of it.
Mr. FOOTE. Does the Senator understand the
term which he has employed ?
Mr. HALE. I have not got a dictionary at
hand, and really make no pretensions to great lex-
icographical knowledge.
Mr. FOOTE. Did the Senator ever hear of
Pandarus ?
Mr. HALE. Oh I I will endeavor to meet the
nice taste of the~Senator. I will use another term.
I will say that it is fishing for Roman Catholic
votes; and I certainly think that this is quite an
improvement in the diplomacy of the last twenty-
two months, so far as regards the neighboring Re-
public of Mexico. But why should this minister
be sent? It is admitted on all hands that we have
no commercial interests to be protected in the Papal
States. It is designed merely as a compliment to
the Pope. Well, if compliment be intended, why
not extend it to San Marino, which, amid the
changing destinies of Italy, has maintained its re-
publican institutions for hundredsund hundreds of
years? Why not first extend this compliment to
that ancient republic, instead of to the Pope of
Rome? And if there be any pretence that we have'
there commercial interests which require protec-
tion, why not send a minister to Hayti, where there
are still larger commercial interests to be protected,
