184a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
511
having just and well-founded claims on this Gov-
ernment, and wher.p our citizens cannot get even a
hearing, beeause we have.no accredited agent? It
seems to me, sir, that there should be some uniform
*system adopted'with regard to the appointment of
our diplomatic agents abroad; and I certainly think
that the emergency must be very pressing indeed,
which requires the insertion of this proposition in
a bill which I had supposed was, what it purports
to be, a measure for supplying deficiencies in the
appropriations. The deficiency is, it appears to
me, large enough, without adding to it the expense
involved in the establishing of this mission.
Mr. FOOTE. I intend to trespass only a very
few minutes on the time of the Senate, and I rise
chiefly for the purpose of making some remarks
in reference to the extraordinary charge brought
against the Administration by the gentleman who
has just taken his seat. Far be it from me to ac-
cuse the Senator of anything like plagiarism; but
I do feel authorized to suggest, that at least the
laws of,good taste were not duly considered, in
introducing, from any source whatever, however
' distinguished, such a sentiment as that which so
signally deformed a portion of the speech which
we have heard from him this morning. He has
very loudly and fiercely preferred a serious charge
against the Administration. After good natur$dly
confessing that the explanation of his colleague in
relation -to fiscal deficiencies was so satisfactory,
that he was.not able to show anything to the con-
trary successfully, in a fit of desperate earnestness,
he has undertaken to suggest—not orginally, but
by borrowing from the Senator from I^orth Caro-
lina—that this is an attempt on the part of the Ad-
ministration to pander to Catholic feeling—using
a term which, in all languages, is recognized as
coarse and vulgar. I did not hear the speech of
the Senator from North Carolina, and, until his
silence disappointed me, I ha'd hoped that the igno-
ble attempt to excite sectarian feeling in opposition
to this bill, was original with the Senator from
New Hampshire. But the significantand eloquent
silence of the Senator from North Carolina, evinces
that he has been correctly reported, and that with
him (jiid originate this most extraordinary accusa-
tion. The Administration, then, is charged with
an attempt to "pander" to Catholic feeling. I
shall make no elaborate vindication of the Admin-
istration against an allegation which I hold to be
equally absurd and malignant.
Mr. "MANQUM. 1 do not know for what
reason my colleague does not choose to explain.
But I understand that he used no such expres-
sion.
Mr. FOOTE. I am very glad to hear it. I can
only way that the colleague of the gentleman who
has just sat down, do«'s himself great injustice
when ho suffers himself to he misquoted in his
own presence. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire, then, stands convicted of gross misquota-
tion; and if the Senator from New Hampshire,
laboring under an erroneous impression, adopted
the expression on the ground of authority, and not
of its intrinsic merit, I trust he will speedily re-
nounce it. I was about to say that, as one of the
humblest members of the Democratic party, i
should disdain an elaborate arid formal vindication
of the Administration against the charge in ^ques-
tion—which I have denounced already as alike
absurd and malignant, and incapable of any sup-
port whatever from anything that can be called
evidence. Pandering to Catholic feeling! 1 am
not a member of any church. I have oniy had
the honor of being born in a Christian country,
and have always paid—as I trust I have felt—a
decent respect to the religion of my forefathers,
and all those religious institutions which I have
ever undoubtedly believed to be conservative of
the great principles of civil and religious liberty,
and affording the surest safeguard which to the
mind of man has been ever reserved, for the per-
manence everywhere of all that is valuable to him
as a moral being. I have no partiality for any
particular church or creed. But, as an American—
iis the citizen of a country in which the various
forms of belief are alike free, I should scorn my-
self, if I permuted the existence in my bosom of
any such feelings as those attributed to the Ad-
ministration in the debate of this morning, Al-
though not a member of a church, I can say, with
my hand on my heart, that I have beheld with
emotions of delight the advance of the Christian
cause in all the countries of Christendom. In the
success of Episcopalians, Catholics, Methodists,
and all other religious denominations, I haye sym-
pathized with equal warmth. I have never expe-
rienced the slightest apprehension in regard to the
multiplication of the strength of any branch of the
Christian church. Under our Constitution, we
have nothing to fear from any Such influences as
those alluded to. '
But it is declared that this is an attempt to
"pander" to Catholic feeling, in advance of the
Presidential election. In the first place, I have to
say, that from my knowledge of the clergy and
people of the Catholic communion,- they would
scorn to be used for such a purpose; and I know
enough of the Administration to assert that no such
idea could ever have been conceived by them.
Pandering to the Catholics of this country! The
gentleman may be more familiar than I am with
the business of corrupt bargaining for popular suf-
frages. It is, 1 trust, a process not common in
this country. At any rate, I live in a part of the
world where the thing is not practised, and where,
if practised, it would be punished in the most sig-
nal manner. I know that demagogism is to be
met with in all sections of the country, and that
this business of bargaining for votes is not alto-
gether unknown in various places. I will not say
that the history,of the Senator,"but that his expe- ;
rience and means of observation in the part of the
country where he resides, may have enabled him
to obtain more information in regard to this mat-
ter of corrupt bargaining for votes than I have
enjoyed. But surely this groundless and illiberal
suggestion, that the President of the United States
and those with whom he advises are attempting
by this movement to " pander" to the Catholics,
is a charge not worthy even of the extended no-
tice which I have given it. I advance to another ;
topic, on which I will detain the Senate only a
moment.
I intend to vote for a full mission to Rome, and
I have only one reason; but it is with me a potent
one. Whatever others may say, I do not hesitate
to avow, that I recognize the present Pope of
Rome, the head of the Catholic Church as he is, as
the man of t'he age—the head of the great reform
movement of the Euiopean world—the man who
has dared to borrow light from this country, and
diffuse it throughout the dominion in which he
bears rule. His name is now identified with the
cause of civil and religious liberty in the/Md World;
and although not one single dollar's worth of com-
merce were carried on between this country and
the Papal States, 1 would zealously advocate the
establishment of diplomatic relations with the sov-
ereign Pontiff. Using the language of the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Daws.,] I would, even
a« a complimentary mark of our .sympathy, send
this mission to the Pope. As the champion of
freedom, he is worthy of our highest regard—our
sincerest reverence—our most devout affection.
It is suggested that perhaps Austria may be of-
fended. Well, I do not desire to say anything to
offend Austria; but I am sure I should be ashamed
of this Government if, from fear of offending Aus-
tria, it should be restrained from doing what is
right in this matter. It has, indeed, been said that
the Pope of Rome is sustained by Austria. Why,
can it be forgotten that Austrian bayonets are at
this moment opposing freedom in Italy? Do we
not know that the cause of libdf'ty lias been con-
tinually assailed, amid blood, and fire, and deso-
lation, by the armies of Austria? And yet Aus-
tria must be propitiated! I think, sir, from what
we learn of recent movements in France,-and the
convulsed state of Portugal, Spain, and the Aus-
trian dominions in the neighborhood of the Rhine,
that that Power has something else to do at pres-
ent, besides watching, with vigilant jealousy, our
actions towards Italy and other countries. I be-
lieve, sir, that the piesent is eminently an auspi-
cious moment in which to send an embassy ro
Rome. Not that I would attempt anything in the
spirit of propagandism. Far be it from me to in-
terfere in the conduct of civil affairs in any part of
Italy. , But, sir, the Pope is leading in the great
regenerative movement which already threatens
the speedy extinction of monarchical government
throughout the civilized woild; and does it become
us, in a spirit of heartless indifference, to decline
even a cold and formal recognition of the struggle
for popular freedom'1 Whatever others may do\
1 am determined to do all I can, with such limited
influence as I possess, to advance that cause in
Europe, by extending to it my warmest sym- -
pathies.   .
I have meant nothing unkind, and I trust have
said nothing unkind; but I honestly believe that
the sentiments of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire are worthy of the severest censure, and, hav-
ing endeavored to express my strong disapprobation
of them, I shall not longer trespass on the attention
of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. Perhaps I should make some ex-
planation to the Senator from North Carolina. I
certainly did not mean to misquote or misrepresent
him. I am sure he will not supp#se that I could
do so.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly not.
Mr. HALE. Now, one word as to what was
said, which produced suchaflood of eloquence from
the gentleman from Mississippi. I certainly did
not expect that that gentleman and myself would
very cordially agree in certain political matters.
Our positions on some subjects are wide apart,and,
therefore, itdoes not seriously disturb my equanim*
ity to find him quite antagonistic in reference to
these questions. ' When the Senator came down
upon my political position, with all his Jupiter
Tonans thundering eloquence, I regarded it as a"
matter of couise. But really, sir, when a gentle-
man of his refined taste, eloquence of diction, puri-
ty of style, chasteness of manner, and everything
that'contributes to the character of a perfect orator,
is compelled, reluctantly compelled, I doubt not, to
pronounce mv poor efforts vulgar, I do feel bad !"
Mr. FOOTE. 1 did not pronounce the effort
vulgar.
Mr. HALE. It was the language then?
Mr. FOOTE. No ; it was the sentiment. And
if the Senator will refer to the original, he will find
that what I say is strictly true. " Vulgar" is de-
rived from the word " vulgus," which means the
common people; and the term simply implies that
the sentiment is common among the masses.
Mr. HALE. Ah ! that is all ?
Mr. FOOTE. Certainly.
Mr. HALE.* Then I am very glad to find that
my sentiments are becoming so popular! Now,
. I do not travel with the dictionary in my pocket,
but one of the pages has brought me one of those
big dictionaries which we had in the Senate the
other day, when the Senator from Kentucky Jost
so much in not being present to hear.
Mr. FOOTE. Ah! take care! That may have
been in secret session !
Mr. HALE. If so, it has now got out! I do
not know, however, but that if the public were here
and listened to our poor debates, they would hardly
think that the injunction had been taken off the
dictionaiies ! Btit I have the dictionary before me,
and I find that this vulgar" word——-
Mr. FOOTE. What dictionaiy is it?
Mr. MALE. Compiled by one Sam Johnson !
I find, sir, that this lt vulgar" word was used in
common by that vulgar fellow, Shakspeare, also
by one Dryden, one Rowe, and a man who used
to write doggerel, one John Milton. All of them
used this ""vulgar" word " pander!" Now, in its
direct application to this very case, I said that I
believed that this was an attempt on the part of the
Administration to " pander" to the Roman Cath-
olic voteis, or Roman Catholic prejudices, and I
1 gave credit to the Senator from North Carolina 
Mr. FOOTE. The Senator has not read theau-
; thorities. Will he allow me to look at them for a
i moment' I do not undertake to deny that the word
| is to be found in the dictionary, or that Shakspeare
' used it; but I meant to say that it was a word a\-
; ways intended for purposes of scurrility—of vulgar
; meaning—and, like many other epithets in Shaks-
> pearc, not appropriate on all occasions, and certainly
| not becoming m such a dignified body as this,
i Mr. HALE. I shall read the authorities. Here
is one:
0,y<-' pandciin? rascals, there's a conspiracy against me.
[Laughter.]
I Mr. FOOTE. Very well. Would Jhe Senator
affirm that" rascal" is parliamentary language-'
; Mr. CAMERON. Would the Senator be su good
! as to read the authority as;ain; some of us on this
side did not hear it distinctly ?
Mr. HALE. Certainly—with great pleasure,
sir:
«0,ye pandering rascals, there's a conspiracy against me ! 
Why sir if I had searched the dictionary from
beo-innmg toend,I could not have hit upon awoid
wfich more clearly expresses what I meant to
