THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR Si RIVES,
30th Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, MARCH 24, 1848.
New Series No. 33.
atives, to tender, in the form of a legislative vote,
the sympathies of ttte American people to the
struggling Greeks. But now, it seems, we are to
stand by and behold unmoved the attempt of the
head of a government to extend theliberties of his
people despite of the opposition of neighboring
despots, who fear, in the progress of Italian reform,
that their thrones may be endangered. We are
told that we have no commerce on the Tiber, and
that we must on no account expend nine thousand
dollars in order to aid the course of freedom
throughout the world ! Sir, I hope we shall; and
I hope further, that there will be spirit enough
within the walls of this Capitol to tender the con-
gratulations of Congress, in the name of the peo-
ple, to their triumphant brethren in France, before
we adjourn. That is what 1 hope. We know
what fs going on in the world, and we cannot "avoid
taking sides, at all events by sympathy and by all
the moral influences that we can bring to bear.
We cannot avoid taking sides with the people of
Eurppe without betraying the great cause of hu-
man liberty.
We live in an age of the world when great truths
are established too glaring for any man to say,
" I look but see not!" One great truth has been
established within the last forty days; and 1 pro-
nounce it one of the most important truths which
has been politically established since the found-
ation of society, and it is this: that armed men
no longer afford a guarantee to despotism. Stand-
ing armies can no longer be relied on to sustain
thrones, but, on the contrary, mix and mingle
with the oppressed multitude, and are the fiist to
reduce those tluones to aihes. That is the great
truth of the age. It has just been established in
France—established in the presence of a hundred
thousand bayonets in the pay of the crown ! That,
sir, js worth more than all the discoveries with re-
gard to steam and electricity that have been made,
no matter how much bragging there may have
been about the use of these elements. There are
but two powers in the government of man now in
operation—force and public opinion. Force has
failed in the heart of Europe, and the governments
there must forever rest upon opinion, and that
opinion founded upon the enlightened^reason of
the people.
I am driven by the, nature of the discussion fur
from my purpose when I rose. Btu 1 cannot but
think the events in Europe at this hour, which, in
connection with the acts of the head of the Papal
States, are, by an involuntary association of ideas,
brought up in connection wiih this measure. It is
impossible to speak of the recent interesting events
in Italy without reference to the regeneration of
France. I shall vote, sir, for the establishment of
a mission of the highest grade to the Papal States.
Mr. BADGER. The observations of the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio make it necessary that I
should occupy the attention of the Senate fora few
moments. I do not propose to follow him in the
wide field into which he has entered, nor to ques-
tion any of his gigantic conceptions with regard to
recent events in France; but to come back simply
to the consideration of the question before the
Senate. The Senator from Ohio stated that some
one had objected to the establishment of this mis-
sion to Rome, because the sovereign of that coun-
try was a member of a particular church, and as
in answer to a question put by my colleague,
whether the reference was to any remarks made
by him, the Senator from Ohio answered in the
negative', it occurred as possible, that the honora-
ble Senator might have referred to something
which fell from mc the other day. '
Mr. ALLEN. I may state that I had direct and
exclusive reference to the remarks of the Senator
from North Carolina, and his argument, which
was, that the Protestant people of the United States
would mark this transaction.
Mr. BADGER. I understand, then, the Sena-
tor has just now attributed to me the remark that
I had objected to the establishment of this mission
because the head of that Government is a member
of a particular church. It is very certain that I
-said no such thing as the Senator just now attri-
33
butes to me, and I think it is equally certain that
no such thing can be deduced from what I did say.
Certainly I never objected to the establishment of
this mission because the sovereign of Rome is a
membef of a particular church. Such an expres-
sion never fell from me; and I am certain that I
never conceived such an idea. Without profess-
ing to have any superior information on the sub-
ject, I was certainly aware that the sovereigns of
all the countries of Europe with whom we have
diplomatic relations, are members of paiticular
churches, or religious communities. However, I
will endeavor to re-state my objection, and make
it so clear that the ground which I take cannot be
possibly confounded by Anybody with the error of
objecting to a mission to a foreign Government be-
cause its head is the member of a church.
This mission must be recommended to us by
son^e considerations either of interest to ourselves,
or the general welfare of society. It is recom-
mended by the President on the ground of u re-
cent interesting political events," in progress in
Italy, under the direction of the present Pope; and,
secondly, on the ground of exercising a due over-
sight over our commercial interests in that part of
the world. Now, with regard to the latter, it
seems to be conceded, as I undeistand, by every
gentleman in the Senate, who has taken part in
this discussion, that we have no commercial inter-
ests with the Papal States that require this mis-
sion; that as these interests arc small and incon-
siderable, and have been sufficiently provided'for
by the three American consuls in the Papal States,
so they may safely be left to the same superintend-
ence m future. The honorabie Senator looks down
with scorn at the idea of troubling ourselves with
any such sublunary matters as commercial interest;
and, soaring entirely above any of those earthly
regions which we occupy, has gone on a transcend-
ental excursion in pursuit of reasons why we
should institute this mission to Rome. Now, the
President of the United States, in his message, has
made the commercial interests of the country one
of the grounds on which he thinks this mission
ought to be established. l>cing myself rather a
plain man, and not at^Il given to transcendental
views of any kind, I cannot forbear thinking that
an American Senate may ho more properly engaged
in considering if the commercial interests of tins
country require the institution of this mission.
The general impression seems to he that they do
not require it. On what other ground is it asked
that now, at this particular time, this mission shall
be established, and either a minister or a charge
sent to the Papal States? " The recent political
events in Rome," which the honorable Senator
from Ohio has spoken of as if there had been some
real change in the political condition of the people
of Rome—as if Pope Pius the Ninth had adopted
some measures by which absolute power should
be mitigated, and some degree of popular rights
established. The Senator speaks of the Pope as
if he were-engaged in an effort to establish civil
and religious liberty. Pie speaks of the sympathy
which every American heait should feel for all
such movements in every part of the world. Well,
then, when such a movement does take place, I
hope I shall have a reasonable and just degree of
sympathy for it; but I must have some little evi-
dence pf its existence before that sympathy can be
awakened. Now, I ask the honorable Senator
from Ohio, who is no doubt familiar with all these
event3 in Rome, what step the Pope has taken to-
wards the establishment either of religious or civil
freedom* Has he granted to the people of his
States a legislative chamber? Has he given them
any participation in the privileges of government?
Has he permitted freedom of speech and of the
press? Has he abolished the censorship? Has
he granted universal religious toleration ? Has he
abridged any portion of the power which he re-
ceived from his predecessors? Has he interposed
a single barrier in any form to the exercise of that
absolute control over his subjects which he has
received from his predecessors and which he means
to hand down to those who are to succeed him?
Not at all. He has made some municipal reforms.
He has shown himself to be a kind and good
master to his subjects; but not only has lie done
nothing by which their condition as the subjects
of an absolute sovereign may be mitigated, but he
has expressly disavowed the intention of making
any such change. But, says the Senator from
Ohio, we are to send out this mission for the pur-
pose of tendering our congratulations to the people
of the Panal States upon the advancement that they
have made in the establishment of their liberties
under the patronage of their sovereign Pontiff. Do
they assemble in conventions? Do they meet in
legislative bodies ? Have they any representation
whatever by which they are recognized as a power
in the State, and to which these congratulations
can be tendered? Not at all. They are kindly,
beneficently governed, and as far an their personal
welfare is concerned, they are wisely governed by
the sovereign Pontiff. But it seems to me. that the
Senator forgets the nature of that sovereignty. It
is as the first Bishop of the Church that the Pope
possesses any temporal power. The Government
is, as has been very well expressed by Malte
Brun—
"An elective monaichy, having for its domain the* eartli,
on which it only occupies a point; :m<l for empire, tho
lieavrns, from which it looks at km«s a  its. inferiors.."
When the Pope dies, how is hi3 successor ap-
pointed ? The succession is not by hereditary de-
scent; there is no election by the people; the choice
is made by the sacred college of Cardinals.
Mr. WEBSTER, (in his seat.) From one of
their own number.
Mr. BADGER. Yes; and that college consists,
I believe, of seventy members—bishops, priests,
deacons. They meet and select one of their
body as the successor of the late Pontiff, and he
derives all his power from that body. They choose
the Pope. He is elected by a body of priests, and
succeeds to an absolute power over the people of
the Papal States. It is, therefore, an absolute, un-
broken, and unmitigated despotism. In using that
term, i mean no reproach to the present Pontiff,
who is, as I sincerely believe, greatly in advance
of a large proportion of the distinguished person-
ages who have occupied the Papal chair. But the
government is, of necessity, a despotism; although
it by no means follows, that the individual who
exercises the power may be, in his heart, a despot.
Vet, the present Pope has made no approximation
to freedom, in the Ameucan sense of the term1.
What do we understand by freedom ? Not merely
the protection extended by a kind and bcncficcnt
ruler. It isf to be subjected to the government of
a known law. Il is, to have guarantees that our
rights shall not he invaded; and amongst these
rights, is the exercise of the elective franchise by
the body of the people. It is, to enjoy a share in
legislation, which is null and void, without the
assent of our people. Now it is impossible, in my
view of it, that the Pope can establish such a sys-
tem of free government in his dominions. We all
know that it is one of the claims put forth b)' the
sovereign Pontiff, that he was consumed " prince
over all nations and kingdoms"—" he plucks up,
pulls down, destroys, plants, and builds," at his
sovereign pleasure—exercising, in short, all those
powers claimed by Pope Pius the Fifth, in his
famous Bull of Excommunication. We know that
the church, of which the Pope is the head, never
changes. Other things may change, but the Cath-
olic church changes not. What was once claimed
by her, is ever claimed by her. It is true, in the
progress ofcivihzation, in modern times, the power
to exercise the claimed authority over the nations
and kingdoms of the earth hab fallen into disuse,
because it can be no longer carried into execution,
and because, perhaps, there is no disposition to
carry it out. But this power is still claimed,
is impossible, then, according to this 0 )e
Papal authority and government, that the Pope
could divide the authority with the people of his
States, which has been annexed to his spnitual
kingdom, in order to give it external dignity and
16 It seems'tome, that when this matter comes to
be carefully considered, it must be regarded as
