1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSEV
515
tempt to supersede him by a Lieutenant General.
The Administration was willing to let General
Scott go forward against "Vera Cruz; and many
regarded it as a desperate undertaking, many deem-
ed it impracticable to capture Vera Cruz. The
gentleman the' Administration selected td be the
Lieutenant General so' regarded it; General Tay-
lor, too, spoke doubtingly of it, and said that the
attempt ought not to be made with less than 25,000
men. But the Administration were willing that
General Scott should go there, that he might take
the responsibility of the expedition in case of a
failure, and be superseded by a Lieutenant General
if he succeeded. General Scott succeeded at Vera*
Cruz, and subsequently at Cerro Gordo; and he
had the authority of a gentleman of experience in
such matters, then in his eye, [turning to Colonel
Haskell,] for saying that, but for the consummate
skill displayed by General Scott in turning the
enemy's position, the valor of our troops would
have failed to force the passage. Perhaps the only
thing to be regretted in those brilliant achievements
was that which was occasioned by one of Mr.
Polk's own friends, (General Pillow,) in exposing
the regiment of a friend of his (Mr. C.'s) unneces-
sarily. General Scott then succeeded with con-
summate ability, and he proceeded on his march
to the city of Mexico; but when he arrived at
Jalapa he found the Administration had failed to
furnish him with the ten thousand troops whiclr
were promised. It was not three days since he
heard a friend of this Administration assail General
Scott for discharging the volunteers before their
time had expired. Why, their time expired in
June, and General Scott found, in the month of
April, that they could not march to the city of
Mexico for want of wagons, hoises, and other
means of transportation. lie discovered that their
time would expire before they could march, and
therefore he sent them home that they might escape
the vomito. And yet General Scott was assailed
for that! In one of General Scott's letters (he
alluded to one written from Puebla, 25th July) he
complained of this failure on the part of the Ad-
ministration in sending him troops and means of
transportation; and he says that the first communi-
cation he received from the department, after the
capture of Vera Cruz, contained a censure, and,
after the -victory of Cerro Gordo, without one word
of commendation, he had been condemned for dis-
charging On parole the prisoners taken, at the latter
place. He adds, that he would go on with his gal-
lant army, infefior in numbers as it was, aftd that
in five or six weeks he would reach the city of
Mexico, unless stopped by a peace or armistice;
at which place, according to the rate at which the
censures were processing, he thought it likely {hut
he would bo suspended from command. In this
matter ho exhibited his usual sagacity and fore-
sight, as subsequent events have shown. General
Scott's correspondence, as sent in, shows all this,
but it has not been furnished to this House. Why
should the correspondence of General Worth with
General Scott he published and this withheld?
It would be monstrous to suppose that the intel-
lect of our rulers was so distorted and utterly per-
verted as to think, that in this correspondence
there was anything to justify the Administration
in its course "towards this injured soldier. The
Administration seemed to think that the crime he
had committed was so enormous as to render it
necessary he should be tried on the spot, in the
very presence of the enemy, and before the gallant
army he bad led to victory. A quartermaster, a
new colonel, and a militia officer, were sent to try
him. All the proceedings of the court martial had
- been kept in the most profound darkness. Thus,
at the close of the most brilliant campaign in the
national annals, this brave and accomplished leader
found himself suspended from command. In less
than six months he had taken Vera Cru?., with its
impregnable castle; he had marched four hundred
miles into the heart of a country the most difficult,
by reason of its physical features, armed and pre-
pared to resist him at every step, with a force of
less than ten thousand men; with this little band
he had put to rout thirty thousand men of the
enemy, intrenched in positions the strongest by
nature and art, skillfully turning them in every in-
stance, and had stormed and taken a walled city
of two hundred thousand inhabitants, utterly an-
nihilating the army opposed to him, and capturing
in his march seven hundred pieces of cannon. And
for this he had been suspended, The despatches
showed what had at first been the temper of Trist
towards General Scott. Why had General Scott
been thus suspended ? To show, as it would seem,
the authority of the Administration ! To demon-
strate the great power and dignity of Mr. Presi-
dent Polk'and his Government, the conqueror of
Mexico must be overthrown. But Mr. C. would
tell gentlemen that if they imagined that the Amer-
ican people viewed such a proceeding with indif-
ference, they would find themselves under a great
mistake. Wherever Mr. C. had gone, and where-
ever his information extended, there was a deep
feeling of indignation at such treatment in reward
for such services. And he should be greatly dis-
appointed if the Administration had not raised in
the country a storm which they would be little
able to meet. They seemed to desire to make an
exhibition of General Scott under arrest. It re-
minded him of a passage in history, recorded in a
book which was not so often read as it deserved to
be. He alluded to the scriptural account of the
manner in which Samson was treated by his con-
querors. Having got the strong man, at whose
name they trembled, into their power, they bound
him, and reserved him for exhibition on State oc-
casions. In one instance, when brought forth be-
fore the people to make them sport, he laid his
hands on the main pillars of the edifice,and brought
it down in ruins upon the lords of the Philistines.
If the present Administration did not experience a
like fate at the hands of the people, it would owe
its escape to other causes than its own merits.
General Scott, in one of his letters from Puebla,
looking on the inadequate force with which he was
about to march upon the capital, predicted that he
should have a thousand of his men killed befmo he
icached it, all whose lives might have been saved
had he been furnished with the foiee suitable and
proper for such a conquest. Rut with the leeble
command he led, he had pushed his triumphant
way in the face of the most unequal opposition,
every day fighting a battle, till lie entered the gates
of Mexico m triumph. One is reminded ol an
incident of European history. After the battle ol
Pavia, Charles V., having his rival Francis a pris-
oner, asked of a French peasant who was brought
before him, 44 how many days'journey is it to
Paris?" "Twelve, sir," was the reply; u but
they will bo days of battle." There was, how-
ever, one striking difference between the cases.
Though Charles was only twelve days' journey
from Paris, he was never able to reach it; but Scott
did reach Mexico, marching on steadily, though
he had to fight a battle?each day.
Mr. C. said he had been told that the I)uko of
Wellington—one of the best men in the world to
pronounce an opinion on such a subject—had de-
clared that, with a full knowledge of the country
assailed and its natural means of defence, he had
not supposed there was a captain in the world who
could take the city with such means; but that Scott
had moved on as regularly as a general would
march in time of peace, exhibiting the most con-
summate skill and indomitable courage. Nor was
this all his glory. He had, besides,eilected a treaty
of peace—a treaty which, to be sure, was not all
that could have been desired, but that was no fault
of his. The Administration had not trusted him
with its negotiation. Although he had shown such
proofs of his capacity in civil as well as political
movements; although he had been sent by General
Jackson (no personal friend of his) to keep the
peace at Charleston in the days of nullification,
and subsequently by Mr. Van Buren to the Maine
border, as well as to put down the insurrection on
the Canada line, and m each case he hud succeed-
ed in his mission; yet the present Administration
could not trust him, but had appointed the head
clerk in the Department of State, to manage a dip-
lomatic mission of this weight and impoitance.
The correspondence contained sufficient evidence
of what sort of a man this clerk was; and though
but little, compaiatively, had been given, we could
tell Hercules by his foot; and this diplomatic cler-
ical subordinate,in what did appear, vilified General
Scott, in the most insulting language, and talked of
u bringing h:m down from the clouds, wheie he
had attempted to soar over the heads of ordinary
men." General Scott treated this functionary with
merited contempt. But (from what cause, did not
appear) in a few months this person wholly changed
his tone; and writing home about General Scott,
declared him to be the ^visest and greatest man in
the world. General Scott had fought his way to
the capital of Mexico, and having driven the op-
posing armies before him, and dispersed and anni-
hilated their force, made a treaty of peace. If.it
was deemed a bad treaty, General Scott, was not
responsible for its defects. It was his duty to effect
peace by such a treaty as the Administration would
sanction. For the Administration, it was a most
lame and impotent conclusion of their ill-conducted
war. They had begun the war with the declara-
tion that they must have not only what Mexico
owed ourcitizens forspoliations,butindemnityalso
for the cost of the war itself, and security for the ful-
fillment of the terms of peace. But, instead of all ,
this, this humbled Administration got only a quit-
claim to Texas, ^ which they insisted had been ours
before)—agreed to pay Mexico's debt to our citi-
zens for spoliations, and for two worthless provinces
had stipulated besides to give her fifteen millions of
dollars. A glorious consummation, indeed ! Why,
we gave but fifteen millions for Louisiana, which
was worth twenty times the value of both put to-
gether. This was doifig wonders, truly, after having
spent a hundred millions in the war, and lost thou-
sands of valuable lives. If Mexico, before the com-
mencement of the war, had offered us such a bar-
gain, Congress would not have accepted it. Much
talk had been made about indemnity, but wc had
got no indemnity; for the country we had bought
so dear was, almost all of it, private property. The'
land, whatever of it was worth cultivating, belong-
ed to individuals; the residue was worth little or
nothing, and would not pay the expense of survey-
ing and selling it. The formation of a treaty, at
all, reflected very high credit on the general who
effected it, while the terms of the treaty reflected*
no glory whatever on the Administration.
Mr. C. said he had occupied much more time
than he at first intended, nor should he have said
so much, if the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Houston] had not interrupted him. The subject
was open, under the motion to reconsider, and
gentlemen would have full opportunity for reply.
He insisted that all the credit, both of the war and
the peace, was due exclusively to our able officers
and the brave men they commanded; but in both
the Administration had utterly failed. When it
was proposed in the British Parliament to throw
forces into Canada, as a preparatory measure
against an insurrection there, Wellington had in-
sisted that they ought to be on a large scale, adding
the memorable remark that " a great country like
England could not have a little war." The Ad-
ministration of our Government had, however,
tried to have such a war; they had done their best
for it, having pursued throughout a picayune sys-
tem in its management, because the generals at
the head of our aimics happened to be Whigs!
Victory having; ncveitheless been won, surely the
Administration, if it had had any soul, would have
given to these bra\e and able men the credit to
which they had so justly entitled themselves; but
jnstead of this, there had been a studied effort to
degrade them, lest they should gain too much popu-
larity.
Now Mr. C. did not wish the country to pre-
judge the case of General Scott, on such fragments
of correspondence as were here sent to the House
by the Executive. The correspondence had been
garbled—most giossly garbled. One of General
Scott's letters, especially, had been garbled in like
manner elsewhere. The papers stated that a man
called Cass, in a certain public place in the United
States, (he would not say where,) had read a part
of this letter, but obstinately refused to read the
residue. Now, who had ever seen one-half of a
deposition read in a court of justice, and the lesi-
due withheld ? Yet that was the liberal, the mag-
nanimous system of the Administration. Mr. C.
denounced it in advance.
Those who had been opposed to this war had
been denounced in an Executive message and by
Executive partisans as "giving aid and comfort to
the enemy " by their speeches on that floor, and
thereby preventing peace. No, the Opposition had
furnished the Administration with all nccessarjr
means to carry on the war—" to conquer a peace,
as the phrase went; and if they hod desired a peace
they could have had it long ago. But they wanted
no such thins;; all they wanted was to silence the
Whi?s, and prevent them from looking into the
domes of the Administration; but they would find
that the Whigs could furnish the means of carry-
ing on the war, and still expose the abuses and
denounce the usurpations of the President, When
