.518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
But the delay in supplying him with the means to
advance compelled him to stay there, to recuperate
and recruit his troops; the time of the twelve months'
volunteers approached its close, and they were sent
home; and he was stiU compelled to linger there
until reinforcements could come up, which he ex-
pected to arrive. If General Scott could have
advanced after the battle of Cerro Gordo, he could
have arrived in the city of Mexico without a single
battle.
Well, General Scott moved on in time from Ja-
lapa, and he entered the valley of Mexico. He
met the enemy at Contreras and Churubusco, and
fought and gloriously triumphed there. He there
nearly accomplished th'e object in view. But it
must be known that all this time—from the day he
left Jalapa to his arrival in the city of Mexico—
General Scott was continually interfered with; he
was not only cramped for want of proper means
for efficient operations, but he was continually in-
terfered with by the President and his agents. Mr.
Polk seemed to have no other idea than that, after
every battle there was to be peace; and he sent out
Mr. Trist to carry out his views, and opinions,
and feelings, in reference to it. If General Scott
had been alone—if he had not been hampered, and
tied, and bound down by Mr. Trist, after the bat-
tles of Chuiubusco and Contreras, General Scott
would have carried Mexico without the bloodshed
which followed. He (Mr. H\) charged the Presi-
dent of the United States with the loss of every
single drop of blood shed by every American sol-
dier from the gates of Vera Crnz to the gates of
Mexico. He was accountable for the whole of it.
The President talked about aid and comfort being
given to the enemy; he talked about a vigorous
prosecution of the war; but who had done moie to
furnish aid and comfort to the enemy, and less to-
wards a vigorous prosecution of the war, than Mr.
Polk? The President's absorbing idea, that we
were to have peace after every battle, seemed to
have prevented any provident arrangements for the
vigorous prosecution of the war. He, by the de-
lays for which he was accountable, had enabled
the enemy to meet us m every field. Who, then,
had given so much aid and comfort to the enemy
as James TC. Polk, the President of these United
States? This was believed by those who believed j
this war to be necessary, as well as by those who
were opposed to it. It was believed by those who
took part in it, who participated 111 its victories, and
poured out their life's blood for the honor and glory
of their country. He charged James K. Polk", for
ordering an inefficient force to advance on the Rio
Grande, with the blood that was shed at Palo Alto
and Resaca de la Palma. He charged on James
K. Polk the loss of so much life's blood on the
might be unconstitutionally, begun, and yet consti-
tutionally continued. All he .had heard said by
the Whig party was, that it was unnecessarily and
unconstitutionally begun by the-President, and yet
it was necessarily and constitutionally prosecuted.
He made a distinction in this way. fie held that
Congress was the war-making power. The Pres-
ident has no power to make war without consult-
ing Congress. Well, then, this war was uncon-
stitutionally commenced, because the Presidenthad
not the constitutional power to make war. The
march of our army on the Rio Grande was a.y act
of war, because it was an invasion of territory
about which we had proposed to treat. When
Congress again came together, they found the
country in war. There was no time then to spend
in useless discussion. In the emergency in winch
they were placed, they found it necessary to vote
supplies of both men and money, and hence the
war which was unconstitutionally begun was con-
stitutionally conducted.
He could readily imagine how a war might be
! unjustly commenced, and yet justly prosecuted.
| For instance, he might use insulting language to
i the gentleman from Mississippi. He might en-
; deavor to bully that gentleman and alarm him by
; threats. The gentleman, from Mississippi might
; reply m a similar spirit, and might insult him (Mr.
j H.) in return, and ultimately strike him. He
; (Mr. H.) would grant that he had done wVong in
j threatening, bullying, and attempting to intimidate
the gentleman from Mississippi; but he hud been
struck, and cpnsequently he had to defend himself,
and whatever fighting he did after that, he consid-
ered was done in self-defence, and fully justified.
[Laughter.] Thus it would be seen he made a
distinction. This may not be a just war as far as
the President was concerned, for he had assumed
to act for the representatives of the people, and
without consulting them, and thus had involved
us in a war with Mexico. He made a wide dis-
tinction between the action of the Piesident and of
the people. The President had done wrong in
getting us into this difficulty, but, being in, we
must make the best of it. The Piesident had got
us into a difficulty, and now what they had to do
was to get out of it in the best way they could.
Mr. McLANE next obtained the floor, and pro-
ceeded to leply to the remarks of the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Cllygman.] The gen-
tleman from North Catohna, in what he (Air.
McL.) viewed as a partisan speech, had com-
plained that the production of a part of his corre-
spondence had placed General Scott unfavorably
before the country, and had called for the whole
as an act of justice to General Scott.
Now, how
could the gentleman from North Carolina know
battle-field of Buena Vista, where General Taylor i; that there was any other part of that correspond-
was left with a handful of men. All this he charged [j once, and that it would serve to defend the veputa-
on James K, Polk, the President of the United ij tion of General Scott? He differed entirely from
States. He charged that James K. Polk, by his 11 the conclusions of the gentleman from North Car-
dilly-dallying course, had given time to the enemy ii olma. He believed the correspondence of General
to meet us on every battle-field from Vera Cruz to j Scott would show him in a less favorable aspect
Mexico; and he called for all the despatches and j! than he deserved: it ccrtainly would not elevate
correspondence, that it might be published to the jj him before the country. He then proceeded, by
world as the only authentic record and history of n a reference to documents, to reply to,the attack
the war.^ When these documents shall be in the ]i which the gentleman fiom North Carolina luid
hands ot men, they would not fail to see that this j| made on the Executive management of the war.
war had been protracted by the conduct of the Ex-
ecutive, and that all the victories that we had achiev-
ed had been attributable to the skill of our generals
and the indomitable valor of our soldiers.
Before he took his seat, he wished to make a
remark respecting an allusion made by the gentle-
man from Mississippi, [Mr. Thompson.] Not
less than half a dozen times during his remarks,
that gentleman had charged on the Whig party
that they believed this to be an unjust war. Noth-
ing was more common than such an accusation
from the other side of the House and from Demo-
cratic newspapers throughout this country. They
all charged that the Whig party proclaimed this
to be an unjust war. Now, in some portions of
the Whig party that opinion was entertained; but
he (Mr. H.) spoke for himself; he could speak
for the Whig ffc-irty who were opposed to the war
where he lived; he could speak, too, for the Whig3
of the South on that subject; and for himself and
for them, he denied that'they had ev^r character-
ized it as an unjust war. He had said that it was
unnecessarily and unconstitutionally begun, and
so he now said. A war might be unjustly begun,
and yet justly fought. A war might be unneces-
„ ;i* . "   •> -3  "  !?>•'" ji •.v/.i. "yiui uau euugm iu uhce ioc i"c-
sauiy begun, and yet necessarily prosecuted, it li sponsibility on the Administration. To shift that
The gentleman h'id impeached the wisdom of
the Administration. He had told them that the
Administration had committed a series of blunders
from the commencement of the war in 1846 to the
present time, and that it had exposed the army to
disasters, and its generals to reproach and censure.
Against these accusations he proposed to vindicate
the Administration, and he should not be found
covering up the skill and courage of General Tay-
| lor, for the purpose of bringing General Scott for-
t ward for the campaign. When this campaign was
I first suggested here, it was a column of attack
I from the head waters of the Missouri to the Pacific:
J from Texas to Chihuahua, and up the valley of
] the Rio Grande to Monterey. Then the invasion
j of the city of Mexico was not looked to. The
| campaign then looked to the occupation of the
j northern provinces of Mexico, and it had been
i eminently successful. But then a new era occur-
I red. The occupation of the northern provinces
, was not thought to be enough. It was thought
! necessary fo occupy the whole Gulf coast, and it
j was thought possible to go to the city of Mexico,
j Of the details of these movements the gentleman
j from North Carolina had sought to place the re-
responsibility upon General Taylor and General
Scott, showing that they concurred in and adviseu
all the details of the campaign, he read extracts
from several despatches. Prom these documents
he proceeded to show what number of men Gen-
eral Taylor deemed necessary for the operations
in the valley of the Rio Grande and the Gulf coasts
and stated that the Government called out the num-
ber of troops that were required by it:?general, on
whose advice and recommendation it acted. The
President sent a message to Congress urging the
necessary action to furnish the force required; anil
where then was the responsibility11 He said, he
argued this question of concurrence, not to place
either general in the wrong, for he thought thera
both right,but to refute the unfounded attack which
had been made on the President. He then pro-
ceeded to examine the responsibility of those who
acted with a party majority, and to show that the
course pursued by the friends of the gentlemars
from Tennessee [Mr. Haskell] had the effect,
whatever the design might have been> to afford aid
and comfort to the enemy.
He next proceeded with his documentary quota-
tions to show the agency of General Scott in the
movement on Vera Cruz and Mexico. It was
General Scott who took General Taylor's forces-
He read General Scott's letter to General Taylor*
written two days after he received his order front
the War Department, in which he told General
Taylor that he must leave him on the defensive;
and, also, the order to General Scott, directing him
to repair to Mexico, and investing him with full
powers.
Mr. McL. said, he was showing to the gentle-
man from North Carolina the responsibility of
General Scott. General Scott had not waited till
he got to Mexico to judge whether it would he
necessary to take Genera! Taylor's troops from
him for Vera Cruz; he had got only as far as New
York when he had already resolved to reduce
Taylor to the defensive, and he did it. He admit-
ted that General Scott had captured Vera Cruz
most successfully, most beautifully. Mr. McL.
was not denying his merit, nor seeking to lessen
his well-earned fame: he was only arguing to re-
fute his Reproach against the President. And, after
all, General Taylor had himself selected the num -
ber of troops to be detailed to aid General Scott,
reselling enough to defend the valley of the Rio
Bravo, j^Ie had of choice advanced beyond Mon-
terey, after capturing that place, and had gone
with his troops into the grazing country, and in
the very face of the enemy.
When General Scott wrote his letter of Novem-
ber 25, he knew what additional reinforcements
had been asked for; he said in that letter that the
President had asked for nine new regiments, and
might probably soon ask for more. And then
came that very significant paragraph: "Wc are not
4 without the hope that Congress will add ten of
' twelve new regiments to the regular esfablish-
* ment."
♦ Mr. McL. charged neither Scott nor Taylor with
any want of fidelity in the full discharge of their
official duties, however abnoxous to cfensure they
might have rendered themselves by parts of their
despatches to the War Department. The gentle-
man from North Carolina was not pleased with this
correspondence. It was quite unsatisfactory to
him. And why? Because ~ " it did not present
General Scott in as favorable a l'ght as he de-
served." In this Mr. McL. entirely agreed with
the gentleman. He thought it did not present him
in a very favorable light. But men who were the
most brilliant in battle did not always shine as
brightly m the use of the pen as the sword.
After some remarks, not very well heard by the
reporter, Mr. McL. went on to say, that it was not
General Pillow alone who stood in the way of
General Scott. There was another general, and
another soldier, not a general, who had rendered
himself as glorious m council as in the field. It
was Duncan, who, after the battle of Palo Alto,
prayed, for the honor of West Point and the regu-
lar army, that the enemy might be met on the mor-
row. Duncan did not wish to cast any reproach on
the gallantry of the volunteers, but asked that an
opportunity might be given to the regulars alone
to rout and destroy this Mexican army. General
Taylor had given them no answer at the time, but
had laid his hand upon Duncan, and ordered him
to say to Major Bliss that they should fight the
enemy to-morrow. The gentleman front North
