520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
the fcame may be laid off' into convenient farms and lots for
the J rue use of such citizens (not possessed of other land)
as will occupy them.
JU' WENTYVORTH: The petition of the citizens of
Bullbonia, Wil! county, for a mail route from Joliet, via
Jackbon Creek, Reed's Grove, Wilmington, Mount Langurii,
and MiddlopoK, to Lafayette, Indiana. Also, the petition
of Ellis Smalley, and a large number of other citizens of
Chicago, m favor of land reform.
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition of Jonathan Durham and
others, citizens oi township 22, range -28, in Barry county,
Missouri, prajing to be permitted to select other land in lieu
of the 16th section of said township, which is valueless.
Bv Mr. TWEEDY: The petition of William M. Daniels
and 183 others, for a tri-weekly mail route fiom Potost to
Beetown, Wisconsin. Also, the petition of John Dougherty
aud 30 others, residents within the Green Bay land district,
praying lor the passage of an act dividing said land diatiict.
Also, the proceedings and resolutions of a meeting of the
citizens of St. Croix county and vicinity, in Wisconsin, held
at St. Paul, the 24th day of January, 1848, in relation to the
northern boundary of the State of Wisconsin.
By Mr. CROWELL • The petition of W. E. Smith, E. N.
Bang?, and others, citizens of the United States, representing
thai they are desirous of making a permanent location for
themselves and families in the vicinity of each other, where
they can enjoy a home with laws fUfiicicnt for the free de-
velopment of inind and body: representing, that where the
petitioners reside land monopolies have taken deep root,
and they as well as others of slender moans, aie compelled
to become the humble and servile tenants of the landlord,
or confined to tracts ol land so small as to have escaped
the observation, or so «t«r«le as to have destroyed the cupid-
ity, of the land leviathan*; and they believe it for the interest
arid independent character of their elnldien to select a loca-
tion in the unoccupied wilds of the United State*, where the
mind and body can be free to act, and their children giow
tip with the feelings of independence of American citizens,
and thus benefit the country by extending civilization and
the arts, and bring the unoccupied Jands of the country into
the neighborhood of large settlements, and thereby make
them more valuable. fn view of all thi*, they a<k a giant
of one hundred and sixty acres of land to the head of each
family that shall join them, not exceeding one hundred fam-
ilies, in forming a settlement, and who shall become bona
fide settlers on the land thus granted, and as much for each
male child of each family as may seem lcasonablep, to be
selected in a body by the settlers, in the unoccupied lands
of the United States between tire "latitudes of 40° and 42"
north, and longitude 15° and 17* west, from the city of
Washington.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March%l, 1848.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a commu-
nication from W. C. Anderson, in relation to the
causes of explosion in steam boilers; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
[Mr. Anderson holds, that a clean boiler, sup-
plied with water, never explodes. To this hypoth-
esis, may be added the query, How clean the boiler,
and how much the water? The reply is, " reason-
ably clean, and a reasonable supply of water."
This communication appears to be a statement of
facts, and entitled to much consideration. The
writer holds, that there are but two causes of
dangerous explosion—one from a boiler not clean,
containing mud or other foreign matter, and the
other from no water at aU. In either case, the
metal most exposed to the fire acquires a red heat;
but in the first case, the boiler may be well charged
with water, though at the same time greatly charged
with mud; and in either case, the fault may exist
in but one boiler in a range of many. As steam-
boat boileis always have Hues, and those settled as
knv down in the boiler as possible, not to come in
contact, metal to metal, the quantity of mud, by
only moderate accumulation, soon uses on t besides,
so as partially to imbed the flue. The flame and
heat passing through the flue, soon softens the
metal excluded from the water, and in that state it
•yields to the surrounding pressure, and collapses.
In doing this, the seamsof thcflue open, and scald-
ing water and steam rush through both ends. This
is the explosion so often heard of from the col-
lapsing of flues, mid the consequent scalding of
those fore and aft of the boiler.
In the other cause of explosion, from absence
of water, the consequences are the more extensive-
ly destructive, because the explosive agent is pro-
portionally more powerful than any force of steam
to be produced by the usual construction of steam
furnaces* wnh an engine at all in working motion.
This agent is no less than hydrogen, aided by its
companion, oxygen, in the shape of water. The
explosion in this case never occurs but in a boiler
heated enough to decompose these elements, and
by the aid of one to ignite the other, and it mostly
happens from the first jets of water "from the force-
pump in lenewing the motion of the engine after
its suspension for some of the purposes occuirmg
so frequently during a trip. It may happen, and
has done so, though but seldom, without a sus-
pension, but never without the absence of water in
one or more of the boilers. The supply-pump
may, indeed, fail, from the double cause of either
a mechanical defect in its motion, or from-no mo-
tion at all.]
Mr. HALE presented a petition from D. Lamb
and 23 others, citizens of the United States, asking
that there may be no more traffic in the public
lands, and that they be laid out in farms and lots*
for the free use of such citizens as will occupy
them; and that the jurisdiction of the public lands
be transferred to States and Territories only on
condition that such disposition shall be made of
them; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Also, from John Needles and others, citizens of
Baltimore, m favor of the abolishment of the slave
trade in the District of Columbia.
Also, eleven memorials from different portions
of Pennsylvania, numerously signed, asking for
such measures as will effect such change in the
Constitution and laws of the United States as shall
polish slavery.
Also, eight memorials pretty numerously signed
from the same State, asking for a peaceable disso-
1 lution of the Union, on the ground that the Con-
stitution, in pledgingitself to the support of slavery,
violates the Divine law, makes war upon human
rights, and is grossly inconsistent with republican
principles.
Also from sixty-four citizens of Pennsylvania
and Delaware, for the abolition of slavery through-
out the Union.
In the case of all these petitions, the motion to
receive them was laid on the table.
Mr. UPHAM presented a petition from Sarah
Tyler, of Vermont, widoto of a revolutionary offi-
cer, asking an mcrcase of pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BENTON presented a memorial from the
Mayor and Cily Council of the city of St. Louis,
in behalf of the inhabitants, asking an appropria-
tion for the improvement of the harbor at that
place; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. BENTON stated that this memorial con-
tained much important statistical information, val-
uable to the whole country, and moved that it be
printed; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. BAGBY presented several memorials from
the Legislature of the State of Alabama: one ask-
ing the assent of Congress to an act of the State
Legislature leasing the canal round the Muscle
Shoals, in the Tennessee river; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, for a law dispensing with letters of admin-
istration in the case of citizens of that State, who
volunteered and fell victims to disease in the Mex-
ican war, upon the ground that the bounty of Gov-
ernment would be swallowed up in the costs of
administration; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs*
Also, asking to be allowed to select other lands
in cases where the 16th section proves valueless;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Also, responses of the Legislature of Alabama
to the lesofutions of the States of Vermont and
Rhode Island, in relation to slavery, the tariff, and
the Mexican war; which were laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. D1X presented a memorial from John P.
Howard, offering to run a line of first class ocean
steam-ships between New York and Marseilles for
the same compensation and under the same re-
strictions as are contained in the contracts with the
Southampton and Biemen and New York and
Liverpool lines; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BRADBURY presented a petition from
James Cochran and several citizens of the State
of Maine, in favor of a daily mail route between
Augusta and Bangor, through South China; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
; and Post Roads.
Mr. B. called the attention of the chairman of
! the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
j to the subject, and said, while the revenue derived
, from the State from letters was very large, that
j the facilities did not correspond with those offered
j m other instances. He concluded with expressing
j a fear that former petitions on this subject had
I been ovei looked by the committee.
Mr. LEWIS presented memorials from the Le-
gislature of Alabama, asking for a donation of
public land to make a railway between the south-
ern part of that State and the interior of the "West.
Also, for purposes of education.
Also, for interest on advances made by the State
during Creek hostilities.
Also for an extension of the right of preemption
to certain settlers on the public lands in that State.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BALDWIN,from the Committee of Claims,
reported House bill for the relief of the heirs of
Matthew Stewart, without amendment..
Also, House bill for the relief of John Ander-
son, without amendment.
Also, House bill for the relief of William Cul-
ver, without amendment; each bill accompanied
by a report.
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion of Mr. YULEE,
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs Ve direct-
ed to inquire into the propriety of providing for a retired list
m the .navy.
On motion of Mr. BENTON,
Resolved, That the Secietary of the Senate be directed
to inquire into the execution of the Senate order of January
13, directing the leport of Dr. Wislmzenous to be printed,
and report the progress, if any, made in the execution of
said order.
Mr. HANNEGAN submitted the following:
Resolved, That there be printed 1,500 extra copies of the
communication of the State Department iri answer to a Cdll
for the correspondence of Mr. Wise on the subject of the
slave trade.
Mr. NILES hoped some reason would be shown
why this resolution for an increase of printing was
introduced.- He thought it time we should know
what we were doing. One hundred thousand dol-
lars had been expended in printing in the House,
and probably nearly as much here. Never had he
known, he was on the eve of saying, such a reck-
less course as seemed to be pursued during the
present session in relation to public printing. If
not specially called for, he hoped the resolution
would not pass.
Mr, HANNEGAN could assure the Senator
from Connecticut, that when he came to know
what the resolution contemplated, he would not
deem it reckless. It was for the correspondence
of Mr. Wise on the subject of the slave trade—a
matter that was just now an important, nay, he
might add, a vital question. It was before the -
Committee on Printing.
Mr. NILES. Is it voluminous?
Mr. CAMERON said, it was not before the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. HUNTER said, he believed it was not a
voluminous document, although he had not read
it! He said, it was an interesting document, and
that an extra number of copies would be required.
The resolution was then agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. ATHERTON moved to proceed to the
consideration of the bill to supply deficiencies—
stating that it was very important that it should
be acted on without further delay; that there were
didfts liable to protest, and, indeed, he believed
one for $10,000 had aheady been protested.
The motion having been agreed to, the bill was
taken up; when—
Mr. ATCHISON withdrewan amendment which
he had sent to the Chair for the pay of seven addi-
tional clerks in the Indian Department,
Mr. WESTCOTT also withdrew his motion to
amend; and
The bill was reported to the Senate with the
amendments.
The amendments were then concurred in.
Mr. BADGER moved to amend the diplomatic
paragraph, by striking out the words "Papal
States." Should that motion prevail, he would
afterwards move to diminish the appropriation.
A debate en&ued,in which Messrs. WEBSTER,
ATHERTON, DAYTON, FOOTE, BUTLER,
HANNEGAN, CASS, DIX, BADGER, MAN-
GUM, CALHOUN, and JOHNSON of Louisi-
ana, took part;4 when the yeas and nays being
ordered, at the call of Mr. Hannegan, the question
was taken, and decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Berrien, Butler, Hale,
Hannegan, and Rusk—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atherton, Bagby, Bell,
* A report of this Debate is necessarily deferred, but will
be found in the Appendix.
