1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
521
Bradbury, Breese, Calhoun, Cass, Clarke, Clayton, Davis
*>f Massachusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Dayton, Dickinson,
Bis, Douglas, Downs, Felch, Foote, Greene, Hunter, John-
son of Loui&iana, Johnson of Georgia, Lewis, Mangum,
Mason, Miller, Moor, Niles, Phelps, Turney^Underwood,
Upham, Westcolt, ana Yuiee—36.
Mr. HANNEGAN then moved to amend the
bill by striking out "charge," and inserting the
words " For the salary of administer resident to the
Papal States."
The question having been taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Hannegan, it was decided in the neg-
ative as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atberton, Bagby, Breese,
Ca s, Clayton, Dickmson, Dix, Douglas", Downs, Felch,
Foote, Hannegan, Johnson of Louisiana, Johnson of Georgia,
Lewis, Mangum, and Moor—Jtf.
NAYS-—Messrs, Badger, Bell, Berrien, Bradbury, Butler,
Calhoun, Clarke, Davis of Massachusetts, Davi* of Mississip-
pi, Dayton, Greene, Hale, Hunter, Mason, Miller, Nilt-s.
Phelps, Rusk, Turney, Underwood, Upham, Wescott, and
Yulee—23. •
Mr. WESTCOTT moved to strike out the pro-
viso in relation to the keepers of the public archives
in Florida; which was agreed to.
The amendments made to the bill were then sev-
erally concurred in, and the amendments ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill, by unanimous con-
sent, was read a third time and passed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, asked permission
to make a report, which, though iaie as was the
hour, was received through the courtesy of the
Vice President. The report was from the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, in the case of Ben-
edict Madeore, Vicar General of the Catholics of
Florida, and pastor of the Catholic Church of St.
Augustine, in Florida. The report sets forth the
facts in a clear and lucid manner, and concludes
with a resolution for the printing of all the papers,
which, after being verified, are to be sent to the
Solicitor of fhc Treasury, who is to examine and
investigate said case; to proeuic all papers relating
thereto in the public departments, and all other
testimony that he can obtain relating to the title of
the United States to the property claimed; to make
a report on the merits of the case, and communi-
cate the same as early as practicable during the
session.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, and Mr. DAVIS,
of Mississippi, made a few observations; but as
the Senate was on the point of adjourning after a
long sitting, and there was great noise and confu-
sion in the galleries, it was impossible to under-
stand their import.
The report was agreed to; and,
' On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the bill autho-
rizing a loan of sixteen millions was taken up, and
informally passed over; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 22, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, on leave, presented a
memorial of Sullivan and other counties adjacent
thereto, in the State of Missouri, praying lor the
establishment of anew lapd district m the northern
part of said State. Referred to-the select committee
upon thai subject, appointed on the 17th instant.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, on leave, presented the
memorial of John Jay, and also the memorial of
William C. Bryant and othcis, all of the city of
New York, praying for the passage of an inter-
national copyright law. Referred to a select com-
mittee.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, on leave, presented
several memorials, &c., from the Legislature of
Alabama, on various subjects; which were appro-
priately referred.
Mr, CLARK, of Kentucky, on leave, presented
a preamble and resolution relative to Mr. Asa
Whitney's plan of a railroad from Lake Michigan
to the Pacific Ocean; also, a resolution concerning
the Mobile and Ohio Railroad Company; which
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. TOMPKINS, on leave, presented resolu-
tions of the*Legislature of the Stall of Mississippi,
for the passage of a law authorizing the appropri-
ation of the two per cent, fund to the construction
of a railroad from Jackson, in said State, oast-
wardly. Referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. PALFREY asked leave to present a me-
morial, numerously signed by pastors and laymen
of the Unitarian societies of New England, asking
Congress to bring to a close the war with Mex-
ico.
It was objected to, and the memorial was not,
received.
Mr. CUMMINS asked leave to offer the follow-
ing resolutions, which were read:
Resolved, That it becomes the people of the United States
to rejoice that the sentiment of self-government is commend-
ing itself to the favorable consideration and adoption of the
intelligent and thinking men of all intelligent nations.
Resolved, That the only legitimate source of political power
is the will of the people, and the only rightful end of its ex-
ercise their good.
Resolved, That we sincerely hope that down-trodden hu-
manity may succeed in breaking down all forms of tyranny
and oppression, and in Uie establishment of free and national
governments for the good of the governed, and not for the
aggrandizement of those who govern.
Resolved, That we tender our warmest sympathies to the
people of France and Italy in their present struggle for re-
form, and sincerely hope they may succeed in establishing
free and constitutional governments, emanating from and
based upon the will 6f the governed, suitt'd to their wants
and condition, and such as will secure to them liheity and
fcaft'ty.
Resolved, That we tender our sympathy and hopes of suc-
cess to every people who are seeking to establish for them-
selves free and national governments, and that whatever of
blood and treasuie may be shed or spent in a struggle of the
oppressed against the oppressor, id to be charged to the un-
just resistance of the oppressor, who strives to hold and ex-
ercise the tights of the people, usurped agiiuiht their will, and
exercised lor the benefit of the few and the oppression <>t the
mutit/, and not to the people, who seek only to regaiw and
exercise their natural right* in such manner as will "best se-
cure and piomote their own happiness and safety.
The reception of the resolutions being objected
to, they were not received.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
By Mr. HILLIARD: A bill to change the place
of holding the district court of the Umtsd States
for the middle district of Alabama. Referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
By Mr. EVANS, of Maryland: A bill to au-
thorize the trustees of Newark College, in the State
of Delaware, to import certain philosophical appa-
ratus free of duty. Referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
The bill further to supply deficiencies in the ap-
propriations for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1848, which was returned from the Senate with
amendments, was taken up, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BRODHEAD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution directing the Clerk of the
Mouse to transmit to the Governor of each State
and Territory, and to the clerk of each county in
the United States, certain public documents, was
passed on Monday last.
The motion to reconsider was entered on the
Journal, and informally hud over.
CORRESPONDENCE OF GENERAL SCOTT.
Mr. STEPHENS moved that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of the unfinished busi-
ness. Agreed to.
The SPEAKER staled the unfinished business
to be the motion of Mr. Clingma^ to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was passed, on
Monday last, instructing the Committee on Print-
ing to inquire into the expediency of printing an
extra nufnber of the correspondence between the
Secretary of "War and Generals Scott and-Tay-
lur, &c,
Mr. INGE, who was entitled to the floor, ad-
dressed the committee during the hour. After ex-
pressing his gratitude to the House for its kind-
ness in adjourning yesterday, though at an hour
somewhat earlier than usual, at his request, he
said, he must be permitted, here, m the outset, to
deprecate that spirit of party which to so great an
extent prevailed in the deliberations and discus-
sions of that body. Smcc the assembling of the
present Congress, they had had an iteration and
reiteration of party charges—made, he was under-
stood to admit, to a greater or less extent, on his
own as well as on the opposite side of the House.
It would seem, to an impartial observer, as if the
interest of the country was wholly forgotten, and
that patriotism slumbered. On the opposite side
of the House, especially, gentlemen seemed to be
strangers to the influence of patriotic feeling. The
minds of the Opposition aspired, apparently, after
nothing but mere party issues.
At the opening of Congress, the Executive rec-
ommended to the House important legislation—
legislation necessary for the support of our armies
engaged in a foreign war—legislation required in
order to carry out the policy of Government in re-
gard to our struggle with Mexico; But ho.w was
it met? How had it been received? It had been
met, not by legislation, not in the spirit which
should animate the bosom of every man through-
out the country in times like these—a spirit that
looks only to the public good. It had been re-
sponded to only by the acrimonious spirit of party.
Gentlemen seemed wholly oblivious of the public
good and the national honor, and to seek nothing
but how they might disparage the Administration,
how they might assail the Democratic party, and
how best to advance the low and selfish ends of
party. They cherished a devotion to party fuel-
ing and party ends alone. But in a time of war,
like the present, when the whole American people
ought to be united as one man, Mr. I. felt himself
incapable of looking merely to paity issues, or to
direct his efforts solely to party purposes.
He did not object to the existence of parties
in a State, provided they were restrained within le-
gitimate bounds. Parties had existed in all free
States, and they must ever continue to exist where
man was permitted to think for himself and give
utterance to his thoughts. So long as Greece had
been free, parties had always existed, and party
discussions were common among the people ; nor
did they end till the flag of Alexander waved in
triumph over the temples of Pericles. Just no it
had been at Rome; parties prevailed throughout
the Republic, and they continued to prevail till the
diadem of the Ca sars had supplanted the tribuni-
tian power. Nor did Mr. I. desire to see parties
abolished in this country. On the contrary, he
desired to see the people divided on great and lead-
ing points of public policy. He liked to see party
discussion left free, so long as all merely sectional
and subordinate issues were kept under, and the
nation was divided only on great and weighty
questions. While to this extent he had no objec-
tion to see party prevailing among us, he could not
but deprecate that excess of party spirit which he
lamented to see prevailing to so great a degree on
the opposite side of that Hall.
Mr. I. had been not a little surprised at the
course pursued by gentlemen in the opposition
yesterday in relation to this correspondence of
General Scott and General Taylor. It was a fact
that the whole of that correspondence had been
published with the message of the Executive
which accompanied it. Ana yet it had yesterday
been openly said here that the correspondence had
been "shamefully garbled." The fact was not so.
The whole was in possession of the House. But
when it was brought to light it did not suit the pur-
pose of the member who had made the call for it;
and he found his charge against the Executive not
sustained by it, as he had exp< cted. Therefore, tho
tenor and tone of his remarks had been changed,
and he had gone into a general assault on the Ad-
ministration for its imbecility in planning the war
with Mexico. The gentleman gave the very high-
est commendation to the bravery and conduct of
the generals in command, but contended that the
campaign had been badly planned. Where but
within these walls was such an opinion entertained
or expressed? Badly planned! Let gentlemen
look at the map of Mexico, and give a fair and
candid decision. One campaign had been planned
for the conquest of California, and had it failed ?
No; our flag had been borne in triumph across
the entire province, and now floated in triumph
over the bay of San Francisco. Badly planned !
The great object of the war had been the capture
of the city of Mexico, under the impression that
that event must bring peace as its necessary and
natural consequence. Would gentlemen say there
had been any fault in planning the campaign
against the Mexican capital?
We were told before the war commenced that it
was the prevalent opinion in Europe that the castlft
of San Juan deUlua was impregnable: but the gates
of that celebrated fortress had opened at the sum-
mons of our cannon, and the Gibraltar of the West-
em World had yielded to the irresistible prestige of
our arms. The whole campaign had been conducted
with a'brilliancy which challenged the admiration
of the world. Having secured the possession of
Vera Cruz and its formidable castle, our army had
made its way to the pass of Cerro Gordo, and its
column had scarcely been shaken as it passed.
After an uninterrupted series of tho most memo-
lable victories, our forces had cut their way to the
gates of Mexico, and the city was taken by storm,
and the war thus brought to an end. Now, where
m
