1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
o23
notions, and he mast ask leave to contradict him
•on this p'oint.
" lie could readily imagine how a war might be unjustly
commenced, and yet justly prosecuted. For instance: he
might use insulting iauguage to the gentleman from Missis-
sippi. He might endeavor to bully that gentleman and alarm
him by threats. The gentleman from Mississippi might
reply in a similar spiiit, and might insult him (Mr. H.) in
return, and ultimately strike him. He (Mr. 1-1.) would grant
that he had done wrong in threatening, bullying, ^hd at-
tempting to intimidate the gentleman from Mississippi; but
he bad been struck, and consequently he had to defend him-
self; and whatever fighting he did alter that, he considered
was done in self-defence, and fully justified."
Now, whence did the gentleman from Tennessee
derive his notions of constitutional law ? Did he
take his position upon his own authority, or could
he refer to precedent? Let him ask the gentleman
in what school of law or of philosophy he had
learned'his lesson ? Did he draw it from the great
sources of the British law—from Coke-and Black-
stone ? Did he draw it from the great code of the
-Roman law? Why, they inculcated no such doc-
trines as this. It was not the common law of this
.country, and he (Mr. I.) would not believe it was
the statute law of Tennessee. Surely there was
no statute in Tennessee which would authorize
him to pursue such a course. The gentleman had
said he might bully a man—he might intimidate
him by threats—and when that man struck him,
he might defend himself, and then go on fighting
ad libitum.
Mr. HASKELL (Mr. I. yielding for explana-
tion) said the gentleman from Alabama misappre-
hended the position he had taken. The idea he
had intended to convey by the illustration he had
made use of was this: That the President of the
United States, and not the people of the country,
had committed the first assault-, that the attempt
at intimidation, the threat, the bullying, if they
pleased, was done by the President of the United
States; and that when Congress assembled, and the
people through their Representatives first came to
. vote supplies of men and money to get ourselves
out of the difficulty into which the President had
plunged us, itwas necessary and right.
Mr. INGE (resuming) said the explanation was
a mere repetition of what he had just read from the
gentleman's remarks of yesterday, anddid not alter
the case. But what force was there in the example
which the gentleman had brought forward ? Had*
not the gentleman placed himself in the position of
bullying, and not the gentleman from Mississippi?
Now, this was a monstrous doctrineof law, a mon-
strous doctrine of morals, for a man to assert that
a war was unconstitutional and yet just! If it was
unconstitutional, of course it was wrong m its in-
ception, and every step taken in its prosecution
wus wrong. It was equally absurd to say that a
war which was unnecessary could he a just war—
that an unnecessary war could, under any circum-
stances, be a just war. An unnecessary war was
a war waged without right, without good cause; a
war which was unjustifiable. If it was unjustili-
able, then, and unnecessary, how could it be just?
"Why, that was a morality certainly which be-
longed to the grog shop, and not to ihis Hall. It
was the moiahty which belonged to the bully who
fought on the streets, and not to the code of na-
tions.
He would next proceed to consider the course
of the Whig party on the question of the war af-
ter hostilities had begun. How did this war ques-
tion become a party question ? When the cannon's
roar from the banks of the Rio Grande broke on
the Mexican ear, where was the anti-war party of
this country? A. universal enthusiasm pervaded
the whole American people. With } erfect una-
nimity the call of the President was responded to.
Hundreds of thousands offered their services to
go to the rescue. When Peter the Hermit raised
the standard of the Cross, and invited soldiers to
rescue the Holy Land from the possession of the
infidel, there was not a more hearty response than
when our President called upon his country to go
to the rescue when the fust sound of war was
heard on the Rio Grande. Where was the anti-
war paity in this Hall then? At that time the
only objection heard here was the preamble of the
war act', by which the declaration was made that
the war existed by the act of Mexico. That was
the only objection then taken; but an examination
would show that that act was passed for the pur-
pose of making provision for the vigorous prosecu-
tion of the war. Then fifty thousand men and
ten millions of money were voted for that purpose.
No gentleman could justify his course at that time
by saying that he voted supplies to rescue the
army of General Taylor. It was known that Gen-
eral Taylor was safe. It was well known that
General Taylor had instructions to call iipon the
adjacent States for reinforcements, and that the
Mexican army would be vanquished before aid
from this Government could arrive. It was there-
fore well known to every man who voted for the
war bill that the supplies were voted for the prose-
cution of the war into the heart of -Mexico. The
language.of the bill was, to prosecute the war to a
speedy and successful termination, and, when that
bill came before this House, there was no anti-
war party in this country. And when did that
anti-war-party spring up? Wlien-it was discovered
that the Administration was identified with the
war. When the Whig partisans found out that
the honor and glory of the war would redound to
the honor of the Administration, then it was that
the Whig party took ground against the war, and
not before, for party purposes and party objects.
Then they became willing to protract the war, to
i augment the sufferings of the army in Mexico, and
to stain the national honor for the accomplishment
of their party objects. That had been clearly
evinced at each succeeding session of Congress.
The President, in his annual message to Con-
gress, had proclaimed that there were a few per-
sons in this country—9. few misled peisons—who
had denounced the war as unconstitutional and
unjust, and as an aggression on a weak and unof-
fending nation; and the course thus pursued by
those few persons the President declared was cal-
culated to afford aid and comfort to the enemy.
They were but a few persons, who were influ-
enced by a kind of mawkish sensibility respecting
this war,, and the censure of the President was
directed to them. It seemed, however, that cer-
tain prominent gentlemen on the other side of this
House thought that condemnation was an attack
on them, and a gentleman fiom Tennessee, in a
most abusive speech on this iloor, denounced the
Executive of this nation. That gentleman declared
that the President of the United States had slan-
dered the Whig party; and the same accusation
had been repeated by the gentleman from Florida,
[Mr. Cabell,] who was not now in Ins seat.
Now, he (Mr. I.) denied that the President had
made such an allegation against the Whig party.
It was only necessary to refer to the President's
message to show that the denunciation wus but
dnected against a few persons who might well be
termed misguided. Did the gentlemen who ap-
propriated this declaration to themselves mean to
be understood to say that the Whig party was a
few persons ? Was the Mexican war at that time
a party question? it had been made so by the
action of members of the Whig party on this door,
by both their action and their speeches, and they
had since that been waging a two-fold war. Por
the purpose of operating on this Government, they
had crippled its energies in the prosecution of the
war. They had not done it openly and undis-
guisediy, but it had most assuredly been done, and
done in both branches of Congress, anc^ the only
etVect of such a procedure had been to encourage"
the enemy.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Haskell]
had volunteered his opinion that this war had been
unnecessarily prolonged—that it had not been ade-
quately enforced; but there were other gentlemen
who had participated m that war and returned to
their homes who held a contrary opinion. He
read an extract from a document before him, to
to show that Colonel Wynkoop did not concur
with the gentleman from Tennessee m the opinion
he had expressed, and said that officcr had stated
that the war had been protracted by the action of
parties in this House. General Pierce, too, a gen-
tleman of high respectability and unquestioned
veracity, had made the same charge. So, then, it
seemed that militaiy men disagreed, and he had
some authority fof the position he had assumed.
But what had been the action of the present
House on this question ? It was incumbent on this
House wJien it met to carry out measures for the
prosecutmn of this war and the accomplishment of
the object which it had proposed—ils successful
termination. But what had been done? Nothing.
A loan was asked for; treasury notes were asked
for, which the friends of the war were of opinion
would have the-tendency to .relieve the country,
give animation to its commerce, and increase its
prosperity. NBut instead of that*they%£td,aloan
bill passed by this House which authorized the
issuing of a six per cent, stock* And wbafrwaa
the object of that measure? It was to contract-the
money market, to interrupt the business, and to
derange the commercial operations of the country,
and bring odium on the war. Thct^tfas the ob-
ject—that was the design. And what Jbacj been
the course of the Whig party on another measure? •
Had they voted supplies for military operations'?
Had they furnished the means asked for by the
President? - ;
The House had consumed its time with the pas-
sage of abstract resolutions. They had deliberately
passed a resolution which falsified history, per-
verted facts, and sullied the national records with
a deliberate falsehood. That was the way in
which the Whig party acted here during this ses-
sion.
In reference to this war, the gentlemen opposite
had made for themselves a hobby; but an anti-war
hobby the American people had never sustained,
and never would. What were the principles of
the Whig party divested of this hobby, and what
principles would they have to carry out if they
should possibly come into power? They had
abandoned all the issues for which they had here-
tofore contended, and they had now nothing upon
which to unite but this anti-war hobby. The
bank was now an "obsolete idea." Nobody now
proposed to repeal the tariff of 3846, and to restore
that of 1842. Both of those issues had given place
to opposition to the war, to which they were driven
as a matter of sheer necessity. What, then, was
their position, and what were their purposes?
Here the Speaker's hammer fell, announcing the
expiration of the gentleman's allotted time.
Mr. VINTON rose and said>that, thinking it
more important to proceed to the consideration of
the appropriation bills, he would move to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table, and if that mo-
tion should prevail, he would move to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion having been agreed to, the motion to
reconsider was laid on the table.
SOLDIERS' BOUNTY LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. HARALSON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, on leave given, reported the fol-
lowing joint resolution, which, was read three
times, passed, and sent to the Senate for concur-
rence :
Resolved, <$r., That in all eases of application for bounty
land wiiriauis under the act approved Fehiuary 11th, 1847,
the hnnoiaWo difclmrye of the applicant showing that tbo
same was ptedicatcd on a gnraeonV certificate ofdi^abihty,
^ti.iil he considered as ^atijsfactory evidence to the (Joinmis-
Moner of Pen-ions that the disability w.w incuued in the
collide oftiie sei\ ice
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, on the Indian appropriation
bill, (Mr. Rockwell, of Massachusetts, in the
chair.)
The question pending when the committee was
last in session was on agreeing to the amendment
of Mr. Vinton, viz: " For education for fifteen
' years, stipulated in the second article of the sup-
* plement to the treaty of 24th May, 1834, ($1,000
* having heretofore been appropriated,) $*2,000.
The amendment was agreed to. <
The reading of the bill was then continued down
to the items under the head " To the Florida In-
dians. M
Mr. GIDDINGS moved to strike out the first
item under the head of " The Florida Indians/!
Mr. G. said there were some facts to which he
wished to call the attention of the committee, and
hence he made his motion to strike out this item.
He designed to show that the treaty, under-which
the appropriation was proposed to be made, had
never been observed. It was of the date of 1823,
and he repeated that it had never been regarded
either by the Indians or by ourselves. - In order
to show the manner i*f which we ourselves
discarded it, he would call the. attention of the
House to the treaty itself. . .
By the third article of the treaty, the United States
Government stipulated to take the Seminole Indians
under its care and protection, and defend them
against all persons whatever; in return for which,
the Indians had agreed to do certain things on their
part v He had looked into this treaty and its,fulfill-
ment and he now called the attention of the House
