524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
to the fact, that instead of protecting these poor
Indians, we had, on the contrary, suffered them to
be robbed and outraged with impunity. He would
send an Executive document of the first session of
the twenty-fourth Congress to the Clerk's table,
and ask that it might be read. [It was read accord-
ingiy.] The paper was dated April 2, 1846. It
stated that a certain tract of land had been secured
to a certain Indian chief in "1823. That in conse-
quence of suspicions which had been excited
against him and his people, as contemplating mis-
- chief to the whites, he had voluntarily offered to
be disarmed, and accordingly he and his people
had surrendered their arms, and in this helpless
condition had been robbed of all the negroes he
held, and which were there called and considered
so much property. A catalogue of their names
and respective value was given, from which it
appeared that their collective value-amounted to
fifteen thousand dollars. Some of them he Jiad
held for twenty years; others were very young.
They were taken forcibly by a vagabond negro-
stealer named Robinson, who had run off and
never been apprehended.
Mr. G. said he had made this motion only for
the purpose of awaking the attention of the House
to this gross outrage, which had never been atoned
for. The facts of the case were certified by the
United States district attorney for Florida and by
the judge before whom the case had been brought.
He wished the House and the country to know
how these Indians, while under the pledged pro-
tection of the United States, had been treated by a
set of Florida slave-thieves. These people had
spread an alarm through that part of the country,
by persuading them that those Indians were plot-
ting mischief against the whites. The people there-
upon came to them, and charged them with intend-
ing to shed their blood. The Indians repelled the
charge with indignation, and promptly offered to
give proof of their friendly feelings and purposes
by voluntarily proposing to surrender their arms.
The offer was accepted. The Indians gave up
their guns; and when they were thus in a dis-
armed and helpless state, these land-pirates set
upon them, and robbed them of every slave they
had in the world, and transported thenf to Georgia,
where they were sold,and where they now languish-
ed in homlage.
If any language could fitly characterize a pro-
ceeding like this, Mr. G. confessed he could not
command it. The chief who had experienced this
return for the demonstration of his friendly feel-
ings towards white men, was at the time a man of
property, quiet and industrious, the owner of a
ferry and a farm and a number of negroes.
Now, this Government had pledged itself for the
protection of these people. The Indians believed
our assurance, rested secure under the protection
of theGovernmentof the United States, and quietly
and voluntarily surrendered up their arms to our
hands, and lost their all in consequence. This
chief had sent up his petition to the House for in-
demnification; the memorial had been referred, and
had been pressed upon the House for years to-
gether; but, while his memorial slept in this House,
the man himself emigrated over the Mississippi,
and there lived in poverty at this day. But though
he had thus left our bordeis, and gone far from the
scene of his former prosperity, he still continued
to send an imploring voice to Congress for redress;
he still continued to make his appeal to the justice
of that House.
Mr. G. could not move and could not vote to
give this injured chief the redress he asked for and
claimed, because he did not believe that one man
could own another, and be paid for him as prop-
erty. But the House was daily in the habit of
paying white men for slaves lost, and why should
they not measure out equal relief to an Indian?
Mr. G. could not himself vote for a bill giving him
the money he asked, because, as he said, he was
not in the belief that a man could hold a slave, or be
paid forhini if lost; but while the committees of the
House were, from time to time, reporting in favor
of white claimants in like cases, he thought, on
their own principles, they ought.not to refuse re-
lief to a poor Indian. These people were still cry-
ing to the Government for stipulated relief, but the
offenders were to this hour " unwhipped of jus-
tice." They had been indicted, but could not be
convicted. As a member of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs he deemed it his duty to call the at-
tention of the House to these facts, and to show up
the different ways in which this Government meted
justice to the helpless and to the strong.
Before he resumed his seat it was proper that
he should notice the difference between the state
of servitude as it existed among Indian's and among
the whites at the South. Among the former, slavery
itself was comparative freedom. Slaves to Indians
looked with horror to being slaves to while men.
For this assertion Mr. G. had the evidence of
WileyThompson, late our agent among the Semi-
noles. The slaves belonging to this Indian chief
had been seized and taken from comparative free-
dom and sold into all the horrors of slavery in
Georgia, and there they still were suffered to lan-
guish against all the principles of natural justice,
and in violation of the express stipulations of a
solemn treaty.
Mr. G. having thus effected his object in bring-
ing this case to the notice of the House, withdrew
the motion he had made to strike out.
Mr. G. again rose for the purpose of putting a
question to the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means in relation to the treaty of 1845.
He wanted information. By the grace and favor
of the Speaker he had been raised to a place on the
Committee on Indian Affairs; and, wishing to dis-
charge his duty as a member of that committee, he
applied to the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means. That gentleman and the House must
be aware that there had long existed a quarrel be-
tween the Seminole Indians and the Creeks. The
quarrel was one of ancient standing, having had
its origin during the times of the Revolution. In
1845 it had been mutually agreed that the Presi-
dent of the United Stales should settle these differ-
ences. The object of Mr. G.'s inquiry was, to
know whether that ancient quarrel had been ad-
justed by the President, as proposed ?
Mr. VINTON replied that it was not in his
power to give his colleague any information on
that subject. The treaty with these Indians re-
quired a certain sum of money to be annually paid
them by the United States, and it therefore became
the duty of the House to appropriate that sum
every year to carry out the law; and it was equally
the duty of the President to pay them what by law
belonged to them. If his colleague thought that
the money had been paid to the wrong party, the
bill was open to amendment in that respect. Mr.
V. could not see how the question relating to the
adjustment of this quarrel had any hearing on the
duty of this House to appropriate the sum stipu-
lated by law.
Mr. GIDDINGS replied that the United States
Government occupied the position of guardians to
these Indians, and that it was our duty to care for
them as tor so many minors. We had forced the
Seminoles, at the point of the bayonet, to migrate
into the country beyond the Mississippi, but their
whole tribe shunned the Creeks with the utmost
dread, because the Creeks laid claim to the wives
and children of the Seminoles, and were ready to
seize them as slaves. Hence these wretched Semi-
noles were seeking a residence wherever they could
find it—some in the forest, some in the midst of
the Chickasaw nation, and were ready to go any-
where provided they kept out of the reach of the
Creeks.
Certain slaves of the Creeks had fled from their
masters before the Revolution, and had intermar-
ried with Seminoles; whence the Creeks claimed
their descendants as slaves, and the United States
Government had paid two hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars to get rid of that claim, although what
the Seminoles actually claimed did not amount to
more than half that sum—the Creeks insisting on
an allowance for what would have been their in-
crease when in servitude. The Seminoles lived in
such dread of the Creeks that they dared not cross
the Mississippi, because they would find there a
branch of the Creek nation; and this was the true
origin of the Florida war. It was a subject of com-
plaint by the Chcrokees that the Seminoles hatl
come among them for refuge, and continued there
as trespassers. Commissioners had been appointed
by the United States Government to settle these
difficulties; and as the gentleman from Nru^th Caro-
lina, the former chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, [Mr. McKay,] was in strict in-
timacy and communication with the President of
the United States, he probably knew all about the
whole matter. Mr. G. did not know whether the
difficulty had been reconciled, or whether the Semi-
noles had been actually stripped of their wives and
children. He should be obliged to the gentleman
from North Carolina if he would give him inform-
ation on that point.
Mr. VINTON said that he did not understand
his colleague [Mr. Gijddings] to take the position,
that the money appropriated for these Indians was
not due to them by law. Now, the money was
equally due to them whether the controversy al-
luded to had or had not been settled. However
that might be, the House were not in circumstances
to decide who were in the right and who were in
the wrong. That was for the President to decide.
Mr. V. went on to say, that he entirely agreed with
his colleague in believing that our Government had
treated the' Indians very harshly, and had not al-
ways kept its treaties with them as it should have
done; but even if his colleague was able to show
this in the present case, it would form no reason
why we should not pay this annuity. If, indeed,
he could show that these Indians refused to com-
ply with the stipulations of the treaty on their
part, that might be a very good reason for with-
holding'their annuities; but this, if Mr. V. under-
stood the matter, his colleague did not pretend, and
he could not therefore see what his colleague's in-
quiry had to do with the appropriation.
Mr. GIDDTNGS replied that he had made no
motion to strike out the appropriation. He did
not ask that the money should be withheld, but he
had simply put forth an inquiry with a view to as-
certain the real facts of the case. Far be it from
him to withhold from them their money. He
wished rather to do them good; at any rate he was
willing to do them justice. Could any man tell
what was the true situation of this matter? They
were going on legislating in the dark; and no in-
quiries could extort any light on the subject. Mr.
G. was against this mode of legislation. He was
not ready to vote money with his eyes blind-
folded.
Mr. VINTON again pressed his inquiry. If
Congress were bound to pay this annuity, what
difference did it make to them whether J.hese In-
dians had settled the controversy among them-
selves, or whether our Government had treated
them well or ill? It was the duty of Congress to
execute the Indian treaties, and hence it became
the duty of the Committee of Ways and Means to
report to the House the necessary appropriations
for that purpose. If abuses had been committed,
or if Government had been guilty of an omission
of its duty, it belonged certainly rather to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs than to the Committee of
Ways and Means to inquire into the facts. His
colleague belonged to that committee, and yet he
came to Mr. V. for this information. He would
retort the question, and ask his colleague whether
he had done his own duty? He asked his col-
league what was the condition.of these Indians,
and whether they had made up their quarrels.
Mr. GIDDINGS rejoined. When the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means asked his
vote for paying a certain sum of money, he ought
(o be able to tell him why the money was wanting;.
When the President called upon Congress for
money, he generally told Congress what the money
was for. But if h is colleague was ready to put
the case of these Indians and their annuity under
the jurisdiction of Indian Affairs, that committee
would take good care of them.
Mr. VINTON replied, that estimates were sent
into the^ House, and corresponding items were re-
ported in the Indian appropriation bills, because
we had treaties with those Indians in which we
agreed to pay them a certain sum of money.
Those treaties were the law of the land, and the
Committee of Ways and Means could not go be-
hind them. As chairman of that committee, Mr.
V. had examined more than a hundred of those
treaties, and there found that the bond of the Gov-
ernment was given to pay them certain stipulated
sums ot money. All the information he had to
give his colleague in relation to the present item
was, to say that our treaty required it. Did his
colleague deny that the money was due? If he
wanted to know what was the state of the contro-
versy between two Indian tribes, let him, as a
member of ihe Committee on Indian Affairs, make
the requisite investigation. This certainly wa3 not
the duty of the Committee of Ways and Means.
If it belonged to anybody, it belonged to the In-
dian Committee. It was for this reason that dif-
ferent standing committees had been appointed by
th« House, so that each might take its own appro-
