tm
T1IE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
interest thereon, from the day when it should have been
paid over to said Indians, and to cause such amount and
interest *o be paid to said Indians in the same manner that
the annuity above appropriated for said Indians is by law or
regulation to be paid.
Some conversation and explanations passed be-
tween Messrs. McKAY, HALL, and VINTON;
after which,
• -Mr. HALL, upon a suggestion made by Mr.
MeKAY, -withdrew his amendment, under the-ex-
pectation that it would be made in the Senate,
(where was the commissioner's report,) or that it
should be made the subject of a bill in the House.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved to
amend the bill by adding after the item under the
head of" The Chickasawsthe following:
For the use of the heirs of lloth-la-cha and his wife Re-
becca James, Chickasaw Indians,- who were entitled to
reservations of land under the Chickasaw treaty of 1834,
and which were sold aud the money paid into the hands of
the Ch.ckasaw a ent in puisuance of bdid treaty and never
accounted for, §3,000.
After an explanation by Mr. THOMPSON, the
amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McKAY moved to add the following sec-
tion to the bill:
Sec. 2. .find be it further p.nacfed. That no part of the
money appropnated hv tins act for the purpose* of educa-
tion shall be expended for any such object elsewhere than
in the-Indian'country: Provided, That this shall not apply
to any of the aforesaid appropriations the expenditure'of
which are, by treaty stipulations, under the dnection of the ;
President of the United States oi of the respective Indian
tribes. 1
After an explanation by Mr. McKAY, the com-
mittee rdse and reported progress,
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
"Wednesday, March 22, 1848.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, transmitting the correspondence
of Mr. Wise, at the Court of Brazil, with the De-
partment of Slate of the United States, in compli-
ance with a resolution of the Senate of the 24tlj of
January last.
memorials and petitions.
' Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented a memo-
rial from the Legislature of Mississippi, asking
the cession of certain public lands for the improve- I
mcnt of the navigation of Big Black rivei; which f
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, from the same source, asking a change 111
the system of transporting the mail; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented apetitionfrom James
Livingston and 245othercitizensof Peoria county,
Illinois, against the present mode of disposing of
the public lands, and in favor of giving them to
the actual settler without compensation; which was
referred t<j,the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CA.MERON presented a petition from Cad-
walader Evans, asking Government to purchase
liis patent for preventing explosions of steam boil-
ers; which was referred to the Committee on Pat-
ents.
Also, from Rebecca Robeson, widow of a revo- j
iutionary officer, for a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MOOR presented a petition from D. B.
Thuckley and others, for a modification of the pat-
ent laws; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents.
Also, from Albert Gr. Dale, and other citizens of
the United States, asking that the patent granted
William Woodwortli may be revoked; which was'
referred to the Committee on Patents.
Also, from Daniel W. Bradley and others-, to
exempt from the revenue laws timber cut fi'om
the forest of Maine and manufactured in New
Brunswick; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr- M. took occasion to call the attention of the
Senate to (lie facts set forth in the memorial. Under
the third article of the treaty of Washington, the
memorialists conceived themselves entitled to the
free navigation of the St. Lawrence; but, from their
peculiar location, they had to erect mills in the
province of New Brunswick to prepare their tim-
ber for market, and had been subjected not only
to an export duty under colonial 1 emulations, but
to an import duty when the timber is brought into
the United States, which rendered the total tax on
the lumber three dollars per one thousand feet—
whiclr amounted, in fact, to a prohibition. Mr. M.
remarked-on the importance of this trade, and the
necessity that, existed for the restrictions to be
removed; conceiving them, as he did, a violation of
the spirit of the tij;aty of Washington. He said
he should at some future day introduce a bill for
that purpose, -and would to-day introduce a reso-
lution calling for the correspondence between the
British and American authorities on the subject.
Mr. BRADBURY presented a petition from
Nathan Cummings and other citizens of Maine,
asking felief. Tljey state that, under the treaty,
their lauds had been declared in the province of
New Brunswick, and they ask that Government
will either pay them for their land or exempt them
from the colonial duties and remit the import duties.
The petition was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. B. said that the petitioners were in a situa-
tion something similar to that of the petitioners
whose memorial had been presented by his col-
league. They had bought their lands while a
portion of the United States, had been ceded away
to New Brunswick, and their produce was now
burdened with heavy duties before it could reach
the markets of the United Slates. They therefore
ask for an abrogation of these duties, or to be paid
for their lands.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented a petition from
pilots, port-wardens, masters of vessels, merchants,
and other citizens of Apalachicola, against the pres-
ent mode of lighting the light-hous? at Cape St.
Bias; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. BUTLER presented a petition from Wil-
liam Rail, asking a pension for services during the
revolutionary war; which was referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Pensions.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a memorial from
the Legislature of Wisconsin, asking for the exten-
sion of llie Indian title to land in said territory;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
REPORTS) FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAYTON, from the Committee on Patents,
reported House bill for the relief of E. G. Smith,
without amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported the following House
bills, without amendment:
A bill for the relief of Catharine Fulton, of Wash-
ington county, Pennsylvania.
A bill for the relief Jonathan Moore, of the State
of Massachusetts.
A bill for the relief of Robert Ellis.
Also, from the same committee, a bill for the re-
lief of Mary Taylor, accompanied by a report.
The bill was read a first time.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported House bill relating to the collection district
of New Orleans, and for other purposes, without
amendment.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported House bill dividing the State of
Gemgia into two judicial districts, and organizing
and establishing an additional district court of the
United States, with circuit court powers and juris-
diction, without amendment.
Also, from the same committee, House bill to
change the name of.Photius Kavasales to that of
Photius Fisk.
Mr. YQLEE, from the Committee on Naval
Alfairs, reported a bill to promote the efficiency of
the navy.
[This bill authorizes the President to direct the
tiansfer to a retired list any commissioned officer
or master in the navy, who is no longer found com-
petent to perform properly the duties of his station;
and the officer so transferred shall not be consid-
ered in the line of promotion. Immediately after
the passage of the act, and as often as the President
may deem expedient, a board of five captains is to
be convened, whose duty itshall be, under instruc-
tions from the President or Secretary of the Navy,
to ascertain and report the names of such officers as
in the judgment of said board have, from physical
or other causes, become incapacitated for an effi-
cient discharge of their duties, and the President
may upon such report, if approved by him, direct
such officers to be placed on the retired list. The
pay of a retired officer shall be the furlough pay of
his grade, with an addition of ten per cent, thereon
for every five years' service in his grade, provided
that in no case shall the retired pay exceed half
. the highest pay to which he would be now entitled
by law if employed at sea. The retired pay of
pursers to be the same as surgeons of equal length
of service would be entitled to. The power of the
President is still "retained to place any officer oil
furlough, and no officer who is wounded in battle
shall be transferred to the retired list against his
own consent.]
. RESOLUTIONS.
On motion of Mr. ASHLEY,
Resolved, That the Committee 011 tile Post Office and Post
Roads bemHiucted toinquiieiiito the expedience of estab-
lishing a post route from Ilenton, in riabiue county, to Vine
ISiulN, in jefferson county, AiKansas.
On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary lie in-
structed to inquire into ttie expediency of providing by law .
Tor a uniform taiifl' of feci and eo-t- to be allowed 111 all
eases in the courts of the United States, to report by bill or
otiieiwise.
On motion of Mr. ATCHISON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing hy law
for the sale of the islands in the Mississippi and Missouri
livers not heretofore surveyed and offeted tor sale.
Mr. MOOR submitted the following:
Resolved, That the President of the United States Be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate copies of the cone-
spondenoe which has taken place since August, 1642, be-
tween the authorities of the American and Biitish Govern-
ments in relation to export duties on American tunbef, ex-
acted or levied by the Piovincial or other British authorities
in New Brunswick; or copies of such poitioris of that cor-
respondence as may he communicated without detriment to
the public interest.
AMERICAN HEMP.
Mr. YULEE moved to take up the joint resolu-
tion to promote the purchase of hemp for the use
of the American navy; which motion was agreed
to.
Mr. Y. explained the ol5ject of the resolution,
which was to allow the Secretary of the Navy to
contract for the purchase of hemp for five years,
at a price not to exceed the average price of the
last year. He said it was the opinion of many
persons that hemp would be found in this country
equal in all respects to the best Riga hemp, and at
a much less cost.
Mr. NILES moved to amend the resolution by
inserting a proviso to the effect that the price should
not exceed the average market price at the time the
hemp was delivered.
This motion led to a brief debate, in which
Messrs. NILES, HALE, YULEE, DOUGLAS,
UNDERWOOD, B ALOW IN, CRITT EN DEN,
and others, participated; when the question was
taken on Mr. Niles's amendment, and decided in
the negative.
The question was then taken on the passage of
the resolution, Mr. HALE demanding the yeas
and nays, which were ordered, and the vote stood
for the passage as follows:
YEAS—Mes&rs. Ashley, Atchison, Badger, BHI. Benton,
Bernen, flradbury, Bree-.«, Caiueion. Clayton, Cutt^nden,
Davio of Mississippi, D lyton, Dongas, Down5*, Felch,
Greene, Johnson of Louisiana, Johnson of Goorjia, Aiiiler,
Moor, Pheip*, Ru^k, Spruanee, Underwood, Uptiam, Web-
ster, and Yiilec—28.
NAYS—Me^rs. Athevton, Bagby, Butler, Calhoun, Dick-
inson, Hale, Lewis, Mason, Niles, and Turney—10.
THE LOAN BILL.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the loan bill;
when—
Mr. ATHERTON regretted that it was his lot
to occupy the attention of the Senate in relation to
this bill. But it was necessary he should do so,
in order to show the considerations which had
weighed with the Committee on Finance in its ac-
tion on this bill. He then went on to speak of
Mexico and the war; of the fiscal condition of the
country when the war was commenced; of the great
measures which passed Congress during the session
of 1846- 7—the tanlFbill, the independent treasury -
bill, the treasury note bill, &c.—by which the Gov-
ernment had been relieved from great pecuniary
difficulty.
Mr. ATHERTON then went into a detail of
receipts and expenditures, and into a description
of the operation of issuing and reissuing treasury
notes. In this statement he was not considered
by some Senators as perfectly intelligible, until he
had several times put the case of a treasury note
for flOO issued, and $ 100 received from customs,
