THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23.
counts, [Mr.Kree,] was entirely different, as every
one would recollect, from that on which the reso-
lution was based. Governor Fairfield died in the
city of Washington, and the amount appropriated
by the Senate from its own contingent fund, for
the funeral which took place in Maine, was the
sum which would have beenlncurred if the funeral
had taken place here. In this case, however, as
he understood, the gentleman did not die here, but
at his own place of residence—an entirely different
case. The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
King] had mentioned the case of a friend of his
own, (Mr. McC.) to whose family the sum of $1 ,200
had been paid. Now, that case was not a prece-
dent to justify this resolution; for the allowance
was simply his travelling expenses, and nothing
more. There was not a dollar allowed for expenses-
while he was sick in the city of New York. There
was nothing allowed but his mileage from his resi-
dence to the city of New York, when he was on his
way to Washington to take his seat. Here, how-
ever, was a proposition the adoption of which
would create a precedent, in which a principle was
involved to which he was opposed. If the appro-
priation of the sum mentioned m the amendment
was intended to be a gratuity to the family of the
deceased, let the House vote upon it as it pleased;
but as it involved a matter of principle, he could not
give it his approbation. He was utterly opposed
to it. He was not in the habit of troubling the
House with long speeches, and therefore he would
detain it no longer. *
Mr. YEN ABLE said it was with extreme re-
luctance that he felt himself compelled to vote
against such a proposition as this. He believed,
however, it was the duty of this House to pay
the", funeral expenses of a member of Congress
wherever he might die. If a gentleman came to
this House as a member, and took his seat—be-
came sick, as the gentleman in this case did, and
went away for the recovery of his health and uied,
he died in the service of his constituents and the
country, and he (Mr. V.) would pay his funeral
expenses if they could be ascertained; but he would
not vote in the dark a single dollar. A gentleman
had come here sick, and afterwards proceeded to
St. Augustine and there died, and the expenses of
his funeral he (Mr. V.) would be willing to appro-
priate if they could be ascertained. He knew no
principle which would prevent the payment of such
funeral expenses, while they paid the funeral ex-
penses of those who died here. He was willing
to pay all proper respect to members of this House,
under such circumstances, but he would not vote
any sum of money until the expenses were ascer-
tained; otherwise thousands of dollars might be
spent, and this House called upon to pay them.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, propounded an
inquiry to Mr. Yen able, which was understood
to refer to the expense of Mr. Holley's family,
in removing him'to Florida, and his remains back
to the State of New York.
Mr. VENABLE said he expected to vote the
expenses of a committee of this House of thirty
members who had accompanied the remains of
Mr. Adams to Boston: and when a gentleman
came here and took his seat, and was ready to dis-
charge his duty as a representative of the people,
but was attacked by disease and died, he was
willing, not to pay his expenses to Florida and
back, but the funeral expenses at the place where
he should be buried; and with these views, before
he resumed his seat, he should move to recommit
this whole subject to the Committee on Accounts,
that it might be ascertained what the actual funeral
expensed were. He would do this because he
could see no distinction-between the funeral ex-
penses of a member of this House who died here
and one who died many miles off. What dis-
tinction could the House make between a member
who should die in Georgetown, one mile off, and
one who died fifty miles off? Could the expenses
be consistently'paid m the one case and not in the
other? The resolution ar.d amendment, in then-
present shape, would establish a precedent which
he was unwilling to sanction, however painful it
might be to him to oppose it,;under the afflicting
circumstances of the case. He therefore moved to
recommit, for the purpose which he had indicated.
Mr. McCLELLAND remarked that the reason
why the expenses were paid here was, because
the circumstances of a member dying in their midst
made it peculiarly proper that they should attend
his funeral; and the pageant was then their own,
and its expenses it was right that they should bear.
But had they ever paid the funeral expenses of a
member who died at home? It appeared to him
that they had 110 precedent to lead them to pay the
expenses in this case; and it must be remembered
that if this was sanctioned, it would be a pi^ce-
dent, in accordance with which they must, in jus-
tice, pay the expenses of some seven or eight other
funerals which had already taken place.
Mr. VENABLE said he would ever follow his
principles to their necessary results; but if his
principles were incorrect, he would abandon them.
He knew no reason why they should pay for pa-
geants here; he knew nb solid foundation on which
they could base the right to pay the expense of
funerals here, which would not apply to the case
of those who died away from this Capitol. But
he wjpuld vote against any proposition to pay a
sum for such a purpose, unless it was shown that
the money had been expended on the funeral of a
member who had died in the service of the coun-
try.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON suggested to gentlemen
to allow the resolution, as reported from the com-
mittee, to be adopted, for to that, he understood,
there was no objection; so that the family could
receive that which was unquestionably theirs ^ and
then allow the Committee on Accounts to make
further examination on the subject embraced in
the amendment.
Mr. KENNON said the amendment proposed to
the report of the committee, if successful, would
establish a new precedentfor thefuture action ofthis
House; that some care should be taken before we
establish a precedent liable to much abuse, and for
which there is no good reason. The resolution
originally offered by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Brodhead,] and referred to the Com-
mittee on Accounts, contemplated the payment of
a sum of money to the widow of the late Mr.
Hornbeck, a member from that Stale, equal to
that which it would have taken to bury him in the
Congressional burying-ground, in case he had died
m this city. The principle involved in the resolu-
tion had not only been fully examined, but an ex-
amination had been made to ascertain how far this
House had gone in such matters, and how far they
should go in the present case; and nothing is haz-
arded in saying, that there is no authority what-
ever to warrant the allowance here claimed.
A similar case to the present one came before the
twenty-eighth Congress—that of Mr. Dimock, a
member from the Slate of Pennsylvania—m which
the same principle was involved, in that case, it
seems, the matter was fully considered. The
House, in that case, arrived at the same conclusion
presented in the report and resolution now under
consideration. In that case the mileage and " per
diem" were paid up to the day of his death, and no
more. In this case the same allowance is made.
This has been the practice in all similar cases, and
it is hoped the principle will not now be departed
from. The gentleman fiom North Carolina [Mr.
Venable] seems to be opposed to an allowance in
gross, but is favorable to the payment of the actual
expenses, whenever the several items shall be pre-
sented to this House for payment. To this there
are several objections. A member could be buried
111 North Carolina for §50; in the city of New
York or Boston, it would require $2000. These
two bills, if itemized, would be allowed according to
the pi mcipleadvanced by thegentleman from North
Carolina. This would be wrong. If the former
practice of the House is departed trom, let the new
principle operate equally. But there is still another
objection. Let it be known that the contingent
fund of this House is liable for such expenditures,
and the pomp and pageantry of the occasion will
not be excelled by anything of a similar kind that
ever occurred in this city.
Mr. Speaker, it is hoped the amendment will
not succeed, and that the resolution as reported
may meet the approbation of the House. Let us
follow some piecedents, and not establish a princi-
ple which, in piactice, is liable to so much abuse.
Mr. RHETT spoke in opposition to the amend-
ment. When a member died here at his post, in
the service of his country and of hi3 constituents,
the funeral, he was ready to admit, should be at
the expense of the House; for in the funeral cer-
emonies they were themselves participants. This
was warranted by the precedents of many years,
and thus far he would go, but no fuither. But
look at the case of the gentleman in question.' Was
he here whe.n he died ? Had his disease been con-
tracted while in the discharge of his duties here?
Were the members of this House called upon to
join in the funeral ceremonies? Not at all. An-
othercase occurred here. A gentleman [Mr. Hot-
ley] came to this House in a sick condition, was
sworn by the Speaker in one of the seats here, and
then went out again. He received his mileage and
per diem for coming here, and going away again.
He could not assent to the position of the gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Venable,] that
this House should pay the expense of the funeral
of all those who died after being elected as mem-
bers. Why, suppose one of their associates should
die in the city of New York, and his friends chose
to think him a very distinguished man, who re-
quired a magnificent funeral,and they should spend
thousands of dollars for that purpose, and then send
their bills here: would it be right that this House
should pay them? He could not go to that length. .
He thought the funeral expenses of members dying
at their homes should be borne by their families.
Allusion had been made to the funeral of ex-
President Adams, and also to that of Mr, Senator
Fairfield. Mr. Fairfield was not a member of this
House, and he did not choose to be governed by
what the Senate might do in such a case. This
House was an independent body. But, with re-
spect to the funeral of the late much-lamented Mr.
Adams, the circumstances were altogether of an
extraordinary chaiactef. Did they ever again ex-
pect to see an ex-President on this floor as illus-
trious- as he had been, both in this country and the
world? Mr. Adams was the first, and he (Mr. R.)
believed he would be the last, President of this
countrv that would return to this House and min-
gle with them in their deliberations; and they had
only done for him that which was an exception to
ordinary proceedings. It was an extraordinary
instance of a most extraordinary man coming to
this House, after retiring from the Presidency, to
discharge the duties of a Representative of the
people. With the gentleijian from North Carolina
[Mr. Venable] he concurred, respecting the pay-
ment of the funeral expenses of that distinguished
man. He would vote for the payment of every
dollar of them.
Mr. HUDSON thought that the subject and the
sum submitted to the consideration of the House
was not such as to call for any prolonged debate.
For himself, he saw no constitutional question or
other principle involved in making the appropria-
tion proposed to give him the slightest disturbance.
He believed there was just as much propriety in
paying to a member of that House both his mile-
age and his per diem, though he was able to stay
in his place but an hour, as to pay it to members
who stayed there but one or two days in a week,
and had not the excuse of persona] indisposition
for their absence. It was well known that all the
members were absent from their places more or
less during the session; sometimes on public busi-
ness, but in most cases, he believed, on that which
was private and personal to themselves. And yet
he suspected there were but few who were actu-
ated by so great a degree of scrupulosity as to
make a pro rata deduction for their absence at the
end of the session. Mr. II. was as ready to vote
to pay a man who was absent from the House in
consequence of sickness, as to one who was absent
from it on his own private business.
And now as to the expenses of a funeral. All
seemed to agree, that if a member died in this city,
his funeral expenses ought to be paid out of the
contingent fund of the House. Now, so far aS
the principle of the matter was concerned, Mr. H.
could perceive no difference between a member
dying here and dying elsewhere. Supposing a
member, while in discharge of his duty on that floor,
should be taken sick, and attempt to return home,
but while on his journey should die at Baltimore,
why was it not as equitable that the expense of
burying him in Baltimore should be paid by the
House just as much as the expense of burying
him at Washington ? While Mr. H. concurred
with the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Venable,] and was ready, like him, to pay any
reasonable charge for the funeral expenses in the
present case, he was not prepared to open an ac-
count current with the sexton, and chaffer about
the various items in his bill. He considered such
a course as beneath the dignity of the House. He
was prepared to pay a fair average amount, and to
pay it at once. He considered debate on such a
