THE'.CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 29, 1848.
New Series No. 34.
question as something more than unnecessary.
The question lay in a very small compass, and as
he thought it had been quite sufficiently discussed,
h-e would conclude by moving the previous ques-
tion. .
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question, which was first on the amendment
of Mr. Morehf.ad, was taken and decided in the
negative: Yeas 73, nays 85.
The original resolution was then adopted.
Mr. VINTON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, to which was referred the bill of the
- Senate to remit tjie duties on books, maps, and
charts imported for the use of the Library of Con-
gress, reported the same back to the House with
an amendment.
The amendment was read and agreed to.
The bill was then read a third time, passed, and
returned to the Senate.
Mr. VINTO!Sr, from the same committee, to
which was referred the bill further to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service of the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1848, which was re-
turned from the Senate with sundry amendments,
reported the same back to the House with amend-
ments to the Senate's amendments.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr, Stephens, of Georgia, in
the chair, and took up
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The first amendment of the Senate was, to strike
out the proviso " to the item for pay of two keep
ers of the public archives in Florida."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence with the Senate in Iheir
first amendment.
- The question was put on the said amendment of
the Senate, and it was disagreed to.
The second amendment of the Senate was read,
viz: " For expenses of loans and treasury notes,
§5,000."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a lion-concurrence with the Senate in this
amendment.
The question was put on the second amendment
of the Senate, and it. was disagreed to.
The third amendment of the Senate was read
and concurred in, under the recommendation of
the Committee of Ways and Means.
The fourth amendment of the Senate was read.
It proposes to amend the item which provides for
additional clerks in the office of the Second Auditor
by reducing the appropriation from §15,000 to
#12,000, and to strike'out the words " at a per
diem of not more than three dollars and thirty-
three cents for each clerk."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence with the Senate in this
amendment, and with an amendment, viz: to add
to the amendment the following: " At a rate not
exceeding $1,000 per annum." So that the pay
of no. one of the additional clerks shall exceed
$1,000 per annum. *
Mr. VINTON explained the amendment.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, opposed the
concurrence, on the ground that the appropriation
proposed for additional clerks in the Treasury
Department was wholly inadequate, and that the
whole matter should be postponed until they re-
ceived such information as would enable them to
act understanding^ and efficiently on the subject;
which information the Secretary of the Treasury
had hitherto refused to give, although requested by
resolution of the House on the 28th ultimo.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, advocated'the ap-
propriation as necessary to enable the Secretary of
the Treasury to employ such clerks during the
remainder of the fiscal year as were necessary to
despatch the business which was pressing upon
them. He favored the amendment of the Senate
and the amendment thereto of the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. McKAY read a statement of the Second
Auditor, of the number of clerks which were in-
dispensable in his bureau, and explained and vin-
34
dicated the proposition of the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, further op-
posed this partial aid to the departments, and de-
sired the postponement of action until they could
receive full information from the Secretary.
jyir. .HOUSTON, of Alabama, defended the ac-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury in this mat-
ter, and repelled what he considered a party attack
upon him by Mr. Rockwell.
Mr. ROCKWELL, the floor being yielded,dis-
claimed any such design, and expressed an honest
•desire to afford the department un ample clerical
force.
Mr. HOUSTON resumed, and urged the im-
portance of the proposition as indispensable to the
transaction of public business at the department,
for which the whole country was calling.
Mr. ROCKWELL further explained and de-
fended his position, and the action of the Commit-
tee of Claims, with a view to afford full and efficient
clerical aid to the departments.
Further conversation and explanations passed
between Messrs. VINTON and ROCKWELL, of
Connecticut.
Mr. HUDSON favored a concurrence with the
propositions of the Committee of Ways and Means
and of the Senate, and advocated the affording the
aid to the department, provided by the amendment,
as good to the extent to winch it readied.
The amendment proposed by the Committee of ^
Ways and Means to the Senate's amendment, was
agreed to,
"Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved to
amend the Senate's amendment, by striking out
"$12,000," and inserting "^lOO." Disagreed to
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to amend the
Senate's amendment, so as? to make it apply to the
office of the Second Comptroller, as well as to the
office of the Second Auditor, and to increase the
sum from $12,000 to $17,000.
Mr. JONES explained hist amendment.
And, after some conversation between Messrs.
VINTON, HENLEY, and JOHNSON, of Ar-
kansas, Mr. J.'s amendment was agreed to.
The Sienate's fourth amendment, as amended,
was then agreed to.
The fifth amendment of the Senate was read,
viz; "For compensation to eight additional clerks I
to be employed in the General Land Olliec, four of I
them at the rate of twelve hundred dollars per an- ]
mim each, and the remaining four at the rate of i
one thousand dollars per annum cach, the sum of I
*2,200." I
The Committce'of Ways and Means recom- |
mended a concurrence in this amendment of the j
Senate, with an amendment, viz: Strike out the
words " four of them at the rate of $1,200 per an-
num each, and the remaining "four," and reduce
the sum to $$,000.
The amendment to the Senate's amendment was
agreed to.
"The fifth amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was then agreed to.
The remaining amendments of the Senate—viz:
the sixth, seventh, eighth, and ninth—were read,
and, under the recommendation of the Committee
of "^iys and Means, agreed to.
The committee then'rose, and reported the con-
clusions to which they had arrived.
The question was stated on concurring with the
Senate in their first amendment, on which some
discussion ensued between Messrs. CABELL and
McKAY; after which, the amendment of the Sen-
ate was disagreed to.
The question was put on the second amendment
of the Senate, and it was disagreed to.
The third, sixth, seventh, eighth, and ninth
amendments of the Senate were read and agreed
to.
The fifth amendment of the Senate, as amended
by the Committee of the Whole, was read and
agreed to.
The fourth amendment of the Senate, as amend-
ed by the Committee of the Whole, was read.
Mr. VINTON rose and made a statement in re-
gard to this amendment, and sent to the Clerk's
table, where they were read, letters from the-act-
ing Secretary of the Treasury, the Third Auditor,
and the Second Comptroller, in regard to the insuffi-
ciency of the clerical force in those offices.
Mr. VINTON then moved further to amend the
third amendment of the Senate, as amended by the
Committee of the Whole, by embracing " the of-
fice of the Third Auditor" in the amendment pro-
viding additional force for the bureau of the Second
Comptroller and the Second Auditor.
Some con versation ensued between Messrs. VIN-
TON, HENLEY, McKAY, JONES, of Tennes-
see, and CLARK.
Mr. POLLOCK moved the previous question,
which was seconded; and, under its operation, Mr.
Vinton's amendment was agreed to.
The amendment of the Committee of the Whole
to the Senate's amendment was then agreed to.
The question recurred on the fourth amendment
of the Senate, as amended, and it was agieed to.
All the amendments having been acted on, it was
ordered that the Speaker acquaint the Senate of the
action of the House on their amendments to the
bill further to supply the deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the fiscal year ending June 30, lo48.
Mr. HUNT, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported, on leave, sundry amendments to the
" bill to establish a Territorial Government in Ore-
gon. 5' Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following memorials and petitions were pre-
sented under the rufc*, and referred:
By Mr. MeLANE: The petition of Richard Patiison pray-
ing the passage of a special act allowing him a land war-
rant. Also, the memorial of Charles U.~Mar hii)i and hia
associates, tor an act authorizing a contract to be made with
thorn to carry the public mail in steam vessels between the
ports of New York and Havre.
By Mr. GREGORY: The remonstrance of a large number
of farmers and others, citizens of the county of JSssex, in the
State of N<-w Jersey, against the renewal of the patent for
the Jethro Wood plough.
By Mr. WENTVyORTH: The petition of sundry citizens
of Homer, Illinois, for reform in newspaper postage.
By Mr.McILVAlNE: The petition of Henry Speakman
and 103 others, Joshua Rhoads and 76 others, B. Pitman and
others, Aaron Kirk and 3-2 others, and Barclay Ivins and
44 others, inhabitants ol PeuriMlvama, prating that Congress
will take iiiea^urestoretreetimi-neh change of the Cont-titu-
, tion and laws as shall abolish slavery thioughout the Union,
! m the manner tlnu niiiv he most consistent with justice and
! the rights and mtereMs of every «eetion or the country.
Aho, the petition of I^aac Meredith and 13 others, inhabit-
ants of Pennsylvania, representing that the Federal Consti-
tution, in attempt to unite freedom and slavery in our
body politic, lias aheady hrpusht upon the country great and
munitold evils, and has fully proved that no such union can
e.xist hut by the sacrifice of freedom to the supremacy of
slavery; and praying Uongres-a to devise, without delay,
sonic plan for the immediate peaceful dissolution of the
American Union.
By Mr. CHAPMAN: The memorial of a committee of
the Corporation of Washington, in behalf of said Corpora-
tion and the people  &tbe said citv,in relation to the amend-
ments to the charier of the city of Washington agreed to hy
a vote of the people. ANo, two memorials from a large
number of citizens of Washington, remonstrating against
tlie passage of the bill authorizing attachments on mesne
process.
By Mi. JOHNSON, of Tennessee : A petition of Joceph
i M. Rhea,asking an increase ofthe pension he now receives;
said pension to commence in 1837.
By Mr. WHITE: The memorial of Aaron Cook and 60
other?*, reiuonstiatmg against the extension of the patent of
Jethro Wood. . „ . ,
Bv Mr. MORSE : The petition of William A. Whitely,
Andievv White, ami 09 others, praying for the establishment
of a po«t route in Louisiana.
Bv Mr. WENT WORTH: The petition of sundry ciuzena
of De Kalb county, Illinois, in favor of reform in the pre-
emption laws.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 23, 1848.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication frogi the Secretary o y.
accompanied by seventy-five copies of y
R Ti^iOT M^sirSNT laic! before the Senate
v juij * „ f the Senate, made m
* X cfofSenate relation
E, thecauses of the delay m printing the report of
Dj-. "Wislizenus.,
