1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
531
may be said that we did not go to war for conquest
•—credat Judceus Jlppela!—yet the moment we get
possession of the territory, it is said that we must
retain it and make it our own. Now, f think the
original object has not been changed. Sir, I think
it still exists in the eyes of those who originally
contemplated it—who began the war for it; that it
is as attractive to them, and from whio.h they have
no more desire to avert their eyes now than they
had then, or have had at any time since we have
compelled a treaty of cession. We know in our
consciences that it is compelled! We use it as an
instrument, and an-agency in conjuntion with other
instrumentalities and agencies of a more formida-
ble ordestructive character, to enforce the acquies-
cence of Mexico in the acquisition by us of new
territory to form new States—new States to be
added to this Union. Every intelligent man knows
that there is a strong desire in the heart of the Mex-
ican citizen to retain the territories belonging to
lhat republic. We know that the Mexican people
part with their territory—if part they must—with
regret,with pangsof sorrow. That wcknow We
know the cession is altogether forced; and, there-
fore, because we know it must be forced-—because
we know that whtvtever the Government, which is
our creature, may do or  gree to—we know that
the Mexican people will never accede to the terms
o£this treaty, but through an impulse of absolute
necessity, and the impression made upon them by
absolute irresistible force. Therefore, we propose to
overwhelm them with another army. We propose
to raise immediately ten regiments of regular troops,
and twenty regiments of volunteers, and to pour
them in and upon the Mexican people.** +
Now, sir, I should be happy to concur, notwith-
standing all this tocsin, and all this cry of nil the
Sempronmses in the land that their voice is still for
war,—T should be happy to agree, and substantially
I do agree, with the honorable member from South
Carolina, that, after all, the war with Mexico is
substantially over; that there can be no more fight-
ing. My opinion m the present state of things is,
that the people of this country will not.sustain
this war. They will not go to the expense. They
will not find any gratification in putting the bayo-
net tOnthe throat of the 'Mexican people. For my
part, I hone the ten-regiment bill will never become
a law. Three weeks ago I should have entertain-
ed that hope with'the utmost confidence. Events
since have, struck me with pain, and shaken my
conviction. Still I hope it will not pass. And
here, I dare say, 1 shall be called a " Mexican
Whig.*' A man who can stand up here and say
that he hopes that what the Administration pro-
jects for the further prosecution (if the war against
Mexico will not be can ied into effect, is " an ene-
my to the country;" or, what gentlemen would
consider the same tiling, an enemy of the President
of the United States and bis Administration, and
his party! He is a " Mexican!" Sir, I think
very badly of the Mexican character, high and
low, out and out. But names do not terrify me.
Besides, if I am a sufferer in this respect—if I be
made the subject of reproach by these stipendiary
presses, these hired abusers of the motives of pub-
lic men, I have, the honor on this occasion to be
in very respectable company. In the vituperative,
the accusauvc, the denunciatory sense of that term,
I do not know a greater Mexican in thin body
thun the honorable member from Michigan at the
head of the Military Committee !
Mr. CASS. I should like the honorable gen-
tleman to explain what sort of Mexican I am.
Mr. WEBSTER. That is exactly the thing I
now propose to do.
Mr. CASS. I shall be glad to hear the expla-
nation,
Mr. WEBSTER. In his remarks on this bill
in the Senate, the other day, the honorable gen-
tleman told us that his object was to frighten
Mexico—it would touch his humanity to hurt
her!
Mr. CASS. Does the honorable gentleman
mean to say that I made such a remark?
Mr. WEBSTER. I mean to say that the gen-
tleman said it twice.
Mr. CASS. I beg the gentleman's pardon. I
said no such thing. Will the gentleman allfASr me
to state what I did say? 1 remarked that we had
two objects to accomplish in raising these rcgi-
mentsfone was, the vigorous prosecution of the
war; and,secondly, to produce a moral effect upon
Mexico, by convincing her of our determination,
and thereby hold out an inducement to her to make
peace.
p Mr. WEBSTER. The gentleman-said, that his
principal object was to " frighten" Mexico, and
that that would be more humane than to harm
Mexico.
Mr. CASS, (in his seat.) True.
Mr. WEBSTER. It is true? Very well, I
thought as much. Now, the remarkable charac-
teristic of his .speech which makes it so tnuch a
Mexican speech is, that the gentleman spoke it in
the hearing of Mexico, as well as. in the hearing
of the Senate. We have been accused, sir, of being
"Mexican Whigs," because what we say here is
heard by Mexico, and Mexico derives countenance
and support from what is said here. But the hon-
orable member comes forth and tells Mexico that
his object is to frighten her! His words have
passed along the wires—they are on the Gulf—they
ai;e floating: away to Vera Cruz; and when they
2-et there, they will satisfy the Mexicans that, after
all—after all, " ye good Mexicans, our principal
object is to frighten you!" And to the end that
they may not be frightened too much, he gives
them notice that the object is to frighten them.
Mr. President, when Snug, the joiner, was to rep-
resent the lion, and roar on the stage, he was quite
apprehensive that he might, too much frighten " the
dutchess and the ladies;" and, therefore, by the
advice of his comrade, one Nicholas Bottom, he
wisely concluded that, in the heat and fury of his
effort, he would show one-half his face and say—
11 Ladies, fair ladies, I would wish you,or I would
request yon, or I would entreat yon, not to fenr,
not to tremble; my life for yours, if you think I
come hither as a lion, it were pity of my life ' No,
I am no such thing; I am a man as other men tire;
I'm Snug, the joiner."
But, sir, in any view of this case—in any view
of the proper policy of this Government, accord-
ing to any man's apprehension and judgment,
where is the necessity of this augmentation of
regiments of the military force of the country5 I
hold in my hand a note—1 suppose substantially
correct—of the present military forces of the Uni-
ted States. I will not vouch for its entire accuracy;
but I believe it is substantially according to fact.
There are now twenty-five regiments of regular
troops of various arms, which, if full, would give
us a force of 28,9fi0 rank and file, and, including
officers, thirty thousand and odd men. These,
with the exception of six or seven hundred men,
are now all without the limits of the United States,
in field service in Mexico, or on the route to Mex-
ico. These regiments are not full. Casualties and
the climate have sadly leduced theii numbers. If
the recruiting service would now yield ten thousand
men, it would not more than fill up those regiments
so as to give the field-officers their full command,
f understand, sir, that the report from General
Scott—General Scott!—a man that has performed
the most brilliant campaign in military annals; a
man that has v/arred against the enemy, warred
against the climate, warred against a thousand
unpropitious circumstances, and carried the flag of
his country to the capital of the enemy, honor-
ably, proudly, humanely, to his own permanent
honor and the groat credit of his country. General
Scott! And where is he ? At Pueblo ! At PueUla,
undergoing an inquiry before his inferiors in office,
and other persons not in office; while* the high
powers that he exercised, and exeteised with so
much distinction, are turned over to another, 1 do
not mean to say an unworthy gentleman, but his
inferior in military rank and station,—but General
Scott reports, as I understand, that in February,
there were twenty thousand regular troops under
his command and f?? rout?. Add the thirty regi-
ments of volunteers, and if full they would make
thirty-four thousand men—officers included, over
thirty-five thousand—and there would be a force of
| regulars and volunteers amounting to not less than
fifty-five, thousand or sixty thousand men, inclu-
ding the recruits on the way. If. my information
be exact—and the honorable member from Michi-
gan can coirect me if it be "hot; I presume that it
is■ conect—in February General Scott had under
him in Mexico thirty thousand troops, regulars
and volunteers. Now, all these troops are regu-
larly officered. Theie is no deficiency of officers
in the line or in the staif. They are all full.
Whatever deficiency there is, consists of men.
Now, sir, there is a plausible reason for saying
that it is difficult to recruit at home for the supply
of deficiencies in the volunteer regiments. It will
be said that volunteers choose to enlist under offi-
cers of their own selection; that they do not incline
to enlist here as individual volunteers, when tibe
regiment is abroad, under officers of whom they
know nothing. There may be something in that,
but, pray, to whatdoesihatconclusion lead? Does
it not lead to this, that all those volunteer corps
must moulder away, so far as the privates are con-
cerned, and come to nothing; meantime the places
of the commissioned officers are continually filled;
the regiments being full of officers, although the
privates, by casualty or by disease, are reduced to
be less in number than the officers themselves?
But however that may be, in regard to the recruit-
ing for the regujar service, you can fill up the regi-
ments by pay and bounty, according to existing
laws, or new laws, if new laws be necessary*
There is no reason upon earth why we should now
create five hundred new officers for the purpose of
getting ten thousand new men. There are officers
to command them. All that is wanted is men,
and there is a place for the men; and I suppose
that no gentleman can stand up here or elsewhere
and say that the recruiting service can go on faster
than it will be necessary to go on in order to fill up
these deficiencies in the regiments abroad. Butnow
what do we want with a greater force than we al-
ready have inMexico? Without asking what need
there is for the supply of deficiencies in the existing
regiments, what do sve want beyond the thirty thou-
sand regulars and volunteers now in field service?
What is the purpose? There is no army to fight.
I suppo.se the enemy has not five hundred men to-
gether under arms in any part of Mexico. Except-
m one instance, perhaps, there is not half that
number. Mexico is prostrate. There is no Gov-
ernment to resist us, Why, it is notorious that
the Government of Mexico is on our side. It is
our instrument by which we hope to establish
such a peace, and accomplish such a treaty as we
wish. As fur as I can understand the matter, the
Government of Mexico owes its life, and breath,
and being, at this moment, to the support of our
arm; and to the hope—I will not say now inspir-
ed—that somehow or another, and at no distant
period, there may be pecuniary means arising from
our three millions, or our twelve millions, or some
other of our millions. What do we propose to do,
then, with those thirty regiments that we design
to pour into Mexico? Aie wc going to cut the
throats of the Mexicans? Are we goin<£ to plunge
the sword deeper and deeper into the vital part of
Mexico5 What do we propose to do* Sir, I see
no object, and yet we are pressed and urged to
ndopt this proposition in its full length—ten regi-
ments of regulars, and twenty regiments of volun-
teers! We are told, and the public i>: told, and the
public believes, that we are on the verge of a safe
and hor.oiabki peace. Every man looks out in
the morning foi tidings of confirmed peace, or con-
firmed hopes of peace. He gathers it from the
Administration, and every organ of the Adminis-
tration, from Dan to Beersheba*. and yet the war-
like operations—the incurring of additional ex-
penses—the. imposition of new charges upon the
treasury, are pressed here as if peace were not in
all our thoughts, at least not in any of our expect-
ations!
Now, sir, I propose to hold some plain talk to-
day; and 1 say that, according to my best judg-
ment and apprehension of matters, the main object
of these bills is patronage—office—the gratification
of friend*. This very measure for ten additional
regiment*, creates four oefivc hundred officers, col-
onels and subalterns, and not them only, for whom ,
I have some respect, but then there come pay-
masters, contractors, persons engaged in the trans-
port service, commissaries, even down to^utlers,
el id gnuts omne—people who handle the public
money without facing the foe; one and all, the true
descendants, if not the true representatives, of Cor*
porai Nym, who said—
"For I >h,\W sutler be
Unto the camp, ami profits \yill accrue.
Sir, I hope, without disrespect to those applicants
and aspnants, and those patriots, some of them
patriots ready to fight, and those other patriots not
willing to fight, but willing to be paid, I hope,
without disrespect to any of them, according to
their rank and station, and merits, that they may
be all disappointed. -I hope, sir, as the weather
o-rows genial, and the season advances, they will,
on the whole, find it their interest to place them-
