1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
535
Sir, I would, if I had time, call the attention of
the Senate to a very instructive speech that was
" made in the other House by Mr. Smith", of Con-
necticut. He seems to have examined all our au-
thorities, conversed with all our travellers, corre-
sponded with all our agents. His speech contains
ail their communications; and I commend it to
every, man in the United States who wishes to
know what we are about to acquire by the acquisi-
tion of New Mexico. New Mexico is-secluded,
isolated^—a place by itself—in the middle of the
mountains—five hundred miles, I believe, from
Texas.
Mr. RUSK. Five hundred miles from the set-
tled portions of Texas.
Mr. WEBSTER. Further from anywhere else!
It does not belong anywhere. It has no belong-
ings about it. Sir, at this moment, it is absolutely
more retired, and shut out from communication
with the civilized world, than the Sandwich Islands,
or most of the islands in the Pacific Ocean. It
presses hard on Types, and the people arc infi-
nitely less elevated iri mind and condition than the
people of the Sandwich Islands—far less worthy
of our association—far less fit to send their Sena-
tors here, than are the inhabitants of the Sandwich
Islands—far less worthy are they than the better
classes of Indians in our neighborhood. Com-
mend me to the Cherokees, the Choctaws—if you
please, to sneak of the Pawnees, the Blackfect, and
* the Snake Indians, and the Flatheads—anything
except the Indians, and I am satisfied with
them, instead of the people of Mew Mexico. They
have no notion of our institutions, or of any free
institutions. They any notion of popular govern-
ment! Why, not the slightest—not the slightest
on earth. And the question is asked, what will
be their constitution ? It is farcical to talk of such
a people making a constitution. Tliey do not
know the meaning of the tenn. They do not
know its import; they know nothing at all about
it. And I can tell you, sir, that when we have
made it a Territory, and wish to make it a Slate,
such a constitution as the Executive power of this
Government thinks fit to send to them, will be sent
• and adopted. The constitution of our fellow-citi-
ssens of New Mexico will be framed in the city
of Washington. Now, what says Colonel Hardin,
in regard to New Mexico—that most lamented and
distinguished officer, whom I well knew as a mem-
ber of the other House, and whose death I did
most deeply deplore? He gives a description of
New Mexico, nnd speaks of the people of that
country in these term?:
(( Tlw! people jire on a par with tli'Mr Ono in two
hundred or live hundred is iH'li,!iml live* like ;t nabob; tlie
rest lire peons, or servant* sold lor drill, who work I'or their
!>., ami nrr ji*. mjIwi vii-nl flic sOavrs ot the South,
nnd Jook l<kr Indian*; nnd, indeed, iii-r- not more capable of
sulI-Koveinmi'nt, One limn. Jacobus Sanchez, owns three-
fourths or all tin' laud our column Iiih pa^ed ovci m Mc\i-
co. We are told we hitvo seen the best part of' Northern
Mcxico; if so, the whole of it is not worth much."
I need not read the whole extract. He speaks
of al! Northern Mexico, and New Mexico is not
the better of it. Sir, there is a jrecent traveller,
who is not unfriendly to the United States, if 1
may jnd^e from his works, for he commends us
every where. He is an Englishman , and his name
is Ruxton. I believe his work is in the library,
and I suppose that gentlemen have seen it. Ho
gives an account of the morals and manners of
these people; and, Mr. President and Senators, I
will take leave to introduce you to these, your
soon-to-be respected fellow-citizens of New Mex-
ico : .
"It is remarkable, that although existing from the earliest
times of the colonization of New Mexico, a period of two
centuries, in a atute of continual hostility with the numerous
savage tribe* of ludtaus who surrounded their territory, uud
inconstant insecurity of life and property from their attack'*;
being aUo far removed Irom the enervating influences o(
largo cities, and in their isolated situation, Entirely depend-
ent on their own resources, the inhabitants are totally desti-
tute of those qualities, which, for the above reasons, we
f*i>ght naturally have expected to distinguish them, and are
as deficient in energy o! character nnd physicn! courage, ns
they are in all the moral and intellectual qualities. In their
social state, hut one degree removed from,the veriest sav-
aae^, they inisht take lemons evenfiom these in morality
and the conventional decencies of lift?. Imposing uo re-
stiaintoii their paeons, a shameless and universal concu-
binage and a total disregard of moral iaw, to which
it would he 1'npos.sibh' to find a pamllel in ony country call-
ing itself civilized. A want of honorable principle, and con-
summate duplicity and treachery, characterize all their
dealings. Liars by nature, thuy are treacherous and faith-
less to their friends, cowardly and cringing to their enemies;
cruel, as ail cowards are, they unite savage ferocity with
their want of animal courage ; as an example of which,
their recent massacre of Governor Bent, and other Ameri-
cans, may be given—one of a hundred iii&tances."
" One out of a hundred instances;" and these
are soon to be our beloved countrymen
Mr. President, for a good many years I have
struggled to oppose everything that I thought tend-
ed to strengthen the arm of Executive power. I
think it is growing more and more formidable
every day; and I think that in yielding to it in this
as in other instances, will give it strength, which
it may be hereafter very difficult to^'esist. I think
it is nothing else than fear of Executive power that
commits lis to the support of this war for the ac-
quisition of territory—fear—fear—and nothing else.
In the little part 1 have acted in public life, it has
been my purpose to preserve the people of the
United States—what the Constitution was designed
to make them—one people—one in interest, one
in character, one in political feeling. "When we
depart from that, we bieak it all up. What sym-
pathy can there be between these New Mexicans,
these Californians, and the inhabitants of the val-
ley of the Mississippi or of the Midtfle States, or of
the Eastern States, in the choice of President? Do
they know the same men?. Have they any gen-
eral consentaneous sentiment? Not at all. An
arbitrary government may have territorial govern-
ments in distant possessions, because an arbitrary
government may rule its distant territories by dif-
ferent laws and different systems. Russia may
govern the Ukraine and the Caucasus and Kamt-
schatka by different codes or ukases. We can do
no such thing. They must be of us—part of us—
or else estranged. I think I see then in progress
what is to disfigure and deform the Constitution.
While these territories remain territories, they will
be troublesome nnd annoying. They will draw
after them a vast expense, it will probably re-
quire as many troops on an average ns we have
been in the habit of maintaining for the last twenty
years, in defending these territories from the In-
dian tribes. We must maintain an army at that
distance, and when they become States tliey are
still more likely to give us more trouble than bene-
fit. I think I see a course adopted that is likely
to turn the Constitution under which we live into
a deformed monster—into a curse rather than a
blessing—into a great frame of unequal govern-
ment, not founded on popular representation, but
founded in the grossest inequalities; and I think,
if it go on—for there is danger that it will go on—
that this government will be broken up. I resist
it to-day, nnd always—whoever falters or whoever
falls, 1 resist—although I sec that all the portents
are discouraging. Would to God I could auspicate
good influences! Would to God that those who
think with mc on this subject had stronger sup-
port! Would that wc could stand where we would
desire to stand ! Hut with few or alone my jiosi-
tion is fixed. If theie were time i would gladly
awaken the country. 1 believe the country will be
awakened—it may be too late—but supported or
unsupported, by the blessing of God I shall do my
duty. 1 see well enough all the sinister indica-
tions, but I am sustained by a deep and conscien-
tious sense of duty, and while supported by that
feeling of duty, and while such great interests are
at stake, I shall defy all augury, and ask no omen
but my country's cause!
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. HANNEGAN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executivo busi-
ness, and after some time spent therein,
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 24, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
M5\ BROWN, of Mississippi, on leave, present-
ed the memorial of the Legislature of the State of
Mississippi, praying permission to relinquish cer-
tain sixteenth sections of land, and to locate others
in lieu thereof for the use of schools.
Also, a resolution of the same, in relation to the
condition of the Mississippi rifles and the Missis-
sijipi regiment in New Orleans.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, on leave,
presented certain resolutions of the Legislature of
the State of Mississippi, against the importation of
adulterated medicines and chemicals,
Also, the memorial of the same, praying a change
in the system of transporting the mail.
PRIVATE BtLtS.. ...
On motion of Mr. ROCKWELL, of Cohnecti-
cnt, the House resolved itself into Committeeof
the Whole on the private calendar, (Mr. Boivlin,
of Missouri, in the chair.)
The following bills were 'taken up, read, and
laid aside to be reported to the House, viz:
For the relief of Zelpha White;
For the relief of Thomas Badger;
For the relief of Archibald Bull and Lemuel S.
Finch;
For the relief of.B. 0. Tayloe;
_ For the relief of the legal representatives of Da-
vid Gardner, of Southboro', Massachusetts;
For the relief of Medford Caffey;
For the relief of G. De Lirac;
For the relief of Charles Waldron;
For the relief of Colonel Robert Wallace, aid de
camp to General William Hull;
For the relief of Elijah H. Willis;
For the relief of the legal representatives of Wil-
liam McKenzie, late a seaman on board the United
States ship Vincennes;
For the relief of James B. Davenport;
For the relief of Frederick Durrive;
For the relief of Elisha Thomason;
For the relief of James P. Sexton;
To confirm Elizabeth Burriss, her heirs or as-
signs, in their tract of land;
For the relief of the heirs and widow of Fran-
gois Gramillon;
For the relief of William Triplet;
For the relief of Simon Rodriguez; ,
For the relief of Marcus Fulton Johnson;
Supplemental to the. act approved 6th July, 1842",
entitled "An act confirming certain land claims in
Louisiana;"
For the relief of Joseph Bryan;
For the relief of Jonathan Fitzwater;
For the relief of Sarah .Hildreth;
For the relief of William Pool;
For the relief of Aaron Tucker;
For the relief of Samuel Coney;
For the relief of the heirs of William Evans;
For the relief of William P. Brady;
For the relief of William S. Holland;
For the relief of John Morgan;
For the relief of the legal representatives bf Jas.
Porterfield, deceased;
For the relief of Gideon Walker;
For the relief of Dr. A. G. Henry, of Illinois;
For the relief of John B. Rogers, of South Caro-
lina;
A joint resolution concerning the settlement of
the accounts of William Speiden, purser in the
navy of the United States;
Senate bill in addition to an act for the relief of
Al«"l Gay and Walter Loomis, approved July 2,
IS.'iG.
The following bills were amended, and ordered
to be reported to the House;
The bill for the relief of Hervey Jones was
amended by adding thereto the words " during his
natural life."
The Senate bill to provide for the compensation
of Samuel Leech for services in the investigation'
of suspended sales in the Mineral Point district,
Wisconsin.
The committee then rose nnd reported all of the
above bills to the House, with the action of tha
Committee of the Whole thereon; which action
having been concurred in by the House, the bills
were rend a third time, and passed.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill providing for the payment of arrearages
of jiension to Anthony Walton Bayard, reported
by the Committee of the Whole to the House on
the 10th instant with an amendment. Theamend-
nient was read and agreed to; and the bill ordered
to be engrossed, and, heing engrossed, was read a
third time, passed, and sent to the Senate for con-
currence.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States, trans-
mitting a report from the Secretary of State with
the accompanying documents, in compliance with
the resolution of the House of Representatives of
the 8th instant, calling for " any correspondence
which may have recently taken p ace with the
British Government relative to the adoption of
principles of reciprocity in the trade and shipping
of the two countries." .
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
