1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
537
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday^ *Mctvch 27, 1848.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing* resolutions of the Legislature of the State
of Massachusetts:
Revolved, That'ihe Legislature of Massachusetts tender to
the House of Representatives of the United States the thanks
of the government and people of the Commonwealth for the
signal honor thus done to the memory of their illustrious
} fellow-citizen.
Resolved, That the thanks of the government and people
„ of Massachusetts be presented to the members of the com-
mittee of the United States House of Representatives for the
kind, courteous, and resprctful manner m which they dis-
charged the melancholy duty of their office.
Resolved, That, in order that this public mark of respect
to out Commonwealth and her illustrious son may "always
be held in remembrance, this report be placed on the jour-
nals of the two branches of the Legislature.
Resolved, That, as a memorial of our grateful sense of the
honor paid to Massachusetts by the United States House of
•Representatives, his excellency the Governor be requested
to transmit a copy of this report to the Speaker of that hon-
orable body, and also a copy to each of the members of its
committee.
The resolutions were read; and,
On motion of Mr. STEPHENS, were laid on
the table and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARALSON moved that the joint resolu-
tion to " refund money for expenses incurred, sub-
sistence and transportation furnished, and money
advanced by individual citizens of the United
States for'the use of the volunteers before or after
being mustered into the service of the United
States," reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs, be made the special order of the day for
"Wednesday next. Agreed to.
THE TEN-REGIMENT BILL.
Mr. BOYD moved that the bill of the Senate to
raise, for a limited time, an additional military
force, be taken from the table and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. STEPHENS called for the yeas and nays
on the motion, which, being ordered, resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atkinson, Beale, Beriinger, Ringham,
Birdsall, Boeock, Bowdon, Boyd, Brodliend, William G.
Brown, Albert G. Brown, Burt, Cathcart, Chase, Clapp,
Franklin Clark, Beverly L. Clark, Howell Cobb, Williamson
R. W. Cobb, (Junnoius, Daniel, Dickinson, Dunn, Fauui,
Ficklin, French, Fries, Fulton, Haralson, Harirmnson, Har-
ris, Henley, Hill, George S. Houston, Inge, Charles i. Inger-
boII, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones,
Kennon, Lnliui, La S6re, 8idn<«y Lawrence, LefHer, Levin,
Ligou, Lord, Lumpkin, Maclay, MoCiollund, McClernand,
McDowell, McKay, Mann, Meade, Miller, Morris, Murphy,
Peck, Petrir, Peylon, Phelpn, Pillalmry, Pollock, Kirhey,
Robinson, Sawyer, Simpson, Sims, Stsmton, Starkweather,
Charles E. Stnnri, Strong, Thonum, Jinne* Thompson, Jacob
Thompson, William ThompMm, Thuismn,Turner, Vemtble,
Wentworth, Wick, Wiley, WiHijuih, Wthnot, and Wood-
wind—y?.
3VA\ S—Messrs Green Adams, Hmringer, Blanehard,
Botts, Boydmi, Brady, Bnekm-r, HuHcr, Oibell, t'.uiln,
Chapman, IJJmgman, Cocke, Collamcr, Conner, Cranston,
Crowt'li, Crosier, Dickey, Diaoii, Donnell, Kckort, JOmbree,
Farrelly, fcVher, Phmrnoy, Gaiiiu>,Gay)e, Gentry, GiUding-,
Gog«in, Gott, Gregory, Grinneil, Nathan K. Hall, James G.
Hampton, Moses Hampton, Haskell, Henry, Milliard, John
W. Houston, Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt, Joseph It. Ingeisoll,
Xrvin, John W. 3<mes, Kellogg, Thomas Butler King, Wil-
* 1mm T. Lawrence, Lincoln, Mcllvuvne, Marsh, Marvin,
Moiehead, Mnllin, Nelson, Ncs, Outlaw, Paiftey, Pendleton,
PiPftton, Putnam, Reynolds, Julian Rockwell, John A. Rock-
well. Root, iimtiMey, St. John, Shepperd, Silvester, Slim;.
, ' i r. . i >i i. 'n,.......... w". v..*U fllniihiiiii! il nilrnii
erlaiul, r
Stewart
Thomps
and White—-87.
Two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
motion was not agreed to. ...
Mr. VINTON said there were several special
* orders for this week, and, as it was important to
make some progress with the appropriation bills,
he suggested that some arrangement should be
made for the. promotion of that object.
- ' Mr. COBB, of Georgia, rose to inquire if there
was not a motion pending from last Monday for
the suspension of the rules to enable the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. McKay] to introduce
a resolution. When the gentleman from North
Carolina made this motion on Monday last, an
adjournment was moved immediately thereafter,
and, in answer to a question which he (Mr. C,) put
to the Chair, he was informed by the Speaker that
that motion would be the first business when such
motions were next in order, (on Mondays of each
well, Root, Humn'y, St. John, Shi'ppt'ni, Silvester. r-mu;.
erlund, Caleb 1!. Hmith, Tnnnmi Smith, Stephens, Anarow
Stewart, strohm, TaHmadge, Taylor. Tlnbodeaux, John B.
Thompson, Tompkins, Tuck, Van Dyke, Vinton, VVariun,
week \
The SPEAKER answered in the affirmative,
and announced the question to be on the motion of
the gentleman from rforth Carolina, [Mr. McKay, j
to suspend the rules to enable him to introduce a
resolution to change the hour of meeting to eleven
o'clock.
Mr. McKAY called for the yeas and nays on
his motion, and they were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted as follows: Yeas 100, nays 76.
Two-thirdsnot voting in the affirmative, the rules
were not suspended.
On motion of Mr. GRINNELL,
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union be discharged from the further consideration of
the bill to provide for the ventilation of passenger vessels, and
other purposes, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Rockwell, of Massachusetts, in
the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of
the Indian appropriation bill.
The questiorf being on agreeing to the amend-
ment of Mr. McKay, viz:
" «ec. 2. And be it further enacled, That no part of the
money appropriated by this itct for the purposes of educa-
tion shall he expended Cor anv such object* elsewhere than
in the Indian country: Provi/letl, That this shall not apply
to any of the aforesaid appropriations the expetidituie of
which are, hy treaty stipulations, undT the direction of the
President of the United States, or of the respecuve Indian
tribes."
Mr. POLLOCK thought the amendment ought
not to prevail. As he had said before, treaty stip-
ulations were to be carried out by the President of
the Uniled States, and over them this House had
no control. Such was the condition of some por-
tion of these funds, and hence the additional scction
ofthegentleman fromNorth Carolina[Mr. McKay]
was nugatory. The passage of the section would
be a work of supererogation. But there was a
third class which was to be expended under the
control of Congress, and the gentleman from North
Carolina proposed to expend that amount within
the Indian territoiy. He admitted tfmt that which
was wrong should be redressed, and that, if there
were mischiefs, they should be remedied. But if
sthe Cherokee academy was to be deprived of the
sums it had heretofore received, let the facts on
which the refusal was based be shown to Congress.
If Colonel Johnson was guilty of any impropriety,
let it be made manifest and put on record. He did
not suppose that the gentleman from North Caro-
lina intended to strike at the President of the United
States by his amendment. When the money was
appropriated by Congress, it was placed beyond
their control; but if it were admitted that they had
the power to exercise a controlling influence over
it, he could sec no good reason why these expend-
itures should be limited to the Indian territory. It
could not be pretended that the Indian youth could
obtain so good an education in the Indian territory
as in the States. He was, therefore, m every view
of the case, opposed to the adoption of the amend-
ment.
Mr. MOREHEADsaid, that after carefully con-
sidering this amendment, he could not come to the
conclusion that there was the least necessity for
its adoption. The subject had been before the
Committee of Ways and Means, and was there
fully considered. The gentleman from North Car-
olina [Mr. McKay} was a member of that com-
mittee, and had had full opportunity of proposing
such an amendment there, but had not done it.
The committee had had the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs before them, who gave them full in-
formation in regard to this Indian school, which
seemed now to be struck at, and which was situ-
ated, as the gentleman well knew, in Mr. M.'s own
district.
It seemed strange, that when this school was now
just about to expire such a blow should be aimed
at it, and through it at the venerable gentleman at
its head. The gentleman, it was tiue, disclaimed
all intention of casting any imputation on Colonel
Johnson, or making the most distant insinuation
of impropriety in the management of the institu-
tion by him or of its fund. But Mr. M. would
ask how it could be understood in any other light,
to aim a blow like this just .at the moment the
school was about to cease, saying that hereafter no
money should be spent for Indian education save
within the Indian territory? Was not this an im-
plied censure on all that had been done in its man-
agement? Where was the necessity for any such
amendment? The gentleman, it seemed, had heard
that money had been appropriated from this fund
to continue this school. He had taken up rumors,
i mere street rumors, of some such intention. What
authority was there for any such rumor? Mr. M.
was utterly ignorant of any. On the coBti-ary,
there was a bill reported giving Colonel Johnson-
compensation for the expense of putting up build-
ings, under the expectation, on his part, that the
school was to continue. It was well knowjn that
..all the Indian youths who had been educated there _
were to be withdrawn save some nine or ten. Was
it likely Colonel Johnson could desire to keep up
the school for the sake of such a number? The
removal was provided by treaty. Would this
amend ment make that treaty stipulation any strong-
er? Why, when this school had continued so long,
when its advantages had been experienced by the
Indian tribes for so many years, was this hour se-
lected, just when it was coming to its close, to cast
such areflection on its whole past administration?
It wa3 now twenty-five years since Col. Johnson
had been asked to take charge of the school, and
it had been continued ever since by the authority
of Congress, not by him. Many had been edu-
cated there, and well educated; and though it was
probable they might have been taught more cheaply
within the Indian territory, he considered the mo-
ney as having been well expended. Education did
I not consist merely in learning to read and write,
j Bytheassociationsof a civilized conntry ideas were
i insensibly but constantly imbibed which could never
i have been acquired in the wilderness or among
| surrounding Indians only; and the thoughts and
l principles thus imbued were' afterwards carried
[ among the tribes, and disseminated widely for their
j benefit. Mr. M., however, was willing to abide
j by the treaty, and to let the Indian youth hereaf-
' ter be educated in their own country. But why
' adopt an amendment like this, which, at the ut-
! most, could operate only on some nine or ten Indian
; children?
Mr. SAWYER would tell the gentleman from
Kentucky some of the reasons which induced him
to oppose this school. He went upon the principle
that it was always better that Indian youth should
be educated in their own country than to bring
them into the society of the whites. Everybody
knew the sort of.means which were used to induce
these Indians to come to our schools. The catch-
ing of these young Indians and bringing them in
cost more than it would take to educate them at
their own homes. It was the influence this plan
exerted on the Indians that Mr. S. deprecated. It
was not to what Colonel Johnson had control of
that Mr. S. objected; it was to the manner of
catching these young creatures and bringing them
to the school. If gentlemen would look at the two
hundred and thirty-one items of expenditure under
this head, they would sec that the catching and
transporting of these youth cost more than their
education itself would do if conducted within the
Indian territory, or 111 some of our other colleges.
He did not himself believe that Colonel Johnson
lmd touched the fust led cent out of the fund.
The money was not taken or used improperly by
him, but by other men, who occupied themselves
in catching young Indians for the school, that they
might make a gain of it; and so long as this school
was suffered to continue, this would be done. It
cost fifty-five dollars a head to bring these children
to school. No doubt Colonel Johnson had some
design in wishing the school to continue—the de-
sign might be very laudable—he did not say any-
thing to the contrary; but he was opposed to
keeping it up, and hoped the amendment would be
adopted.
Mr. BARRINGER said that he had at first been
opposed to tins amendment, because it prevented
I the President from selecting the Indian youths
j who were to be educated; but the proviso which
had been added obviated that objection, and, thus
' modified, he now thought that the amendment
i ought to be adopted. He could not, for one, con-
! ceive how it could be understood as implying the
slightest possible imputation on Colonel Johnson.
Gentlemen seemed to consider it as virtually re-
flecting on his management of the school, or the
fund appropriated for it. The amendment was
merely the recognition of the general principle that
it was better that money set apart for Indian edu-
cation should be expended within the Indian ter-
ritory. It declared that its operation was not
intended to touch '* any of the aforesaid appropn-
' ationS, the expenditure of which are, by treaty
' stipulations, under the direction of the President
' of the United States or of the respective Indian
' tribes."
