538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March-27,
As to this Choctaw school, thirty-four out of the
fifty-six scholars it contained were Pottawatomie
„ boys admitted in conformity with the provisions
of the treaty. The treaty declared, that when the
chiefs and the members of the tribe were met in
council, and publicly expressed a wish to with-
draw their children from the school, they should
have the privilege of doing so. How did this re-
flect on Colonel Johnson? For himself, Mr. B.
could see nothing in it to affect his honor or reflect
upon his character in the slightest degree in the
management of'the school. The report of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs stated that this
provision of this treaty was likely to be carried
into effect, and the school in consequence to be
dissolved. The amendment went to sanction the
doctrine of the report. [Here Mr. B. quoted the
report.] This document recommended that the
fund heretofore provided for this Choctaw school
should hereafter be applied to manual labor schools
within the Indian country. He hoped the amend-
ment would be adopted, not for the mere sake of
making a change, but because it conformed to the
suggestion of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, I
and because it established a principle right in itself. I
Mr. FRENCH here offered the following pro- i
viso, to be added to the amendment of Mr. Mc-
Kay:
" Jhid provided, also, That nothing in this act shall in any-
wise impair or aflect any exi-tini; arrangement or contract
rmde of entered into by the United States with any of the
superintendents of any of the Indian schools."
Mr. P. said there was nothing in this to affect
the arrangements made by the United States re-
specting any superintendents of Indian schools.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, confessed that
he knew but little of the details of this subject;
but, as he heard gentlemen talking about certain
efforts to " catch "'Indian boys and bring them into
the white settlements to attend this school, he
thought there ought at least to be further informa-
tion had before the House acted finally in the case.
If it was true, that before you could get Indian
youth into this school, you must first catch them
like so many wild colts on a prairie, why, he
thought that there might perhaps be some advan-
tage in adopting the amendment. As this might
be"a very useful exercise, he presumed they must
be caught in this manner every morning. This
would be improving..
But to speak seriously. He had no doubt that
this Choctaw school had failed, to some extent, in
effecting the good that had been designed by it,
and expected from it, as it was found that the
young savages educated there carried back to their
native tribes only the vices of the whites, without
the trivial advantages which they might have at-
tained there. But under the existing circumstances,
as the department contemplated putting an end to
the school, he thought there could be no very press
Mr. TOMPKINS had no purpose to detain the
House, but he should feel himself criminal, if,
knowing what he thought he knew, he should sit
silent without giving the House the benefit of facts
to which he was conusant. There seemed to be
a general impression among members of the House
against having any Indian school without the bounds
of the Indian territory,on the ground that no school
so situated could effect any beneficial results in
the education of Indian youth. There could not
be a greater mistake. The reverse was susceptible
of being demonstrated. Mr. T. would offer his own
experience and observation, with a vie& to show
that the most important benefits might be and had
been derived from education so received by them.
It had been said*that the Indian children had to
"he run down and caught like so many wild beasts,
and carried to the school in chains, in order to be-
come students in our seminaries.* There was no
truth in such a statement. On the contrary, they
were willing inmates of our schools, and, while
there, made as rapid improvement in every branch
of study as any children of the whites could do.
Among all the colleges at which Indian youth had
been trained, there was none possessed of greater
advantages than this Choctaw school, under the
care of Colonel Johnson. The Choctaw hunting-
grounds were in Mr. T.'s immediate neighborhood,
and their old towns were situated within his Con-
gressional district. He had had an intimate ac-
quaintance with many of their chiefs, and he knew
something of them since their emigration beyond
the Mississippi; and he knew that they were not
theda^rk, uninformed, ferocioussavages which some
gentlemen seemed to suppose. They had made
great social improvements. They enjoyed a writ-
ten constitution, a republican form of government,
in which the departments of legislative, executive,
and judicial power were distinctly defined and kept
wholly separated. They had also the trial by jury.
Among them were to be found distinguished states-
men, lawyers, and divines, who would compare
well with any among ourselves. All these had*
been educated in colleges of the United Stales, and
not in schools within the Indian territory. He
would name some of them. He instarced Pitche-
lin, Folsome,and McKinneyfwho were half-breeds,
and another called Little Prentiss, who was a pure
Indian. This latter was a lawyer of commanding
eloquence, and well acquainted with the common
law, the science of evidence, and whatever else
formed an accomplished member of the bar.
He then went on to name native divines, on
whose eloquence he pronounced a very glowing
eulogium.
Now, could we expect cases like this, if we
were to tie them down within the boundaries of
I their own territories, where gentlemen said there
S was nothing but dark barbarity and ferocity?
I These things had been accomplished by cutting off
ing necessity for the amendment, and he should l| these Indian children from their tribes—from their
vote against it. j barbarous habits—by stimulating them to the in-
Mr. CLARK said he had examined this amend-
ment, and was ready to admit that there should be
caution observed jn acting on such a subject. It
t vestigation of grander themes, and to higher aspi-
rations. He referred to the advance in knowledge
and science, in industrial pursuits, in social com-
seemed to be assumed by some gentlemen, that it I: forts, &c., already made by the Indians of the
contained an insinuation against the venerable
Colonel Johnson, and Mr. C.'s colleague had de-
fended him with becoming zeal. Now, Mr. C.
understood the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. McKay] to have declared explicitly that he
did not mean to reflect directly or indirectly, either
West; their lai^e and exuberant com fields, their
1 stately mansions, their churches in which they
| worshipped God according to the true principles
I of Christianity; their common-school system, in
; which not only the rudiments and the higher
i branches of the English language are taught, but
on Colonel Johnson himself, or any members of \\ the Cherokee and Choctaw languages, now re-
the department. He disclaimed all such purpose, ' J  --j i ......  •  
and denied thai such an inference could be justly
drawn from his amendment; on the contrary, that
it implied no word of censure on any human be-
ing in existence.
There were members here present who had acted
from their boyhood with Colonel Johnson, and
who never would let him be assailed without com-
ing promptly to the rescue, and they concurred with
Mr. C. in understanding no imputation whatever
to be cast upon him by the amendment proposed.
Whenever the coui.se of that distinguished man
! duced to a written and printed system, in which
I languages the traditions of their ancestors were
conveyed to them in something like the glowing
and poetic spirit which breathes throughout the
lines of Homer and Yirgil. He had visited indi-
viduals of the Cherokee and Choctaw nations: had
found them owners of large herds, cultivators of
extensive fields, living in habitations of as much
elegance, grandeur, and architectural taste as ours.
He had trod their carpeted floors, and heard their
daughters in inspiring song, accompanied by the
deep, melodious tones of the piano, utter the glo
jn relation to this school fund, or any other part of ;j rious deeds of their ancestors; he had seen as much
his ionduct, should become the subject of remark ' \ of civilized elegance among them as was to be met
in that Mouse, there would be plenty found to de- J anywhere; their libraries of hundreds, and, in one
fend him. Mr. C. should be the last man to stand jj cose, of thousands of volumes. Their attachment
by and hear his good name assailed. He had jj to the graves of their ancestors was such as to lead
known him long, and had served under him, and jj them to refuse to go west of the Mississippi, and
often defended him when slandered. He should jj yet the larger proportion of the'm had not, under
be the very last either to make or to suffer any im- jj the'provisions of the constitution of Mississippi,
putation on his character. u applied for citizenship theie. A few of them had,
however, and one of these had been a highly re-
spectable member of the Segate of Mississippi for
several years; who had a brother residing within
forty or fifty miles of the capital of the State; a
gentleman of highly-cultivated mind, of generous
feelings, of wealth, whose children were being ed-
ucated upon a scale equal to that of the wealthiest
and proudest sons and daughters of our own peo^
ple« . .
The foundation of the great share of this im-
provement he ascribed to the Choctaw academy in
Kentucky. Every one of the highly educated and „
respectable Indians whom he knew had been edu-
cated at this academy of Colonel Johnson; and
they had returned to carry back civilization, sci-
ence, and religion to their tribes. Until they them-
selves complained of this system of education,
which had infused so much respectability into their
tribes, he was opposed to adopting a provision to
terminate it.
Mr. MOREHEAD reviewed this discussion, to
show how an imputation of censure would fall
uoon the management of the Choctaw academy,
if the amendment should pass; and proceeded to
inquire if any great harm could arise from the con-
tinuance of these few Choctaw boys at their acad-
emy for a few months after the pupils of the other
tribes mieht be withdrawn.
Mr. BOYD (Mr. M. yielding) said, by the terms
of the treaty with the Pottawatomies, it was pro-
vided that their schools should all be transferred to
the Indian territory on the first of July; but there
was also a provision of the treaty making it dis-
cretionary with the Indians to withdraw their pu-
pils or not. This amendment could not affect the
Pottawatomies, because the proviso made an ex-
ception in such cases.
Mr. BA.RRINGER read the treaty.
Mr. MOREHEAD resumed, reiterating that all
except the Choctaw pupils were to be removed as
above; and, ofcourse, Colonel Johnson could not
desire the continuance of the institution with only
the few pupils remaining from the Choctaws.
After some conversation between Mr. McKAY
and Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas,
Mr. MOREHEAD added, that although Colonel
Johnson and himself had been ever on opposite
sides of political questions, still he would not re-
fuse the justification he so well deserved with
reference fo this school.
Mr. CLARK, of Kentucky, again stated that he
could see, in the amendment, no imputation against
Colonel Johnson; and no injury could result to
him, especially if the proposition offered by his
colleague [Mr.* French] should be adopted. If
he could perceive, in the proposition, the slightest
imputation against the character of that gentleman,
he would be the last man to support it.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, understood
the gentleman from North Carolina to be against
the policy of supporting Indian schools outside of
the Indian territory. But to show the reason of
his opposition to the amendment, he recited the his-
tory of this academy, which was established by
the War Department in 1825, under the superin-
tendence of Colonel Johnson. The Colonel was
merely the steward of the public funds, and no
profit whatever had accrued to him by, means of
this agency. He showed that, latterly, this school
had been supported principally by the Pottawat-
omies; and though they now proposed to with-
draw their pupils, they still held a discretion on
the part of the council of their tribe to do so or
not. There was a hill in the other end of the Cap-
itol to remunerate Colonel Johnson for the build-
ings which he has erected for this school. This
showed that the Colonel desired to get rid of the
institution, in accordance with the determination
to wind up the institution, as communicated to the
Committee of Ways and Means by the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs.
Mr. McKAY had always (he said) been in fa-
vor of educating the Indian tribes m their own
country; but he would not now detain the com-
mittee by enlarging on the advantages of pursuing
such a course. He was glad to see this policy at
last adopted by the Government. But if the poli-
cy was adopted, gentlemen said where was the
necessity of this amendment? To this Mr. McK.
would reply, Let us show by our distinctive act
that we approve of this policy of the Executive,
which has been so lonsc pressed upon him by the
Indians themselves. When this question was up
m committee a few days ago, he took occasion to
