540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
- Also, in relation to relinquishing the 36th sec-
tion, and to be allowed to select other lands; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofMaryland, presented a joint
resolution in favor of appropriating public land to
make a railroad from Lake Michigan to the Pacific;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands*
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. DIX presented a petition from Captain Reed
and owners of the privateer General Armstrong,
asking for indemnity from the Portuguese Govern-
ment for the destruction of that vessel by the Brit-
ish at Fayal during the late war with Great Britain;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Also, from Benjamin S. Henning, in relation to
a railroad communication connecting the waters of
the Mississippi with the Pacific; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, from Francis Hutinack, asking for a pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. YULEE presented additional papers in the
case of Jonathan Tyner; which were referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. ALLEN" presented a petition from John A.
Bryan, asking compensation for negotiating a trea-
ty with the Wyandot Indians in Ohio; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. DOWNS presented a petition from citizens
of Louisiana, asking the establishment of a judicial
district north of Red river; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BAGBY, on leave, reported a bill to cede to
the State ofAlabama the lands unsold in that State
belonging to the United States, and remaining un-
sold after the first day of May, 1848, and for other
purposes; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. BAGBY said, that in bringing forward
this bilL he had two objects in view: The first
was, to terminate the unpleasant and embarrassing
relation of landlord and tenant, between the Stateof
Alabama and the Governmentof the United States.
The first section of the bill proposes to cede to the
State of Alabama all the public lands lying in that
State, and remaining unsold, on the first day of
May next, exempting from the operation of the
bill, preemption rights, the right to reservations
under the Indian treaties, and grants under treaties
with foreign nations. The records of the treasury
show that the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands in Alabama exceed by several millions of
dollars the amount paid for* the territory lying
within the limits of that State to foreign nations,
for the extinguishment of the Indian title, and all
the ex penses o f surveying and selling the land.
•The second section cedes to the States all the
land lying within their respective limits, so soon as
it is ascertained, from the returns in the Treasury
Department, that the proceeds of the sales of the
lands in such States have reimbursed the General
Government for all the expenses, as indicated in
the first section of the bill. Thus the Senate will
perceive, that the ground upon which this system
for the extinction of the title of the United States,
in the public land lying in the different States of
the Union, is, that the Government shall have
been reimbursed the purchase money and all the
expenses incident to the public lands in those
States.
This, in itself, is, in my judgment, a considera-
tion of very great weight, entirely sufficient not
only to authorize, but to demand the passage of
this bill. In addition to this high and weighty con-
sideration of a general nature, there i3 another, but
little inferior in importance; and that is, the con-
stant practice of making appropriations of the pub-
lic land to purposes of internal improvement, in
violation of the constitutional power of Congress,
and in direct conflict with the rights of the States,
and, as I believe, the true interest of the people. I
do not propose to go at length into these views
now. I ask that the bill maybe twice read, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
upon the coming in of their report, I shall, with the
permission of the Senate, perhaps give my views
•more at length.
The bill was read the first and second times, by
unanimous consent, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee on Fi-
nance,-reported, without amendment, a bill to es-
tablish a branch of the Mint of the United States
in the city of New York.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, reported a bill to
be entitled An act for the relief of James G. Carson;
which was read a first time.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, reported House bill for the relief of Calvin
Emmons, with amendments, accompanied by an
elaborate report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, made an adverse report on the memorial
of Joshua Shaw.
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi,
Resolved, That Mr. Palmer be authorized to make such
alteration and addition to his memoir on the production, re-
sources, and capabilities for commerce of Sifieria, Manchoo-
ria, &c., presented in the Senate on the 8th instant> as he
may consider requisite, in order to render the same more
full and comprehensive; and also to append a condensed
lithographed outline of the coast of Northern Asia and the
adjacent-islands, the incidental charges attending the same
to be defrayed by the Secretary of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. YULEE,
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs inquire
whether the present naval establishment meets all the re-
quirements for coast defence; whether any description of
vessels better adapted to that purpose can be added to the
naval armament with advantage to the public interest; and
whether any and what portion of the vessels now belonging
to the navy can be dispensed with.
On motion of Mr. YULEE,
liesolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to prepare and report to the Senate a statement, in con-
tinuation of Senate document No. 7, second session twenty-
third Congress, showing the amount of hospital money which
has been received at each of the custom-houses of th^United
States in each .year from 1833 to the 30th June, 1847, inclu-
sive, and the amounts which have been expended in each
year in each district for the same period.
LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, submitted the
following:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making provision for the
purchase and distribution of copies of laws of the present
and future sessions of Congress, as thev shall be published
by Little & Brown, of Boston, m the manner of their edition
of the statutes of the United States, and accoidinc to the
sample which they have furnished of the laws of the last
session, and laid upon the table of the Senate.
In offering this resolution,
Mr. DAVIS took occasion to make some re-
marks in reference to the value of the edition of
the laws of the United States which had been ex-
ecuted by these publishers; and that as the work
alluded to in the resolution, and of which he had a
copy before him, was gdt up in the same style, it
would be, he thought, much more acceptable than
the uncouth edition which had been usually pub-
lished, while the expense was not much greater
than that of the latter.
Mr. WESTCOTT directed the attention of the
Senator from Massachusetts to the fact that in the
publication of the laws of the United States, by
Little and Brown, a very important defect existed
which he hoped the publishers would remedy.
There was no reference in the index to upwards of
thirty private laws. It was quite a serious defect,
and had led one of the committees to report a bill
providing for a case which had already been made
the subject of legal enactment.
Mr. DAYIS did not know anything of such a
defect, but no doubt the fact was correctly stated
by the Senator. The publishers would, he was
quite confident, remedy any such defect.
The resolution having been considered by unani-
mous consent, was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, the
Senate postponed the previous orders for the pur-
pose of taking up the bill to grant to the State of
Louisiana certain public lands for internal im-
provement.
Mr. JOHNSON remarked, that as he would, be
compelled to leave the city to-morrow, in conse-
quence ,pf a domestic calamity, he trusted that the
Senate would oblige him by allowing the bill to be
acted upon at once.
Mr. BAGBY was sorry that he could not yield
to the request of the honorable Senator. The bill
contained, as he apprehended, a principle to which
he entertained decided hostility. He could not
consent that the bill should be allowed to pass
without expressing his opposition to if, much less
could he suffer it to pass without the usual foi rns
of legislation. It was an attempt to do indirectly
that which he had contended throughout his whole
public life could not be done directly. Entertain-
ing such views, it would be perceived that he
could not consent to the request of the Senator
from Louisiana.
Mr. DIX inquired whether the bill had been
taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER replied that the
bill was before the Senate and was open to amend-
ment.
Mr. DIX then remarked that he had not heard
the question put on taking up the bill.
Mr. DICKINSON said that it might be all
right, but he thought the procedure somewhat
singular.
Mr. ASHLEY observed that the bill had been
submitted to the Committee on Public Lands at
the session before last, and had been amended.
The evidence before the committee was quite con-
clusive that the land was of little or no value, and
that great public interests would be subserved by
making the grant. The committee unanimously
concurred in reporting the bill; and he believed
that there was no substantial reason against its
passage.
Mr.BAGBY said, that to his mind the objec-
tions were, at all events, fundamental and conclu-
sive. The honorable Senator from Louisiana put
the bill on the ground that the land was in the first
instance to be appropriated tc the State, and after-
wards to the railroad company, for the purpose of
constructing their road. Where, then, was the
difference in interposing the State as the conduit
through which the grant was to be given, and
making it directly? it was remarked by the Sen-
ator from Arkansas that the land was of little or
no value. How had it happened, then, that it was
sought by the State, and afterwards by the railroad
company? How could it contribute to the con-
struction of the road? He denied that any benefit
had ever resulted to the treasury from these grants
of land, and asked those who thought otherwise
to point to any statistics which presented to the
contrary.
Mr. DOWNS said, he believed it had been cus-
tomary to make such grants of land in other States;
and if his recollection was correct, a series of reso-
lutions had been offered, which would come up
hereafter for discussion, and it would then be a
more favorable time to discuss the subject than at
present. He hoped, then, that as this was a mat-
ter in which so many interests were involved, there
would be no further opposition to the passage of
the bill. There was, as gentlemen had said, a plan
for a railroad from New Orleans to the Gulf, to
facilitate the communication with the sea, and the
company had obtained the privilege of running
their road through the property of private indi-
viduals, but they had no authority for passing
through the domain belonging to the United States.
It was a matter of small value to this Government,
but of much importance to that part of the country;
and he hoped, therefore, that all objection would
be withdrawn.
Mr. ASHLEY remarked, that when he had
characterized the public lands there as being of no
value, he meant by it that they were of no value
unimproved. According to the evidence before
the committee, it appeared that the lands were sit-
uated in a swamp, and that there was no settle-
ment in the neighborhood; that the location was
desirable as the termination of this railroad, and
that this improvement might make them valuable.
When this bill was originally introduced, it pro-
posed to make the grant to the railroad company.
The committee, however, were not disposed to
make the grant to the company, but they were
disposed to make the grant to the State, as a por-
tion of the land the State was rightfully entitled to,
and inasmuch as other States had received similar
grants. All sovereignties were equal, and he could
not conceive how it could be just and proper for
Ohio and Indiana to receive four or five times as
much as other States of the Union out of the pub-
lic domain. It seemed to him, that if the Govern-
ment adopted the principle of making grants of
lands to State?, these grants should be equal. It
was not proposed that the Government should
construct works of internal improvement: it was
merely proposed to make a grant to the State to
aid her in making works for internal improvement,
as other States had received similar grants. This
