1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
541
•was the view which had influenced the coramit-
Mr. ATHERTON moved that the bill be laid
on the table for the present, in order to proceed to
the consideration of the special order of the day.
The question was taken, and, on division, was
decided in the affirmative: Ayes 19, noes 12.
Mr. BAGBY moved to reconsider the vote of
the Senate, on Friday last, on the passage of a bill
t granting a pension to Patrick Walker; and the
consideration of the motion was postponed until
to-morrow.
* THE LOAN BILL.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the Senate
proceeded to tfie consideration of the bill authoriz-
ing a loan of sixteen millions of dollars.
Mr. N1LES rose, and said he had no wish to
delay the passage of the bill; but as there would
probably be no other which would afford so good
an opportunity, he desired to say a few words at
this time. He regarded it the duty of thi.s Senate,
if it could not originate revenue bills, to examine
into the condition of our finances, in order to see
in what state we are likely to be after one or two
more fiscal years. He desired to ask the Senator
■who represented the Treasury on that floor, as he
intended to vote for this bill, if any other measures
were to be proposed during the session?
Mr. ATHERTON replied, that he was not
aware of any other.
Mr. NILES said, that this bill, then, must be
considered the measure of the session. In that
view, he thought it would fall short of the wants
of the treasury. He referred to the statements
which had been made on former occasions, Lo in-
duce Congress to ac^ on and pass bills for the re-
lief of the treasury, and averred, that as they were
not borne out by the facts, and were therefore
, little calculated to inspire confidence in treasury
statements, he would vote for this bill because he
presumed it was necessary for the Government.
The only question, then, was as to the form in
which the relief should be granted. He was aware
that in some quarters treasury notes altogether, or
a certain mixture of them, was considered the best
mode. But he had come to the conclusion that a
directloanwas,afterall,thebest. A loan,paid in in
specie, was, after all, perhaps the best form which,
under the circumstances, could be devised. In
former instances, loans had been advanced, which
were paid in paper; and during the war with Great
Britain, great depreciation hall taken place, to the
amount of fifty per cent, or more. By the change
of system which had taken place since the passage
of the sub-treasury law, loans could be effected
without disturbing the currency of the country.
He felt proud of the part which he lutd contributed
towards the passage of that law. Had the money
received by the Government since that period,
passed into banks, the loss to the public would
. have been very great, .perhaps fifty per cent., the
currency would have been unsettled, and a ficti-
tious value given to all kinds of produce. It would
have been two years after the termination of the
war before the commerce of the country could
recover a healthy tone. All this could now be
avoided, owing to the operation of the independent
treasury, which separated the Government from
the banks; which he knew was an odious measure
to his friends on the other side of the Chamber,
who would probably, if they came into power,
overthrow it. He warned them, however, not to
put down a system which had been found to work
so well.
He regarded our finances as now in a sound
condition. We had made no provision for the
extraordinary expenses of the war. The revenue
has not been regulated with that view* It had
been asserted that the tariff of 184U would be more
productive than the tariff of 1842. He was not of
that opinion. The extraordinary expenses of the
war hud been provided for by loans.
He referred to the time whfn the surplus reve-
nue had caused us some perplexity. Tiie Senator
from Missouri had contended that we had no sur-
plus, and, in fact, it turned out that he was correct;
for the surplus was nothing more than an anticipa-
fe tion of the revenue. Between 1833 and 1842, our
customs presented a deficiency of fifty millions; yet
we were called on to distribute the surplus revenue.
' There was a deficiency in our means derivable from
the customs, which was supplied by the extraordi-
nary speculative sales of public lands, amounting
in three years to above forty-five millions, and other
sources.
. In the year 1849 our revenue exceeded our ex-
penditures; and at the commencement of the war
we had a surplus in the treasury. He remarked
on the instability of our legislation, which had al-
ways kept our revenue in a fluctuating state. He
imagined the case of an individual in a high state
of health, who was alarmed into the idea that he
was in danger of apoplexy, and who placed him-
self un(ler the charge of a physician, who first tried
the stimulating process, administering bark, wine,
&c.; still the patient, robust as he appeared, was
considered as in imminent danger, and the physi-
cian changed his practice, and resorted to purging
and all the various modes of blood-letting. Then
came on a new set of physicians, who returned to
the stimulating process; and then another, who in-
troduced the hommopathic system. That system,
he thought, would not be successful in relation to
our financial matters. He did not fall in with a
pievalent error, that the lower you reduce duties
the greater revenue would you derive from them.
In order to come to a right conclusion as to our
condition, we must take the receipts and expendi-
tures of the year, and see how far the latter exceed
the former: He then read from some statistical
statements which he held in his hand, to show the
receipts and expenditures for several fiscal years
past. The treasury reports give no correct iuea of
the results. They give the disbursements of the
year, and these were very different from the ex-
penditures. He reviewed the estimates of the
present year, which he regarded as not entiiely to
be relied on. The estimates of revenue he consid-
ered too high. Of the expenditures he could not
speak.
Looking to the future, he added thirty millions
to tlyj sixty-eiglit millions of present debt, making
a total of ninety-eight millions at the end of the
presentfiscal year. Should the war terminate now,
it will be all very well; but if not, our condition at
the end of the next fiscal year will be more per-
plexing. He viewed it as certain that the revenue
from the tariff would fall off, and that our condition
would', at the end of the next year, be less favor-
able than it is at present. The balance of trade
against us at the end of the present year would be
from twenty-five to thirty millions; and this must
be paid out of the exports of the next year. And
we must expect a greater falling off next year. He
referred t<i a statement sent to him by a commer-
cial friend in New York, relative to the change
which fiad taken place in our exports of grain (corn
and flour) since last ytfar, showing a prodigious
decline in this trade during the last six months—a
difference of about twenty millions. It was clear,
therefore, that all estimates founded on the basis of
a continuation of the prosperous slate of our export
trade of last year must be entirely fallacious. Not
only had the amount of our exports been dimin-
ished, but the decline in the price of the bread-
stuffs was as much deserving of our attention.
He then referred to the decline in our cotton
trade. He asserted that the Liverpool merchants
had the control of the cotton markets of the world,
and that they used their power as their interests
demanded. By striking down our exports, they
produce a greater balahce in their own favor, and
bylcollusion with the Bank of England, they can
always do this. Our staple is thus diminished in
value and in amount, and this must have its effect
on our trade hereafter.
As a remedy, we should increase our manufac-
tures of the staple at home, and supply foreign
markets with the fabric instead of the raw mate-
nal.
At present, every interest in our country is ar-
rested; and, instead of the hopes and expectations
which some time since encouraged those who are
engaged in the different branches "of enterprise, all
are now engaged in calculating how they are to
live. It was so in the navigating interest, and it
was so in the agricultural and planting interests.
The diminution in the value of wheat, flour, corn,
&c., has destroyed the high expectations of the
j country. The aggregate loss to the agricultural
interest by the decline is already nearly two hun-
dred millions. The Secretary of the Treasury had
committed a great mistake in founding his esti-
mates on the supposition that the increased de-
mand for our products would continue.
He considered the theory of the Secretary, that
imports govern exports,as altogether unsound, and
unsupported by our experience. It does not ne-
cessarily follow that if .you increase your imports
an increase of exports will follow. -
Remarking on the decline which had taken place
in the value of cottons, anil iron, and-other im-
ports—about twenty-five per cent.—he ridiculed
the idea of the Secretary, that the evil to the rev-
enue would be cured by an increase of the imports;
and insisted that it could be only remedied by
other modes, because it must be apparent tliat im-
ports might increase beyond the demand for con-
sumption.
He desired to know how the debt was to be
paid. It could not be paid out of a deficient rev-
enue. Abel Handy, in the play, when the house
was on fire, was asked why he did not get out of
it? He replied, he was thinking about it; but be
thought it better to wait awhile, and see if it would
not go out of itself. Our treasury is not on fire, but
it is deficient; and we seem to be thinking about
it, and waiting to see if it will not pay itself. As
to loans, he would not rely on them to pay the
debt. He would prefer an income tax to this con-
stant borrowing of money. He foresaw, that un-
less some other provision should be made to pay
the debt, the time would come when it would be
found necessary to impose a much higher tariff
than we have ever yet had.
Mr. ATHERTON made some reply to the re-
marks of Mr. Niles.
Mr. NILES briefly defended his positions.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, asked the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, whether, if the
affairs of the war were wound up to-morrow, in
his opinion we should not have a debt of one hun-
dred millions?
Mr. ATHERTON said lie could not say; it de-
pended on many contingencies.
On motion of Mr. CLAYTON, the bill was
amended so as to embrace a provision for the pay-
ment of the principal and interest.
Mr. PHELPS obtained the floor, and moved
that the further consideration of the bill be post-
poned till to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. HANNEGAN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness. After some time, the doors were reopened,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, .March 28, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. COCKE rose, and moved a reconsideration
of the vote of yesterday by which the House
agreed to a resolution submitted by Mr. Gaines,
for the appointment of a select committee to in-
quire into the expediency of extending the provis-
ions of the act of Congress for the benefit of the
surviving officers and soldiers of the revolutionary
army, passed on the 7th of June, 1832, so as to
embrace those who were engaged in the wars of
the United States which occurred between the
treaty of peace with Great Britain, in 1783, and
the treaty of Greenville with the Indians, in 1795,
and to report by bill or otherwise. He was un-
derstood to say, that he moved the reconsideration
because the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
had the subject now under consideration, and thus
to take it from them would be discourteous.
Mr. GAINES opposed the motion to reconsider.
He was not aware that the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions had the subject under considera-
tion when he made his motion, but he saw no
reason why a select committee should not consider
and report on the subject.
Some explanations were made by Mr. STUART,
of Michigan, and Mr. COCKE.
Mr. PALFREY then rose and said he was not
sufficiently acquainted with the merits involved in
the pending motion of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, but he rose to protest against the position
assumed by that gentleman, that a motion to refer
a matter to a select committee was discourteous to
any standing committee. It might be th&tastandinsc
committee, for reasons satisfactory to itself, would
not. report On some subject of great importance,
or even act upon it. It was, therefore, no discour-
tesy to such committee to move the reference of
the subject to a committee that would act upon it.
He understood it to be a principle of parliamentary
law that subjects should be referred to committees
that were favorable to them; and he desired to try
