542'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
gentlemen by their own standard, to which he
understood the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Stuart] to assent.
Mr. DUER moved the previous question; and,
there being a second, the resolution was reconsid-
ered, and laid on the table.
' Mr. POLLOCK presented the memorial of Asa
Whitney, praying that a tract of public land, of
sixty miles in width, along the line of his contem-
plated. railroad from Lake Michigan to the Pacific
Ocean, may be set apart.to aid in the construction
of said road. Referred to a select committee.
OREGON BILL.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for the special or-
der, being; the bill to establish the Territorial Gov-
ernment of Oregon.
Mr. C. B. SMITH, oflndiana, said he was in-
structed by the Committee on Territories to ask
the House to postpone the special order for one
week. The reason for which they made the re-
quest was, that the documents in this case had not
yet been printed, and they desired a postponement
until the printed copies of the report could be ob-
tained. He moved a postponement accordingly.
^ Mr. WENTWORTH objectedjand, on his mo-
tion, the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. King,
of Georgia, in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of the special order, being the bill to
establish aTerntorial Government in Oregon.
Mr. HUNT moved to amend the bill by adding
thereto- the several additional sections repoited by
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WICK moved to amend the first section by
inserting after the words west of the summit of
the Rocky Mountains," the words " north of the
forty-second degree of north latitude."
Mr. GAYLE then moved to amend the bill by
striking out the first section.
Having made this motion, Mr. G. left his seat,
and ascended the tribune, and having there made
some preliminary remarks touching the reason
which induced him to take this new position, viz:
the comparative ease of being heard in ali parts of
the House, he said he had to propose to the com-
mittee a compromise: the written speech he held
in his hand would occupy about forty minutes in
the delivery, and if the members of the House were
content to give him their quiet attention for that
length of time, he would confine himself to his
manuscript; but, if not^ he must lay aside his writ-
ten speech and address them without it, m which
case he should claim to occupy his full hour.
[Laughter, and cries of "Agreed, agreed."]
Mr, GAYLE. Then it is a bargain; but as soon
as you become restless, I shall consider that as a
breach of the agreement, and lay down my manu-
script.
Mr. G. then proceeded. The position I shall
assume and attempt to maintain is, that Congress
has no power to organize what is called a territo-
rial government, by ordinance or otherwise; nor
has Congress the power to pass laws for the peo-
ple of the territories of the United States.
I have to encounter at the threshold an objection
of no intrinsic weight, but not the less formidable
on that account.
It has been the practice of the Government, from
an early period, to pass these laws. Indeed, all
the territories .which have been admitted into the
Union as States have been governed, either remotely
or directly, by the laws of the United States. It
will be urged that this practice, that these prece-
dents, are of too long standing, too frequent, and
too well established, to be now questioned.
Precedents arc of great authority m the English
Parliament. They are considered as forming the
settled law of that body; but in this country they
can of themselves exert no influence when they
come in conflict with the Constitution, nor can
they in any degree assist in leading the mind to a
conect interpretation of that instrument. A prece-
dent contains no reasoning or argument. It is
only a conclusion settled upon by those who desire
to establish it. x
This precedential doctrine is the most pernicious
and dangerous that has ever been introduced into
the deliberations of Congress, and if the reverence
which is manifested for it be not diminished, it
will change the form of our Government. Look, i
sir, for a moment, at the interpolations it has al- j
ready introduced into the Constitution. It has j
given to the President the power to capriciously i.
dismiss from office any citizen, however capable,
honest, and trustworthy. It has given to that
functionary the power to control the public money
in defiance of public law. It has givefi to him the
right to mingle in the debates of Congress, and,
by way of preeminence, his speeches are placed
on the Journal and printed at the public expense.
It has given him the power-to reproach Congress
for any resolution they may adopt to check and
restrain him in his usurpations of power. It has
given Congress the power to expunge, erase, and
destroy the Journals of its own proceedings. And
now, sir, at this session, it is sought to establish a
precedent that will confer on the President the
power to make war, and to select the theatre for
the operations of our armies contrary to the will
and directions of Congress. Now, sir, these in-
novations are practically parts of the Constitution,
and unless the right to question them be recog-
nized, they will forever remain so.
It is a curious and remarkable fact, that most of
these usurpations—for they are indefensible usur-
pations—are advocated by that great party in our
country who claim to be the exclusive champions of
the Constitution, and, par excellence, the exclusive
advocates of a strict construction of that instru-
ment. When they are assailed as flagrant viola-
tions of the Constitution, they are defended as
precedents, as usages of the Government, too well
established to be questioned. But this respect,
this pious veneration for precedents, evaporates
at once when they interfere with the views and
wishes of the party. The Bank of the United
States and the system for the protection of Ameri-
can industry are coeval with the Government.
They have at different periods been advocated by
all parties, and by the most eminent statesmen in i
America: The friends of these establishments do ;
not seek to sustain them by appealing to the ^joc- j
trine of usage and precedents, but by demonstrating ;
that they are cicarly authorized by the Constitution ;
and demanded by the best interests of the country. ]
But, ancient and well-established as they are, i
claimingas they doall the consideration and weight, 1
if any, which can be given to them by the uniform ,
practice of the Government, yet they have been 1
condemned and destroyed by that party (for a time !
only, I hope) as being unauthorized by the Con- I
stitution. j
To understand the extent of the authority to '
legislate over the people of the Territories, claimed ;!
by Congress, we need only to refer to the various '
acts which have been passed on this subject^ com- ,j
mencing with the ordinance of the Congress of the '
Confederation in 1787 for the government of the ter-
ritoiy of the United States northwest of the Ohio
river. This act, together with all others passedsince
that period to institute territorial governments, are
based on the ground that Congress has full, abso-
lute, and exclusive jurisdiction over the Territories
of the United States, and that their power to legis-
late for the people thereof can be exercised with-
out limitation. These acts go further, and assert i
the principle, that they have the still more extraor- j
dinary power to delegate this auihonty to govern |
j and legislate to individuals or bodies of individ- [
j uals. !
I The powers claimed for Congress on this sub- [
; ject are clearly expressed in a speech delivered
some time since in the Senate, and which has been
published in pamphlet form. The speech is one
of ability, evincing reflection, deep thought, and
great ingenuity. It asserts that ''Congress may
'govern the Territories, and may employ such
' subordinate officers or agencies to administer its
j 1 mandates as may seem to it best. It may invest
' ' the whole functions of the government within the
' Territories in one man or several—in a governor,
* or governor and judges, or a governor, judges,
' and legislative assemblies. It may establish a
' military rule, or may adopt an agency, modelled
' into the fashion of a civil government." ij
Any one who will take the trouble to look ^
through the acts of Congress before referred to, j
will perceive that ali the forms of government and j
the agencies mentioned in the above extract have t
been occasionally established in the Territories. li
It must be admitted, that- if Congress have any |j
power whatever to give laws to the people of a 'j
Teiritory, they possess it to the extent here con- ;•
tended for, and if not to that extent, they do not I
possess itatall. I maintain the latter branch of the
proposition; that is, that Congress has no consti-
tutional right to legislate for the people of the Ter-
ritories of the United States. I found the views I
shall offer to the committee on the character of the
Constitution, and on those rules of construction
which have been acknowledged and acquiesced in
by all parties, and at all times. They are the fol-
lowing:
"The Government is one of limited powers, and no pow-
er can be exercised unless it has been expressly granted by
the Constitution, or can be clearly implied from some ex-
pressly granted power.
" The powers not delegated to the United States by the
Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States,are reserved
to the States respectively, or to the people.
- « Whenever a question arises concerning a particular
power, The nrst question is, whether the power be expressed
in the Constitution ? If it bo, the question is deeich'd. If it
be not expressed, the next inquiry must be, whether it is an
incident to an expressed power, and nece^-saiy to its execu-
tion? If it be, it may be exercised by Con^re.-s. If it ba
not, Congre-^ cannot exercise it.
"A power to he incidental, must not be exercised forends
that make ita pinrcipal and substantive power,independent
• of the principal power to Which it is an incident."
Such is the character of the Government, as de-
fined by the Constitution itself, and such are the
rules by which it is to be expounded.
Is there, then, any express grant in the Constitu-
tion to Congress to form a territorial government,
or to make laws for the people of the Territories
of the United States? The only provision to ba
found in the Constitution in relation to territories
is in the third section of the fourth article. It is
as follows:
" The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make
all needful rules arid regulations respecting the terntoiy and
othei piopt-rty of the United States."
This provision is so explicit that it is not sus-
ceptible of construction. By it Congress can legis-
late in relation to the territories of the United States
as public lands—as property.. I do not suppose
that any one will insist that the expression " other
property of the United States" means the free citi-
zens of our country who reside in the Territories.
These rules and regulations refer to such laws, and
such only, as are necessary for the survey, the
preservation and protection, and, finally, the sale
of the public lands.
Some of our eminent citizens, who are moving
cautiously on the political chessboaid for the high
ptizeof the Presidency, have intimated opinions
in conformity with this view. But they come in
such a l< questionable shape" that I place no great
reliance on them. They are given apparently with
the view of quieting the popular excitement which
has been produced by the Wilmot proviso. They
seem designed to operate as a sort of ohloroform
dose on the North, and as an equally drowsy drug
on the South, till a certain event takes place, the
anticipation of which is stimulating the whole army
of office-holders to the most active exertions, and
has brought out from our diminished army in Mex-
ico hundreds of our gallant officers on the recruit-
ing service.
It would seem, from the foregoing article of the
Constitution, that the subject of Territories engaged
the particular attention of the Convention, and es-
pecially the power and jurisdiction which Congress
might exercise over them; and the result of their
deliberations was, that its power should be limited
to the enactment of such laws as concerned the
public lands as property. This limitation, by every
sound rule of construction, is equivalent to a pro-
hibition to exercise any other power.
But there is another provision in the Constitu-
tion giving to Congress jurisdiction over territory
to be ceded by the States for the seat of Govern-
ment. It is in the eighth section of the first article,
and provides that—
u Congre«s «hall have power to exorcist- exclusive legis-
lation, in ail ea-es whatsoever over such d^tiu-t (not ex-
ceeding ten miles square) us may, by ees-ion oi particular
ytate^ and the acceptance of Conjrrc-4?, become the seat of
Government of the Cmtcd States fand to exercise like au-
thority 0V'-r all pi ices puichased by the conscnr of the legisla-
ture of the rft.ire m winch the same shall be, for the erection
of foits, nngazinC's, arsenals, dock-yards, and other ueedful
buildings.
Now, here are two provisions of the Constitu-
tion on similarsubjects—one in relation to the" ter-
ritories of the United States, to the immense tract
of country out of which sixteen nesv States have
been formed; the other is in relation to a small
territory of ten miles square for the seat of gov-
ernment. In the latter, the power of legislation is
as unlimited as that possessed by the States withm
their territorial limits; m the former, the power of
legislation is limited to the public lands as prop-
erty.
