1848,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
543
It is evident that the Convention did not enter-
tain the opinion that a cession of territory would
confer on Congress the power to exercise exclu-
sive legislation in all cases whatsoever" over such
territory; otherwise this entire provision was use-
less and nugatory. And it is equally certain that
the Convention did notintend to confer on Con-
gress the power of legislation over the people of
the Territories of the United States; for, if such
had been their design, they would have adfopted a
similar provision to that in relation to the district
for the seat of government.
But according to the view of some gentlemen,
the power conferred « to dispose of and make all
needful rules and regulations respecting the terri-
tory and other property belonging to the United
States" is more comprehensive in its terms than
the power " to exercise exclusive legislation in all
cases whatsoever" in the District of Columbia.
I suppose that, under this grant of power, Con- i
gress would have no right to delegate its authority '
to legislate to any other body. But, under the
power to dispose of the territory, it is contended
that Congress has not only the right of exclusive
legislation, but they can transfer it to any individ-
ual or body of men fchey may choose to designate.
It will be observed that the clause in relation to the
District of Columbia is in the eighth section of the
first article of the Constitution, and that in relation
to the territories is in the third section of the fourth
article. It would have .been very appropriate to
have embraced both these subjects in the same arti-
cle; and their separation is to be accounted for only
by the fact that the Convention had been in session i
some time before it occurred to that body that any j
constitutional provision was necessary to authorize |
the sale of the public lands". It was inserted at the j
instance of Mr. Madison, as the history of the I
times shows, who was of opinion that Congress :
would have no such authority without it. This
incident of itself demonstrates that the Conven-
tion, l y the insertion of this clause, contemplated
nothing beyond the regulations necessary for the
protection and sale of this description of public
property.
«. The pro position against which I am contending
is, that the " power to dispose of and make ail
needful rules and regulations respecting the terri-
tories and other property of the United States"
confers unlimited and exclusive legislative author-
ity upon Congress.
The State of Alabama was admitted into the
Union 011 an equal footing with the original states,
in December, J819. At that period, nine tenths of
the lands within her limits belonged m the United
States. Willi the exception of 11 very few counties,
the whole of this State was carved out of the C'leuk
nation by the victorious sword of General Jackson.
The admission of Alabama into the Union took
from Congiess none of its powcis over the public
lands. Its authority to " dispose of and make all
needful rules in relation to the territories of the
United States" was in no manner whatever dimin-
ished or impaired.
But if it be true that the power to make these
rules and regulations confeis unlimited legislative
authority on Congress, wherever the public lauds
may lie, the State of Alabama, in all the laws she
has passed for the government of her people, is
acting as the agent of the General Government.
This would reverse the admitted principle that j
Congress is the agent and trustee of the States.
To place this subject in the strongest possible ;
light, let us bring the provisions of the Constitu-
tion in relation to tht^ District of Columbia and the |
Territories of the United States into one clause, as i
might have been done with great propriety by the j
Convention. It will then read thus: „ 1
"The Congress &I111II h:ivo pywrr to ux<;rci:>e oxehuive )
legislation, u> nil case,- whatever, over Midi tlit-tiiol (not j
exceeding ten mites Mamie) us may Ivy ee^ion (it particul.u j
Unites, unit the iU'e'-ptance of Cmii/res*, bfcomc the mm! of ;
Govei iinieat of tlie United Slates; ami to exetetf-e like au- !
tiiotity over ait places puri'liaM'it by the eminent oi'the
latum 01 ttie rM.itc ui whieh the s.uue 11;: IJ be, toi the > r-c- ,
tion of tort*, iii. fMziiH-'.', alNennK. dnek-jants, ;<:n! miter ;
lisetul btnlihim- 11 Amt ateo to ib^we nt' ai.d make ail \
lieedlal rules and reirulatKmsresppcuuglheterutorv or other !
property lx--lo.-)!jrag to tile Umled Stale!.."
Now, ( put it to the committee whether it would j
not be utterly absurd and preposterous to contend 1
that the last part of this clause confers the powers :
of exclusive legislation contained in the first? I
Having demonstrated, as I think, that the pow- |
er to sell "the public lands, conferred by the Con- j
stitutionon Congress, gives no authority to legislate '
for the people of the Territories, I proceed to exam-
ine another and a stronger argument, as it is sup-
posed, in favor of this power. It is based on the
treaty-making power.
The argument is, that when one nation or gov-
ernment cedes by treaty tel another nation or gov-
ernment its territory, its entire sovereignty is
transferred by such cession; that ill this country
the sovereignty is in the States or the people of the
States; that no one State can exert this sovereign
power over the ceded territory, it being the com-
mon property of all the States, and therefore of
necessity it must be exercised by their common
agent, the Government of the United States.
It is a remarkable feature in our system that
some of the highest attributes of sovereignty have
been utterly annihilated; that is, they can never i
be exerted while our present form of government !
endures. The powers confened on Congress by I
the Constitution and those retained by the several j
States, when brought into exercise, form the gov-
ernment of each of the States, or, in other words,
the two governments compounded, constitute the
government of each State. But still, both taken
together do not amount to a perfect sovereignty.
It will be found that in many cases the entire power
of the States has been relinquished, but still its
exercise by the Federal Government is limited and
restrained.
The States had unlimited power to raise and
support armies. This has been relinquished, but
its plenary exercise by Congress is not authorized.
Their power to appropriate money for the support
of armies is limited to two years. In like manner
the treaty-making power was absolute and unlim-
ited In the Slates. Any one of them might have
annexed itself to a foreign government and become
subject to its laws. This power to make treaties
13 piolubited to the Stales, but it is as much limned
and controlled by the Constitution as any other.
All treaties are made in subordination to its pro-
visions, and no treaty which countervails any of
them is of any validity whatever. The States had
the right by .(treaty to regulate duties and imports,
but this power was conferred on Congress, and
cannot be touched by treaty.
Many eminent statesmen of the South, with sin-
gular ability, have contended, and now contend,
that the power of Congress over the subject of du-
ties, which was absolute and unlimited in'ihe States, ,
is limited to raising revenue to defray the ordinary '
expenses of the Government. But tljere cannot '
be a more conspicuous instance of this kind than
the subject under consideration. The Stales have
conferred upon Congress partial and limited sov-
ereignty over the territories, the common property
of thorn all; but it is the sovereignty over the .soil,
and not over the people of the United Slates who
may reside thereon.
There never was uttered a greater heresy, or one
more mischievous and destructive of our system,
than the one proclaimed by that remarkable and i
illustrious citizen, President Jackson, when he said
that all the powers prohibited to tlw States must of
necessity be conferred on the Federal Government. !
Take the ease of post offices and post roads: if this !
doctrine be true, then there is no lestraint on Con- j
gress on this subject. The States had the power !
to construct post roads. They have relinquished \
this power, but have conferred on Congress author- :
ity to establish, not to make post roads. If Congress i
had this power, then, sir, our country, through its
whole length and breadth, would be covered over
with a splendid road system. There would be
paved roads, macadamized roads, and railroads
running to every city, town, village, tmd hamlet in
the land, all under the control and junsdtction of
(Jongiess, and made at a cost far exceeding the
present revenues of the Government. Then theie
would be the tull-eates and the toll-gatherers, over-
seers, and commissioneis of roads, and the thou-
sand agents in the employ of the Government ne-
cessary to keep this road system in operation.
When we wish to find the powers which Con-
gress can exercise, we must look to the grants in
the Constitution, and not to the powers prohibited
to the States. There is a large mass of dormant
powers which can neither be exercised by Congress
nor the States. If they had been conferred on the
Federal Government, or their exercise retained by
the States, our system, for all the purposes of free
and practical government, would have been more
objectionable than that which existed under the
old Confederation. If conferred on the former, it
would have very nearly approached a monarchy;
,?.n. t'le 'atler> there would have Wen constant
collisions between the two. ,
This doctrine, that the right to legisftte for the
people of the territories, arises as an incident to.
the treaty-making power, " makes the incident a-
substantive power, independent of the principal
power to which it is ag> incident," in violation of
the rule of construction before referred to.
The powers to be exercised by Congress cannot
be collected,from the doctrine of sovereignty as laid
down m treatises on the laws of nations. Our Con-
stitution and the powers conferred by it, have noth-
ing whateverto do with these laws. Ours is a form
of government established by the United States of
America, and when we desire to see the extent of
its powers we do not look to the laws of nations or
to any other code. We look to the instrument,
and to nothing else, to learn as well the powers
conferred on the Federal branch of the Govern-
ment as those retained by and those prohibited to
the States.
In passing laws for the people of the territories,
Congress must act either in pursuance of the Con-
stitution or independently of that instrument. If
the former, they can extend no other laws over
these^people than such as are in force in the sev-
eral States. I{ the latter, then their power is un-
controllable, both as to the form of government
they may establish and the character of the laws
they may pass. In the language of the pamphlet
heloie leferred to, "they may establish a military
rule or may adopt an agency, modelled into the
fashion of a civil government."
Some of the territories owned by the States were
coded before, and others after, the adoption of the
Constitution. Now, can it be possible that a mere
deed of land or territory by a State can confer upon
Congress these extraordinary powers in the face
of the Constitution, and thus essentially change
the whole character of the Government?
There is no constitutional obligation to admit
new States into the Union on an equal footing with
the original States, nor have these new States any-
power to force themselves into the Union. It rests,
therefore, with the Federal Government whether
this state of territorial bondage shall continue for
an indefinite period of time.
Let us suppose that all the new States were, with
.their present boundaries, in this territorial subor-
dination to the Government of the United States.
Then there would be presented to the world the
picture uf twenty millions of people, all citizens
of the same common country, one-half of whom
would be resting securely under the protection of
the Constitution, established with consummate
wi.sdom "to secure the blessings of liberty," and
subject to no laws but such as they adopt for thein-
.selves; while the other half would have no secu-
rity fur their rights and liberties, but the resistless
will of this many-headed, but kind, paternal, and
resistless despot.
The whole region of the East and South would
exhibit thirteen sovereign independent States, the
masters of the common Government, while the
more extensive and populous region of the West
would display the largest consolidated Government
in the world—subject to an authority as omnipo-
tent and uncontrollable as that possessed by the
Autocrat of all the Iiussias.
What manner of government, sir, is this? Your
Capitol should be decorated with a painting em-
blematic of its true character. It should have but
one head and two faces—one looking to the east,
with the beautiful and benignant features of the
Goddess of Liberty; and theotherto the west, with
the loweung frown of a stern and inexorable des-
pot.
It is impossible that our system can involve so
startling an absurdity.
it may be said, and will be said, that the people
of the Territories have always enjoyed alt the rights,
liberties, and immunities which have been secured
by the Constitution to the people of the States.
This may he admitted, and to a great extent is true.
But the difference between them is, that these lib-
erties and immunities are claimed by one as a right,
and by the other as a matter of favor and indul-
gence. A despotism does not consist in the actual
oppression of the people,butin the power,to oppress
them. I can extend to my slave all the hbeuy I
enjoy myself, but while I have the power to take
it from him he is still my slave.
But, dropping for a moment the constitutional
