544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28.
argument, is it expedient for Congress to interfere
with the government of the people of a Territory;
and why is it so expedient? Who are the people
that have sfttled upon and occupied the public do-
main ? Hitherto they have emerged from the bosom
of the States of the Union,andhave been composed
of farmers, mechanics, merchants, traders,lawyers,
doctors, preachers, judges^egislators, statesmen,
and all the variety of character found- in the States,
and all born and reared amidst our free institutions,
and deeply imbued with the principles of civil, po-
litical, and religious liberty, which they inculcate,
Suppose fifty or a hundred thousand are found with-
in the limits of one of the Territories, think you,
sir, they would not have the capacity to organize
a government for themselves, and to pass the laws
necessary for the protection of all their rights? ,
This has been the practice of Congress. They
have, I believe, in every Territory, by special
favor and indulgence, authorized the people to hold
legislative assemblies, and* to pass such laws as
they deemed necessary.
The error of the argument in favor of the right
of Congress to legislate for the people of the Ter-
ritories lies in supposing that they are colonies or
provinces, such as existed here previous to our
war of independence. And I cannot but think that
•a blind and servile imitation of the colonial system
of Great Britain is to be found in the territorial or
colonial system established by Congress—the very
system which overturned the authority of the pa-
rent country, and established the independence of
these States. It i3 true that the wrongs and op-
pressions inflicted by Great Britain on " these col-
onies," proclaimed in such fervid eloquence in the
Declaration of Independence, have never been at-
tempted in our colonies. But it is equally true
that the powers claimed for Congress would au-
thorize every measure of oppression which drove
America to resistance.
This doctrine that Congress have supreme sov-
ereign power and excfusive jurisdiction over the
people of the Territories of the United States is
fiilse in itself, false to the common charter of our
liberties, false to the whole scheme of our govern-
ment, and to the spirit of all our institutions. When
our people have gone to the territories or public
lands of the United States, and have purchased
those lands or occupied them, by permission of the
Government, in sufficient numbers to form a re-
spectable community, and when this community
have organized themselves into a common govern-
ment for their safety and protection; when they
have appointed a governor, judges, and legislative
assembly, and in every respect have formed a per-
fect government, on the model of those established
by the States, they are not dependant colonies or
provinces, but they are separate and independent
States of this glorious Confederacy. They are
States of the Union, to all intents and purposes,
with the solitary exception that they have no right
to send Senators and Representatives to the Na-
tional Legislature. The Constitution nowhere
speaks of the people of a Territory, or the govern-
ment of a Territory, but it speaks of the States, and
the people of the States. It was formed, not by
States and Territories, or for the government of
States and Territories, but it was established by
" the people of the United States to form a more
' perfect Union, establish justice, ensure domestic
'tranquillity, provide for the common defence,
' promote th_e general welfare, and secure the bless-
' mgs of liberty to ourselves and our posterity." As
the Constitution was formed by the States, and for
the benefit of the States, the Territories must come
in for a share of its blessings as States, or they
cannot claim them at all.
I shall show now, sir, that the legislation of (
Congress and the decisions of the Supreme Court
of the United States, have always regarded the i
Territories as States and as meniDers of the Con- j
federacy. !
The first section of the fourth article of the Con-
stitution provides that " full faith and ciedit shall
' be given 111 each State to the public acts, records,
' and judicial proceedings of every other State, and
' the Congress may, by general laws, prescribe the
' manner m which such acts, records, and judicial
' proceedings shall be proved, and the effect there-
' of." Now this piovision is for 'he States exclu-
sively. Each State shall give full faith and credit
to the " acts, records, and judicial proceedings of
every other State."
" On the 26th May, 1790, and the 27th March,
1804, in pursuance of this permissive constitutional
provision, Congress passed laws prescribing the
manner in which these acts, records, and judicial
proceedings shall be proved. In these acts, the
records and judicial proceedings of the Territories
are included, and they are placed on the sqjne
footing with the records, &c., of the States.
But let us see what the Supreme Court of the
United States have done. The first section of the
third article of the Constitution provides, among
other things, " that the judicial power shall ex-
tend to controversies between citizens of different
States." The Supreme Court have always held,
under this provision, that a citizen of a Territory
could sue and be sued in the same manner that
citizens of the States could.
In the case of Loughborough against,Blake, (5 th
Wheat., 319,) Chief Justice Marshall uses this
strong and emphatic language: "The power in
Congress to levy and collect taxes, duties, im-
' posts, and excises, is coextensive with the territo-
' ries of the United States. The term United States,
' as used in the Constitution, is the name given to
' our great Republic, which is composed of States
'and Territories." The Constitution nowhere
provides that Territories shall be admitted into the
Union and become States; but its language is,
" New States may be admitted by the Congress
into this Union." The expression " territory and
I other property of the United States," used in the
Constitution, means the public lands as public
property. When these lands are sold, and the
people form a government of their own, they are
not inhabitants of a Territory of the United States.
Theirs is not the government of a Territory, but
they are a separate and independent community,
inhabiting a district or tract of country within cer-
tain specified boundaries, and this community the
Constitution denominates a State, which "the Con-
gress may admit into this Union."
It has been said, and truly said, that the Con-
stitution suggests no idea that was not distinctly
impressed on the mind of the Convention; and
that there is not an expression or word in that in-
strument the precise meaning and^import of which
was not well considered.
Now, sir, how can a "new State be admitted
into this Union," unless it was a State before ad-
mission? The idea involves a positive contradic-
tion in terms. If the people of what is popularly
called a Territory are not a State, then you do not !
admit a " new State," but you admit an inferior j
thing called a Territory. When she knocks for j
admission at the door of the common paternal man-
sion, she is introduced as MisS Territory; but
when the nuptial ceremony is performed, she takes
her leave as Madam Stale! Sir, Miss Territory is
a personage unknown to the Constitution. She is
Madam State before she pays you her first visit.
The marriage rites were performed when she deter-
mined to act for herself, and to govern herself. She
comes not to be married, but to submit to the im-
portant ceremony of parturition, which usually
results in leaving in the family several twins called
Senators and Representatives. ^
If my view of this subject be correct, then the ,
fabric created by our ancestors rises to the admira- [
Hon of the world in all its magnificent and beautiful j
proportions. It shows itself a colossal structure, j
on every side of which is inscribed liberty—consti- j
tutional liberty. But if I am wrong, it is an ugly |
and hideous deformity. In the language of an em- j
ment citizen in the other end of the Capitol, it is a !
huge political monstrosity. It overlooks to the East
ten millions of people proclaiming constitutional
liberty, while it announces to the West iron-hand-
ed despotism.
Can there be a more indefensible usurpation than
for an institution appointed as the common agent
of the States, limited in the most positive and ex- 't
press terms to certain subjects, to assume all the j
powers of sovereignly and exclusive legislation ?
The argument is, that when one nation cedes to
another its territory, the nation ceding transfers to
the other its entire sovereignty; and that in this
country^ the sovereignty is m the people of the
United states, which can be only exercised by their
common agent, the Government of the United
States. This whole proposition is false. Except
the powers delegated in the Constitution, the entire
sovereignty, rests with the States separately, and
not collectively. The people of Massachusetts are
citizens of the United States, but they are only sov-
ereign within the limits of that State. Full power
is conferred on Congress, it is true," to dispose of
and make all needful rules and regulations respect-
ing the territory and other property of the United
States." But here its authority ceases.
When the people have purchased the public lands
or occupied them by permission of Congress, when
they have established a government of their own,
these are the people of the United States with
whom sovereignty resides, as fully and absolutely
within their limits as with the people of New York
or Pennsylvania.
It may be supposed, from what I have said, that
I yield to territorial governments the power to ex-
clude slavery. On the contrary, the reverse of this
has been one of the principal objects of my argu-
ment.
- Nothing is more to be regretted than that South-
ern statesmen, since the Wilmot controversy has
occurred, should seek protection against its mis-
chiefs and its dangers in the unlimited powers
claimed by Congress to legislate over the people
of the Territories. It is not pretended that this
unlimited power is derived from the Constitution;
it is claimed from vague and undefined ideas of
sovereignty, as ascertained by the laws of nations.
As this right of exclusive legislation has no rela-
tion to or connection with the Constitution, it must
be independent of it; and, therefore, there is no
more restraint on the subject of slavery than on
any other. But, according to my view, the Terri-
tories are quasi members of the Union whenever
they establish regular governments. They are
subject to all the laws which the Constitution au-
thorizes Congress to pass, and they can enact none
that are prohibited to the States. They cannot
legislate in relation to the public lands, nor can
any State which contains them. This power is
conferred on Congress, with such limitation only
as the Constitution imposes. That limitation is
marked and explicit. If there is any feature in
our system more conspicuous than all the rest,'it
is that of perfect equality among the State? and
the people of the States. This is the firm and
stable foundation of our Confederacy. Without
it, it never would have been established. Destroy
it, and the Union would be instantly dissolved.
The deeds of cession of the immense territories
in the West were made in trust for the common
benefit of the people of the United States. In their
sale each and every citizen has the same right to
purchase. These propositions will not admit of
controversy. Those who are in favor of excluding
slavery say that they do not impugn this right;
they tell us that the public lands are equally acces-
sible to all, that all have the same privilege of pur-
chasing. But, while they tell us this, they say that
though you may purchase the public lands, you
shall not cultivate them with slave labor. Now,
sir, what is this but a flat denial of the right of pur-
chase? Can it be supposed that any one would be
so stupid as to buy land without the liberty of cul-
tivating it ?
If it be true that this equality of rights exists to
the public lands ceded by the States, how much
more strikingly does this great truth appear when
we extend our views to foreign territory, acquired
by the common treasure and the common blood of
our people. The citizens of all sections of our
country, the North, the South, the East, and the
West, have gone out as members of the samegreat
family to share the same fate; to live alike, and to
die alike on the same battle-fields, to maintain the
honor and glory of the country. And now, sir,
when their bones are bleaching on the same battle-
fields, when the soil of Mexico is still moist with
their blood, a proposition is made to exclude from
it one-half of the noble patriots who will survu e
the war, and then the half of those whom the slam
and dead have left behind them.
This proposition comes not from the army; those
engaged in this ignoble strife have been conspic-
uous only m the battles which occur at the hus-
tings. Do you think, sir, that the widows and or-
phans whom the gallant brothers of the North
and South have left behind them would not at once
consent that the field which contains their graves
should be the common property of them all?
Do you think that of the maimed who have sur-
vived this war, whose wounds are yet unhealed, g
any portion of them would seek to exclude the
others?
The proposition is too monstrous to be stated.
It shocks that sense of justice and equal rights
which all mankind entertain alike. And we think
