THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES,
30th Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, MARCH 30, 1848.
New Series No. 35.
and feel that it is an indefensible outrage on those
great principles of justice .and equality which the
Constitution was intended to secure.
I came here tremblingly alive to the Wilmot pro-
viso. 1 came to seek conciliation with the mem-
bers of the North, and to entreat them to let this
bitter cup pass by. When Congress met I found
a good feeling of brotherhood. Fwrote to my con-
stituents that the northern Whigs were much more
liberal than we had been taught to believe; that
they were the friends of the Union and the Consti-
tution, and would rtot disturb the desired harmony
between the Whigs of the North and the Whigs of
the South on a mere abstraction. Rut, sir, how
sadly have I been disappointed. There has been
no member from the South who has not carefully
abstained from the agitation of the slavery ques-
tion. No voice from that region has been heard
on this subject. And yet day after day, when an
opportunity has been afforded, we have been com-
pelled to listen to set speeches against the institu-
tions of the South.
1 regret, I deeply regret this state of things. My
attention could not fail to be attracted to the speech
of the honorable member from Ohio, [Mr. Root,]
delivered on the 15th of the present month. That
speech breathes nothing but hostility to southern
institutions. It was uttered in a tone of defiance,
und in such language of menace as left the impres-
sion that the honorable speaker thought that empty
threats weie quite sufficient to intimidate what he
Was pleased to cnll "southern chivalry."
Ho says " the strife between slavery and nnti-
slavei y, free States and slave State-*, North and
South," i.-i inevitable. "It cannot be avoided; it
'must come—aye, it is come. The note of alarm
'has been sounded in the North, and unless I rtiis-
'take the Pilgrim stock, you will find northern
'obstinacy fully a match for southern chivalry. You
' come better prepared; but Jonathan can wake up,
'and he will give you a lively tune, sir."
Again, the honorable memberuses the following
•language: "The old Whig guard are all ready.
' Those of the tribes of the Huroiis and Eries are
'taking the war path, and tho Medinasand Lorain
' sweepers have been out a year. Let them all
'trust in Wod and keep their powder dry."
What does the gentleman from Ohio mean by
this haughty und vainglorious boasting? Does he
think that tho South are to be frightened from their
duty- to their country and themselves by these
empty menaces? The proposition to exclude slave
labor from the territories ot" tho United States is a
proposition to degrade, the slave States—to render
them inferior to tho free States. Have gentlemen
so far mistaken the character of our people as to
think they would for a moment submit to this? 1
regard it as a direct proposition to dissolve the
Union. Great God! is there any man in America
who wishes to dissolve this glorious Union? The
time, was when the prevailing sentiment was, " blis-
tered be the tongue that would speak of a disso-
lution of the Union;" but now it is the familial-
language of the day. Sir, wc of the South cling to
the°Uuion as the ark of our safety; we fully and
properly appreciate all its blessings. But all these
blessings we will throw away rather than submit
to degradation. I hope the gentleman is mistaken
when he says the strife between the North and the
South is begun. I hope he is deceived when he
expresses the opinion that the North has already
taken the war path; and I trust they are not keep-
ing " their powder dry" for- their brethren of the
South. But, after all, the gentleman may be cor-
rect. He is highly intelligent, and ought to know
the sentiments of the North. It may be true that
they are already marching in " the war path," and
are keeping their powder dry for the threatened
conflict. If it be so, I would admonish this "Pil-
grim race" to leave the " war path," and turn to
the paths of peace; to stay tho arm which is uplift-
ed against their brothers of the South. I would
caution them that they may have to encounter
greater difficulties than were experienced at Ply-
If friendly counsel and advice can have no effect,
then, sir, I will resort to an argument that may
35
possibly have some influence. I will tell them
candidly and frankly, that when they reach the ter-
minus of the " war pnth," which it seems leads to
the South, they will find that every ten-year old
boy will have the brawny and stalwart arm of a
full-grown and gallant soldier, and that they will
encounter none but Palmetto regiments.
Mr. SMART, of Maine, next obtained the floor,
and addressed the House as follows:
Mr. Chairman: I shall not often ask your in-
dulgence for the purpose of discussing questions
that may arise here. But the motives of those
who vote upon questions coming befijre this body
are sometimes misconstrued and misrep|psented.
For this reason I feel it due to myself on the pres-
ent occasion to explain and defend openly and
frankly my own views concerning free territory
now in the Union, or sach as will probably be ac-
quired. When I have done, this, I trust all will
admit that the vote I intend to give in connection
with this bill is the result of honest conviction and
a proper sense of duty. The discussion of the
question of free territory is proper on the present
occasion, the subjcct being legitimately before the
House, as will be seen by reference to the twelfth
section of the bill now under consideration. When
an important question arises here, it is the duty of i
the Representative to look to his constituents, to j
ascertain their wishes, and to become n fearless and ;
faithful exponent of them. I regard this myself as
a paramount duty; ami he who would question my
rijlit, «s' n reprevnlalive upon this floor, to Veiled
their will, can, in mv judgment, have little claims
to democracy. Such a man should be marked for
reprobation by every one who would continue to
this nation an independent representative Govern-
ment. .
The most ample justification of the coursc 1
have marked out for myself, may be found in
the virtual instructions of the State, ot Maine to
her delegation in Congress, through her Legisla-
■ture, at its last session. These instructions are the
latest indication of the wish of the people of Maine
upon the subject under consideration that has
come to my knowledge. I beg the indulgence, of ,,
the House while I read the resolutions containing j j
them: jj
ltESOLVKA relating to tlie extension of slavery in newly ,
acquired terntoiy. ;j
nesolrni, That Maine, liv the netmn "flier State 5JOVJ,rn" j
incut mill liv her ie|ire«eimi«lim in 0.in!>rc-", ••limil.l nl"«le
hoii.-Mlvimilchccifntlv by the letter an.l -piiilnl tlie r.ui.-i , ,
Minis ol I lie ('onsliMitnin of lie- United Slate*; at the came
time H'Sliting firmly nil demands Kir then enlargement in
* ^/i'rso.'iW That the M-nftmcnt of this State is profound,
sincere, uml almost universal, that the influence ot shivery
upon product!vi: energy is hkc the hhclit nt mildew, that ,
is a moral and social evil; that it does violence to the rislits
of man as n thinkine, reasonable, and responsible bcuifr. .
Influenced by sneli considerations, this sHato will oppose tlie ,
introduction of slnveiv into any territory which may he ,
acquired as an indemnity tor claims upon Mexico. I
Retained, That, in the ncqiiwtnon of any free nrritory, i
whether bv purclmso or otherwise, we deem u the duty ol
the General Government to extend over the same the orili- j
nance of ITS", with all its rights and privileges, condition* .
n"/?c5otcr(?,1'rimt our Senators in Congress be instructed, j
and our Representatives requested, to support and carry out
the principles of the forcgoiiij! resolutions.
It may not bo improper to refer briefly to the
passage of these resolutions.
Hon. John W. Dana, having failed of fin elec-
tion by the people, wos elected by the Legislature,
and inaugurated as Governor of Maine in May,
1847. Immediately after his election, he sent his
message to the two Houses of the Legislature.
That message contained a strong, decided, em-
phatic avowal of the principles contained the
resolutions I have just read. That portion of the
message relating to free territory was referred to a
select committee, who reported to the House the
resolutions I have presented, responding to tlie
Governor's sentiments in nearly his own words.
After a very full discussion, the first resolution
passed the House July 20, 1847, by a vote of 122
to ]; the second by 124 to 8; and the third by 126
to 6. ,. ,
They were then sent to the Senate, and the thii'd
resolution, which adopts the ordinance of 1787,
passed by a vote of 17 to 8; but upon one of the
others the Senate disagreed with the House, ana
by this disagreement the resolutions fell. Yet I
regard these resolutions as virtual instructions. At
all events, they are the latest and most definite in-
dication of the feeling of the people of Maine upon
the subject, and as such should be carried out by
her Representatives.
It may, however, be said, that these instructions
should not be regarded, because they do not come
to. us precisely in a legal form. But, sir, no instruc-
tions of a Legislature are legally binding. Neither
Senators nor Representatives are legally bound to
obey them. Yet, as an indication of the wish of
the people, the Senators and Represestatives of a
State are under the strongest moral obligations to
comply with the resolutions adopted by the Legis-
lature of the State; nor is the obligation less, when
each branch of the Legislature sanctions the same
principle in a different manner.
As an additional evidence of the feeling of the
people of my State, I take the liberty to mention
that Governor Dana, who had given great promi-
nence and force to an argument in favor of free
territory, though defeated the year previous, was
triumphantly elected in September, 1847, by the
people. Let me sav, then, if I need any justifica-
tion for the stand I take, it may be found in the
fact that 1 am only complying with what is evi-
dently the wish of a largo majority of the people
of Maine, anil with what I believe to be the wish
of the people of my district. Let me not be, mis-
understood. 1 by no menus consider it necessary
to put into this discussion any plea of justification.
I am happy to say, that my own views accord,
fully,with those expressed by the people of Maine;
and the justice and propriety of their position, 1
think, is'very obvious.
1 am aware it has been confidently asserted that
public opinion has undergone a change unfavora-
ble to the freedom of our public domain. 1 think,
I Mr. Chairman, this will prove incorrect.
! Among the people of the State I have the honor
in nart to represent, I have seen no evidence of
1 such ehnngc. Neither the press of my State nor
I the action of conventions has afforded any such
j °V BW/mnc it right to extern! the principles of the
\ ordinance of 1787 orer any territmtj? _ . _ T
i With a!! defctem-o to the opinions of others, 1
[ think wc have. In opposition to the arguments
of (he tf>m Alabama, [iMr. wA\l.n,J
1 contend that we have a right to extend the prw-
cinle of the ordinance of 1783 over other territo-
■ ries. The ordinance of 1787 and its subsequent
1 recognition by Congress under the present Gon-
i dtuuon, and: the ac°t of March 6," 1820, prohibit-
! ing slavery -north of 36° 30', were most solemn
;j assertions of this right. True, it has been recently
' held by high authority that the provision m the
Constitution which empowers Congress to make
"all needful rules and regulations respecting the
territory belonging to the United States, only
refers to land, and that no power is thereby given
to legislate in relation to persons, and therefore
Congress has no jurisdiction. Cut, sir, with all
respect for these opinions, let me say that the pow-
er to legislate for territories, and in relation to per-
sons, has been exercised ever since the ordinance
of 1787. 1 do not purpose to enumerate the many
instances of the exercise, of this power, but.will
content myself with a reference to two ac ts of Con-
gress in addition to those already alluded to. An
act of Congress, passed March 26, 1804, P«>T'a«"
Lino slate shall be brought into the
Louisiana except by citizens of the U'j'Wd j •
T-i- ^ ~11".,-vt-iai Mv-nli ilut.ion of the intro 
i Louisiana except oy citizens* d
! Here was a conditional prohibition >f "j Thft
| tion of slaves into Louisiana by_ Co « ^ ^
| other act to which 1 feJ^r oveir ' . ac, passed
j Legislative Council of Florida. Legislative
! June 30, 1834, MfaKe. on slaves
\ Council of Honda imposing o those belonging
! belonging to non-residents han on tho ^
to residents Anv^tttmpt on ^1 ^ ^ of
or ' pei sons o that Territory was declared
SntXce0,puni8hable by fine or njiprieonment.
