546
^^WDON^iinhe gentleman give way?
Mr BOWDON ssdthe provision in the Consii-
States at theformation of the Constitution,and not
to territory since acquired. _
Mr SMART. Even if the construction of the
gentleman is correct I will soon show that the
General Government has jurisdiction over territo-
ries independent of the article cited by him.
Mr. S. continued. So far as I have been able
to investigate, such Iegislation.on the part of Con-
gress has been sanctioned by the highest judicial
authority. The ground taken by some gentlemen
would deny to Congress the right even to regulate
the right of suffrage in any territory, it would
deny to Congress the right to throw the least pro-
tection around the pioneer, who sacrifices many of
the comforts of life to'extend the area of civiliza-
tion. A territory is owned by the United States
exclusively, £nd is inhabited by a small number of
our fellow-citizens, too few to defend themselves,
and yet Congress has no power to protect these
men from the knife of the assassin, because it can-
not legislate in relation to " persons" in territories
the congressional globe.
March 28,
To
I leave this statement without comfnent.
state it'is to exhibit its bald injustice.
But it has been further impressively said by
others, that the. acquisition of Mexican territory
should not inure to the benefit of one section (the
free section) of the Union to the exclusion of the
other. We are told that this acquisition has been
purchased by the common blood of the whole coun-
try. We are reminded that in this war have fallen
the sons of the North and those of the South.
We do not forget that Ransom, and Scott, and
Hamer, and Hardin, and Lincoln, and Page, have
fallen in similar struggles, with Butler, and Clay,
and McKee, and Yell, and other noble sons of the
South.
This is, indeed, a strong appeal to the generosity
and magnanimity of all, to do no wrong to any
"section; and, fully realizing the extent of the ap-
peal, I think I am justified in saying, that if ail the
territory we acquire remains free, still the South
will be more benefited by the result of this war
than the North.
If this war had been commenced and prosecuted
solely for the acquisition of territory, the appeal
that has been thus plausibly made, would be en-
titled to grave and serious consideration, especially
if it weie proposed to settle the territory wholly
Sir, in my opinion this is a doctrine so extraordi- • ■ e a. .
narv that it will not generally obtain in the minds j by citizens of the free states.
- " ■ In order to view this question fairly, it is proper
of men.
When the framers of the Constitution gave
power " to make all needful rules and regulations
respecting territories," they undoubtedly contem-
plated a settlement in the territories by " persons"
who would need "rules and regulations." If a
territory is never settled, there would never be any i
necessity for rules and regulations. What rules ,
could the framers of the Constitution suppose j
would be needed for mere land that has no refer- i
ence to " persons?" But if the particular provis- I
ion in the Constitution to which I have alluded j
does not give the power to legislate for territories, .
no one doubts that the General Government may
acquire territory. My friend from Alabama will
not doubt this. The power, then, to govern such
territory till it is formed into a State follows as a
matter of course.
When the Government of the United States ac-
quires territory and does not get a title to the soil,
it gets the power or right of exercising authority,
the jurisdiction, or its gets nothing. Such powei
it holds until the State is formed, or until Congress
delegates it to the people of the territory. If, then,
Congress has the power or the right of exercising
authority in .territories, if it has complete jurisdic-
tion, it can exclude slavery. This, I believe, is
admitted by the gentleman from Alabama, who
preceded me in this discussion. This being so
still, I think it is not expedient to embarrass the
that we should inquire into the circumstances which
led to the commencement and prosecution of the war. j
This country became involved in this war for the ;
defence of Texas, and to quiet our title to the
territory of Texas, which was disputed byMexi- j
co. The extracts from the documents I shall read |
will prove this assertion beyond the cavil of any !
man. We annexed Texas (as I think we had a '
right to do) in spite of the threats of Mexico to |
make war upon us. . j
A few extracts from the diplomatic correspond- 1
ence with the Mexican Government will show the
nature of those threats. In August 3, 1843, Mr. ;
Bocanegra, Minister of Foreign Relations of Mex-
ico, addressed a note to the honorable Waddy
Thompson, which contains the following extract:
" The Mexican Government will consider equivalent to a
declaration of war asainst the Mexican Republic the parage
of an act for the lncorjMiation of Texas with tiie territory <j(
tiic United Static ; the certainty of the fact being sulficient t
foi the immediate proclamation of war."
In November 3,1843, General Almonte addressed
a note to the Secretary of State of the United States,
in which he declared, "by express order of his ■
' Government, that on sanction being given by the
{ Executive of the Union to the incorporation of ,
' Texas into the United States, he will consider his .
'mission ended; seeing that, as the Secretary of !
State will have learned, the Mexican Government '
acquisition of territory'with a condition about1': ' i3 resolved to declare war as soon as it receives
which there is a strong difference ot* opinion; but !j * information of such an act.
there are Strong reasons for inserting m the pro-
visions of any territorial government that may
hereafter be formed a prohibition of slavery.
But we are told by some, that the territories are
the common property of the whole 'Union, and
that all the citizens of all the States have n. ri^ht to
go to them with their properly; that is, being inter-
preted, gentlemen owning slaves may hold them
upon every square mile of soil not now within the
limits of the free States, even in the face of the
prohibition of Congress. Carry out the doctrine,
and you assert that all the citizens of all the States
are tenants in common, and then, by propagating
slavery, you excludo both the tenants and their
property in the/rce States as effectually as if they
were excluded by law. But slaves are not regard-
ed as property to the extent that chattels are gener-
ally. They cannot be held as property in a free
State, nor in a Territory made free by the power
having the jurisdiction for the time being. This
was so regarded before the formation of the Con-
stitution, when the famous ordinance was passed,
and immediately after, when the provisions of that
ordinance were sanctioned by Congress. The re-
sult of this "peculiar" doctrine would leave all the
territories not now within the limits of the free
States open to slavery. What, with such a re-
sult, would be the comparative extent of the free
and slaveholding sections of the Union?
With the acquisition of California and New
Mexico, our country will embrace an area of about
2,600,000 square miles. Of this immense territory
2,000,000 square miles would be open to slavery,
and less than-600,000 to freedom!
In addition to this,Mr.Bocanegra,in May, 1844,
addressed an official circular^ the French, Span-
ish,English,and Russian ministers, informing them
that if Texas was annexed, his Government would
consider the act a declaration of war between the
two nations.
in consequence of these threats, and other in-
dications on the part of Mexico, Texas became
apprehensive that she might be attacked by the
Mexicans, and expressed those apprehensions to
our Government prior to her assent to the joint
resolutions of the United States for her admission
into the Union as a State. 1 now proceed to give
the language of our Government concerning the
apprehended hostilities.
On the 23d May, 1845, Mr. Buchanan, Secre-
tary of State, replied to Mr. Donelson's despatches,
dated the 6th of the same month, as follows:
e( You <tate the substance of the note of the Secretaiy nf
Texas to brf an earnest expression of the wish of the Govern-
ment of Texas, thnt as "-oon a-< tlvir absent is givfn to thr
terms contained m the joint resolution^ for their admission
as a State, the troops of the United States may be marchfd
to feoine suitable point on the western fiontiei, for the pur-
pote of guarding tbe inhabitants against Mexican or Indian
incursion, and of being employe'! withm the territory of
Texas for this purpose, should occasion leqmrc. J am in-
structed by the Pre-iduntto inform you, that as soon as the
existing Government and the convention of Texas shall have
accepted the terms proposed in the two fiist sections of the
joint resolution for annexing Texas to the United States, he
will then conceive it to be both hi? nght and his duty to em-
ploy the aimy in defending that State against the attacks of
any foreign Power.
In another letter of Mr. Buchanan to Mr. Don-
elson, dated June 15, 1845, he says;
" The moment that the Convention of Texas shall have
accepted and ratified the terms of annexation proposed by
the American Congiess, the Piesident, for the purpose of
detenie, will consider herteiritory as belonging to the UmU-d
States. You aie, therefore, hereby authorized in that event
fouhwith to send an express to our commanding officer on
the Sabine, communicating to him the mfoimation, and he
w.ll he directed to move to such points as yourself and the
authorities o/ Texas shall deem most expedient. Captain
Stockton will be ordered, with the fleet now under his com-
mand, (and other vessels of war will he attached to it,) Jo
repair to the mouth of the Sabine, i'or the purpose of trans-
porting the American troops to the positions where they
shall in your opinion and that of these authorities be most
| required. Similar orders will he issued, both to our com-
manding officer on the Sahine and to Captain Stockton,
to be executed in case the Convention shall be prevented
from assembling, or be disturbed in its peaceiul delibeia-
tions by a Mexican invasion^ §c.
I will only add an extract from the President's
message delivered December 2, 1845:
«Both the Congress and Convention of the people of
Texan invited this Government to s« nd an army into that
teriitory to protect and defend them against the menaced
attack* [ot the Mexicans.] The moment the term" of an-
nexation offered bv the United States were acceptcd by
Texa* the latter became so far a part of our own countiy as
to make it our duty to afford such protection and defence. I
theiefore deemed it proper, as a precautionary ineas-ure, to
order a strong squudion to the coasts of Mexico, and to
concentrate an efficient militaiy force on the western fron-
tier of Texas. Our army was ordered to takr position in
the countn between the Nueces and the Del Norte, and to
lepe) any invasion which might be attempted by the Mexi-
can forces."
Mr. Chairman, our army took "position"
agreeably to the " order" of our Government, and
while in the quiet occupation of the territory of
Texas was attacked by the Mexican forces, and
we became immediately involved in war, as was
apprehended by Texas and our own authorities.
Is there, then, anything in these circumstances
which warrants the conclusion that we went to war
for the acquisition of territory? 1 repeat, we be-'
came involved in this war to defend Texas and to
quiet our title to her territory. After the war com-
menced, however, we did allege the non-payment
of the claims of our citizens hy way of aggrava-
tion, and as an additional justification of the war
on our part. But acquisition of territory was not
the object intended to be gained, nor, in fact, is
the greatest object gained by the war; that is a
mere incident growing out of the war. Letussee,
then, to whose benefit the greatest result of the
war, the security of Texas, inures. The blood of
the North, equally with that of the South, has
watered the soil of Texas to obtain for it security.
Tire treasure of the North, as weil as that of the
South, has been poured out for the same object.
The whole nation has thrown its protection around
Texas, and prosecuted a war to secure her against
invasion; but that territory will never be a desirable
field of labor for the free white man of the North,
who " earns his bread by the sweat of his brow."
The sons of the North have poured out their blood
and spent their treasure, but they cannot dig on
that soil by the side of a slave.
Nearly four hundred thousand square miles of
the hest soil in the world inures to one section of
the Union, while it is defended and its integrity
! secured by the common blood and treasure of both
sections. I am aware that it may be said, to de-
fend Texas was only a constitutional duty, and
nothing particularly meritorious; but let it be re-
membered, that Texas was annexed in the face of
the threats of Mexico to make war upon us for the
act. A large portion of the North, my own State
among others, went for annexation, with a knowl-
edge of these threats, and before Texas had any
constitutional right to call upon us to defend her.
We have stood by Texas before and after annexa-
. tion, cheerfully, generously; and yet its peculiar
institution is a barrier to the settlement of it by
our free laborers.
Our new acquisition will amount probably to
about six hundred thousand square miles of land.
A word as to its comparative value. A traveller
who has lately written a description of California
expresses the opinion that about two-thirds of that
territory is susceptible of cultivation. Suppose
: one-half of the whole acquisition is such as can be
cultivated; that would give for cultivation about
three hundred thousand square miles of soil. What,
then, is its comparative value, when considered
with Texas? Sir, I do not wish to disparage this
probable acquisition. 1 think it is as much as
we had a right to expect from Mexico; but I am
i confident it contains vastly less soil fit for cultiva-
tion than Texas, and of much poorer quality.
Now, the whole of Texas, acquired and defended
under the circumstances I have mentioned, is open
