1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
54?
to those who may wish to hold slaves; and can
there be any injustice in appropriating this new
acquisition—this less valuable tract of country—
to those who do not wish to hold slaves? I must
say, I think not. But, sir, there is even a stronger
view of this question. If you admit slavery into
this territory, the North is entirely excluded from
it. If you admit it info half the territory, still
it is an unequal division; because the South will
occupy the slaveholding half exclusively, while
their citizens will ,occupy the other half in common
with those of the North, But if you make it all
free, I am prepared to demonstrate that the people
of the South will enjoy its benefits to an extent
equal with those of the North.
J have thus far spoken of this question as if
Southern men had no interest in free territory; but
I believe they have a deep interest in its preserva-
tion. In 1787, .the patriotic men of the South
united with their northern brethren in prohibiting
slavery in the "NorthwestTerritory.'* And upon
that territory may be found at this moment an im-
mense population that originated in the slavehold-
ing States. The free States formed out of the
North west Territory " are an asylum for the fiee
white men of the South, who have gone there to
earn their bread by the labor of their hands. I am
unable to state precisely to what extent the free
West is enjoyed by those originating from the
slaveholding Stales; but I will present the opinion
•of the Secretary of State of Indiana, contained in
a letter written by him not long since. He says:
*'1 am from n slavcholdina: State, (Kentucky,) and have
resided in the Territory and State of Indiana near forty
years. * * * I think that the aggregate mtmbor of the
inhabitants of this State may he estimated at about 800,000,
«nd that  non  tlian-one-halfthatnmnbrrare from the slave-
tioiding Skates. This jn.ty br wide of the rnaik, one way
Or the other, it is Imt conjecture My own opinion i-,,
however, that f have not stated the inhabitants ftom the
slaveholding States as many as ihey ate."
Mr. Chairman, if this opinion is correct, it
would seem that the territory of Indiana has inured
to the common benefit of both sections of the
Union.
But, sir, I have in my possession also an ex-
tract of a letter from the Secretary of State of Illi-
nois, which I wish to put on record as an addi-
tional evidence of the common enjoyment of the
free territory of the West by the people of the
North and South. In reply to a question as to the
number of inhabitants in Illinois who originated
in the slaveholding States, he says:
« I am entirely without data to govern in answering th«
same. I havousktd the ijueMion ut' our Governor and <*x-
Goveiflor, and others, and the impulsion w, that about one-
lirJt'or'thc pre-enteiti/.ens of this State who have come from
other M«ites, ougmuted in the Maw holding Htates."
Of course 1 do not regard these opinions as con-
clusive; but coming as' they do from gentlemen
who have the best opportunity to form opinions
upon the subjcct, I doubt not they are substan-
tially correct.
In addition to the facts elicited by the extracts I
have quoted, it is well known to every one that
the people of the South are yearly appropriating
to their use the free soil of the West. In proof of
this, I prefer to avail myself of Southern testimony.
The eloquent gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Clingman,] in a speech made some months
ago, said:
" A very Iar"e portion of the emigration from the old
southern States goes into the lieo Slate* of the Northwest
This, as I have observed myself, is eminently tiuc of the
North Carolina emigrants."
I have undertaken, sir, to prove satisfactorily
that should you preserve the territory you receive
from Mexico free, the South would enjoy the ben-
efit of that territory to an extent equally gieat with
the North. California and New Mexico are much
nearer the slaveholding than tha free States; and I
think I can triumphantly ask if what has happened
in the settlement of Illinois and Indiana will not
happen to New Mexico and California?
1 do not, sir, pretend to speak for the South, but
I am justified in taking this method to show that
when the people of the North ask for the exclu-
sion of slavery in this territory, they are not at-
tempting to appiopriate to themselves a monopoly
of the territory, t think I have successfully done
this. It is very evident that the territory, if free,
would become an asylum for the poor but enter-
prising men of both sections of the Union. Thus
far I can see no injustice to the South in securing
freedom to the territory we acquire.
The preservation of free territory is but an act
of justice to our own race.- It is but an act of jus-
tice to the free laborers of this whole country; and
they have the power to prevent their exclusion
from these new territories by an *' institution'' that
is revolting to them. They have votes that are
necessary to the election of Representatives to
Congress; and the toiling millions, who drive their
teams 4< afield," who sweat in the summer's sun,
and expose themselves to heat and cold while labor-
ing to support their wives and children, will look
to it that land is provided for them, and those that
come after them, upon which they can labor with-
out dishonor.
But let me present another very important as-
pect of this question. There is much greater neces-
sity for additional free territory than for additional
slave territory. The population of the slaveholding
States, in 1840, amounted to 7,336,751. Those
States cover an area of about 897,000 square
miles. The population of the free States, including
Wisconsin, amounted to 9,732,70*2. These free
States cover an area of only about 470,000 square
miles. To illustrate the relative position of the
two sections of the Union ma different manner:
the inhabitants to a square mile in the slaveholding
States amount to eight, those in the free States to
twenty. The free States have less than half as
much soil according to population as the slave-
holding States, and that, too, of a poorer quality.
This statement, I think, is nearly accurate. It
was, however, prepared in haste. We are some-
times reminded of the aggressive policy of the
people of the North. Does this give evidence that
they have pursued an aggressive policy? Does
the statement I have made show that the slave-
holding States are crowded or pent up, and in
want of room? Tiiey have now peihaps eight or
nine millions of inhabitants: when they have a
population of ninety-eight million^ these Suites
will be no more densely populated than Henrico
county, Virginia, in 18-10.
When there shall be such an accumulation of
slaveholding population, how incomparably more
dense will be the inhabitants of the free section of
the Union? We have the authority of the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] for
asserting, that a very large portion of the emigra-
tion from the old Southern States goes into the free
States of the Northwest; and it is well known that
a very heavy emigration from the Atlaniic free
States yearly reach the same destination. But I
am particularly desirous of calling attention to the
foreign immigration into the free territory of the
Union.
From the report of the Secretary of State to the
House of Representatives, enclosing a statement of
the number and designation of the passcn^cus ar-
riving in the United States on shipboard during
the year ending September 30, 1847, is taken the
following recapitulation, viz:
States. Males. females. Sex not stated. Total.
Maine  3,438... . 2,*70  -   5,803
New flamp^hire. 4  3  -  7
Miwaclmsottb...ll,9S8 8,373 517  20,888
Rhode Island.... 1U3  74  -  207
Connecticut  48  31  ~   74
New York 85,059 60,771  - 145,830
Pennsylvania.... 7,911 6,859  14  11,777
Maryland  6,968  5,0'>0  -  12,018
Virginia  432..... 274 178........ 87-1
South Carolina.. 119..... 4rt  -   164
Georgia.-  4  7  -  11
■ Florida  102  86  -   188
i' LouiM.iaa 20.784 14,0)9  -  34.80.1
> Texas  Q,1,370   28i)  3,873
Total.... 139,163 99,335 939 -2.19,480
1 This recapitulation shows, that during the last
: year, 239,480 emigrants arrived in the United
|j States. Where, sir, have these em grants gone? Let
ji facts speak. It will he perceived that 137,549 land-
ed in the free States, and 51,931 in the slavehold-
i ing States—34,803 of whom landed in Louisiana.
| Now, it is fair to presume that one-half of those
1 landing in Louisiana «o up the Mississippi, and
" settle upon free territory. If this be true, 204,950
: Europeans have gone to the free States, and only
; 34,534 to the slaveholding States, during the last,
ji year. This statement does not, of course, include
i the large numbers >vho have landed in the British
i! provinces, and gone from thence into the free
' States.
, Mr. MEADE would ask the gentleman from
| Maine, if he had inquired how many landing in
the free States had gone to Texas, &c. ?
'! Mr. SMART replied that few could have gone,
!| beeause the whole population of Texas amounted
at present to only 149,000—much less than emi-
grated to the United States in one year.
Mr. BOWDON said that men from Maine and
Pennsylvania had gone there, and two of them are
Representatives on this floor.
Mr. SMART said this might be sri, and men
from Maine might go to Texas, too, for other pur-
poses than to cultivate the soil. But, sir, the bone
and muscle, the real laborers, do not go there.
When they emigrate, they stop at the borders of
the free States as square as a mathematical litie.
This I know myself from personal observation,
having resided in a slave State. Such is the ease
with Illinois and Missouri. What I assert in re-
lation to European immigration into the free States
is corroborated by the southern press I find Sub-
stantially the followingstatements in the Charleston
(South Carolina) News, taken from the Augusta.
(Georgia) Chronicle:
| "Nmeteen-twentieths of these European emigrants of
both sexes are laboring people. Nearly all of them settle in
tile fiee States. Only eleven during the last year came to
Georgia, and only eight hundred and seventy-four to Virginia.
A large portion of those landing at New Orleans go up the
Mississippi to the free States of Indiana, Illinois, Ohio,
Iowa, and Wisconsin. The city of Buffalo increased ill
population ten thousand the iast year, and Cincinnati now
numbers one hundred thousand. European immigration al-
ready amounts to one million in four years; it will soon
amount to one 7nitllon per year."
In view of this tremendous'influx of immigra-
tion, nearly all into the free section of the Union,
it is not difficult to see the necessity that will soon
exist for additional free territory. Mr. Chairman,
in view of all these facts, I regret to say there are
those who think it too much to ask that Oregon
shall be free! And let it be remembered that com-
paratively a ritirII portion of thts immense terri-
tory can ever be the abode of civilization, lo ex-
pect, then, freemen to live on the bleak mountains
of Oiegon, (for I suppose slaves cannot live there,)
and lead a wandering pastoral life, and to surren-
der the valleys to the "peculiar institution," is a
little too much for our present ideas of civilization.
But, sir, if slavery be excluded from Oregon, I
think I have shown that there is still much greater
necessity for additional free than for slave terri-
tory.
Mr. Chairman, there are some individuals who
wish to be considered the advocates of free terri-
tory, and yet, by voting against any restriction of
slavery, virtually vote to propagate it where it does
not now exist. Such men gravely assert that sla-
very will regulate itself, and that it will stop ut 3C°
30' precisely. Sagacious men, to discover how
far this peculiar institution will-go, to an inch! But,
sir, slavery will and does so upon new soils whei-
ever it is permitted bv law. It is tound in Mis-
souri much above 36° 30'. It has, indeed,rcgit-
taleitilself in Maryland and Virginia, and eleewlure.
It has gone there; it has encumbered those Slates
for hundreds of years, and is not yet extinct. Sla-
very passes into a territory, if permitted bv law,
provided the soil is as good as that of the Willa-
mette valley, in Oregon, remains some five hun-
dred years, exhausts the earth it encumbers, and
then dies out. After this the poor while laborer
mav creep in. Is not this a slow and degrading
process in providing free territory for the white
laboring men of our own race?
Some gentlemen tell us also that the lancHn Ore-
gon and California and New Mexico is too poor to
be cultivated by slaves, and that slavery is prohib-
ited in those territories by nature. Knw, if gen-
tlemen are sincere ill this lemarlc, it seems to me
they can ha%e no objection to give it a legal sanc-
tion. Are they unwilling to say in the statute book
of the nation that they will give this poor land to
the use of the poor white man r If they cannot
assert it there, we have reason to doubt if they say
it seriously anywhere.
It is stated also that if no action is taken by
Congress the inhabitants will make the territory m
question free when it is formed into States, of.
this is a doctrine that if   <""" ,llR fn
borer.
Prohibit slavery in the
emigrate to them ? Free ■ - „,i fr.„
Noitli, free white laborers from the i .
not safe for the free la-
Prohibit slavery in the territories, and who will
t*— white laborers from tlie
from the South, and free
white laborers from l^.^ese^erri-
always preserve the soil hee. ^ ^ men w,„
tones open to slavery, ^ slaves wouW illto
go theie. ?ers.°n®Xdenl numbers to wield th.
the territories ^ control its legislation.
Theory J A. f- laborer will be found
