550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
' which was
military force, and for other purposes
^FRENCH asked that the bill might be put
upon its passage.
Mr. FARAN wished that the bill should be
amended so as to obviate an evil which had oc-
curred from the construction of the existing law.
The Commissioner of Pensions, Mr. P. was in-
formed, had refused certificates for bounty land to
volunteers, who, having performed their tour of
duty and. returned from Mexico, had, at their own
request, been discharged in some cases three or
four days, and in some even a day befoie the time
at which they would regularly have been dis-
charged according to the terms of their mustering
into service. Mr. F. considered this a great in-
justice to these men, and a palpable violation of the
spirit and intention of the law. These men had
honorably fulfilled their duiies, and the country
had no further need for their service; and as a
Were matter of personal convenience, they had
asked for a discharge some two or three days be-
fore the time, in some cases because it was easier
for them to reach their homes than if they had
gone to New Orleans to be regularly discharged
with the other volunteers. Ought they, on such
a ground as this, to be deprived of the reward
"which their country had provided for their ex-
posure, privations, and all the hardships they had
endured?
Mr. HARALSON thought it would be well that
-the bill should be referred to one of the standing
committees of the House. Mr. H. had not fully
understood the bill as read at the Clerk's table: and
with a view to having it examined with the cave it
ought to receive, he would move that it be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FRENCH said, that this bi'il had been re-
ported by the Committee on ihe Judiciary: its
provisions had undergone all the consideration
which was due to its importance. Mr. F. briefly
explained them.
Mr. HARALSON, understanding that the bill
frftd been considered by the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, withdrew his motion to commit.
Mr. WHITE renewed the motion to refer it to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
But the motion did not prevail.
Mr. COBB inquired of the Chair, how many
committees of the House had reported this bill?
Had it not been made the special order for a par-
ticular day?
The CHAIR was understood to reply, that a
bill had been reported on the same subject.
Mr. COBB (resuming) observed.'that a bill like
this had been reported by the Military Committee;
another by the Committee on Public Lands; and
now it came from the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. EVANS made some further explanations
aS to the bill, and the difference of his understand-
ing from that of Mr. French as to the construction
of the law granting bounty land to volunteers.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, observed, that
the fact that so many committees Imd reported this
bill, and all were in favor of its passage, presented
a very strong presumption that its provisions were
proper, and that it ought to become a law. None
of the bills reported was precisely identical with
this, yet the provision for the benefit of privates
who had been promoted to commissions for good
conduct while in actual service was to be found m
them all. The sentiment of the House in favor of
such persons receiving their bounty land as they
would have done had they remained in the ranks,
seemed to be nearly unanimous.
To judge of the propriety of putting such a de-
claratory construction 011 the original law, we must
look at the spurt of that law, and the object for
which it had been passed. Its object had been to
encourage enlistment; to encourage men to devote
themselves to the service of their country For
this purpose a bounty in land had been provided
for the common soldier who had faithfully dis-
charged his duty; and now to say that he should
no lunger be entitled to his land because he had
been elevated to a commission for his good be-
havior was directly against the spirit of the law,
and utterly subversive of the plainest dictates of
justice and of sound policy. Was this a likely
way to cherish enthusiasm for the military service
oi the country? Was it a very cheering reward
tor good conduct in the ranks to let the soldier
understand, that if his behavior was so meritorious
as to obtain for him the honor of a commission, he
most lose his fend; that because he had been made
an officer he must be worse oif than jf he had re- !
mained a private? How could sueh a proceeding j
be reconciled with common sense? He hoped that j
gentlemen would not, by referring the bill from
committee to committee, and by heaping amend-
ment upon amendment, destroy the bill. Yet that
was sure to be the result of such a course as some
gentlemen seemed inclined to pursue. If gentle-
men were not willing to let it be put at once upon
its passage, let it be passed by sections, piecemeal.
If it was again to be referred, other business would j
thrust it aside, and the session might pass away
without anything being done. He trusted no fur-
ther obstacles and delays would be interposed, but
that the bill might be passed at once.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, remarked that this
was a matter which he had before investigated,
having had the honor to report a similar bill from
the Committee on Public Lands, as would be re-
membered by the House. It was evidently proper
that this act should be passed, and not be clogged
with amendments incorporating other provisions.
He was extremely sorry, as he had been on a
former occasion, that his friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Pollock] desired to provide"in this bill for
the case ot the volunteers in the war of 1812—a
class of men, by the way, which did not exist at
a*), for there were no volunteers in the war of 1812.
But if there had been, they should be provided for
by a separate bill. If the bill now reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary prowded fully for
the cases of promotion from the tanks, he hoped
the House would pass it at once. He had no par-
ticular desire to press the bill he had leported. He
presumed the Committee on Military Affairs had
no particular desire to press this bill. He called
for the reading of the bill; and it having been read,
he was understood to express the opinion that it
would meet the cases for which it was intended,
and that it should pass.
Mr. HARALSON said he apprehended that he
would not be accused of opposition to the objects
to be attained by some one or other of these bills.
Two of them had already been reported and made
the special order for Tuesday next. Now, he
submitted whether it would not be best to make
tlus bill the special order for the same day? Let
the war of 1812. Hi« friend from Maryland said
there were no such men. He (Mr, L.) did not say
there were many, but he was very confident there
were some. His friend from Kentucky near him
[Mr. Oajnes] told him he himself was one.
There was still another proposition touching
this matter: that was, that persons entitled to
bounty land should by law be entitled to locate
these lands in parcels, and not be required to locate
them in one body, as was provided by the exist-
ing law.
Now, he had carefully drawn up a bill embra-
cing these three separate propositions, which he
intended to propose as a substitute for all these
bills in the House, or in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Unton, at some suitable time^
If there was a disposition on the part of the House
to act at once on this separate proposition, he re-
peated that, with the gentleman from Aikansas,
he should prefer it, lest they should lose all. But
if there was to be a reference, he desired tf> intro-
duce his bill embracing the three propositions, thus
enabling the committee and the House to act at the
same time, whether favorably or unfavorably, upor*
all. He inquired whether mi amendment was now
in order?
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
Mr. GrIDDINGS, in a few words, indistinctly
heard, was understood to make an app«aHn"be-
half of those sons of Kentucky, Ohio, a-nd other
States who fought in the war of 1812. They had
never received one acre of bounty land, and yet
gentlemen were urging upon the House the imme-
diate donation of bounty lands to those who had
served in the pre&ent war. He thought those who
defended our soil in 1812 were as meritorious as
those who had invaded the Mexican soil in 184$,
He hoped the motion to refer would prevail.
The question being taken, the bill was referred
to the Committee of the Whole oti the state of the
Union.
ADVANCES TO VOLUNTEERS.
On motion of Mr. HARALSON, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. £Cix&, of Georgia, in the
chair,) and proceeded to coj^sider the special order,
vi7.x the joint resolution "to refund money for
i m 1 , . . . J :i vi/., liic jwiiiL iColliULlt/l I L(j J clulJU H/(JIiKy iOjr
them aii come up, and let the whole matter be ex- j expenses incurred, subsistence of transportation
amined at once. He moved to make the bill the j: furnished, and money advanced by individual citi-
special Older for Tuesday next, and demanded the t zens 0f the United States, for the use of the vol-
pievious question. Hnteere, before or after being mustered into the
I e SPEAKER leminded the gentleman that service of the United States."
the previous question, if sustained, would cut olF
the motion to make it the special orifer, and brin.
t e House to a direct vote upon the bill.
Mr. HARALSON then withdrew the demand
for the previous question, adhering to the motion
to make it the special order.
The SPEAKER stated that the other two bills
were in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. HARALSON. I move to refer this bill,
then, to the same committee, and to make it the
special order for Tuesday.
The SPEAKER said it could only be made the
special order by general consent, except on Mon-
day.
Mr. HARALSON, in a brief explanation of the
bill, reviewed the provisions of existing joint reso-
lutions on this subject, pointing out their defects,
and advocating the passage of this joint resolution
as a remedy for those defects, and as a measure
urgently demanded by a sense of justice to those
individuals who had advanced moneys indispen-
sably necessary for the use of the volunteers, for
subsistence, transportation, &c. He trusted that
the joint resolution would pass withoiit a single
objection.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, moved to amend
it by inserting after the word "United States,"
where they fust occur, the words, "and to the
several States,1' so as to make the benefits of the
i/fv. i\/f-v/t T7 r> at a tvt Ti • i n i •  •!* -am oiciicfe, so as io roaKe tne u<
1,1 inquired if this bill, if . resolution apply to the several States as well as to
referred, would not come up with the other bills ,| individuals. , c a
0nN«6venfe sub-'?ct' , , : i Mr. B. said that some §2,500 had been paid out
£ HaVa SW hr the reporter. ,! 0f the fundsof his State forexpenses for volunteers.
Mi. HARALSON, however, moved the refer- The object of this amendment was to ensure its re-
order Walv,n° proposition to make a special turn. Thejointresolution as it stood, providing for
Mr' T I-vrnr lv , wi ,v > i ' refunding moneys to individuals, might perhaps be
• ' ,u ? U r'r l'lere was a general de- |! construed not to apply to the States. The claim
sire on the part of the House to pass the bill now, of his State had been referred to the War Depart
he should be glad to have it done—-concurring, as - — -  ■ ■ ■ "ep.sri
he did generally, with the gentleman from Arkan-
sas, [Mr. Johnson,] that the postponement mi<*ht
jeopard the safety of the proposition, if, how-
ever, a reference was to be made, he wished to
make a very few remarks in relation to the several
subjects desired by gentlemen to be embraced in .
amendments to the ninth section of the act of the !
last session of Congress. The first amendment I'
desired by members of this House had fonts only |!
object to give bounty lands to such persons as had 'i
served for a time as privates, but had never been !<
discharged as such, because promoted to office I1
1 hat subject, and no other, was embraced in this !'
bill. There were some others who desired, while i'
they were legislating on this subject, that they l!
should also give bounty lands to the volunteers' of I!
mem, and rejected or suspended,on the ground that
there was no law now in forcc authorizing its pay-
ment. He referred to the proviso of the joint res-
; olution, and expressed the opinion that it would
j be ail ample guarantee that no money should be
paid out of the treasury unless for expenses which
had necessaiily been incurred. With the amend-
i, ment proposed he favored the passage of the joint
j: resolution.
]; Mr. S. LAWRENCE moved to amend the
| amendment by adding, after the word " States,"
I; the words " cities or counties therein." Itwouid
then read, "and to the several States, cities or
counties therein."
Mr. BROWN accepted the modification.
After a few words of explanation between Mr. S.
LAWRENCE and Mr, BROWN of Mississippi—
