1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
553
for the extension of the ordinance of 1787 over it,
excepting that part which relates to slavery.
In 1820, the Missouri compromise was adopted,
Which, of itself, recognizes in Congress the power
to legislate on the subject; anil the history oftjje
times shows that every Northern State was then
opposed to the extension of slavery.
I will, however, allude to but one more author-
ity in proof of the position that Congress has power
over the subject, and that it is legitimately before
us. In the "Union" of the 25th of January, 1848,
we find an editorial, of which the following is a part:
" In regaid to the Wilmot Proviso, we need say but little.
That humbug has wellnigh exploded; but in its time it has
done much mischief to the Dcmociatic paity and the Ad-
ministration It was the workof an abler and more design-
ing man than Mr. Wilmot—we refer to Mr. Brinkerhoff, of
Olno. That gentleman has proclaimed himself to he us
' author, and has bequeathed it as a precious legacy to his
children. Mr. Wilmot was mereljr his agent, if Mr. Brink-
erhoff is to be believed. It was offered out of time and out
of place. It was calculated to embarrass the Administra-
tion ; and none of its true friends, however favorable to the
principle of the proviso, would thus liuve thrust it before the
House and the country, long before the question could arise
practically. This could not be until the period when Con-
gress should proceed to establish a territorial government
over any of our acquisitions."
Prom this, it will be seen that the editor of the
" Union," who is identified with the fathers of the
Democratic, party, and who, I presume, is opposed
to incorporating this provision in any territorial
bill,is still willing to admit, that when we are about
to establish a territorial government over any of
our territories, the question comes practically be-
fore us, and that it must be then met.
Sir, 1 have not sought the introduction of the
question here; I would riot do it; but being here,
without any agency of mine, and called upon, as
I am, to act in the matter, I shall now and hereaf-
ter do it independently, and in accordance with my
convictions of what is right. „
We are sometimes told that the action of those
Democrats from the North and "West who favor
these views is calculated to divide the Democratic
party of the country. Not so. My opinion is,
that this question ought not, and I trust will not,
enter into the party politics of the day. Whenever
you make the question of slavery, in any shape, a
political test, you do away with the old, well-
defined party lines, and array the North against
the South. This ought, and I have no doubt will
be avoided. In our action here, every man must
be governed by his own convictions of what is right
and duo to his constituents. I find fault with no
gentleman who differs with me. I make this ques-
tion no political test. My political preferences and
predilections are strongest in favor of those who
are known to the country as entertaining sentiments
different from those I express. Our action here
does not give creed to either party: we but carry
out, so far as we call, the wishes of those we rep-
resent. The people look to a ditFerent source for
a declaration of the principles that will govern our
action in the coming contest. And I now tell the
Democracy of the South, and the Democracy of
the North, that if the convention, which is soon to '
assemble, will avoid all interference with the sub-
ject of slavery, either by resolution or address,
there will be no difficulty in the Democratic party;
and whether the nominee be a proviso or anti-
proviso man, the Democracy of the West, at least,
f have full confidence, will present an unbroken
front in his support.
Having thus made these very few remarks m
explanation of what will be my action on that part
of the Oregon bill which proposes the exclusion of
slavery from that territory, I will proceed to give
my views at some length on the subject of the
war, which I do not so much for the purpose of
making them known here, as with a view to giving
them to my constituents.
One of the most important issues connected with
the war, and one which has elicited more feeling
and given rise to more vituperation not only here,
but throughout the country, is that which relates
to the commencement of hostilities. And, sir,
this is an issue raised not only by the respective
political parties of the country, but it is one fairly
made on your Journals between the present House
of Representatives and the twenty-ninth Congress.
On the 13th of May, 1846, Congress, in pursu-
ance oft> the power delegated to it under the Con-
stitution, declared that, " by the act of the Repub-
lic of Mcxico, a state of war exists between that
, Government and the United States."
On the 3d of January, 1848, the present House
of Representatives, by resolution, declared that
" the war was unnecessarily and unconstitution-
ally begun by the President of the United States."
Thus you have placed upon your records two acts
of legislation, utterly inconsistent with each other,
and one or the other of which alleges that which
is false in fact.
That the war was commenced by Mexico is the
position taken by the friends of the Administration
and the friends of the country generally. That it
was commenced by the President, is the position
assumed by the enemies of the Administration and
the enemies of the country. The former is the
American, the latter the Mexican side of the issue.
I propose, sir, to take the American side of this
question, and in doing it, I am not driven either to
an adoption of the correct and patriotic sentiment
of the immortal Decatur, " My country, may she
be always right;but right or wrong, my country;"
but, sir, I take this position from a deep conviction
that it is right, and I rejoice that such is my con-
viction, for under it, in my opinion, my beloved
country is not responsible for the dire calamities
of the war, the blood that has been spilled, the
lives that have been sacrificed, the misery that has
followed in its train. That responsibility rests,
where I trust in God it ever has and ever will rest,
in conflicts of arms to which this nation is a party,
viz: wifh the enemies of our country.
Did Mexico commence the war ? This question
involves an issue of fact, which must be decided
according to the testimony connected with it, and
which 1 propose to examine, commencing with
that furnished us by the Mexican people and
authorities. Before, however, proceeding to ex-
amine the evidence bearing upon this issue, per-
mit me to remark, that on the 6th day of March,
1845, and after the resolutions annexing Texas to
the Union had passed both Houses of Congress,
General Almonte, then minister to this Govern-
ment from Mexico, announced his mission at an
end, demanded his passports, and left the country;
thus leaving no tribunal for the settlement of our
difficulties but the last resort of nations, an appeal
to arms. And, sir, 1 most solemnly believe, that
but for this rash and imprudent act of the Mexican
minister, thereby interrupting all diplomatic rela-
tions, all matters in dispute might have been set-
tled by peaceful negotiation. But diplomacy once
suspended, all efforts at renewal proved but an
appliance of a lighted torch to the magazine that
wanted but a few sparks to produce an explosion.
At the time diplomacy was thus interrupted,
there were two subjects of difference between that
Government and this. The one resulted from the
repeated outrages committed by Mexico on the
persons and property of our citizens, the officeis
and flag of our nation; the other, from the annex-
ation which was about to be consummated.
It is not my purpose here to consume the time
of the committee m speaking of the first cause of
difficulty. It is a matter about which there is but
little difference of opinion; all agree, that in regard
to it, our Government exercised towards Mexico
a spirit of forbearance that is unparalleled in the
history of diplomacy, and which we would have
exercised towards no other nation of the world.
Even the warmest apologists of Mexico, here and
elsewhere, have not had the hardihood to justify,
or even excuse, her conduct in relation to this sub-
ject, except on the miserable, paltry grounds, that
in consequence of her financial embarrassments
and internal difficulties she was unable to do other-
wise. A poor, contemptible repudiation, excuse,
or justification. Sir, it will not be denied, that so
far as this difficulty has had anything to do with
bringing about a state of hostilities, Mexico alone
is responsible. She alone is in fault; but I will
admit to gentlemen, this alone is not the cause
of the war; that although her conduct in this mat-
ter would have justified this Government in a dec-
laration of hostilities, yet, judging from the spirit
of forbearance which has always characterized our
intercourse with Mexico, we have reason to be-
lieve, that as yet there would have been no open
rupture, had not other causes operated to bring
about our unfortunate difficulties.
Next, then, the annexation ofTexas. This, it
is said by the apologists of Mexico, was the re-
mote cause of the war; and I am frank to admit,
that if the opponents of the Administration had
confined themselves to this position, I would not
have differed With them. The whole history of
our difficulties is'evidence of the fact, that but for
the annexation, war might and probably would
have been avoided. But, sir, in making this ad*
mission, at the same time I wish it to be distinctly
understood, that 1 deny that the annexation was
a just cause of war. Mexico, it is true, pretended
to consider the annexation as a justification on her
part for the commencement of .hostilities; so did
some of the friends of Mexico in this country, at
the time; but, sir, it was not; because Texas had
declared and maintained her independence, and ac-
quired therefore the right of annexation; for, in
the language of Mr. Webster, in his despatch to
our minister in Mexico, as early as 1842, " from
' the time of the battle of San Jacinto, in April,
' 1836, to the present moment, Texas has exhibit*
' ed the same external signs of national independ* '
' ence as Mexico herself, and with quite as much
' stability of government. Practically free and in*
' dependent, acknowledged as a political sovereign-
' ty by the principal Powers of the world, no hos-
' tile foot finding rest within her territory for six
' or seven years, and Mexico herself refraining
' for all that period from any further attempt to re-
' establish her own authority over the territory;"
butnt was because Mexico, like some other Powers
at the time, actuated by the motives that controll-
ed the dog in the manger, could not brook the idea
of having the lone star brought within the circle of
the glorious constellation, and placed under the
protection of a power that cut off forever all hope of
subjugation. Sir, it was this feeling that made
Mexico bluster as she did. It was this that in-
duced England and France to unite their energies,
in the effort to procure from Mexico, as they did,
a proposition to acknowledge the independence of
Texas, provided she would not annex herself to
this Union. England has never yet foisotten the
struggle that gave birth and freedom to a Republic.
Occasionally she casts a wishful eye across the wide
Atlantic. Mexico is governed by the same feeling.
She, too, will never forget the revolution, the inde-
pendence, the annexation ofTexas. And as grows
that youngest sister in strength, in wealth, in influ-
ence and importance, so will increase in the bosom
of Mexicans the regret, the chagrin, the mortifica-
tion of the loss. If, then, the annexation was not
just cause of war, and Mexico seized upon that as a
pretext for the commencement of hostilities, and
with a view to satisfy the proud, haughty military
spirit which pervaded the bosoms of her people,
and which nothing but war would satiate, and
which, thanks to our gallant army, has been fully
satiated, she, and not we, is responsible for all the
calamities that have followed in its train. Sir,
that she did seize upon this as a justification for
her invasion ofTexas, and final commencement of
the war, is evidenced bv the declarations of all her
public men and authorities. She not only seized
upon it as a justification of hostilities on her part,
but audaciously pretended that she would con-
sider it equivalent to a declaration of war. As
early as 22d August, 1843, we were told by the
Mexican minister, " that Mexico will consider as
' a declaration of war against the Mexican Repub-
' lie the ratification of that agreement for the incor-
' poration ofTexas into the territory of the United -
' States, the certainty of the fact being sufficient
' for the immediate proclamation of the war."
Again, in September, 1843, the Mexican minis-
ter, speaking of the annexation treaty, said:
" But as it may happen that ambition and delusion may
triumph over just and sane ideas, and that the vigorous rea-
soning of Mr. J. &. Adams and bis co-laborers may be pow-
cilcss, how can il he considered strange and out of tho way
that Mexico should announce that she will regard the an-
nexation 01 Texas as an act or decollation of war?"
Again, on June 6, 1844, the Mexican minister,
in reply to a letter of Mr. Green proposing a set-
tlement of the question of boundaiy by negotia-
tion, said—
" That be was expressly authorized to inform Mr. Green
that Mexico, being most jealous of her rights, her dijrmty,
and her independence, and most attentive to wliatis due to
her soveieignty and integrity, is resolved to maintain, by
every means and in every respect, these fundamental titles,
preferring glory and honor always to degradation ana in-
famy." .
Again, on the 23d of June, 1844, the Mexican
minister wished to "know, in a clear and decisive
'manner, whether the troops which Mexico was
' sending on Texas would he opposed by those of
' the United States, either on sea or land, in order
'that the President of Mexico might regulate his
' conduct accordingly, as he was about to operate,
'in compliance with his duty,.for the occupation
' of Texas as an integrant poruon pf the Mexican
