ims.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
555
Again, in the report of the Secretary of War
ef the same date, we have the following informa-
tion:
li The ready acceptance on the part of Texas of the terms
of annexation proffered by this Government, excited the ill-
will of the Governmentof Mexico. That republic menaced
the immediate commencement of hostilities against the Uni-
ted States, and set on foot, as it was said, extensive prepa-
rations to invade and^subjugate Texas. Pursuant to >osr
directions, an army or occupation was assembled in that
State, and iijigadier General Taylor assigned to the com-
mand of it. lie was i nstructed to i epel Mexican aggressions,
and protect the country*from Indian invasions; to regard
the Rio del Norte as its wet-tern boundaiy; and to select a
position for his forces with reference to*this frontier; but
to leave unmolested Mexican settlements, and also military
pos-ts, should there be any such posts on the east bank of
that river, which were in the occupation of Mexican foices
previously to the period when Texas assented, to the terms
of annexation.5'
Here, sir, you had official information of all that
was going on for months before you were called
upon to give the vote. The newspapers of the
country were filled with articles giving the move-
ments of the respective armies, and every man,
woman, and child, over the broad expanse of the
nation, was lookingfor a collision of arms. When
the message of the 11th of May, 3846, read from
your desk, giving a detailed account of all that had
occurred, announced the fact that a collision of arms
had taken place—that American blood had been
shed upon American soil—that patriotism which
had been buried beneath the ashes of political ani-
mosity, and bound down by the shackles of party-
ism, burst forth in all its American purity. In the
midst of this Hall there was a political millenium;
the news went forth from every opening, and, car-
ried with the rapidity of lightning to the remotest
corner of the country, the people caught the fire,
and with the rapidity of lightning sent back a re-
sponse. And, sirs, before you could again bind
down and fcover up that patriotism which had burst
forth, you gave the vote.
Sirs, you had not only the newspapers of the !
country, the messages of December, 1845, and :
May, 1846, the report of the Secretary of War, j
the declarations of General Taylor, that gallant old
hero, but you had the testimony of some of your
friends in Mexico on the subject.
In the proclamation of General Mejia, tp which
I, have already referred, and which accompanied
the message of May, 1846) we have a repetition of
what had frequently escaped the lips of Mexican
allies in this country. And whether General Me-
jia, or gentlemen here, are guilty of plagiarism, I
leave for them to settle, only quoting from his
proclamation for then* consideration the following
language;
"The Cabinet of the United States does not, however,
fetop in its caieer of usuipation. Not only due* it umpire to
the possession of the deparimeiitof Texas, but it covets also
the n gions on the left b.mk of the Kio Dr.ivo "
u lis army hitherto tor some time fvt.uiwned at Corpus
Chricti, i> now advancing to take possesion of u large putt
ol Tanmuhpas."
Again he says:
e{ The limits of Texas are. certain and recognized ; never
baye they extended beyond the river Nueces."
How much like the arguments that come from
that side of the House. The same sentiments are
found in the letter of Janes Cardenas, dated the
21st of March, 1846, and which also accompanies
the message of May 1J. Still gentlemen say they
were taken by surprise.
Another position taken by gentlemen on the op-
posite side is, that they voted for the bill ot 1846,
with a view to rescue General Taylor and his small
but patriotic command. Now, however ignorant
gentlemen may have been as to thecommencement
©f hostilities, there was one thing of which they
wfere not ignorant, and that was, that a state of
war then existed, and had been commenced by
one or the other of the belligerent parties. In our
action here, we are presumed, at least, to propor-
tion our means to the ends we have in view. We
are told, sir, that the end m view was to rescue our
- brave little aimy on the Rio Grande. What were
the me.ms? By the first section of the law, we are
told that it was 4t for the purpose of enabling the
* Government of the United States to prosecute
4 said war to a speedy and successful termination."
Here, sir, is the object Congress had in view; it
was, to put a speedy and successful end to the
war. Well, sir, what were the means to be em-
ployed for that purpose? The section continues,
that " the President be, and he is hereby, autho-
* rized to employ the militia, naval and military
« forces of the United States, and to call for and
* accept the services of any number of volunteers,
* not exceeding fifty thousand, who may offer their
' services, either as cavalry, artillery, infantry, or
* riflemen, to serve twelve months after they shall
' have arrived at the place of rendezvous, or to the
1 end of the war, unless sooner discharged, aecord-
* ing to the^ time for which they shall have been
( mustered into the service; and that the sum of
* ten millions of dollars, out of any moneys in the
4 treasury or to come into the treasury, not other-
wise appropriated, be, and the same is hereby,
* appropriated for the purpose of carrying the pro-
* visions of this act into effect."
Now, sir, here it is seen, that the object, or end
in view, being a speedy termination of the war,
the means that are provided are proportioned to
the end. Why, say gentlemen, it was to rescue
General Taylor; furnish him a kind of escort, or
body-guard, to bring him back in safety. Send
out the army, the navy, the militia, and fifty thou-
sand volunteers; employ them for twelve months,
at an expense of ten millions of dollars, to bring
home a mere handful of men! Why, sir, any man
who will stoop to such a low, grovelling, miser-
able, contemptible argument, cannot have any
respect for the body of which he is a member, or
for the intelligence of the people.
Sir, that law was passed more on the recom-
mendations of General Taylor than of any other
man. The President's message but repeated the
requests of the brave old hero in his letter of April
26, 1846, He wanted no body-guard to bring him
home. He is made of better mettle than that. He
said, "hostilities had commenced, and he would
' prosecute the war with energy, and carry it, as
1 it should be, into the enemy's country;" and, in
order to enable him to do it successfully, he wanted
you to "pass a law authorizing the President to
raise volunteers for twelve months," and you did
it.
And now, having said thus much as to the pal-
pable inconsistency of the course of some members
on that side of the House, 1 propose to come di-
rectly to the point, and inquire whether the Presi-
dent, in ordering the army under General Taylor
from Corpus Christi to the Rio Grande, transcend-
ed his constitutional duties; and thereby unneces-
sarily involved the country in a war.
The President, by the Constitution, is made
commander-in-chief of the army of the United
States; and Judge Story, in commenting on this
provision, says—
" The command and application of the public force to ex-
ecute the law.-, to maintain peace, arid to re-ist (oiei^u m-
va-ion, aie powers so obviously of an execunve n.ituie, mid
require the exerei^e ol'fiuuliiie*: so peculiarly adapted to tins
depai tmenl, that a well-organized government can scarcely
cai.*1 when UiC) are t.iken away tiom ii."
Again, the Constitution declares, that Congress
shall have the power u to provide for calling forth
( the nnlitia to execute the laws of the Union, sup-
press insurrections, and repel invasions." Ac-
cordingly, in 1795, in pursuance of this authority,
and to give it practical operation, Congress provi-
ded by law, 'i that whenever the United States shall
* be invaded, or be m imminent danger of invasion,
* from any foreign nation or Indian tribe, it shall
' be lawful for the President to call forth such num-
* ber of the militia of the State or States most con-
' venient to the place of danger or scene of action
( as he may judge necessary to repel such invasion,
4 and to issue his order for that purpose to such
' officer or officers of the militia as he shall think
* proper.''
This is the Constitution and law on the subject,
and it is not denied that the President did right in
ordering General Taylor as far westas the Nueces;
but it is claimed that in ordering the troops from
the Nueces to the Rio Grande he transcended his
power: first, because the territory between the two
rivers clearly belonge'd to Mexico; and, secondly,
if it did not, it at all events was disputed territory.
Did the territory belong to Mexico? This involves
the question of title, which must be decided in this
case, according to the law regulating titles by right
of revolution. This position has been conceded,
I believe, by all the gentlemen who have spoken
on the other side; and I therefore maintain that if
Texas, by right of revolution, acquired title to any
territory, she acquired title to all she claimed* and
that, in her claim, she made no distinction between
that beyond and on this side of the Nueces.
Now, let us apply the facts, going no further back
than to the commencement of the revolution. -In
1834* Santa Anna,, under the hypocritical pretence
of the public good, destroyed the federal constitu*
tion of Mexico, and on its ruins established a
central despotism. The Legislature of Texas.and
Coahuila protested against this act of usurpation.
By order of Santa Annaf General Cos, at the head
of the army, broke up the Legislature, imprisoned
some of the members, and established his head-
quarters at San Antonio. Hostilities having been
thus commenced,and the government overthrown,
the people of Texas, in their sovereign capacity,
resolved on revolution. On the 15th of August,
1835, a meetingat Columbia " resolved, thata con-
sultation of nil Texas, through her representatives,
is indispensable," and appointed a committee of
safety to prepare an address to all the jurisdictions
of Texas, requesting: them to cooperate in the call of
a consultation of all Texas. On the 16th of October,
the consultation met, and, on the 7th of November,
unanimously adopted a declaration of rights, in
which they solemnly declare, that they have taken
up arms in defence of their rights and liberties; that
Texas is no longer, morally or civilly, bound by
the compact of union, and that they would not
cease to carry on war so Ion? as Mexican troops
remain within the limits of Texas. On the 13th
of November, a committee appointed for that pur-
pose, submitted a constitution for the regulation of
the Provisional Government, one article of which
is in these words:
" Ample power and authority shall be delegated, and art?
hereby given and delegated, to the Governor and General
Council of the Provisional Government of alt Texas to carry
into full effect the piovisions and insolations adopted by the
consultation of the ehomm delegate* of all Tern* in general
convention assembled, for the creation, regulation, and es-
tablishment of the said Provisional Government."
I wish now to call the attention of gentlemen to
this fact, that in all these initiatory proceedings the
word all is prefixed to the word Texas, clearly in-
dicating that they designed including Texas not
only to (he Nueces,but to the Rio Grande. Butwo
nre not leftto mere inference on thissubject. On the
27th of November, 1835, the Provisional Govern-
ment having gone into operation, Mr. Millard,
from the Committee on Finance, made a report, in
which he says:
u In this State, we find ourselves, with every basis of per-
manent income, and every source of revenue of a civilized
people, possessing an area of 25QjOOO square miles of teni-
tory," &c.
Again:
" What are the resources of Texas? and what do they
consist of? If a geographical test only were applied, the an-
swer would soon be ttfven. Point to the map, and compare
the area ofTexaAvith that of any Stale of the United States
of America, and we will find that she comprises within her
limitt as much tcrritoiy as lour of the laryct Slates of the
tfnioa put together, to wit: New York, Pennsylvania, Vir-
ginia, and Ohio."
" The ir hole of Texas, comprised between the Sabine and
the Iiio Grande, i-; computed to contain 250,000 tquaie
miles."
Here, then, we have a key to the whole matter,
| expressly declaring that the " all of Texas," 01* the
" whole of Texas,'% meant Texas to the Rio Grande.
And now, sir, having shown, from the initiatory
proceedings of the people of Texas, in their sov-
ereign and legislative capacity, that they determin-
ed to resist the usurpations of Santa Anna, and in
that resistance claimed all the territory between the
Sabine and Rio Grande, let us inquire whether by
right of revolution they perfected that claim.
In the fall of 1835, General Cos, who, as I said,
had taken up his headquarters at San Antonio,
was forced into a capitulation, and on the 11th of
December, 1835, articles of capitulation were en*
tered into by commissioners chosen by the com-
manders of the respective forces, and which were
on the same day ratified by Generals Cos and Bur-
leson, in person.
1 read from that agreement the 1st and the 14th
stipulations, as follows:
" 1st. That General Cos and his officer? retire, with their
arms and private property, into the interior of the .Republic,
under parole ot honor, that they will not in any way oppose
the establishment «f the Federal Constitution ofl824."
, " 1-lth. General Burleson will furnish General Cos .with
such provisions as can be obtained, necessary for his troops
to the Rio Grande, at the ordinaly pnec of the country.
Thus it will be seen that even before the people
of Texas determined on a separate national exist-
ence, and while they were yet fighting for the res-
toration of the constitution of 1824 ,the Rio Grande
was made and recognized as the dividing line.
After the defeat and surrender of General Cos,
Santa Anna himself took command of the Mexi-
can forces, and immediately began to advance to-
wards the Rio, Grande. The Texan army began
