1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
557
Here, then, we have four different communica-
tions to General Taylor, the substance of which
are, that he shall prepare to remove his force3 to
Texas, that, in the event that Texas accedes to
the resolutions of annexation, and Mexico at-
tempts an invasion, he may be prepared to repel
the Mexican forces; that to this end his ultimate
destination will be the Rio Grande; that he shall,
without delay, approach some point near that river,
but in his march to be careful not to interrupt the
Mexican pifsts or settlements on this side; and
that, to this end, a part of his troops shall he west of
the Nueces.
Now, let us look for a moment at General Tay-
lor's reply to these several communications.
On the 20th July, 1845, he acknowledged the
receipt of the letter of the 8th, and, after speaking
of the instructions relative to the Mexican settle-
ments on the east side the Rio Grande, he adds:
"These instrGetions will be closely obeyed, and the de-
partment miiy rest assured that I will take no step to inter-
rupt the friendly relations between the United States and
Mexico."
Now, sir, it has frequently been said, that the
instructions of the 8th were an admission that Mex-
ico had possession of the country on the left bank
of the Rio Grande; and it is true that the Presi-
dent was informed that there were some military
posts there; but he never acknowledged their ri^ht
to be there, and only cautioned General Taylor,
that, so long as the relations of peace continued,
he should not interfere with them, as it was un-
necessary to do so, and a different course might
bring on a collision of arms, which he wished, if
possible, to avoid. That General Taylor so un-
derstood these instructions, is very evident from
the language of his reply.
On the 15th of August, 1845, he acknowledged
the receiptor the letters of July 28 and 30; and
then adds:
"lam gratified to find that my measures thus fjir have
met with the approbation 01'the (Sovernincnt mid gcneinl-
in-ohief; and, parlu ulnrlu, to find thai I have hut anticipated
the wishes of the Presidenl in taking up a position west of
the Nueee-s."
General Taylor, in his letter of October 4, first
gives his reasons why he did not comply with Mr,
Bancroft's instructions of June 15, directing him
to take up his quarters near the Rio Grande, and
■why he stopped at Corpus Christ!. He then gives
his reasons why that had proved to be the best
point, and then says:
" For these reasons, our position thus far hu«, I think,
beea the be^t pos-ible ; but now that the entire force will lie
soon concenliaU'tl, it may well lie a iiuestiou whether the
views of Government will lie best curried out by our rcinnui-
inS at this point. Ii is with Rrcnl deference that I malse any
sujjgesiions on topics winch may become matter^ of deheaie
negotiation ; lint if our Government, in Minima tile l|(!estioti
of bouudiuy, make*, the tine of the ttio (Jiaude an nitiaiatum,
I cannot doubt that the settlement will be greatly facilitated
and hastened by our taking possesion at once ot one or two
suitable points on or quite near that iivcr."
And then, after giving his reasons for this opin-
ion, he adds:
"Mexico having as yet made no positive declaration or
war. or committed any overt net of ho.-tihties, I do not fed
at liberty, under my instructions, particularly those of July
8; to make a forward movement to the JRio Grande, without
authoaty ftoin the War Depaitment."
On the 24th October, Commodore Conner wrote
General Taylor, infoi ming him that " the Mexican
* Government had accepted the proposal made by
* that of our country to arrange the existing' difR-
c cullies by negotiation," and that the information
bad been despatched to Washington.
On the 7th of November, General Taylor writes
to the War Department; encloses a copy of Com-
modore Conner's letter; acknowledges the receipt
of the letter of October 16; said he had declined
answering it fully until he got an answer to his of
October 4, which covered in part the same ground.
He then adds:
"The now;! from Mexico, however, tends to modify, in
some degree, the views expressed in that communication,
(October 4.) The position now occupied by the troops may,
perhaps, he the best while negotiations are pending, or, at
any rate, until a disposition shall be manifested by Mexico
•to protract them unreasonably. Under the supposition that
such may be the view of the department, I shall make no
movement from thu point, except for the purpose of exam-
ining the country, until further instructions aie received."
Now, Mr. Chairman, there have been various
constructions given to this correspondence, and
especially to the letters of October 4 and Novem-
ber 7. My own opinion is, that no gentleman has
given the true construction. On the 4th of October,
General Taylor gave it as his opinion,,that up to
that time Corpus Christi was the best point that
he could possibly have occupied. After stating
what the instructions of June 15 were, and that
Point Isabel would have fulfilled more fully than
any other position the ^conditions imposed by the
Secretary of War, he goes on and gives the reasons
why he did not take that position:
" He had no artillery, no engineer force or appliances, and
but a moderate amount of infantry. Under these circum-
stances, the occupation of Point Isabel might have compro-
mised the safety of his command. I therefore (says he)
determined to take up the next accessible position in the
rear, which is the mouth of the Nueces river."
All the information which he had obtained be-
fore leaving New Orleans, seemed to point to Cor-
pus Christi as the most suitable point for concen-
tration. And, although, before the instructions of
July 30 had reached him, he would have preferred
a position on the left bank of the river, yet a
careful examination of the country had already
convinced him that none could be found combin-
ing so many advantages as this—that every day's
experience had confirmed these impressions. Cor-
pus Christi is healthy, easily supplied, well situa-
ted to hold in observation the Rio Grande, from
Matamoros to Laredo. A salutary moral effect
was exercised on the Mexicans. The traders carry
home favorable news of our camp and discipline.
" For these reasons our position thus far has been
' the best possible; but now that the entire force will
'soon be concentrated, it may well be a question
'whether the views of Government will be best car-
ried out by our remaining-at this point." Now,
sir, let me here ask, what are the views of Gov-
ernment which he thought would not he best car-
ried out by his remaining at Corpus Christi ? I
answer, Ihey are found in pievious communica-
tions. They consist in this, that our Government
claimed the llio Giande as our western boundary,
and was determined to maintain that claim. This
is clear from the language of Secretary Marcy, in
his letter of October 16, when he tells General
Taylor—
" Previous instructions will have put you in possession of
the view.* of the Government of the United States, not only
as to the extent of its territorial claims, but of its determina-
tion to o<tteU them. In earrjing out those instruction*, you
will he lelt very much to your own judgment, by icahou of
your superior knowledge of localities, and the earlier notice
you may receive of the probable viowa of Mexico and the
movements of her troops."
These are the views of Government to which he
alludes, and above everything else is the protection
of Texas up to the Rio Grande. He then adds:
"It is with great deference that I make any suggestions
on topics winch may become matter of delicate negotiation;
but H our Government, m settling the (jurstion of boundaiy,
makes thit line of ihe Rio Grande oui uUunntum, I cannot
doubt but the settlement will he greatly facilitated and hast
rued by tiur taking po-t esMon at onee of one or t\\ o suita-
ble points on or (pate near that river."
And now, sir, let me here ask, what kind of set-
tlement does he allude to? 1 answer, settlement
by negotiation. And why will that be facilitated
and hastened by taking position on the Rio
Grande? It will be hastened and facilitated, or, in
other words, it will bring about negotiation, and
facilitate it when brought about, for the reason
that 14 our strength and preparation will be dis-
played in a manner not to be misunderstood."
,{ However salutary may be the effect produced
' upon the border people by our presence here, we
1 are too far from the frontier to impress the Gov-
* ernment of Mexico with our readiness to vindi-
' cate by force of arms, if necessary, our title to the
' country as far as the Rio Grande." These are
the reasons why a position on or near the river
will bring about negotiation. Let us display our
force, and let them know what our intentions are.
But under his instructions he does not feel autho-
rized to make the move without further directions
from the War Department.
1 repeat it, sir, the object that General Taylor
had in view in ordering a removal of the troops
from Corpus Christi to the Rio Grande, was to
bring about a negotiation for the settlement of our
difficulties with Mexico. The gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Cobb] seemed to think that he al-
luded to the particular negotiation which was soon
after proposed. I do not think so. General Tay-
lor knew nothing of the intended effort at negoti-
ation at the time he wrote his letter of October 4.
His position was stronger than this. It was not
that Mexico would accede to our proposition to
negotiate. No, sir, no. It was that Mexico, see-
ing our determination to assert and maintain our
line up to the Rio Grande, would induce her to
make the offer of negotiation. But we are told
that the letter of November 7 modifies that of
October 4. It does, sir. It modifies itjustsofar
as there has been a change of circumstances in the
mean time. On the 6th of November General Tay-
lor received a letter from Commodore Conner,
informing him that Mexico had accepted a propo-
sition to arrange the existing difficulties^negoti-
ation; and then, on the 7th of November, writing
to the War Department, enclosing Commodore
Conner's letter, and mentioning his views as ex-
pressed in the letter of the 4th, he adds:
" The intelligence from Mexico, however, tends to modi-
fy, in some degree, the views expressed in thai communi-
cation. The position now occupied by the troops may,
perhaps, be the be t while negotiations are pending, or, at
any rate, until a disposition shall be manifested by Mexico
to protract them unreasonably. (Jnder the supposition that
such may be the view of the department, I shall make no
movement from this point until further instructed."
Now, sir, let us see how beautifully these letters
correspond, and how positively they recommend
the same policy. ^ On the 4th of October, no propo-
sition for negotiation pending, he writes to the
department and tells them, if you intend to make
the Rio Grande an ultimatum, move your troops
up to it, display your force, and your determina-
tion to maintain your rights, and it will be the
means of hastening, bringing about, and facilita-
ting negotiation. But, on the 7th of November,
propositions'for negotiation then having been made
and accepted, the reasons for removing the troops
no longer exist; Mexico agrees to treat without
| being induced to it by a display of our forces on
the Rio Grande; and, inasmuch as it is no longer
necessary to move for the purpose of bringing
! about negotiation, therefore, the position now occu-
pied is perhaps the best, while negotiations are
pending, or, at least, until she manifests a dispo-
sition to protract them unreasonably; but then, so
so soon as negotiation ends or is unreasonably
protracted, move your forces to the Rio Grande.
And now, having thus given my views of the
correspondence between the War Department and
General Taylor, up to the 7th of November, 1845,
let us turn our attention for a moment to what was
transpiring at the capital of Mexico.
On the 15th of September, 3845, Mr. Black, our
consul at the city of Mexico, was directed to pro-
pose to the Mexican Minister of Foreign Relations
a renewal of the diplomatic relations between the
two Governments.
On the 15th of October, 1845, he received an
answer, acceding to the propositions of our Gov-
ernment, accompanied with a request that our
squadron be ordered out of the port of Vera Cruz,
and that the person sent to negotiate a settlement of
existing difficulties should be endowed with quali-
ties proper to the attornment of such ends.
On the lOih of November, 1845, Mr. Slidell was
sent on his mission, and on the 21-st of December
following was rejected by Herrera's Government.
And now here I wish to remark, that from a very
careful examination of the correspondence in which
Mr. Black, Mr. Slidell, and the Mexican minister,
Mr. Pena y Pena, were the parties, I have no
doubt it wns the wish of General Herrera that
diplomacy should be renewed, with a view to a
peaceful settlement of all our difficulties. But, sir,
he very soon discovered the difficulties surround-
ing him; he soon discovered that some of the mil-
itary spirits of the country were resolved first upon
an overthrow of his Government, and next upon
a war with this country. This was in accordance
with the feelings of a large majority of the people,
and his pacific overtures were seized upon by Pa-
redes as a pretext upon which to place himself in
power. Herrera saw the storm gathering around
his head. He knew the lever that was being used
against him. He had not the moral courage to
meet the crisis; and on the 30th December, 1845,
without a struggle, quietly yielded up the Govern-
ment to the war influence of the country, with Pa-
redes at its head. And, sir, any gentleman who
will carefully examine the history of this whole
affair will be forced irresistibly to the conclusion,
that with the first rejection of Mr. Slidell and over-
throw of Herrera's Government ended all hope of
peaceful negotiation.
It will be" borne in mind, that one of the errors
into which Herrera was led, in part by his own
pusillanimity, and in part by the force of circum-
stances, was, that he submitted the proposition as
to the reception or rejection of Mr. Slidell to what
was termed the Council of Government. He sought
