558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
to escape the responsibility Of action, by shifting
it upon the shoulders of others, at the same time
anxious that they should receive our minister,
with the hope that in that event he could retain
his power.
On the 17th of December, 1845, Mr. Slid ell be-
came satisfied as to the result, and accordingly
wrote to Mr. Buchanan, giving a detailed account
of all that had taken place; enclosed copies of his
correspondence; and, on the next day, added, by
way of postscript, that he had received a paper
containing the decision of the Council of Govern-
ment against his reception, and which paper lie
also enclosed. This intelligence was received at
the War Department on the 12th of January, 1846;
and on the day following, a letter Was sent to Gen-
eral Taylor, ordering him to move from Corpus
Christi to the left bank of the Rio Grande; and
this order is said to have been the immediate cause
of the war.
Mr. Chairman, it is not my wish tp pursue this
subject any further. I trust I have shown that
Mexico commenced the war, and is responsible for
the evils that have followed in its train; that the
title to our territory was perfect to the left bank of
the Rio Grande; that it was the duty of the Presi-
dent to resist invasion up to that line; that the order
of the 13th of January was in strict accordance
with the previously expressed opinions of General
Taylor; that all efforts at negotiation had failed;
that Mexico had concentrated her forces with the
avowed purpose of invading and subjugating Tex-
as; and that it therefore became the imperative duty
of the President to meet the crisis. He did meet
it, and the nation will sustain the act.
The question was then put on the amendment
of Mr. McClelland, and it was adopted.
Mr. FICKLIN moved to add at the end of the
resolution the following proviso:
Provided, That notlims; in this act contained shall he so
construed a? to require the payment of any expenses incur-
red prior to the organization of companies by tiio election of
their officers.
Mr. G1DDINGS moved to amend the bill by
inserting before the words," Provided, however,
the words, "and such as are allowed by law to
the troops of the United States." Rejected.
Mr. RUMSEY moved to strike out of the reso-
lution the words, " or for money advanced to the
commanding officers of any regiment, battalion, or
company,for the purpose aforesaid.'' Agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to add at the
end of the resolution the following:
Provided, further, Tint nothing herein contained shall be
construed to authorize the refunding of any money than suell
as would have been paid or advanced by the proper ollieers
ef the United States, had such officers heen present.
Mr. JONES explained his amendment.
After a few remarks by Messrs. BROWN,
of Mississippi, DICKINSON, MILLER, and
i? Ri\. [_/ p S—
The committee rose and reported progress.
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 29, 1848.
Mr. MILLER, presented a resolution of the
Legislature of New Jersey, in favor of a law to
provide for the reimbursement of expenses incur-
red by William Napton and Alexander P. Arnold
in raising a company of volunteers to serve in the
Mexican war; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
memorials and petitions.
Mr. HALE presented a petition from citizens
of New Hampshire, asking a reduction of postage
to one cent on papers and two cents on letters;
which was teferred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Also, a petition from citizens of Pennsylvania,
for the abolition of slavery in the United States;
the motion to receive which was laid on the ta-
ble.
Mr. DIX presented a petition from the Society
for the Reformation of Juvenile Delinquents, ask- :
ing to be released from a judgment obtained against ''
them by the United States for the purchase money !
stipulated to be paid for the property now occupied '
as a house of refuge; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BENTON presented a petition from Rebec-
ca Heald, asking compensation for property de-
iti'oyed daring the war with Great Britain; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
Also, a petition from citizens of Missouri, ask-
ing the "right of preemption to certain lands settled
and cultivated by them; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Land Claims.
Mr. BELL presented two memorials from citi-
zens of Tennessee, all numerously signed, asking
an appropriation for the repair of the dam at Cum-
berland Island, in the Ohio river.
Mr. BELL explained that this petition was nu-
merously signed by some thousands of persons,
masters of boats, merchants, traders, planters, &c.;
and their object was to obtain an appropriation for
the repair of the dam at the head of Cumberland
Island, in the Ohio river. That dam was erected
about fifteen years ago, and had answered the
purpose of its construction until within the last
two or three'years, when, in consequence of dam-
age caused by the freshets, a breach had been made
in it; the effect of which had been a great incon-
venience to the public, and much injury to vessels
navigating the river. Unless some repair should
speedily be made, the navigation would be entire-
ly stopped, to the great injury of all the western
States, the trade from which took that direction.
The original intention of the construction, which
was to throw the channel towards the left bank of
the river, had been entirely thwarted by the injury
received by the dam. Great losses had already
occurred, exceeding in amount the original cost of
the work. Boats had' frequently been placed in
imminent danger, and, on one occasion, some two
years ago, he was himself exposed to great peril,
having been for some four-and-twenty hours sus-
pended between life and death He stated that an
appropriation for the repairs of the dam would not
be liable to the constitutional objections of the
President; and his o.nly apprehension was, that it
would encounter opposition from those interested
in smaller but rival works. He trusted, however,
that the great importance of this object to all the
western States, would enable it to triumph over all
opposition.
The memorials were then referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. CRITTENDEN likewise presented several
memorials from Kentucky and Illinois, m relation
to the same, and drew the attention of the Senate,
and the committee in particular, to the necessity
for the rejiair of the dam; which were referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. ALLEN, in pursuance of notice, obtained
leave to bring in a joint resolution giving the con-
gratulations of Congress to the French people,
(published in yesterday's proceedings.)
The resolution was read, and the Secretary was
proceeding to read it a second time; when—
Mr. MILLER objected to the second reading,
unless for the purpose of reference.
Mr. ALLEN could see no necessity for a refer-
ence. If the second reading was objected t'o, that
put a stop to present proceeding. He should, how-
ever, move to have the resolution printed for the
use of the Senate; which was agreed to.
Mr. ASHLEY, in pursuance of notice, intro-
duced a bijl explanatory of the act entitled " An
act to raise, for a limited time, an additional mili-
tary force, and for other purposes; which was read
twice, and preferred to the Committee on Military
Atfairs.
i reports from committees.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, reported House bill to change
the location of certain light-houses and buoys, with-
out amendment.
Mr. D. said he had been instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to ask that the bill might be
immediately considered; when, after explaining its
object, which was simply to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to change the locations of cer-
tain light-houses and buoys, the motion was agreed
to, and the bill read a third time and passed.
Mr. CASS, from the Committee on Military !
Affairs, reported House bill for the relief of Colonel
Robert Wallace, without amendment. ;
resolutions.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, ;
Resolved, That the President be requested to transmit to
the Senate any documents or evidence on file in anv ol the i
Executive depaitmunu relative to the seivieos ot Captain '
Modi-linn's company of Florida volunteers in the year I
1S40. J |
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Breese on the 23d instant, was taken up arid
adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of Warhe directed to inform
the Senate what quantity of public land has been reserved
from sale and settlement at and near Fort Snel}in£j,«n *he
Upper Mississippi river; stating the quantity on each hank
of the river so reserved; the purpose fo which the lands are
devoted ; the amount of force at that po*t, averaging it for
the last five years ; and whether, in his opinion, the lands
reserved on the east bank of the river are really for any
military purposes. %
The bill from the House making appropriations
for the current'and contingent expenses of the In-
dian Department, &c., was read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
On motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN", the bill
concerning the Supreme Court of the United States,
ij &c., was taken up, and made the special order for
Friday.
California claims.
On motion of Mr. CASS, the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill for ascertaining and paying
certain claims in California.
Mr. DIX addressed the Senate as follows:
Mr. President: The transactions out of which
the claims provided for by the bill under consider-
ation arose, were explained yesterday in the brief
j but very pertinent and lucid remarks of the honor-
j able Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] as chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, before .
i which the testimony substantiating the claims was
| taken. I hold in my hand the printed document
ij containing this testimony, and before I sit down I
! will read some portions of it to the Senate, though
I may perhaps but present what is familiar to all.
I do not know that any explanation further than
that which has already been given by the honor-
able Senator from Michigan is necessary to vindi-
cate the propriety of passing the bill. The pecu-
■; niary obligations, for the discharge of which it
jj provides, were contracted in good faith, for the
ji purpose of subduing the country and of expelling
'; from it the military forces of Mexico. In the ex-
j I ecntion of these objects, the young and aceom-
plished officer at the head of our troops, Colonel
!, Fremont, exhibited a combination of energy,
j promptitude, sagacity, and prudence, which indi-
cates the highest capacity for civil and military
: command; and, in connection with what he has
' done for the cause of science, it has given him a
reputation at home and abroad of which men much
older and more experienced tiian himself might
, well be proud. That the country will do justice
I1 to his valuable and distinguished services I enter-
|| tain not the slightest doubt.
The objects accomplished by Colonel Fremont,
I as subsequent developments have shown, were far
I more important than those I have referred to.
| There is no doubt that his rapid and decisive
| movements kept California out of the hands of
I British subjects, and perhaps out of the hands of
j: the British Government; and it is in this point of
j, view that I desire to piesent the subject to the
Senate. If these transactions stood alone, if they
constituted an isolated case, I might not deem it
j necessary to call attention to them. But as a part
l' of a system to all appearances deliberately entered
! upon and steadily pursued, it seems to me that
,1 they may justly claim a more extensive consider*
;| ation than would otherwise be due to them.
While discussing the bill to raise an additional
: military force in January last, I stated some facts
I in illustration of the encroachments of Great Brit-
]! ain on the southern portion of the North American
j! continent. I alluded particularly to her movements
■ j on the Mosquito coast, wheie she is establishing
I; herselfunder the pretence of giving protection to an
^ insignificant tribe of Indians, but in reality to «;ain
!, possession of a territory not only in tiinsiCcd"Jy\ alua-
ble 011 account of its natural products, but doubly
so to her on account of its advantages of position,
j This occupation does not rest upon the ground of
an original establishment on territory unreclaimed
from its primeval solitude, or even on territory
|j not reduced to actual possession by its first discov-
| erer.^ It i« a portion of the old Spanish dominion
in Noith America, constituting, after the dissolu-
tiori of the empire of Spain in the western hemi-
' sphere, a part of the confederation of Central Amer-
ica, and now an integral part of the States of
| Honduras and Nicaragua: and if the power of
Spam had continued unbroken, this unjustifiable en-
croachment would not have been heard of. I stated
i on a former occasion that the territory occupied in
