THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED
AND PUBLISHED AT
THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY
BLAIR h RIVES.
30th Congress,
1st Session.
TUESDAY, APRIL 4, 1848.
of Colonel Fremont will show the conncction be-
tween Macnamara's movements and those of the
public armed vessels of Great Britain. It will be
found at page 14 of the document:
'•'The fruits of the revolutionary movement thus passed to
the Uuited States, ami have remained with her ever since.
These fruits were very considerable. Besides the peace-
able,pos^e^sion of all the northern part ot California, and the
actual force in the field under the independent flair, which
immediat'dy went into service under the United States,
there is good reason to believe, and evidence is now at hand
to >u-'tam that belief, that the revolutionary movement pre-
vented a design of the Catiformans to put their country
under the flag of the British, and also prevented the com-
pletion of the colonization grant of three thousand square
leagues to Macnamara, who was bioughtto California in the
British sloop of wot Juno in the month of June, 1846. Ad-
miral Seymour, in the Colhngwood, of 80 guns, ariived at
Monterey on the 16th of July. Maenamaia was on board
the Colhngwood when I ainved at Monteiey on the 19ih,
and w«a«cariied away in that vessel. The taking po«se?*.ion
of that place on the 7th had anticipated hnu, and the revolu-
tionary movement had checked tne designs of the Cahfor-
nians to place the country under British protection ; and
aNo prevented the fulfillment of the great giant to Macna-
mara, the original papers of which I now have heie, to he
shown to the committee and to be delivered up to the Gov-
ernment."
5. In addition to the Macnamara grants, some
of the most valuable missions were sold in May
and June, 1846, to British subjects, for very incon-
siderable sums, showing an evident design, incase
the United States should get pos.sQssion of the Cal-
ifornia*, to keep some of the most valuable districts
out of the hands of the Government, by convert-
ing them, through fraudulent conveyances, into :
British property.
6. It appears also that a plan was set on foot by
the British vice consul in California, Mr. Forbes,
Macnamara, and others, to pin that country under
the protection of Great Britain, and at the very
moment when it was expected that a war would
break out between the United States and Mexico.
The time, the circumstances, the actors, all indi-
cate a deliberate design to get possession of Cali-
fornia, for the purpose of keeping it out*of the
hands of the United States. 1 he auspices under
which a junta was planned and convoked for the
purpose of asking the protection of Great. Britain,
ere shown by an extract which I will read from
the affidavit of Captain Gillespie, of the Marine
Corps, and which will be found at page 28 of the
document:
" About tins time (June tfO) I learned that the junta which
wan to have a^cjiiMc d at Santa IJarhaia upon tin; loth June,
and which had ken planned :ind nnanged by and through
the agency of .VIr. Forbe.*, the linltsii vac consul, and an
IrMi taihohe putst, by tin? nuinr ol A ncnamai.i, had been
prevented troui assembling in consequence of the ri-inifof
the settlers. This junta was propo-rd for the puipof-c of
asking the protection ol England, and o( giving an immense
traet ol land in the valley of the San Joaquin for the j-eltle-
inent often thousand Irishmen, to be brougut to California
under the direction of Macnamata. Ail" tins intrigue of
British agents was broken up by the timely and prompt op-
erations. of the settlers, under the direction of Captain Fi6-
uiont."
By Lieutenant Minor's testimony, which will
be found at pages 43 and 44, it appears that the
convention or junta was held, and that a majority
were in favor of claiming the protection of Eng-
land—a decision naturally to have been expected,
when it is considered under what auspices it was
convoked. The extracts I am about to read con-
tain also some interesting facts connected with the
movements of the British Admiral:
"The undesigned, a lieutenant in the navy of the United
States, has the. honor to make the following answers to the
interrogatorie? put to him by your honorable committee :
"The under.-igncd bftinsz in command of the southern dis-
trict of California during the latter part of 1846, was informed
by Pedio C. C.iriila (and he believes the information thu>
obtained n founded on facts) that he, the «aud (Jaulla, wjis
a member of a junta that assembled at Santa Barbara in
June, I84U, lor the purpose of declaring the independence of
California, and of asking the protection of the United States
or (Jrent Britain ; that the junta was represented by all of the
inhabited portions ol California; that a majority of the same
were for claiming the prot  clion of England ; that their re-
solves would probably have been executed had it not been
for the vv.tr and their feats of an aimed force, then on the
noi'h side of the bay ot San Francisco, under the command
of Captain Frduiont. The undersign- d ba  understood from
other'sources, entitled to confidence, that a majority of the
people of California de-ired the piotecuon of England. The
opinion he thu- formed was strengthened by the rtu-t that an
English iriaatn (the Juno) had. about the time the junta met,
landed an English subject named Macnamara at tianta Bai-
bara, of whom it was said that he had obtained a grant from
36
the Mexican Government of a large and fertile portion of
California, embracing the whole valley of the San Joaquin,
from its source to its mouth—a valley, as the undesigned
believes, comprising one-third of the richest portion of Cali-
fornia. The undersigned believes that the Briti«h squadron
in the Pacific, commanded by Rear Admiral Sir George T.
Seymour,composed thenofalargoi force than they ever had
upon that ocean, were employed in closely watching the
movements of the Ameiiean Commodore. Being aware of
this fact, Commodore Rloat, when he heard of the fir^t battle
oil the Rio Grande, got undei way in the frigate Savannah,
then anchored oft Mazatlan, tor the ostensible purpose of
proceeding to California. An English vessel of war weighed
boon after the Savannah, and Mood in the direction of San
Bias, where it wa-s known the Admiral was. After cruinng
in the gulf two days, the commodore retained to his anchor-
age off Mazatlan, when anothei Enjih-h « hipgot under way
aiids-tood in the direction of San Bias. The undersigned
believes that this manoeuvre or Commodore Sloat was in-
tended fbrthedeoeprion of the English Admiral. On the 8th
of June, 1840, the Savannah aiiain made sail, and, after a
passage of twenty-three day*, dining which a press of can-
vass was earned, s-lie arrived at the port of Monterey, in
Upper California. The Colhngjvood, of eightv gun*?, the
flag-ship of Admiral Seymour, entered the harbor on the
loth of July, and the undersigned bci.eves that the Admiral
was disappointed when he saw the Amcricun flag flying on
shore."
The testimony of Captain Hcnsley, from which
I will give a brief extract, and which will he found
at page 33, fully sustains the statement of Lieut.
Minor:
" I am a icsideni in California, where I have resided since
the autumn of Ibl'J. In the month <<f Ma\, 1^ lf>, I went to
San Fiatn Wo, where I met with 0"neial Vallejo, one ot
the most piomment and intiuenu.il men in l'p|M'r(\:h!o ma.
1 underwood iiom him that he had reeentlv attended a con-
vention, composed of Gen. C.iMio, himself, and live othei^,
delegate* from the different dir-tucs in California, at winch
the proposition had been made and debated to separate fiom
Meuco, and establish a government m California, under the
protection of some lorei'jn I'owei, believed by us to be Eng-
land : hut, as the General positively stated, the majority was
not in favor of placing the countiy under the piotection ol
the United Status*, though he himself was. General Vallejo
was of course guarded in conversing on so dangerous a sub-
ject as this was at that time; but the above is the substance
of his remarks, as understood by myself and others who
heard them."
The grant to Macnamara is so connected with
the movements of the public vessels and public
agents of Great Britain as to raise a strong pre-
sumption that he was secretly countenanced by
the British Government. Doctor John Baldwin,
whose testimony will be found at pages 46 ct seq.,
states that Macnamara lived in the house of the
British consul or charge d'affaires in Mexico, and
that he understood in that city, in September and
October, 1847, a plan had been projected, main
the auspices of the Bntihh legation, to colotu/.c
California with emigrants from Ireland. These
facts will be more fully shown by his affidavit, at
pages 46 and 47 of the document, from which I
will read a single paragtaph:
« I resided in the Republic of Mexico from the year 1823
until 1838,a period of sixteen yens, duiing which I made
the acquaintance ol many ol the leading men of ibe coumry.
" I again entered Mexico (eilv) on the 14th of September,
18-17, and remained there until the 1st of November; during
that lime I made the acquaintance of the priest Macnamara,
and fiom sources entitled to cicdit, I was informed that he
had, under the auspices of the British legation, projected a
plan to colonize California with enngiants from Ireland. 11 is
project had met the approbation ofthe Mexican Government,
ami he went to California to perfect his plans. In the mi an
time, it was ascertained that the ulterior views of Maena-
innra were topromote the interest ofthe Briti-h Government
and not the Mexican Government. A fierce nppossition was
contemplated by the republican members of Congre>s, when
he should return with his matured plans from California;
tins lesistance became unnecessarj in consequcnce of the
conquest of California by the arms of the United States.
Macnamara lived in the family of either the British consul or
charge d'affaires in Mexico."
I have referred to the connection of Macnamara's
movements with the public vessels of Great Brit-
| ain as presumptive evidence of the connection of
the British Government with them., I do not in-
quire whether Admiral Seymour had special in-
structions or not. Fiom the declaration of Admiral
.Purvis, in the intervention of La Plata, it is highly
probable that British naval officers cruising in dis-
tant seas have general instructions 44 to protect
British interests at all hazards," (I believe that is
the phrase,) leaving an unlimited discretion to the
officer and giving to the Government the advantage
of being able to approve or disavow his conduct in
special cases,,according to its own interest. From
all the cu'umstances connected with die transactions
in California, we are constrained to believe that the
British naval commander was fully apprized of
Macnamara's objects, as well as the design to place
that country under the protection ofGreat Britain,
and that he was there cooperating in the one, and
ready to cooperate in the other. Indeed, by refer-
ring to the testimony of Mr. Loker, at page 3D, it
will be seen that his arrival there had been talked
about and expected with a view " to take posses-
sion of California."
I have given, Mr. President, a mere outline of
the transactions of British subjects and British
agents in California. The lendingfucts are verified
by the affidavits of Colonel Fremont, Captain Gil-
lespie, of the marine corps. Lieutenant Minor, and
Midshipman Wilson, of the navy, Colonel Russell,
Captain Hensley, Doctor Bakhvin,and many gen-
tlemen connected with the civil and military trans-
actions of the Cahfornias after the rupture between
the United States and Mexico; and some of the most
important circumstances are authenticated by the
public records of California which fell into our pos-
session.
It is impossible that the success of these move-
ments should not have brought us into direct col-
lision with Great Britain. We could not have
failed to regard them, considered in connection
with her proceedings in Oregon, and more recent-
ly in C'ential America, as part of a. deliberate de-
sign to environ us with her colonies, and espe-
cially to shut us out from the Pacific and its ex-
tending commerce. From all the facts, we can
hardly doubt either that she would have taken
possession of the country in her own name, or,
what is perhaps more probable, that she would, in
the first instance, have taken it under her protec-
tion. In this case the drama of the Mosquito
coast, the performers only being changed, would
have been acted over again. j£ Californian Gov-
ernor, somewhat above the grade of the king of the
Mosquitoes in respectability, but on the same level
with him in subservience to the protecting power,
would have been put in the foreground, while Brit-
ish subjects would have occupied the country, and
gradually reduced it into the possession of Gieat
Britain. Thua shutout from the Pacific, our own
people would have been met at the Sierra Madre,
or perhaps still further east, and the tide of emi-
gration and settlement would have been turned
back upon the Atlantic coast. It is in this point
of view that these transactions possess the greatest
interest and importance, and that the sagacity,
promptitude, and decision of our youthful com-
mander in California, at the time the' disturbances
broke out, have given him the stiongest claims on
his countrymen. Any faltering on his part—any
hesitancy in acting and in acting promptly—might
have cost us millions of dollars and thousands of
lives; and it might also have cost us a contest of
which the end is not readily foreseen.
Mr. ATCHISON said he felt it his duty to say
something on this bill, because some of the claim-
ants were citizens of Missouri, and personal friends
with whom he had been long acquainted. He
gave it as his opinion, not only that the conquest
of California was effected by Colonel Fremont, but
that the United Stated had derived the advantage
of this conquest at comparatively little cost, he
justified Colonel Fremont in all that he had done.
If he had done less, he would have deserved and
would have received the execration of the whole
country. He made some references to the course
which Colonel Fiemont pursued—a course in some
instances rendered indispensable for his own pres-
ervation, and always characterized by skill and
promptitude. War had existed before Colonel
Fiemont struck a blow; so that the United states
Government is properly liable for the claims which,
are provided for by this bilL- The emigrants left
their families in the mountains, and joined the bat-
talion for the defence of Colonel Fremont, and had
received not a cent of pay during nine months in
which they served. The witnesses were all per-
sons of strict veracity. He presumed there woud
be no vote against the bill. The only objection m
his mind related to the appointment of the com-
missioners by the bill, which might, perhaps, be
