1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL =GLO®a
lief of Israel Bayles, if Arthur Wilson, of Benja-
min G. Perkins, of Beriah Wright, of John
Savage, and of Levi Colmus; which bills were sev-
erally read and committed.
Mr. ECKERT, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of William Paddy. Read
and committed. 1
Also, from the same committee, adverse reports
upon the petitions of John Gilbert, Wm. Giacy,
and John Steuart. Laid on the table.
Mr. FARRELLY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, made an adverse report upon the petition of
Tlioina-i Gregg. Laid on the table.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, from the Committee
on Accounts, reported the following resolution,
which wa<= read and agreed to:
Resolved, That tiio Clerk of tins Houci' p\y, on the audit
of tile Coitnuutpe on Accounts the account of T. Bail -y \
Myers and F. F. Maifourv, emploved by the Snhciinr of til ■ ,
Treasury, under a ipsotutinn of the ; 'oiho of tile 20t!i Jami- i
arv, 1846, to tak* svvoin testimony m tile claim of AhlthuWi,
Wood, and Hall. j
Mr. PRESTON, from the Committee on the ;
Library, reported a resolution authorizing the
Clerk of the House to purchase sundry books for
the use of the Library of the House of Represent- ,
atives; which was tead and agreed to. j
Mr. SMITH, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, to which was referred Senate bill for the
relief of John Black, late consul of the United
States at the city of Mexico, reported the same
back to the House without amendment. The bill
was committed.
Mr. BARR1NGER, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, made adverse reports upon the pe-
tition of James McKibben and o£ Isaac C. Elstoti.
Laid on the table.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, from the
Committee of Claims, reported lulls fur the relief
of Manuel X. Haimony, of A. IJaudoniii, and A.
D. Robert; which lulls were lead and committed.
Mr. THICODI2AUX, fiom the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill to make Slnp Island, tn
the collection district of Pear! river, a port of de-
livery, and to authorize the appointment of a sur-
veyor for satd port; which was read three times,
passed, and sent to the Senate lor concurrence.
Mr. HUNT, from the same committee, reported
a bill to lelease from duty plank and timber im-
ported for the construction of.plank roads.
After some remaiks l>y Messrs. HUNT, POL-
LOCK, WENTWORTFT, COBB of Georgia,
CATHCART, and STUART of Michigan—
EXPENSES OF MUSTERING VOLUNTEERS.
The House went into Committee of the Whole
(Mr. King, of Georgia, in the chair) and proceeded
to consider the joint lesolution to refund money
for expenses mcuned by individuals or States m
mustering volunteers into the service of the United
resolution would invite the practice of fraud. Mr.
P. said, if the proper disbursing officers of the
United States had been on the ground where these
companies have been raised, they would have
found no law authorizing the payment of such
claims as those of which he was, speaking; be-
cause, even they had no authority to pay for sub-
sistence, &.c., of troops before they were mustered
into service. But he repeated, that, to his knowl-
edge, assurances had been made that means and
money so furnished should be refunded by the
Government; lor supplies were just as necessary
; to keep troops together before they could be mns-
i tered into service, as they were after; and there
! was no distinction between the justice of a claim
1 for supplies furnished before or after the troops :
! were mustered into service.
! Mr. TAYLOR said, that he concurred with
his colleague who had just taken his seat [Mr.
Faran] in the views he' had expressed as to the
. principle of the resolution, and that lie wished
it might be passed. When, in the beginning of
the Mexican war, volunteers were -.ailed for by the
' President, the State of Ohio furnished promptly
1 the twenty-four hundred troops required of her
for the service of the country. She responded with
promptitude to the call upon her patriotism and
; the requisition of the Government. The State had
, raised, organized, and equipped this volunteer
|| force, and had placed them without delay at the
; general rendezvous at Cincinnati. Anil Mr. T.
|i regret led to hear one of his colleagues over the way
j! [Mr. Dickin'son] say, that the Whig Governor of
|j the State be had the honor in part to represent, had
refused to furnish the money necessary to defray the
I' p rel i m i nary expenses. Oa thecontiary,! h ese ex -
1 penses were promptly met by the Whig Governor
1 of the State, acting'at that time, the honoiable
Mordecai Bartley. That gentleman, with a prompt-
' ltude and energy which commanded the approba-
tion and admiia'uon of all paities, fulfilled his duty
1 on that occasion wttli the truest patriotism, zeal,
| sl|,d fidelity. When the term of enlistment of the
j three Ohio regiments fiist called out had expiied,
- the Federal Government encouraged the reenlist-
i! mcnt of two of those regiments, authorizing some
of their officers to offer strong inducements to the
men to reenrol themselves. With this view, and
to induce new recruits, the colonel now command-
ing the second Ohio regiment in Mexico, Colonel
Irvin, who had distinguished himself for his gal-
lantry and good conduct in the war under Colonel
Morgan, and whose term of twel v e-montlis' service
had then expiied, was authorized by the Secretary
of War to reorganize the second regiment, and, as
was "generally understood with us, was advised that
the preliminary expenses in effecting their organi-
zation, previous to their march to Cincinnati, would
be paid. ,
Mr. T. here referred to a letter addiessed by the
BtThe question being on the amendment moved Secietary ol War to Colonel lrvin, authoi izing hint
yesterday by Mr. Jones to the amendment of Mr. to proceed to reorganize the second regiment of
Ficrliv, tlie latter withdrew his amendment; :; Oh.o volunteers. The companies composing mat
,,,l1(,,regiment weie raised lnvanous parts of the State.
Mr JONES moved his amendment as an inde- j! at Lancaster, Columbus, Chilicothe, Portsmouti,
and other places
pendent proposition. !
Mr. DICKINSON moved to amend Mr. Jones s
amendment by striking out all after the word Pro- <
tided, and inseiting "that, in auditing and allow-
' ing said claims, the same rules shall be adopted ]
' and the same compensation allowed that are al-^
Mowed to recruiting officers for subsistence ol
' sold lei sat recruiting stations, and other incidental
' expenses iucurted previous to being mustered into
' the service of the United States."
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. FARAN opposed the amendment. The
means for subsisting and transpoiting volunleeis
before they could lie musteied into service hail
frequently to be supplied by individuals-, and it
was hard and unreasonable to expect of men to
leave their farms and business for the public ser-
vice, and pay their own expenses to the place of
rendezvous. It was manifest that they must have
assistance. Patriotic individuals had opened then-
doors and purses to them, and furnir-hed them the
means of subsistence and transpoi tation until they
could be mustered into service; and in cases know n
to lum this had been done on the faith of a pledge,
that whate\er tliev advanced should be icfundid
to them by the Government. He was astonished
at the Mateinent yesteid!.|j ^ n'R-,=ve owed to a noble-heai,«i,
furnS g^t'uitously, and that the parage of this li patriotic man, who had voluntarily advanced his
some of them more than one
hundred miles from Cincinnati, the place of general
rendezvous. And these companies were raised and
oiaanized in reliance upon the Secretary's commu-
nications. The companies weie formed, and re-
mained in their encampments several weeks after
having been sworn to sene for five years or during
the war with Mexico. Some of them w-eie tegu-
larly drilled, and subjected to a ligid military
discipline during this time, and they were suppos-
ed by such contributions and under such contracts
as then officers could succeed in procuring for
them. Many citizens, actuated by a patuotic
spirit", voluntarily advanced the necessaiy supplies,
and otheis furnished subsistence under regular
contracts with the recruiting officers of the com- ;
pames. A single citizen in his own town lurnish- !
ed subsistence to the amount of from §500 to?jl,000, i
under an agreement with one of the recru ting offi- ■
cers, to aid in sustaining: a company previous to
their march to Cincinnati-, and he now asked pay- J
merit—th.it this money should be refunded to lum, j
as had been promised by those acting under the j
duthoi ity of the Secretary of War. Anti wouid^ ;
it not be gro^s injustice to refuse the application r
livery principle of justice, all just regaid to the
of the nation, and all respect to the duty
private means to aid his countrv's cause, 'demand-
ed that the money should be fully &n<f prompHy
repaid. What confidence'could the citizen *placfe
in the promise and engagement of his Government
if this just demand should be refused ? .How" were
we ever to get a volunteer corps in any fu,ture eXf-
gency of our public affairs, if this was to Lfe the
way in which the publit promises'were to be re-
deemed? •
Though Ohio was called upon, at the commence-
ment of the Mexican war, for only two thousand
four hundred men, since their term of twelve
months' service had expired, she had sent two
other regiments of volunteers; and during the war
she had sent, altogether, mqre than six thousand
troops, volunteers and regulars. The first volun-
teers were furnished at the expense of the State,
in the first instance. Some fifteen or twenty thou-
sand dollars, or more, Were advanced by our Gov-
ernor, and that amount was not refunded until the
lapse of six, twelve, or eighteen months. Some
of these advances may not yet be paid. It is due
to the Slate that the whole amount should be re-
funded to her. Her patriotic antl pubhc-spiriied
Whig Governor at that time, the honorable Mr.
Bartley,though her Legislature was not in session,
had raisctl and furnished the money, and payment
was demanded of him bv those, who advanced it
on the credit of the State, long before Ohio could
get back what she had advanced. And after the
twelve months for which the first three regiments
of volunteers had enlisted had elapsed, the volun-
teers were encouraged to reenlist; and ttia^y of
them, with others, bad volunteered to serve during
the war, in the full belief that the money paid for
their subsistence would be refunded, accord.ng to
tl<e promise of those whom they believed -were
fully authorized to contract for the same. What-
ever was paid in good faith by individuals, lo aid
the Government of the United States to obtain the
men demanded for the public service, and what-
ever amount was expended for subsisting those
men after they were sworn into the public service,
as well as all advances by the Stale, should be
fully and promptly repaid by the General Govern-
ment. And he trusted that Congress would pass
this bill, and thereby render speedy justice to those'
who now appeal to lis.
Here the hour to which the debate on the reso-
lution had been terminated, expired.
Mr. Jones's amendment was rejected.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved to add to the
bill the following proviso:
*dml mowicdjmther, That it «hnll be proved to the satis-
faction of tlie decretal v of War that sa d expend incurred,
fiibsMcnec or tnin-portntion fmm.-hed, -'or money ad-
vanced/' have not paid tiy any person whatsoever.
In supporting the amendment he had offered,
Mr. E. referred to cases wlieie the volunteers had
paid their own tavern expenses, and going to Mex-
ico many of them had there died. In ihis case,
there was nothing in the bill to prevent the land-
lord fiom presenting IHs aceountto the department
for such supplies. The men were dead; and thus
the money might be paid by Government a second
time. ..,■■■ ■ ■ , ,
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, proposed to
modify the amendment by inserting the words
" paid by any person or persons whatever." Mr.
T. referred to'cases where the expenses of the
volunteers before being mustered into service had
been advanced by the county where they were
organized, and wished to know whether the reso-
lution was so worded as to cover such a case?
Mr. HARALSON considered the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Evans] as wholly unnecessary, for surely the de-
I partment would not be so silly as to pay the same
1 demand a second time.
Mr. EVANS expl.uned, and restated the caseot
the dead so'diers and the tavern-keepers.
Mr. H ARALSON said if the soldiers had paid ine
tavern-keeper, what possible claim could hes'"«Ke
to have the money refunded to him. If if
be refunded to any one, it was 10:7he ^n-
his representative. As to ll'« lnt!" -0MP,0V f hc
counties, or individuals, for organizing, subsist,!,
counties
muVwred'Xto "tlie service of the United StaCes.
and transporting volunteers P^vmus^to^their^eing
