564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
Nothin" coHld be plainer than this language. A
fair and reasonable construction of its provisions
jvouJd leave no doubt that money advanced as the
gentleman stated would be refunded.
After further conversation between Mr. Thomp-
son and Mr. Haralson on this point, Mr. H.
observed that when small amounts had been fur-
nished by individuals it was not probable that any
demand would be made for repayment; but when
cities had nobly come forward and advanced large
sums in the hour of their country's need, no doubt
they would apply, and their just demands would
be honorably met.
The committee had been told by a gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Wick] that petit larceny would
be committed under this resolution, and that very
clever gentlemen would be tempted by it to steal
money out of the treasury. Admitting that some
dishonest persons would advance fraudulent cjaims
against the Government, was this any reason why
no provision should be made for paying claims
which" were just? Yet that was the whole sum j
and substance of the gentleman's remarks yester- <
day. As to what the gentleman had said about i
refunding money to the adjutant general of his own j
State, the amendment he had suggested on that j
subject was\vhol!y unnecessary. Underthe phrase- >
ology of the resolution as already amended, there j
would be no doubt as to the result of claims pre- }
sented to the War Department under this resolu- !
tion. |
Mr. H., after having the>resolution offered yes- j
terdav by the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Me- 1
read, 'argued that no further guards <
were requisite than the concluding proviso, which !
provided that no advance of money should be re- j
funded unless it was expenses that were necessary j
and proper. Could or would a Secretary of War i
pay, under such a clause, for expenditures which !
weieextravagant,unnecessaryand improper? The I
expense of organizing, enlisting, and transporting j
volunteers to their place of rendezvous ought to j
have been paid by the Government, (had it been J
practicable,) but had not. The simple question was !
whether, when these expenses had been paid for !
by others, they should or should not be renrt- j
horsed? The Go vernment was not to blame in j1
the first instance, because it could not have pay-
masteis and commissaries stationed all over the
country wherever a volunteer force was being: ■'
raised. But the expenditure had been made, the >
Government had received the benefit of it, and it ,,
was no more than sheer justice to refund the money. '!
Above all things let us be just.
Mr. H. &>aid if the Secretary of War was so
unwise as to pay the tavern-keeper for what the ;
soldier had first paid him, he ought to be im- ,1
peached and turned out of office. '!
Mr. EVANS explained, and stated his supposed \\
case a third time. |!
Mr. STRONG proposed to amend the resolu- '|
tion after the word "cities," by adding " or other j;
municipal corporations.'1   j!
The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of or- ,,
der: the resolution having been gone through with,
no further amendment could be made but by gen- '
era! consent.
Mr. STRONG took an appeal from the decision,
but it was affirmed by the committee: Aves 65, !
noes 27. * _'j
Mr. McKAY moved an amendment to strike ;!
out the words "or money advanced." ii
The CHAIRMAN, at the suggestion of Mr. j!
Thompson, of Mississippi, ruled the amendment ji
out of order, the bill having been gone through jj
with. ij
Mr. McLANE moved to amend by adding the ||
1V )lowing" proviso:
Proi h'&l, furth-'i, That the R'lm paid shall not exeppd, i!
for a K-h \ ojuncer <n orsimzcd, subsisted, and trunspoi ted, •'
the vijiji mow provided b'v law tor the organization, sub^st- i'
enco, find transportation of men in the regular army.. !:
Mr. McLANE briefly urged the necessity of the |i
restriction proposed by the amendment to guard i!
the treasury from unlimited demands that might :
otherwise he made upon it.
Mr. BURT considered the amendment utterly
impracticable; and, even if it were practicable, its
operation would work an inequality between the
"volunteers and regulars, prejudicial to the former.
The question" being'taken, Mr. McLane's
amendment was rejected.
Mr. WICK moved the following as an addi-
tional section:
2?e U enacted, <J-c., That no chum under this act shall be
paid unless the ynme be sustained, in addition to other testi-
mony, by the oath of the claimant, stating that his claim is
justly due to himself, and not in trust for others, and that he
has "neither directly nor indirectly received satisfaction
thereof, entirely or m part, from any source whatever, and
that the advancement was made on the credit of the United
States.
An honorable member of the Committee on
Military Affairs (said Mr. W.) had seen proper
this morning—he would not say had seen proper,
he did not think he had seen proper, but h$d inad-
i vertently placed in his (Mr. W'.'s) mouth a kind
1 of milk-and-water argument, which he flattered
S himself he was not usually guilty of inflicting on
the House in what little he had to say here. It
was a mistake to say that his (Mr. W.'s) objection
to this bill was, that dishonest men might perhaps
prosecute and establish claims under it. He might
have expressed himself imperfectly, but his pur-
pose yesterday had been to say that this bill was
expressly calculated to invite the presentation of
drummed-up claims. He hoped no honorable mem-
ber would misunderstand him now.
By wav of showing that this was the character
[ of this bill, he would refer to a few details which
i he should have supposed would have presented
themselves to the astute mind of the honorable
| gentleman who was a member of the Military
j Committee, as well as to th& minds of other gen-
j tlemen. Let them see how it was that these claims
j had arisen. They had arisen from the fact, that
. when the volunteers were being raised, patriotic
j gentlemen had stepped forward and madeadvances,
; or the volunteers themselves or their friends had
j encountered expenditures which were necessary
i in enabling them to march to the place of rendez-
! vous. The claims might be drummed up in this
i way: Two or three companies collect in some con-
i venient place to march to the place of rendezvous; I
; the farmers of the community turn out their teams i
, to carry them; one man collects a squad of teams, \
; and has the general supervision of delivering the :
: men; he expects to make no chaige at the time, '
j but he could prove by the officers of the company I
! that he furnished the teams; and although he may '
i not have paid out a dollar—although it fnay all
; have been a matter of conlribution, each farmer
sending his own team—and although the very
funds expended were raised by handing a hat
around—yet the leader in the matter would come 1
forward under this resolution and claim for these
services. It would invite dishonest men to present :
dishonest claims.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, interposed, and ;
raised the point of order, that the gentleman's ;
remarks were rather in reply to other gentlemen
than an explanation of the amendment which he-
had offered, and were therefore out of order under
the five-minutes rule.
The CHAIRMAN remarking that the gentle-
man from Indiana had but one minute more—
Mr. HOUSTON waived his objection; and
Mr. WICK proceeded. Again, contributions
had been raised in the manner he had described,
or by subscription in a town or city, and placed in
the hands of an individual; that individual had
gone forward and expended the money for neces-
saries for the volunteers; he only would be known si
to the officers; they would know of his expendi- '!
ture, and the amount, at least proximating; and ii
yet not one dollar of it had been expended out of H
his own pocket. He knew of many instances of ij
this kind 
The time allotted for explanation here expired. I
Mr. MILLER, of Ohio, moved an amendment, ji
to strike out the last line of the amendment of jl
Mr. Wick. j1
The amendment of the gentleman from Indiana \\
(he said) proposed that no person should recover j!
from the United States unless he would swear that 1
the money for which the claim was made was ad- ,
vanced on the credit of the United States. Now, ,
he had a letter in his hand from the Quartermaster ;1
General of Ohio, which would show at once the
impropriety of this provision. [He read the letter, ;j
which referred to an advance made m Ohio.] This ij
advance (he said) was made at the instance of the i|
Quartermaster General; and, in many instances, i*
advances had been made in anticipation of some 'j
interposition of the State governments. j,
But, further, the gentleman from Indiana said 'j
that this bill, as it now stood, opened the door to i'
frauds. Did not the gentleman know that on the !|
3d of March last a resolution of a similar character I1
passed, and that all claims under that resolution il
j had been adjusted, and no frauds had been charged
I or could be proved ? That resolution passed at the
| last session, and was precisely similar to the one
j now under consideration, [tie read the former
resolution; also, an extract from the report of the
Secretary-of War showing the necessity for the
present resolution.] Now, if this resolution opened
the door to these enormous frauds, why, he asked,
did not the gentleman from Indiana show that,
under the former resolution, frauds had been per-
petrated upon the Government ? It was no such
thing. It must be because the gentleman had not
investigated the matter. Perhaps he was not in-
terested in it, and had not paid attention to it. He
(Mr. M.) trusted the resolution would be adopted.
| In concluding, he withdrew his amendment to
!! the amendment.
|| Mr. POLLOCK inquired of the Chair if it would
ij be now in order to move to stuke out the enacting
!i clause of the resolution?
!| The CHAIRMAN replied that it would not, as
II an amendment was now pending.
!j Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved an
amendment to Mr. Wick's amendment, to add,
"and no assignment shall be recognized by the
War Department." He said he knew that ad-
vances had been made in many cases of ten, fif-
teen, and twenty dollars, by men who never ex-
pected togetanything in return; but let it be known
that this resolution had passed, and agents would
be sent all over the country, and these claims
would be bought up for a small sum. In this way
, these agents would hunt up these claims; and, as
}! the gentleman from Indiana said, it would invite
[' such men to come to the War Department to get
jl pay for claims w"hich were never expected to be
ij presented at the time the advances were made.
] Mr. WICK accepted the amendment of Mr.
i Thompson as a modification of his amendment.
J Mr. HARALSON asked if a claimant made his
j affidavit, as required by this amendment, would it
• not be saying: to the Secretary of War that it was
, sufficient without proof?
j Mr. WICK replied that the amendment provi-
; ded the very reverse. It expressly required addi-
j tional proof beside the oath of the claimant.
j The question being taken, Mr. Wick's amend-
' ment was asreed to.
! Mr. POLLOCK now moved to strike out the
enacting: clause of the resolution.
> Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, raised the point that
such a motion was not in order in committee. It
i was equivalent to the lejection of the measure,
which the committee had no power to do, but only
, to amend it.
Mr. POLLOCK referred to the rule to justify
i his motion, and remarked that he was distinctly
in favor of the general principle of the resolution,
and he thought that moneys advanced for the use
of the volunteers ought to be refunded; yet he
thought the bill defective, and had made the mo-
tion to strike out its enacting clause, with the view,
if it prevailed, to recommit it to the Committee on
Military. Affairs, in order that the proposition
j rmsrht be brought forward in a proper form.
; Mr. JONES pressed his point of order.
j The CHAIRMAN overruled it, and decided the
; motion in order.
Mr. COBB inquired, in case the motion prevail-
ed, what would be the report of the chairman to
■ the House? Would it be that the committee had
stricken out the enacting clause, and made certain
: amendments to the bill? [A laugh.] He put this
i question to convince the chairman of the incorrect-
ness of his decision. The motion was clearly out
of order, and had so repeatedly been decided.
After a word by Mr.COLLAMERon the point
of order—
The CHAIRMAN, adhering to his decision,
and no appeal being taken—
The question was taken on the motion to strike
out the enacting clause, and decided in the affirma-
tive by tellers: Ayes 66? noes 53.
So the committee agreed to strike out the enact-
ing clause of the resolution.
Mr. MEADE proposed to offer a further amend-
ment to the biiL
The CHAIRMAN ruled all amendments out of
order, as the vote last taken was equivalent to the
rejection of the bill.
Mr. H1LLIARD moved that this bill be laid
aside, and the Oregon hill be taken up.
The CHAIRMAN decided that the committee
could take up no other billj but, under the terms
