1648."
THE GONGRESSWNAI, GLOB®.
m
remotest points of our wide land are brought into
the relations of neighborhood. Butlet this growth
of our institutions be spontaneousand gradual, and
let neighboring provinces seek to come within the
sheltering sanctity of our Government.
This, then, is the achievement of the Adminis-
tration: upon this acquisition of territory it rests its
fame. What other public benefit can it claim to
have conferred upon the country? Has it done
anything towards developing the resources of the
nation Has it done anything for the commerce,
the agriculture, or the industry of our people? To
what single monument of its wisdom, its energy,
or its enterprise can it point? No improvements
have grown up under its hand; it has brought upon
the people the demoralizing influence of war; and
it has entailed upon the country an immense pub-
lic debt. Suppose it had pursued a career of peace,
how much greater would be our prosperity at the
present moment. The vast sums expended in war
would have been saved, we should have been free
from debt-, and the very territory which we are
about to acquire at so great an expenditure of mo-
ney, and life, and character, might have been pur-
chased for an inconsiderable sum.
I am not insensible to the military glory which
our arms have won in the late war with Mexico.
The brilliant achievements of our armies will com-
pare well with those of any age or any nation.
The blended courage and skill of our officers, and
the indomitable ardor of our troops, have illustra-
ted the American name. But how was this glory
earned? Not by the Administration, but in spile
of the Administration; as Colonel Barre declared
of the American colonies in the great struggle for
independence, when it was said that they had been
planted and nourished by the care of the mother
country: 41 They planted by your enre! They have
grown and prospered in spite of your care.'*
The fostering hand of this Administration might
well have crushed an army of less vigorous mate-
rials. The officers in command have been watched
with a jealousy which lost no occasion to exhibit
itself. The army under Geneial Taylor, after the
splendid victories of Palo Alto and Resaca de la
FaUna, overcoming every obstacle, making up with
their own energies for the want of the means of
transportation, marched against Monterey, a wall-
ed city of immense strength, defended by a much
greater force than that which attacked it—assaulted
and carried it—and their victorious leader was re-
warded by thecensureof an Administration which,
overlooking all the glory of such exploits, hasten-
ed to condemn an act which secured complete pos-
session of the place; on act which was characterized
by a wisdom and humanity hardly less admirable
than the courage and nrumchs of the illustrious
captain who performed it. Deprived of his regular
troops, he was left in an advanced and exposed po-
sition; when, with a little army made up almost
wholly of volunteers, he received the shock of bat-
tle from a Mexican army twenty thousand strong,
led by Santa Anna in person, and repulsed them.
How much of the glory of Buena Vista is due to
the Administration? ,
Another distinguished officer, of splendid abili-
ties, invested and took VeraCruss and the castle of
San Juan de Ulua, exhibiting the highest military
skill; pressing on to Cerro Gordo, he won a bril-
liant victory; and the Government, busy with its
fostering care, objected to the disposition which he
made of his prisoners.
Advancing upon the capital, meeting and over-
coming obstacles in his march, which remind us
of the exploits of Cortes, he carries with a small
army the city of Mexico, and while the world is
resounding with the fame of tho.se achievements,'.
Scott is removed from the command of an army
winch he had led through these successive victo-
riesand called loappear beforeacourtofinquiry.
But, sir, this Administration is passing away,
its days are rapidly drawing to a close. Let it go;
it has lost the opportunity of doing good, arid 1
fear has done great mischief. A young French-
man called on Louis XIV. when that monarch had
reached an advanced age, and asked him to confer
an appointment on him. The monarch exclaimed
impatiently: " You shall never have it while 1 live."
41 Very well, sir, (replied the young gentleman,) I
can afford to wait."
The country is young and vigorous, and will
outlive a bad Administration; it can afford to wait:
but the Administration leaves us a most unenvia-
ble heritage in its history. In speaking of it, one
is almost ready to borrow Macauley's description
of the reign of Charles II.: •* Those are days which
can never be recalled without a blush—days of
dwarfish talents and gigantic vices."
Let us turn from the past, and look to the future.
The partyopposed to the Administration will'f>rob-
ably come into power. We certainly shall, if we
do not throw away our advantages. The time has
come when a very large proportion of the people
of the United States desire to see one elevated to
the Presidency who holds himself uncommitted to
mere party measures, and looks out upon a hori-
zon wide enough to embrace his whole country.
The country has suffered from the fierce collision
of parties, ami its great interests are passed upon
by irresponsible bodies calling themselves conven-
tions, which sketch not only the plan of a political
campaign, but lay down the principles which shall
govern an Administration.
I rejoice that one man has been found in the
country with courage enough to refuse to lend him-
self to the advancement of mere party schemes,
and who, following the great example of Wash-
ington, will administer the Government for the
good of the people of the whole country. We
have always denounced a President who could
never forget that he belonged to a party, or rise to
the enlarged patriotism which ought to characterize
the Chief Magistrate of the United States; and yet
some object to the noble position which General
Taylor takes, when he refuses to practise the sup-
ple subserviency of a 'partisan. I regard that po-
sition with unqualified admiration. He does not
deny his identity with the Whig party. He de-
clares his unwillingness to conceal that fact from
the American people. He frankly avows his de-
sne to see .some of the eminent men of that party
i elected to the Presidency; but he refuses, with
1 true dignity, to allow others to extort from him
pledges, or to undertake to carry out' any set of
measures which others may wish to impose on
him. To borrow his own language, he asks no
favor, and shrinks from no responsibility. He
does not court popular favor. He remains in the
quiet discharge of his duties, and leaves the people
to decide as they may think best, whether he shall
be called to administer the Government, or left in
the station which he now fills, and which he has
rendered so illustrious.
Such a course presents a broad contrast to that
which is sometimes pursued by aspirants to the
Presidency, who traverse sea and land to make
proselytes, and bid for the purple by committing
themselves to the favorite schemes of different
latitudes.
Such ambition sometimes overleaps itself. The
support which the popular sentiment of the coun-
try gives to General Taylor's noble position is a
cheering indication. It is full of promise for the
future, and reminds us of earlier and better days.
I believe that the people will bear him triumph-
antly into the Presidency. He will administer the
Government with a strict regard to the Consti-
tution; he will call into his cabinet the ablest of
his political friends; he will arrest the demoralizing
practice of expelling good men from the subordi-
nate offices to put ultra partisans in their place;
and will return to the better rule of inquiring as to
applicants, " Is he honest? Is he capable'" He
will restore the great principles which belonged to
the early republican Administrations, and will
guide the country into a high career of prosperity
and glory.
Mr. H. having concluded—
The committee rose, and the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, J\Jarch 30, IS48.
Mr. DIX presented the petition of Hall J. Kelly,
asking a grant of land in Oregon, for services ren-
dered in exploring and developing the resources of
that country; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. HALE presented a petition of citizens of
Maine, praying a speedy termination of the war
with Mexico, and the abolition of slavery in the
District of Columbia; the motion to receive which
was laid upon the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of Erie county, New
Yoik, expressing their belief that slavery never
had any constitutional existence, and praying the
adoption of measures for its abolition throughout
the United States.
Mr. HALE moved that the petition be received,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DOWNS moved that the motion id-receive
the petition be laid upon the table; which ^s
agreed to.
Mr. HALE presented a petition from citifcerr's
of Mentz, New York, praying an inquiry into the
constitutionality of slavery, and the propriety of
extending the writ of habeas corpus to every in-
habitant of the United States. He thought that'
this petition did not come within the practice of
the Senate in regard to abolition petitions, as it did
not ask for the abolition of slavery. He thought
it due to the petitioners that the subject should re-
ceive the consideration of a committee, and a report
be made which would enlighten them on the sub-
ject.
Mr. TURNEY moved that the motion to receive
be laid on the table.
Mr. HALE demanded the yeas and nays, which
were ordered; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive, as follows :
YEAH—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Bngby, Brecse,
Butler, Calhoun, Djivh of Mississippi, Diekinsori, Dix, Day-
ton, Downs, Douglas, H*nnee«ui, Hunter, Johnson of Geor-
gia, Lewis, Mangum, Moor, Niles, Rusk,Turney, YVescott,
and Yulee—"i3.
NAYS—Messis. Baldwin, Davis of Massachusetts, Hale,
Miller, Phelps Underwood, and Uphnm—7.
Mr. PHELPS presented a memorial from citi-
zens of the United States, praying the purchase of
Mount Vernon by the Government; which was
laid upon the table.
WRECKS OP VESSELS.
Mr.*DAVlS, of Massachusetts, submitted the
following resolution, which was consideied by
unanimous consent and agreed to:
Reijh'Ctl, That the Secretin \ of the Treasury be instructed
to communicate to the Senate such information a& he may
po*-e , or may be able to collect, in ieg.ini to wiecks of
vea*M« belonging to the United States dining the year which
will end the aOih June next, designating the places where
Mich wreck?, occurred, the tune when, and all otherchcuin-
stanees attending the same which he may deem useful.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill for the relief of Henry Fredien and other citi-
zens of Louisiana. The bill was read and passed
to the second reading, and the report ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the bill fVom the
House of Representatives for the relief of the legal
representatives of William McKenzie, late a sea-
man on board the United States ship Vincennes,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the bill from the House of
Repiesentati\es foi the relief of Elijah H. Willis,
reported it without amendment.
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE FRENCH.
The following joint resolution coming up in its
order, it was read a second time:
Resolved hythe Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States of Jlmeri- a in Congress assembled, That, in lhe
name and behalf of the American people, the congratula-
tions of Congress are hereby tewk red to tin: people of France
upon their success in their recent effort* to consolidate
liberty, bynnboJyiug iu* principles in a republican form of
government. , . ,
Ilcsolvc.d, That the President of the United Mates be, and
he W herebv, requested to transmit this resoIufO'i to the
Anvriean minister at Pans, with iitsiiucuou* to present it to
the French Government.
Mr. BALDWIN then moved that the resolution
be referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. ALLEN. I have no very great feeling on
the subject of this particular motion. I do not
know, sir, tiiat it will make a great deal of differ-
ence whether this resolution be referred^ to the
Committee on Foreign Relations or retained by
the Senate and made the special order of the day
for a clay in future. I cannot anticipate, sir, what
may or may not be the opiomon of the member#
who compose that committee with regard to tins
resolution. I will, however, presume to say, tnat
whatever the opinion of the committee y >
doubt not they will afford the Senate an oppo,rW-
nlfv hv a renort on the subject, to express its
opm'iorfunon die resolution
i i'- •* o r it does not seem to ms
embraced in it. isut, sir, n thn
to be one of those propositions which requne the
intervention of a committee previous to the action
of the Senate upon them. It is an isolated prop-
osition—without detail—without complexity—
