1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
569
be to lay this resolution on the table, expressly on
the ground that it is premature. The circumstan-
ces by which we ought to be regulated in express-
ing or withholding our congratulations, have not
yet presented themselves. "When these circum-
stances do occur, the time for taking up the sub-
ject will have arrived. "We know that a national
convention, called by the provisional government,
is to assemble about the middle of the next month.
Mr. BENTON, (in his seat.) It will meet on
the 20th of next month.
Mr. CALHOUN. Let us await that important
event. Let us await the^ action of the convention.
That will be wise and prudent. Let us not act
with precipitation. I move, then, to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. IJICfCINSON. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Will the gentleman from
South Carolina withdraw his motion for a moment
that I may make a single remark?
Mr. CALHOUN. I cannot withdraw the mo-
tion.
The call for the yeas and nays being seconded,
they were ordered,and were taken with the follow-
ing result:
YEAS—Messrs. Basby, Baldwin, Benton. Berrien, Butler,
Calhoun, Davi« of Mississippi. Dayton, Hunter, Mangmn,
Millar, ('helps, Upham, and Yulec—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton. Brad-
bury, Breeze, Ca««s, Clnyton, Crittenden, Davis of Massa-
chusetts, Dickinson, Dix, Douglas, Downs, Fetch, Footo,
Hale, H.inncgan, Houston, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson
of Georgia, L.-wis, Moor, Niles, Rusk, Spriianee, Tumey,
Underwood, and Westcott—29.
So the motion to lay the resolution on the table
was not agreed to.
Mr. AL&EN. On a groat question like this, I
would not be guilty of the petty trickery of trying
to force a vote of the Senate, under the impulse of
tt great feeling recently excited by so great an
event. I do not desire the thoughtless, unreason-
able judgment of the Senate, if this body can be
supposed to be cnpable of such a judgment upon
such a proposition as this. I seek the deliberate
judgment of the Senate, in full view of all the facts
upon which that judgment is to be founded; and in
order that there may be time for that judgment to
be made up, I move that the resolution be made
the special order of the day for the first Monday
in May.
Mr. BALDWIN. There is a motion to refer
now pendine.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
to postpone till the first Monday in May.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland. I understand
that the motion was to make the resolution the
special order for that day.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Does not the motion to
refer take precedence ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to
postpone is first in order.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I concur entirely with
the remarks made by the Senator from South Caro-
lina; but I voted against his motion to lay the
resolution upon the table, because I conceive it
placed me in a false position. If wc had laid the
resolution upon the table, it would have been an
act from which inferences might have been drawn
unfavorable to those who so voted, in reference to
their sympathy with the great movement which
has been made by the people of France, and 1 am
free to admit that my heart is with them in every
step which they have taken. I have rejoiced in
every movement which the French people have
made, from time to time, with the view to the es-
tablishment of a republic. But although these
have l>eeu my feelings, and now are my feelings,
strongly cherished, I am admonished to caution
by the fact, that in all their former efforts they have
signally failed. That signal failure, heretofore,
admonishes me of the propriety of observing that
prudence and caution recommended by the Senator
from South Carolina. I think with him, that it
is wise to await the result of this great movement.
If France succeed, her example will be followed,
I doubt not, by more than the half of Europe. If
she fail, not only may the chains of monarchy be
riveted more closrly in Europe, but her failure
may seriously affect the safety of republican insti-
tutions throughout the world.
Now, what ought to be done? It seems to me,
as we are notified through the press that the elec-
tions in France will shortly take place, that the
National Convention will soon assemble, and that
as the"result of the deliberations of that body will
reach us before we adjourn, we ought to await
the event, before, as a Government, we give ex-
pression to our opinions. In the mean time, it will
be quite becoming in any of us, as citizens, to
tender our congratulations to the French people in
this movement. Entertaining these views, and as
there is no prospect that we shall obtain the result
of the labors of the French convention on or before
tjie day named by the Senator from Ohio, I move
to postpone the consideiation of the resolution till
the first Monday in June.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I regret that the Senator from
Ohio has consented to the postponement of his
resolution till the fiist Monday in May. In my
opinion, the events which have already transpired
fully justify us in expressing our sympathies with
the French people, and that there is no good rea-
son for deferring our congratulations till May.
The same argument which is now urged against
our action till May might then require the post-
ponement of rhe resolution until December, and
then for a series of years. I do not suppose that
the people of France will be able to reduce their
system of government to perfection either by the
1st of May or during the present year. The
change of an old form of government to a new one
—the organization of the various departments of
the Government—the putting of (he whole ma-
chinery into operation—the familiarizing of the
people to the new order of things—is the work of
lime. But they have made a beginning. They
have made a glorious beginning. It is,"indeed, a
wonderful achievement, and forces ouradmiration.
A revolution accomplished in three days, almost
without bloodshed, by moral force, and with no
other weapons than hymns of liberty and shouts
of " Down with the King!" Down with the
ministry!" We have before us the first acts of
the provisional government, and in my judgment
they present sufficient ground for hope and confi-
dence that the Government will be able to carry
out what they have begun, with sobriety, wisdom,
and determination. In looking over the decrees
issued by the provisional government from day to
day, it appears to me that human wisdom could
not have devised a more prudent course than they
have adopted. They intend to effect a radical
revolution. They design to make the new Gov-
ernment republican in all its principles and forms;
and they have commenced the work in a manner
which discovers that the men engaged in it under-
stand their business. Never—if we except the
Continental Congress—has a body of men assem-
bled, which has discovered so much skill and wis-
dom as has thus far clutractei ized their proceed-
ings.
Why, then, I ask, should we defer our con-
gratulations? What credit shall we reflect upon
ourselves, or what support shall we render to
France, if we withhold our symputhy and our con-
gratulations until the struggle is over? Now is
the time, when our sympathies are needed. Now
is the time when we should extend all the encour-
agement and support which the expression of our
feelings may afford. Now is the time when the 
people of France deserve our sympathy. Now is
th'e time when our sympathy should be given.
They would not thank us for it after the struggle
is over and the great work is completed. We pro-
pose to make our sympathy dependent upon their
success! I suppose if they fail we are to regard
them as rebels, and that it is only m the event of
their success that they are to be regarded as pa-
triots! Our judgment with respect to the great
movement in which France is engaged is to de-
pend upon their success, and not upon the work
itself! I do not agree with the gentleman from
South Carolina, who savs that if the people of
France fail, the failure will do more injury to the
cause of liberty than any event which can possibly
take place. If they fail now, you will lind that
another movement will be generated which will
bring success with it. This is the first step. It
may be that they may leap at a single bound from
a monarcy to a republic—from comparative des-
potism tj freedom. It may be that it will require
a slower, a more protracted process, interrupted
and embarrassed by difficulties, subjecting them to
trials and sacrifices. The revolution may be the
work of years. But whatever may be the process,
slow or rapid, our sympathies are with France in
this glorious work, and the utterance of these sym-
pathies^should be prompt, full, and cordial. The
fact that the people of France have dethroned the
King and peacefully decreed a republic—the fact
that they have abolished all titles and orders of
nobility—the fact that they have decreed universal
suffrage to France—the fact that they have been
enabled to act with such a spirit of moderation and
wisdom as to combine all classes, parties, and fac-
tions in France—the church, the army, the navy—
in one bond of brotherhood, actingin concert and
with unanimity in support of the common cause,
inspires great confidence in the success of the
movement, and I am unwilling to dampen that
hope by the expression of any doubts here. The
presentation of this resolution, and its postpone-
ment for the reason stated, that we doubted the
success of the revolution, and that it was not yet
safe or prudent to express our sympathy, will have
the effect of casting a shade upon this movement.
I have no fear of the alternative presented by the
Senator from South Carolina, that the expression
of our sympathy and congratulations may elicit
counter-expressions from other Governments. If
Russia, Prussia, and Austria wish to issue denun-
ciatory declarations, let them do so. Are the peo-
ple of France likely to be deterred by any decla-
rations from such sources ? Not at all. But they
do feel deeply interested to know what republican
America thinks of this movement, because the
United States of America is the only republic upon
earth, or the only one that deserves the same. All
republicans throughout the world have their eyes
fixed upon us. Here is their model. Our success
is the foundation of all their hopes. Shall we, then,
turn a deaf car to the voice ih«t comes to us from
France? Shall we hold a silent tongue? Shall we
hesitate? Shall we cast a damper on their hopes
by expressing a doubt of their success ?
I am opposed to withholding or deferring the
expression of our sympathy and our confidence. I
believe that it is important that we should act, and
act now. The prompt action of our minister in
Paris presents an additional reason for the im-
mediate passage of the resolution. Our minister
showed that he thought he was safe in acting in
advance of express instructions from his Govern-
ment, and that he was but expressing the senti-
ments of the people and Government whom he
represented in tendering his congratulations, I
believe he did express the feelings and sentiments
of the people of the United States, and lam unwil-
ling, by tlie postponement of this resolution, to
evince any doubt as to the propriety of his conduct.
I make this remark not on his account, but in order
to show the necessity of putting ourselves right.
Why should we postpone the resolution till May?
We cannot have learned by that time the action of
the convention. Are we to await the action of
that body? Surely not. Surely we are not to be
icstrained from rejoicing in what has been already
done, till we see the work completed. 1 believe
•that the work is indeed begun, and that the end
will be certain triumph, sooner or later, and I pray
that it may he achieved in? the shortest time.
Mr. ALLEN. I fully concur in all that has
been said by my friend from Illinois, as to the un-
reasonableness of awaiting the action of the French
convention. My desire is, that the resolution should
be passed as speedily as possible. In naming the
first Monday in May, my object was to meet, if
possible, the convenience and wishes of others,
some of whom desired a later day and some an
earlier day. But it is impossible to fix a day agree-
able to all; and, as I wish speedy action, I &hall
modify my motion so as to substitute for the first
Monday in May the second Monday in April.
Mr. HANNEGAN rose, and being recognized
by the Presiding Officer, was about to address the
Senate, when
Mr. FOOTE, who had also risen at the same
moment, requested the Senator from Indiana to
yield the floor for a very few moments.
Mr. HANNEGAN. If I surrender the floor to
my friend from Mississippi, the inevitable result
must be, that I will be obliged to yield to every
other gentleman who may desire it. H is evident
that this debate, if it proceed, will occupy the whole
day; and as there is Executive business which
requires the action of the Senate, I shall be com-
pelled to make the motion, with great reluctance,
that the Senate now proceed to the consideration
of Executive business.
Mr. DICKINSON. Let the vote be taken on
the postponement of the resolution.
Mr, fiANNEGAN. I am sorryjthat I cannot
