mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
consent that tiie debate should proceed, as it is Is
obviruM that it will be protracted. j
The motion being temporarily withdrawn, |
iMr. FOOTE rose and said: I would not, of:
course, in the circumstances, .think of detaining
the Senate by any extended remarks; but I do |
tegret that the Senator from Indiana could not !
deem it consistent with his duty to yield the floor j
in order to afford me an opportunity of making a I
few observations on a subject so important, in
every aspect, as that which has just occupied the !
attention of the Senate, particularly when other j
members, entertaining views ad verse to those which :
he and I hold, had been heard at length. 1 wjsh \
it to be understood, that m my opinion, the public 1
sentiment of this country on tins subject js ma- i
tured. The Senator from South. Carolina, as I j
understand, desired a postponement of the resolu- !
lion till the public, sentiment had been matured.
iMr. CALHOUN. Not at all. I said that I
desired a postponement of the resolution till we
had an opportunity of judging- whether the move-
ment in France was a subject of congratulation or
not.
Mr. FOOTE. Well, sir, I thinlc that the events
which have already occurred fully justify all that
is contemplated in the resolution. I believe that
the American people have looked to this matter,
and understand it perfectly. In my opinion, the
enlightened instincts of this free people have al-
ready settled the question, so far as the great body
of the people could settle it. It would be impos-
sible to find anywhere throughout this broad land
an assemblage of the people in winch it would be
at ah necessary to awaken their interest <5r inform
their understanding hy any discussion of the rev-
olution in France. The excellent remaiks of the
Senator from Illinois render it unnecessary to enter
into any argument against the postponement of our
action on the resolution offered by the Senator
from Ohio; nor would I have said a word on the
subject, but for the fact that the organ of a large
and lespectable party, published in this city, has,
in the most solemn and formal manner, expressed
sentiments hostile to the movements in favor of
freedom in France. That organ is supposed to
represent the views and sentiments of a large body
of Ameiican fieemen,and having in this imposing
manner uttered its denunciatory declaration, the
impression is likely to be made on the French !
people that there are those in the United States !
who do not sympathize with them in their struggle ,
for liberty. In addition to that, a member of this
Senate, whose reputation and influence are diffused -
throughout the world, has not hesitated to express !
his apprehension as to the result of the present!
movements in France. Indeed, the Senator fiotn !
Kentucky has gone so far as to say that every j
effort hitherto made to establish freedom in France j
has been a "signal failure." From that opinion I
dissent entirely) and at the proper time I intend to
be heard on the subject. I beg the Senator, then,
to prepare himself for a friendly contest on that
point. I ani prepared to show that the march to
freedom in France has been steadily onward during
the last fifty years—that not a single retrograde
movement has been made, so far as the progress
of the great principles of liberty js concerned—
and that, even under the imperial government,
these great principles were continually in tiie ad-
vance.
Mi*. UNDERWOOD. I nave no doubt that I
did use the expression just alluded to by the Sen-
ator, but it was too broad, and is liable to a con-
struction which 1 would not attempt to sustain. I
did not intend to convey the idea that no advance ;
had been made in France in regard to the pnnci- ;
pies of liberty. On the contraiy, I am of course j
awaie that great progress has been made in that |
respect. But my idea was, that ail attempts to j
establish a republican form of government have
heretofore been failures.
Mr. FOOTE. I am glad that an opportunity
has bcenalfoided the honorable Senator of explain-
ing his language, which was certainly liable to
serious misconstruction, both here and elsewhere.
His explanation, given with charactei istic mauli-
ness, is satisfactory to me, and must be so to all.
1 am pleased to find that his sentiments and mine
correspond so perfectly I will not detain the
Senate longer. I have risen only to say that I am
prepared for action on the resolution, in my opin-
ion, we should not hesitate. To doubt, is to damn
the cause of freedom in France. Our minister, m
the noble spirit which becomes an American free-
man, and with something of the moral sublime in
action, presuming that the American people would
not hesitate on such a question, has tendered, in our
name, his congratulations to the refmblicof France.
Shall we now be laggard in this good cause? Let
us emulate the conduct of Mr. Jefferson, who hail-
ed the French revolutionists of a former day as
brothers and patriots, at a time when all the Euro-
pean Powers denounced them as rebels ? I am pre-
pared to sustain our minister, and deprecate the
transmission of any intelligence which might indi-
cate the slightest disagreement in this body on the
great subject of the liberty of France. Of course
I will not now enter at all upon any discussion of
the question. I rose pimply to protest, in the most
solemn manner, against the sentiments to which i
have alluded, and to challenge, courteously, those
who entertain them to courteous moral combat.
Mr. HANNEGAN. There is a case of indi-
vidual liberty now pressing us rather more closely
than this question of public liberty, which we will
have ample time to discuss, and 1 therefore renew
my motion.
The resolution was then passed over informally,
and the Senate proceeded to the consideration of
Executive business.
At a late hour, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Frjday, March 31, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The bill to extend to John J. Adam a patent for
flatteningcylinder window glass, which was report-
ed to the House by the Committee of the Whole
on Friday last, and which lias since been lying
over, was taken up; and, •
On motion of Mr. STEPHENS, it was laid on
the table.
On motion ofMv. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut,
the House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the private calendar, (Mr. Stanton, of
Tennessee, in the chair.)
The first bill taken up was a bill for the relief of
Jacob Gideon, which,after some debate by Messrs.
DANIEL, ROCKWELL of Connecticut, and
GIDDiNGrS, was amended, and laid aside to be
reported to the House.
The next bill taken up was for the relief of the
securities of Elijah J. Weed, late quartermaster of
marines, deceased; and, after some debate by
Messrs. DANIEL, POLLOCK, GIDDINGS,
McICAY, BOWLIN, CROVVELL, THOMAS,
and STEPHENS—
Mr. McKAY mo\ed that the bill belaid aside
to be reported to the House, with the recommenda-
tion that it do not pass: Ayes 62, noes 44.
A quorum not voting, the CHAIRMAN ordered
the Clerk to call the roll, in compliance'with the
126th rule, in order that the names of the absentees
I might be reported to the Hou*e, to be entered on
| the Journal; which having been done—
The committee rose and reported the bill for the
relief of Jacob Gideon as amended, and that the
committee, on the division of a question on the bill
for the relief of the securities of Ely ill J. Weed,
&c., found itself without a quorum, and that the
roll had been called.
The SPEAKER, in compliance with the rule,
ordered the names of the absentees to be entered
on the Journal.
TMr. COBB, of Georgia, moved a call of the
Hous e Lost; Ayes 37, noes 90.
The House again resolved itself into, committee,
ami the above motion of Mr. McKay was again
put, and it was agreed to: Ayes 63, noes 54.
The committee rose and reported the bill for the
relief of the securities of Elijah J. Weed, late quar-
tet master of marines, deceased, to the House, with
the recommendation that it do not pass.
The bill for the relief of Jacob Gideon was then
taken up, the amendment of the Committee of the
Whole concurred in, and the bill was read a third
time and passed, and sent to the Senate for concur-
rence.
The next bill taxen up was the bill for the relief
of the securities of Elijah J. Weed, iate quarter-
master of marines, deceased.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that it be
laid on the table. It was decided hy yeas and
nays in the affirmative: Yeas 74, nays 68.
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following memorials and petitions were pre-
sented under the rule, and referred:
On motion of Mr. PHESTON, the petition of EM Peter-
son, of Montgomery county, Virginia, prajimz tor bounty
laud, now <m the 'files of the H- use, was referred lo the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
By Mr. TURNER: The petition of William Wallace, of
Lee county, Illinois, praying for a pension. Also, the peti-
tion oS Gcorgo W\ And.ews ami others, praying tor a mail
route from Elizabeth to Fieeport, iri Illinois. AI«o, the pe-
tition of A. S. Mitchell and others, praying for the &ame
route. Also, the petition of citizens of Knox county, Illi-
nois, praying for tile-reduction and equalization of tiie rates
of portage on letter-* and newspapers.
By Mr. GREGORY: Concurrent resolution of the Legis-
lature of New Jersey, urging provision to be made by Con-
gress to refund to Captain William Napton and Lieutenant
Alexander F. Arnold, officers comnusMoned hy the Govern-
or, the sam of $1,662 51, expended by them in raising, cloth-
ing, subsisting, and other neces<nrv expenses of a company
in the New Jeisey b.utalion for the war with Mt-wico.
By Mr. TUCK: The petition of Thomas W. Jordan and
itwenty-three otiiers, cituens of Lincoln, in the State of
Maine, praying that a committee he appointed to inquire
into and report whether the slave tiade is cat tied on m the
D,strict of Columbia, and to what extern, arid by what law.
By Mr. HARM ANSON: Tne memorial of 187 ciuzens of
Catahola, Caldwell, and Jackson, fhr the establishment of a
mail route from Harrisonburg to Vernon, in Louisiana.
By Mr. DUNCAN, of Kentucky: Tne memorial of 317
citizen-, pr.uing tiie United Stales to abate the nuisance in
the O.no river at Cumbeilund j[&land, which tile Govern-
ment has created tiieie.
Bv Mr. MARSH: The memorial of Charles Fletcher, of
Lancaster, concerning the Washington monument.
B/Mr. HALL, of New York: Tne petition of certain in-
habitants of the District o{ Columbia, praying lor tiie pa*~
s-igeof'alaw providing lor a change of venue in suits brought
m til.- courts of that Di-iiict.
By Mr. C. J INGE'tSOLL : The pttition of John Ferrab
and many otlcr-, concerning the public lands.
By Mr. DUNN : Tne following joint re.-olut ons fiom the
LegV.atuie of the Stiteof Indiana, viz: rt^afive to mar-Is
and wat land - in the counties of Jay and Adam5?, in the State
of Indiana; relative to the location of eertain&boimty-land
wariants-; also, the same upon the Miami reserve, m the
State of Indiana; lelative to volunte< r  who have tiled on
Government lamW in the Miami reserve; r« 1 inve to the re-
duction of tiie price of public Jands; relative to the reduc-
tion of the priee of public lands in the Miami reserve; re-
laiive to the po.-tponement of the sales ot the Miami reserve
lands. Also, a joint te>olution relating to the Minna In-
dians, in Indiana. Also, one relative to a mail rait-' from
Salem to Bioominuton, in Indiana. Also, one Mauve to a
mail route trom Belleville to Lebanon, in Indiana. Al<o,one
relative to a mail route trom Brown&tow n, via Bowman's,
to Nashville, in said State. Al-n, one relati ve to mortaring
the clothing pay o! the volunteer*. Also, o, e re I itive to the
reduction of po-tage on in w.>papers, &,c. Also, one relative
to tiie national road. Also, one relative to the impiovement
of the Iraqiiois and Kaska>kia rivers. Also, one asking the
aid of tiie General Government for the American Colon.za-
Uou Society.
By Mi. STEWART, of Pennsylvania: The letter and
supplementary petition of Thomas Gregg, for a renewal of
ceitan pitent rig'its.
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition of R. D. McCulloch and
other?, of St. Clair countv, Missouri, for a poit route from
O.-ceola, via Q.uincy, to Hermitage.
By Mr. H \LL, of Mi-souri, a petition from N. H. Skid-
more and other citizens of Missouri, praymg the establish-
ment ot eertnin post routes.
By M r. G INES: The petition of ninety-one officers of the
United States ai my. now on duty in Mexico, prajmg an in-
crease in the price of rations.
By Mr. KCKERT: A memorial of citizens of Lebanon
county, Pnm-ylvania, pra.iing the modification of the post
ofhee Jwvs respecting postage on new-pnpers.
By Mr. BINGHAM: The remon«tranee of five hundred
cit-zens of Oakland county, Michigan, against the renewal
of the patent of .Tethio Wood.
By Mr. TWEEDY. The memorial of the Legislative As-
sembly of W^eon^irt, praying that Forr Howard may be va-
cated,and the re>erv.i!ton oflancK attached for military pur-
ples may be sold. Also, a memorial of the same, pravuig
f*>r the amendment of preemption laws so a* to extend the
tf-rm of payment to two years. Also, a memorial of the
same, azainst it sn'inc preemption rights to cert nn reserved
mineral lands hi Wisconsin.
By Mr. TUCK: The remonstrance of Bradbury Bartlett
and twenty others, ayainpt the removal of the court* of the
United States from Exeter to Coricoid. in the State of New
Hamp-hirri. Also, the remonstrance of George 0. Hilton
and J01 otheis, on the j-a ue subject. A No, Die renion-
sirarice of John T. Gordon and 148 others, on the same sub-
ject.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 31, 1848.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented a petition of
sundry citizens of Kentucky, praying for an ap-
propriation for repairing the dam on the Cumber-
land Island, in the river Ohio; which was referred
to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented a petition of sun-
dry citizensof Indiana, similar in its import; which
was referred to the Committee on Roads and Ca-
nals.
Mr. "VVESTCOTT presented a petition of P. P.
Dumas, representative of the Marquis de Fou«eres,
praying authority lo enter an appeal lo the Su-
preme Court of the United States against a decis-
