1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
571
icn of the United States dis.tr;ict court of Florida;
vhich was referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
-Mr. i)lX presented a petition of 450 citizens o'f
Rochester, praying Congress to purchase ike estate
of Mourn Vernon foraMilmuy Asylum; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Aftaiis.
Oji motion of Air. PHELPS, a suuilar petiUi-n
presented by him yesterday,"was also referred to
the Committee on Military AUairs.
jyir. UNDERWOOD presented a petition of
Nancy Haggard, for interest due on commutation
pay; which was leferred to the Comt)uttep on
Claims.
Mr. BRADBURY presented a petition of citi-
zens ot Maine, asking an appropriation for repairs
on Saco liver; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT,
Replied, 'J'uJit the Commissioner of Patents be requested
to jnoL-eul in Uu* exa.uinai.ouof .ipplicut Ous lor paienU lur
discover ics useful lor tiie piuvei>u<m of-t: am explosions
peiniiug ni hit; oHice, hi pieiimjee to oilier apphcuiioii:> lor
patent; and Uiat ho lepoiisucii oi the riecitions on such
app ijatioiko <ia be mav deem ustclul lo tne toenail;, wjtl 
U u nn'oraiatiou lieitHoiore tailed tor b> the cieiiato bum his
office oa said subject.
Mr. WESTCOTT explained that some hun-
dred applications for patents, fifteen or twenty of
which were for the prevention of explosions of
steam b( iLrs, were before the Commissioner for
his decision. He had been requested to give a
prefeiente to the lattti, because die peisons inter-
ested, had been for some ume in the city, waiting
for the result. On this account lie had been re-
quested to oiler tins resolution, as it was important
that these applications should be disposed of.
Mr. HANNEGAN piesented sundry resolu-
tions, on vaiious subjects, Irum the Legislature of
Indiana; which were laid on the table and ordered
to be pi nued.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on the Libiary, leported, without amendment,
the resolution authorizing Mr. Palmer to make ad-
ditions to his conm)ercitd report on the condition
Of Siberia, &c.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, the Senate consid-
ered the report, which was concurred in.
Mr. I3AGBY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill for the relief of Patrick Walker had
been passed. He stated, that without changing
his own opinion in favor of the bill, he had made
the motion, at the request of some Senators who
desired that a general system should be established
for nil cases of disability by wounds received in
< the service, in preference to legislating on individ-
ual cases.
The motion to reconsider was opposed by Mr.
DOWNS, Mr. BRADBURY, Mr. HANNE-
GAN, and Mr. MOOR, and sustained by Mr.
DAVIS, of Mississippi, Mr. CALHOUN, and
Mr. MANGUM, and was finally agreed to—ayes
15, noes 14.
On motion of Mr. MANGUM, by unanimous
consent, the bill was then amended by striking out
the words <4 for his natural life," ana substituting
° for one year."
The bill was then passed.
FRENCH REVOLUTION.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
joint resolution congratulating the Fiench people
on their recent movement for the establishment of
a republican form of government.
The question being on the amendment proposed
by M r. Undeiuvopd, to postpone the consideration
of the resolution to the first Monday in June—
Mr. BALDWIN addressed theSrnate,expiess-
ing his preference for the motion he had made
yesterday to refer the resolution to the Committee
on Foreign Relations. He was of the opinion that
Congress was stepping out of its proper sphere
of action in attempting to speak for the Ameii-
can people on a subject in which they were ex-
pressing themselves ni a much more emphatic and
acceptable maimer. If any organ of the people
ought to convey their sentiments to the French
people, it should be the President of the United
States, to whom was intrusted the immediate in-
tercourse with foreign Powers. If legislative inter-
• ference was desirable, it ou?ht to be founded on a
communication from the Piesident, who is pre-
sumed to be better informed as to the propriety of
an interposition than we are. He had an objec-
tion to fixing a day for considering the resolution.
If it was proper at all, lie agreed with the Senator
from South Carolina that it would he premature,
until we shall see the course determined on by the
government which has yet to be formed. The
term " consolidated" he also objected to, in its ap-
plication to liberty, which he w'ould desire to see
diffused rather than consolidated. The Holy Al-
liance had adopted the word, and he was unwilling
to take such authority.
Mr. DOWNS made -some remarks in reply,
expressing his surprise at the course of argument
pursued by the Senator from Connecticut. After
all the talk of this session about the power of
interfering with foreign affairs belonging of right
to Congress, it seemed to be discovered that it
was the President only in whom it was vested.
He could not speak for the constituencies of other
Senators. He could not forget that the French
people assisted us in our revolutionary struggle;
that their soldiers fought wiih ours; tiiat they
cheered us on in the hour of danger; that they
rejoiced with us in our triumph, and had always
pieseived friendly lelations with us. In other
States, the population was altogether American;
but in his State it was different. There, one-
half the population was French, speaking the
French language, having their friends and lela-
nons, fathers, mothers, brothers, and sisters, in
France. They must be supposed to feel more
strongly on the subject than the people of any other
Suite of the Union. He saw no objection to im-
mediate action on the subject. If months were to
be consumed by delay and debate, it would be as
well not to adojit the resolution at all, for it would,
in that cose, lose all its value in the eyes of those
to whom it was addressed.
Mr. DOWNS here gave way, and
Mr. HANNEGAN moved "that the resolution
be informally passed over, and that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness; which was agreed to."
[The remarks of Mr. Baldwin and Mr. Downs
will be found in the Appendix.]
Tire Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business; and, after some time, the
doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned till Monday*.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, Jiptil 1, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The bill from the Senate, granting a pension to
Patrick Walker, was taken up and read twice.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, hoped it would not
be commuted; the case, he understood, was a pe-
culiar and meritorious one; he therefore hoped the
bill would now be put upon its passage.
The question was put upon the passage of the
hill, and it was deuJed in the atfirmative. So the
bill stands passed.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting copies of the official annual Army Register, for
the use of the members of the House. Laid upon
the table.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of the
Na\y, transmitting copies of the official annual
Navy Register, foi the use of the members of the
House. Laid on the tabic.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, in answer to a resolution of the House,
transmuting reports from the several bureaus of
that department as to what additional clerks are
necessary, if any, in any of said bureaus,and what
amount of money ought to be appropriated to de-
fray expenses consequent upon the appointment
of such clcrks. Referred to the Committee of
Claims.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the private calendar.
The question was decided m the affirmative by
yeas and nays—yeas 9G, nays 37.
TheHouse accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the private calendar, (Mr.
Cocke, of Tennessee, in the chair.)
The fiist bill taken up was for the relief of
Thomas Scott, register of the land office at Chili-
cothe, Ohio, for seivices connected with the duties
of his office. The bill appropriates ^500 in pay-
ment of extra services by extra clerks, for a, limited
time, in conseqpenceof the consolidation of four or
five Kind offires into one.
After a debate, in which Messrs. VENABLE,
TAYLOR, ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, BID-
DINGS, STARKWEATHER, FJC£LIN, T)\J*
ER, CROWELL, and HOUSTON, of Alabama,
participated, the hill was amended, on motion of
Mr. GIDD1NGS, so as to provide for the settle-
ment of the accounts by the'Sceretary of the Tieas-
ury, limiting the amount to $500.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, then moved thatth§
bill be laid aside to be reported lo the House with
the recommendation that it do not pass. Lost.
The committee then rose and reported the bill
for the relief of Thomas Scott, register, <fcc., as-
amended.
The amendment of the Committee of the Whole
WA3 agreed to, and the bill read a third time.
Mr. HAMMONS moved to lay the bill on the
table. Lost.
The bill was then passed and sent to the Senate
for concurrence.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill to extend
John J.Adams's patent for flattening cylinder win-
dow glass was laid on the table. Lost.
And then the House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Jlpril 3, 1848.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
Mr. LINCOLN moved to suspend the rules of
the House to take up the joint resolution from the
Senate relative to contracts for the purchase of
hemp for the use of the navy, for the purpose of
referring it to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, suggested to the
gentleman from Illinois that he would accomplish
his object by modifying his motion so as to em-
brace all the bills and resolutions fiom the Senate
lying on the Speaker's table.
Mr. LINCOLN replied to the gentleman from
Alabama, that he was aware of that fact when he
made the motion.
Mr. HOUSTON would then inquire wfiether
the motion was susceptible of amendment.
No reply was heard, if any, it was presumed
to be in the negative.
The SPEAKER announced the question to be
on the motion of Mr. Lincoln.
Mr. HOUSTON demanded the. yeas and nays.
He wanted to see whether the House would take
up this bill and refuse to take up the others.
The yeas and nnvs were ordered.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, desired to inquire, in
order that the House might be distinctly informed
upon what ihey were voting, if this was a motion
to suspend the rules for the purpose of taking up
an isolated resolution in prefeience to other and
more important bills on the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. The motion is to suspend the
rules, for the purpose of taking up the joint reso-
lution relative to contracts for hemp for the use of
the navy.
Mr. COBB. I have no objection to taking them
all up. I hope there will be'no suspension for any
particular bill.
The question was taken, and the vote stood:
yeas 81, n« vs 61.
So, two-iiiirds not voting m the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
TEN-REGIMENT BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, moved now, with
a view, he said, to accommodate all sides of the
House, to take up the Senate bills and joint reso-
lutions on the Speaker's table. If any objections
were made, he should move to suspend the rules.
Objections were made.
Mr. HOUSTON moved then to suspend the
rules, and demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, requested the Speaker
to state to the House what bills and joint resolu-
tions weie on the Speaker's table would be em-
braced in this motion.
The SPEAKER replied that there were two
joint resolutions and one bill: The joint resolu ion
of thanks to Major General Taylor and that re-
specting contracts for the purchase o hemp, an
lL bill entitled "An act to raise, to, a limited time,
an additional military force.
Mr. COBB. These are the bills that would be
included? ,, .
The SPEAKBR. These are the bills.
