574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
belon" to her as the leading republic of Europe.
She would be enabled to extend (he conquests of
her free principle far beyond the flight of her eagles
in the day® of the almost romantic triumphs of her
great captain. Already Italy, Denmark, Naples,
Prussia, and Sardinia were awaking from the apa-
thy of centuries, and who should say that the ex-
ample of France would not hasten the time when
all these countries should be enrolled upon the bla-
zoned list of freedom ?
He need not say that he bore towards Louis
Philippe no feeling# of ill win. On the contrary,
he respected him as a man for his intelligence and
many virtues. Even as a monarch, theie was
much in him to admire. Now, in his retirement,
he (Mr. McC.) would regret his private afflictions.
But he did not speak of the individual. He spoke
of France and liberty—considerations far higher.
As an American, he bore towards Fiance a warm
and affectionate gratitude, not only for the reasons
he had already assigned, but because she was the
natal land of the good, the great, the brave, the
generous, the philanthropic, the noble Lafayette.
As an American, lie wished to see France and the
United State? as the two great republics of the Old
and of the New World soar and culminate in the
moral grandeur and glory of eternal freedom and
Chiistian civilization.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said he rose to take no
part in the debate further than to express, with
great deference to all parts of the House, in a word
or two, his views upon the method in which what
"was to be done ought to be done, and to submit to
the House what had been done on a former and
similar occasion.
He might say here that he understood that in
another part of this building the President's mes-
sage had been read. Of course it was a public
paper. It would pass upon the public journals;
it would be familiar to everybody; and he could
not imagine that the power of this House, at least
of the other side of the House, could have any in-
disposition to suffer that paper, together with the
rest of the materials on the subject, to be referred
to a standing committee, as the gentleman from
Alabama pioposed, or to a select and special com-
mittee,as he (Air. I.) believed would have been the
better course, and more fitting on this occasion.
PTc begged leave to lead to the House the whole
of what President Washington said, in the pres- !
ence of his*Secretary of State, Timothy Pick* rino- !
—whom nobody would charge with Democracy— I
on the 1st of January, 1796, when the French !
minister, Adet, presented to him the colors of
France. He took the whole paragraph, fiom
which Mr. Rush, our minister at France, quoted
only the last part. This was only part of his
speech—the warmest he ever made, although no
doubt he spoke the honest sentiments of his" mag-
nanimous mind:
"f receive,,sir, with lively sensibility the symbol of the
triumph* and of the enliciuehisemrnt of your i aiiun, the
colois of Prance, which >ou hive now presented to ihe
United Sr-tre-. The tiansaetion will !>*: announe. d to Con-
grr^, and ihe coin,-swill he deported to the archives of the
United rftate-.. whu h are nt oru e the evidence and the j e-
ltioiiah ol their livtduin and indrpendi nee. Mav thi> b.-
p -rpetual; and may the friendship of the two republics be-
come eomiuetismratt with their existence!"
Now, upon this proceeding of the Piesident of
the United States on the first of the year—on the
l^t of January, 1796, which in his speech lie said
he selected because it was a day of general joy—
Upon the reading to this House of what General
\V«\jshinirion communicated in his message of Jan-
uary 4, 1<96, what action was had? He read from
the Journal:
« A in 's-jt£o in writing wa« received from the President
of the United States, by Air. Dandiulge, ln&. Secma?y. a^
follow eih: 5
" TTsitfd Ptatfs, January 4, 1796.
" Gentlemen of the Sera.te and llou e ofRej rcsa.'t'itivps:
" A Idler fiom the MniM r P'eni;x>teniiar\ oi th,- French
Repubho, r •< etved on the 23 I of the I i-t month, covered an
nddre s d*t<d the 21st of CK-tober. 17i.4, from the committee
of Paid c S.iflty to tne Kep'esentatnea ol t.ie United Mates
ia<'o,er'sn, ;md aNo informed me that he whs ui^tilifted
by the Committee to present to the United S aie> the colois
ol Fiance. I thereupon proposed to leceive mem laft Fri-
day , tlie fii.-t da> ol the new yea'— a da\ oi g-neial iov and
cong atu.'cuion. On that da> the Minister of t.ie rivi.eh
Kepul.h'* deliverer} the color-, with an addies*, to which [
letnnn d an answer. B\ the latter the lioiw will see that
I have inform -d the i\iiin t-i that t! e colors would be de-
po-ite 1 with the .uchives o-' the United Stales.
u But it jtemed to me proper pie\ioiisly to exhibit to the
two Houses of ('oucie-.N the«e < vnlences ot the continued
friend-hip of the Ficnch Rrpub ie? together with itie sei.u-
expressed h\ me on the o^ca-zon, in belialf of the i
Uuited States. They are iieiewitii communicated. I
« 00. WASHINGTON. '
"The said message and papers therein referred to were
read and considered. Whereupon,
'•Resolved) unanimously. That the President of-the United
States be requested to umk>.' known to tlie representative?*
of the French people that this Hou-o hath received with
| tlie most sincere and lively feasibility the communication
ot the Committee of Public Snieu, dated the 21st of 0  to-
her, 1794, accompanied with the colors of the French' Re-
public. and to assure them that the presentation of the co!or<
of the French Republic to the Congress of the United States
i-* deemed'the mo?t honorable testimonial of the existing
sympathies and affections of the two Republic', founded
upon theirsohd and reciprocal interests,and that this House
; rejoices in the opp irtanitv thereby afforded to eonjjia'nlate
I the French nation upon the brill.ant and glorious acfin ve-
itierits which have been accomplished under their influence
j during the present afflicting war, and confidently hope- that
j those achievements u ill be attend.-d with the perfect alt.iin-
I ment of their object, the permanent e&tnbli-hment of the
' liheitiesand happiness n'"a great and nngnanunou« p.mple.
j "Ordered^ Thar Mr Gile.i and Mr. Samuel Smith Im ap-
pointed a committee to wait on the President with tlie fore-
S going resolution."
| Now, suffer him (Mr. I.) to add, that he had
i understood that the message of the President, as
! it had been read m the Senate, contained an allu-
| sion to the fiist treaty signed by the representa-
j tives of the United States—the treaty of Pans,
signed by Benjamin Franklin, Silas Deane, and
Arthur Lee. together with Mr. Gerard, the first
minister of the United States to Fiance—a treaty
which he had often heard the late John Q,. Adams
j say contained the germ of all the great principles
| of commercial and maritime freedom, as anybody
, would be satisfied by an examination of its pro-
I visions.
This was a great occasion. It was not necessary
that he should follow his friend from Illinois [Mr.
McClernand] in the expression of his opinions.
His object was to see that whatever was done
might be worthy of this great occasion, and with
as nearly as possible the unanimity of the former
occasion; that there might be no paity division,
i but that the voice of the American people might
!i be spoken as it ought to be spoken—the voice of
!j twenty millions of people, which everybody knew
!; could not be spoken without immense effect. And
:: suffer me (said iVlr. I.) simply to say, in reference
|[ to an opinion that I see has been expressed by a
i highly distinguished member of this Congress' in
'i another branch of this building—w ith whom I began
! public life here, and under whom it may be said i
! served my apprenticeship heie; foi whom nobody
i has unifoimly entertained stronger, kinder, moie
respectful feelings-—suffer me to say that that gen-
; t'eman's doctrine that we are to wait is to me a
! new doctrine, which would throw our weight into
i the scale of confusion, of civil war, and very prob-
| ably of despotic government; whereas, if we act
i promptly, if we act unanimously, or nearly 50, if
j we act with the dignity, if we act with the decorum
I that becomes this great occasion, the consequence
! must be, without any other interference than the
mere expression of the good will of the American
people and tlie Congress of the United States, and
now (with the communication of the President, of
all theHbranches of this Government) that every-
where, not metely in Fiance, but in Italy, England,
Germany, eveiywhere, the consequence must be
f the peaceable establishment of something at least
!' approximating to the public institutions of this
i country.
j He should not (he remarked) express any opin*
| ion as to what these resolutions ought to be; but
j the withholding them any longer than was neces-
1 sary to couch in proper phrase the judgment of
this c.ountiy, was to promote war and discoid—to
encourage the return of despotism in its worst and
most dangerous form. He had nothing further
to say, than that he trusted that this matter would
be done, when it was done, with the dignity that
belonged to this House and the other House of
Congress—with the decorum that belonged to the
country. He trusted that 'hese resolutions would
be referred to a select committee, and promptly
reported and acted on.
Mr. HASKELL remarked, that it was known
to the House,"that, during the last week, he had
given formal notice that upon this day it was his
intention to introduce resolutions here expressive
ofLhe feelings of the country and of this Congress
in reference to the recent political or r&voluthmary
movement in France. He had desired to imbody
in the form of a tesolution such a temperate, but
at the same time distinct, expression of sentiment,
as lie thought would fully accord with the feehn^
that now animated the bosom of the people of this
country, and winch would be cheering and grati-
fying to the people of France, And, for the pur-
pose of commencing a few remarks, he would read
to the House—which he had the rteht to do, for
he could not get it done at the Clerk's to Me—the
resolutions he had intended to offer to this body:
Resolved fry the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United Stutts of J3merit<i m Gon«re*t! a<senih ed, Tlial in the
reouit p diticai revolution in Fnmce, resulting in the t ue-
ce.~ ful o\ ertluowof a monan hy,aud ihs adoption of a well-
ordered Provisional Government preparatory to the estab-
lishment of permanent fre« institution®, they find ample
eauv to rejoice with the friends of republican governments
throughout the woild, and especially with the patriotic peo-
ple 01 France, to whom are hereby tendered tin; ^mpiihies
and congratulations of the people and government of the
United Elites.
J«jolved, That the toleration and forbearance, the gpner-
o^jty and m.tgn.iminitv, the tfc^iic to maintain order and to
prevent excesses, which chaiacteiized th" c tUensof Paris
on Ihe three memoiable da\"? of the revolution, (the 22d,
2)o, and 2Jth of Febrtiarv la^t,) afford n u eli-LOound.-d hop*
that tlie work which they have vo au-pu mu-K Iviiin will
b" happily consummated, to the honor and welfare 0! the
French nation, in ihe permanent c^tahli.-hmeur o- a free
republican ffovemmejii, nnbxhing the ^ieat principles of
constitutional end regal ited liberty.
Resolvei) That the President of the United State* be re-
queued to ca'use a copy of the foreyomg resolunon* to be
transmitted t the American nnnist« r resident at l'aiis? with
instructions to present them to the Provisional Government
of France.
These resolutions he had endeavored to draw
up so as studiously to avoid any commitment of
the United States or of this Congress to any of
the excesses which yet might flow out of this great
political movement in France. He was satisfied
they would meet with the general approbation of
the House. He thought the time had come, that
it was already here, when, without hesitation—
promptly, as became them—thev should moke
some manifestation of the feeling of this Congress
in reference to the great political movement in
France. In the hour of our distress, when we
were endeavoring to throw off of our shoulders the
burden of tyranny and oppression, France did not
stand coldly by, and fold her arms, and look on
to see what would be the result, but she flew to
our aid in the midst of the glorious struggle, and
the life-blood of Frenchmen was poured out 111 be-
half of American independence. He saw much in
the movement of France to enlist our sympathies
and c.ill for our congratulations at this moment.
This movement in France assimilated itself to no
j other which had hitherto marked the history of
that nation; it was characterized by none of those
u itd excesses, by none of that featful violem e and
bloodshed which had been exhibited on ptevious
occasions. It had been a regular, peaceful, and,
as near as could be, a bloodless 1 evolution. The
blood of French citizens had flowed in the streets
of Paris, but it was the blood of the people who
were endeavoring to establish for themselves true,
constitutional, well-regulated republican govern-
ment, and not of the rulers they were endeavoring
to reject. In the conduct of Lamartine, of Arago,
of the great leading spirits of this movement, we
saw nothing but what afforded high proof of
patriotism and of honest- desire to exerf their in-
fluence for the best ends. The French people dtd
not themselves at fir*t perceive the extent of the
great movement. Their fiist efforts were to do
away with their odious ministers, not to over-
turn the entire Government and establish a repub-
lic; but the spirit of the people was up; it could
not be suppressed; and what was intended only
as a partial revolution had ripened almost into
the full fruition of constitutional libeity* We had
seen the leaders, the great political movers of
this revolution, standingm 'he faee of the people
of France, quelling- a mob, putting down their
movements, endeavoring to prevent bloodshed,
and bring them to nccomplish their purposes peace-
ably, constitutionally. In this we had reason to
rejoice, and in the conduct of the great and patri-
otic men who had led this movement we saw much
to sympathize with.
He was sorry that it had been thought proper
by any gentleman, especially by any gentleman on
this side of the Hou^c, to introduce an amendment
calculated to defeat the verv object which they had
m view in proposing to express the sympathies of
Congress and of the American people in all sec-
tions of the Union with France. What did the
people of the South care whether France abolished
slavery in her colonies or not? As a southern
man, he stood ready to rejoice with Franee in ihe
establishment of freedom, and of regular, well-
constituted lil erty. She inisfht abolish slavery jf
she saw proper. It was a matter with which we
had nothing to do- But the introduction of the
