576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3.
" emanating- from and based upon the will of the
1 governed,"suited to their wants and condition,
1 and such as will securc to them liberty and
* safety," because he thought it was evident—the
history of mankind had shown the correctness of
his opinion, and he doubted not would continue
to show its correctness—that a republican gov-
ernment could not exist as a great central gov-
ernment. The histories of France, and Rome,
and Greece, gave their attestation to this truth.
France could not maintain a great central repub-
can government. France must divide her empire
into States. She must establish local governments,
where the rights of property and personal'liberty
* should obtain security from local legislation. And
when she had divided her empire, and in each
division established a local government which
should satisfy and depend on the will of the govern-
ed, she must emulate us still further. She must
link those several divisions together by a national
government, established on the same principle as
our own. Enlightened as this Congress might be,
patriotic as he doubted not it was, it could not sat-
isfactorily legislate for twenty-eight or thirty States
of this Union. There were many interests which
could not be legislated upon but by a local legis-
lature. Congress could not wisely legislate for
Maine and Louisiana, for Michigan and Virginia.
The legislation for those States must be local and
immediate, or it would not be efficient and such as
would answer the purpose of their citizens. So,
if France were made a great central republic, and
if Pans were made the great heart of that mighty
, republic, when Paris should move, every limb and
nerve would quiver in sympathy. There would
be danger tn such a government. It would be im-
practicable m its operation. Make such a repub-
lic, and it would inevitably dissolve in a compara-
tively short period of ume in confusion and blood.
Hence he had introduced into his resolutions the
qualifying terms which he had read, hoping that
she would succeed in establishing lree and consti-
tutional governments, emanating from and based
upon the will of the governed, suited to their wants
and condition, and such as will secure to them lib-
erty and safety. Did gentlemen take exceptions
to that? If the gentlemen from Tennessee and
Alabama objected to that, he desired that their ob-
jections should be promulgated here, that it miWit
be known what tiiey were. But he believed they
could not object to a resolution which simply in-
dicates that if France should establish a central
republican government, she would establish a
government whose construction was incompati-
ble with permanency—a government which could
not exist; and if France tried it, we should see
her fall, if, however, she should divide her em-
pire into Stales of suitable size, and establish local
constitutional legislatures in each, and then link
together these sovereignties into one great national
government, France could and would, with proper
moderation, succeed. France asked for no sym-
pathy from this country. The sympathy they
proposed to oiler was a voluntary ottering, it was
a fiee and spontaneous expiession of the public
sympathy pervading this Union. They all knew
that the crowned heads of Europe were ever war-
ring against the principle of lepublicanism. in
Mexico they warred against it, by their intrigues.
In the United States it was subjected to their sneers
and mockeries. But when a prince was born,
Europe celebrated the event with extravagant fes-
tivities; and when a republic was born among the
nations of the earth, should not republican America
rejoice and be exceeding glad? Were our voices
to be hushed into silence, were our hps to be
sealed, were our hearts not to heave with joy, lest
we .should expose ourselves to some imaginary
evil? No. Liberty had been secured for Fiance.
France lias performed a miracle; she had accom-
plished that which had never before been done by
a nation of thuiy-five millions of people; she had
overthrown and cast from her the most crafty and
subtle enemy of free government, though allied
with four other crowned heads; and America had
in this much cause to rejoice. The King of the
French was not only in close alliance with the
pi iricipul Coui ts of Europe, but he had family alli-
ances with Brazil, and Spam, and Belgium, and
other Courts, likewise. He was the proudest
monarch of Europe; his was a CouU the most
splendid in the woiid; and he fondly hoped that
his descendants might sit on that throne which he \
had so long occupied, and the power of which he J
had exerted to extort by taxation hundreds of mil-
lions from his people, whose subjection he ima-
gined he could secure by cannon planted freely
around them. But where now was that throne?
Swept away as a worthless bauble. And where
was that haughty and powerful monarch? An exile
in a foreign land, whose shores he sought, weaned
and penniless. He supplicated the protection of
England's Queen, in the borrowed garb of a sail-
or, and by the voluntary aid of poor fishermen.
Surely, such a revolution as this, with so small a
loss of life—so perfect a change, with so little to
deplore in its accomplishment, should not pass by
without eliciting our joyful approval.
He must expiess the hope that France would
study well the principles of the government she
was about to establish, so that she would secure
the good of the governed, and then that France
would be let alone by other Governments. France,
as had been said by one of her statesmen and phi-
losophers who assisted to control the elements of
her revolution—France, as was said by Lamartine,
was no propagandist, desirous to disturb the other
nations of Europe. All that France wanted was,
to be let alone, and she would vindicate herself and
secure her rights.
But he must pass on to the next resolution,
which tendered our sympathies and hopes of suc-
cess to every people who are seeking the blessings
of free and rational government, it expressed the
opinion, that whatever of blood and treasure might
be spent in the struggle of the oppressed against
the oppressor was to be charged to tiie unjust lesist-
ance of the oppressor, who strove to hold and ex-
ercise the rights of the people, usurped against
their will, and exercised for the benefit of the few
and the oppression of the many, and not to the peo-
ple, who sought only to legani and exercise their
natural rights in such manner as would best secure
and promote their own happiness and safety. And
was there a bosom in that House that would not
| heave responsively to such sentiments' When he
drew that resolution he had his mind's eye on a
particular Government, tie was contemplating
the colossal power of Austria, the enemy of fiee
government, and ever ready to secure to royalty
affluence and power, while us subjects pined in pov-
erty and chains. JNow, he denied that the God of
Nature ever intended that monarchs should usurp
the rights of men. God never designed that one
man, uy a meie ukase, should consign miserable
men to Siberia, there to linger out a trozen exist-
ence. Governments which sanctioned such tyran-
nies, and usurped the rights of the people, were
unjust governments. He acknowledged not 44 the
divine right of kings," which was taught by the
Governments of Europe; and he approved the doc-
trine which they disapproved, that tne people pos-
sessed the capacity tor self-government. Under
the surveillance of the minister, the want of capa-
city in the people and the divine right of kings was
instilled into the minds of the Au&trians, and her
press inculcated the same doctrine. For forty
years Prince Mettermch, who knew no superior
as a crafty statesman, had maintained these doc-
trines; but even lie, when he heard the nghis of
the people were secured in France, laid down his
robes and skulked from the place which he had so
long disgraced.
in these resolutions he had expressed simple
elementary trut, s, as well as iunUamental princi-
ples of government, for the security of true libei ty,
and when they were read by intelligent minds, u
would be seen that they were such as all the friends
ot liberty could approve. They weret>imply this:
weiejoice that the freedom ot mankind and the
principles of free government are progiessmg; and
in the cases of France and italy we express the
hope that they may succeed m effecting their re-
forms and in establishing tree and constitutional
governments, which will secure to them liberty
and salety. He would no longer trespass on the
attention of the House.
Mr. GIDDiJN'GS desired to express his hearty
concurrence in the resolutions ot his colleague,
[Mr. Cummins;] and he took this occasion to thank
that gentleman lor the feelings which prompted
him to bring them forward at this seasonable pe-
riod. He would be ignorant of the sensations of
his own breast on the pies ent occasion if he could
indulge in any party feeling. It was an occasion
thatieachod luither than party,and took a strong-
er hold of the feelings ot mankind. These reso-
lutions were as broad as the territory of civilized
man; nay, further, they embraced the whole fam-
ily of man. They-looked to the raising up, to the
exalting of our race; to the enlightening of the
ignorant, to the freeing of the bound, and to the lib-
eration of those who were in shackles; they looked
to the disarming of the tyrant and to the wresting
of the scourge from the overseer's hands, and he
again expressed his thanks to his colleague for in-
troducing them. Buthewas prompted byanotber
reason on the present occasion. The little expe-
rience he had had in this Hal! had taught him ti
foiesee the fate of his colleague's resolutions. They
would not pass this body. His colleague would
have his aid to carry them through, and the aid of
many others on this floor; but nevertheless their
fate was sealed. He would say to the gentlemen
who were ready to vote for these "resolutions, " You
cannot get such a series of self-condemning reso-
lutions through this body." He cared not what
party he addressed in this House; these burning
truths would not be uttered by the men who con-
trol this Government. It never would be, it never
could be; and in making these remarks, he repeat-
ed, he spoke not as a party man. He imputed
nothing wrong to the opposite party. He rejoiced
at the evidence of justice and propriety which
prompted a member of the other side of the House
to offer these resolutions. He rejoiced even more
than if they had come from his own side.
But he regretted somewhat that his colleague was
not a little more explicit, and that he did not go as
far as those who sat here in i776, and gave expres-
sion to the feelings of their breasts in the undying
truths and burning words which they uttered. He
regretted that his colleague with them had not main-
tained that man, whatever his complexion, or color,
or station, or degree might be, was bom free and
equal; though he did not expect to see his colleague
carry such burning truths through this House. We
dared not repeat what our forefathers proclaimed to
an admiring world. No, we dared not assert the
rights ofourrace—vvecould notstand foith free from
contaminating prejudices and say to the world that
man, in all his varied station and complexion, is
born free and equal. His colleague was somewhat
cautious.when speaking of this point. While he
(Mr. G.) rejoiced as heartily as any man could re-
joice, that the chains of oppression by which the
people of France were bound and held in bondage
had been broken—while he rejoiced as heartily as
( any man could rejoice that the crowned head of
^that nation had lost his power—he rejoiced more
sincerely and deeply when he looked to the three
hundred thousand slaves, bound down by chains
that were festering and rusting into the flesh, and
considered what their feelings must be when the
news was carried to them that the hour of their
freedom approached. Had he the eloquence of a
Patrick Henry and the inspiration of an ancient
Roman, he could notgive expression to thefeeiinos
of his heart when he read the decree of the Pro-
visional Government of France that us colonial
slavery was abolished. But he was humbled and
mortihedthathis colleague dared not allude to those
three hundred thousand men, and women, and
children, who for ages had groaned and sighed
and wept in slavery, but who now were soon to
stand forth in all the dignity of mankind. Th.y
would remain no longer in the capacity of chattels,
to be bought and s dd, but they would be raised to
the dignity of their nature, the dignity of man, and
to the enjoyment of those rights from which they
had been so long debarred. When the glad tidings
were conveyed_to those husbands and wives and
fathers and children, what must have been the
emotions of their breasts? And should he hesitate
to speak forth here in a Christian land and in a
Christian Congress, the outpourings of his heart
and soul on such an occasion ?
Mr. HASKELL desired to say to the gentleman
fion) Ohio, that if there were any slaves in the col-
onies of France, he was ignorant of the spoL where
they were to be found. He was informed by a
gentleman who was well versed in the history of the
trench Government, and he believed that this de-
cree ot the Provisional Government was introduced
by M. Arago, who was more of a philosopher than
a statesman, and who was perhaps ignorant on the
subject of colonial slavery, if there were any
slaves in the French colonies, he would be glad if
tiie gentleman from Ohio would tell him where.
Mr. GiDDINGS. Go to any abolition society
north of Mason and Dixon's line, and they will
tell you. From them the gentleman from Tennes-
