580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
except to say that ihey have been characterized so far hy
mode-anon and mapianimity in the midst of triumphs of a
to have intoxicated minds less pure and linn than
happily are beheved to bo possessed by its leading members.
1 pass to what, foremost of all at present, I am bound to
report to you—namely, the past which, as representing the
United .States, I have taken under the new duties that en-
compassed me.
Oil Saturday, the 93th, I received an intimation, earnest-
ly given, that my personal presence at the Hotel de Ville,
to cheer and felicitate the provisional government, would
be acceptable. The intimation was not officially sent, but
I believed it to be true.
I asked a shoit interval for reflection.
Before the day was out, I imparted my determination to
take the step.
Monday morning, the 38th, was the tune appointed for it;
and accoidtngly I Impaired to the flotel de Viile, tne Secre-
tary of Legation accompanying me.
To the provisional government there assembled, I deliv-
ered the address, a copy of which is enclosed.
Jt was Cordially received, and M. Arago, on the part of the
members, replied to it.
He remarked that they heard without surpiise, but with
lively pleasure, what I said; France expected it from an nliy
to whom she now drew so close by the proclamation of the
republic. He thanked me, iiv thename of the Piovisional
Government, for the wishes I expie«sed for tiie greatness
and prosperity of France; and m alluding to th« words it
had called up from General Washington'- addie^s in 1796 on
receiving the French colors, he expressed a confidence that
they would be not inertly a desire, but a reality.
M. Dupont, (de 1'Cure.) as President of tho Provisional
Govern merit, then advanced, and, taking me bv Mic hand, said,
"The French people grasps that of tne Amencan nation."
Here tne ceremony ended. In coming awa>, three of the
members of the Government conducted us out of the budd-
ing; the guard presented arms, and cries w>mt up of " Five
la Repvhl.ique des Etats UnisMajor Poussin, a French
officer, who accompanied General Bernard to the United
States, and who, from his attachment to our country, was
naturalized there, al<o attended me.
On Sunday, the 27th, 1 received the note of that day's
date from M. Lamartine, as Provisional Minis-fir of Fo«eign
Affairs, which announced to me,m official form, the exist-
ence.of the hew government. 1 answered it on Monday.
Copies of the note and answer are enclosed.
The Provisional Government published my answer the
morning after its reception. My address of Monday has
also appeared in the newspaper—not, however, m its exact
form, I hail wntten it out, to guard against inaecuiacies on
an occasion so grave. and left the paper m the hands of the
Provisional Government; a fcranscupt of which you now have.
This succinct narrative will accurately apprize the Free-
dom of" what I have done. I shnli anxiouslyavvaithis judg-
ment upon it all. The events were as new as momentous.
They hud transcended all expectation. Jn lecogmzmgfhe J
new ?.tate of lluu^, a* far a  I could without your anstiuc- !
tions, and in doing it promptly and solemnly. I had the deep ■
conviction that f was Meppins: forth in aid of thegre.it cau-e '
of order in France and bevond Fiance, and that f was act- J
ing ni the "spirit of my Government and eounTiy. the inter- '
prefer of wiio-e voice it fell upon me suddenly to become, j
If I erred, I must hone that the motives which swajed me :
will be my shield. The Pro\ l-ional Government needed all :
the mor<d support attainable, after a revolutionary hurncane I
which shook societv to it< base, and left everything at fir-t I
portentous and trembling. In such an exigency, hours, mo- !
meuts were important; and the United Stales are felt as a !
Powerin the world, under the blow that has been struck. j
I am not unaware that the eouise I have pursued departs \
from diplomatic Usage, and separates me, for the lime being, ,
from the European diplomatic corpx accredited, like myself, I
to tne late Government of France, all the members of which j
will probably wait instructions before adopting any steps of j
recognition. Having actcd under a pense of independent j
duty m the emergency, I am, however, not the less aware
thai t'ie diplomatic cojps represents countiies in friendly
relations with the United States, and that *t will hence be
as much my duty a- inclination to go on maintaining that
amicable footing w ith it*, members, evei dictated by recipro-
cal good-will among tiie repie&ent.nives of friendly Poweis,
whatevei different forms of government fhev may repie--ent.
J have the honor, ice., RICHARD RUSH.
Hon. James Buchanan, Secretary of Slate.
To the Members oftLe Provisional Government of the French '
Republic:
Gentlemen: As the representative of the United States, '
charged with the interests and lights of mv country and of ;
Ametican citizens now in France, and too far off to wait i
instruction-*, I seize this eaily opportunity of tendering to j
you my felicitations, not doubting the sanction of my Gov- j
erwncnt to the step I thus take m advance. Nor" can I ;
avoid th" occasion of sajmg that the memory of the ancient •
alliance ami ftirndsinp between France and the United
Sfafes i* ever fresh and grateful with us, and that 1 am of
ooth! i'£! more sure than that the voice of my country will be '
umvci-al and hud f.r tiie prosperity, happiness, and glory !
of Fiai" c under tiie institution* i-he has announced, subject
to rant cation by ih-t national will. All will ardently hope '
tha  tniough her v i-doni the results maybe benefieial to !
mankind. of whicu i!,e magnanimous bearing of her people !
in *h° h'te events aflcuds so auspicious a promise. It is '
nnd"i m-titiUintiv that the*United Stdtes have for1
sevf ciy\ear> emoyod constant piosperity, with a Govern-
mei,f of umfotui -iabil.'-yx find whilst they invariably leave
to other nations (lie of,oioe of their own forms, Without mter-
fer ney m any wnj, would natuially rejoice in behold-
ing 'I.is irt'eat nation flourish under lnstuutions which have
j p^ni'*d tor ihem-ej\<■-> ;he blessings of social oider and
pubh ? hberiy.
/.I'o'.v me, th'-*n, s "itlemcn, usina the words of the sreat
and good Washington, t'u immortal founder of my country,
on an occasion whici. " e picsent lOealls, to signalize this
addre?s to \oa, by mingling my felicitations with a fervent
aspiration that "tiu friendship of the two republics
hat be commessurate with their existence."
Paris, le 27 Fevrier> 1848.
Monsiecr: J'ai 1'honneur de vous informer que le gouv-
ernementprovi&oire de la r^publique Fran§aise m5aconfi6
le portefeuillfi des Affaires Etrang&res. La forme r^pub-
licaine du nouvetiu gouvemement n'achange m la place de
la FranceenEutope,nisesdisposittonsloyaiesetsinc£res b.
maintenir ses rapports de bonne harmonie avec les Puis-
sances qui voudront, comnie elle, l'ind6pendance des na-
tions et la paix du monde.
Ce sera un bonheur pour moi, Monsieur, de concouiir
par tous les moyens en mon pouvoir ^ cet accord des pen-
pies dansleur dignity i£ciproque, et & rappeler 6. {'Europe
quo le pnncipe de paix et le principe de liberty sont n6s e
m^me jour en France. Recevez, &c., LAMARTINE.
Monsieur Rush, Ministre Pl6nipotentiaire dee Etats Unis &
Paris.
Legation of the United States,
Paris, February 28, lb-18.
Pin- I have the honor to acknowledge your note of yes-
terday, informing me that the Provisional Government of
the French Republic has confided the department of foreign
affairs to your bands. The choice, sii, I will dare to say,
will be regarded by the world as a favorable first step in the
new order of things; and I shall have great satisfaction m
transmitting to my Government, by the earliest opportunity,
a copy of your communication, not doubting its cordial
reception. In the mean time, sir, I will be ready, under
your peimission, to transact with you whatever business
m<iy appertain to my country, or American citizens in
Franco.
The United States, having learned from their own expe-
rience the value of free institutions, will naturally antici-
pate from similar institutions m France, administered with
the wisdom and moderation of which the enlarged and be-
neficent principles announced in your note are the auspi-
cious harbingers, nothing but the Lestiesuits to tiie interests
and well-being of both countries.
I pray von to accept these early assurances of the very
high con«ideiation with which I have the honor to he, sir,
your mo«t obedient seivant, RICHARD RUSH.
To his Exccllcncy M. de Lamartine, Minister of Foreign
Affairs, &c., he., &c.
Mr.HANNEGAN moved that the message and
accompanying documents be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and printed for the
use of the Senate.
Mr. ALLEN said he could see no necessity for
a reference of the message. It asked for no action
on the part of Congress, and consequently required
no investigation by a committee.
Mr. HANNEGAN replied that he had made
the motion because it was usual, and certainly the
most respectful course to be pursued when an Ex-
ecutive message was received.
Air. ALLEAr expressed a hope that the refer-
ence would not have the eiFect of delaying1 the action i
of the Senate on the joint resolutions which he had
the honor to submit.
t Mr. HANNEGAN said he had no intention to
delay action on the resolutions of the Senator from
Ohio, and he was not aware that the reference
would have such effect.
The message was then referred.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. CASS presented a petition from a meeting
of wounded soldiers in the war with Great Britain,
asking an increase of the present rate of pensions;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DAVIS presented a petition from citizens
of the United States in favor of the purchase of
MountVernon by the General Government; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DIX presented a memorial from Horace
Southmoyd & Son, asking reimbursement for du-
ties levied on goods shipped to Tampico; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Also, a memorial from physicians and apotheca-
ries in the District of Columbia against the import-
ation of spurious and adulterated drugs and medi-
cines; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented a petition from citi-
zens of Hillsbury county, Florida, asking a grant
of land to erect a court-house in said county; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committeeon Indian (
Affairs, reported a joint resolution to sanction an '
agreement made between the Wyandots and Del- I
awares for the purchase of certain lands by the i
former of the latter tribe of Indians; which was i
read a first time.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee of!
Claims, reported House bill for the relief of Wil-
liam Hogan, administrator of Michael Hogan, de- i
ceased, without amendment, accompanied by a '
report. 1
'On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT, \
Resolved, That the Commissioner of the General Land ;
Oliiee be directed to repoit to the Senate, as soon as practi- !
cable, an abstract or list of all permits granted under the acts
i for the armed occupation of Florida, specifying in different
11 columns the number and date of each permit, names of set-
i: tier*, designation of land, number of section, date, per-on to
whom permit was delivered, whether head of a family or
. single man, whether land designated was-surveyed and
i when, and ifso, its de-ignation by the surveys, and the cases
' which have been rejected or suspended, and the reason
therefor, and when and to whom lands included in permits
have been sold by the United States, and in what cases set-
, tiers have availed themselves of the amendatory act of 1844;
; and also copies of all instructions for the execution of said
laws by the General Land Office; and also to report whether
, in his opinion any additional legislation is proper to effect
the object of said laws.
The private bills received from the House were
read a first and second time by their titles, and
appropriately referred.
; THE FRENCH REVOLUTION.
Mr. ALLEN" moved to postpone the previous
, orders, and to take up the joint resolutions relative
to the revolution in Franco.
! Mr. CRITTENDEN expressed a hope that the
, Senate would proceed to the consideration of the
! bill concerning the Supreme Court of the United
; States, which had been made the special order for
Friday last, and which it was important to act on
, without delay.
' Mr. ALLEN thought the bill referred to by the
1 Senator from Kentucky would lead to a long dis-
| cussion. On the other hand, he believed the joint
' resolutions would occupy but a short time. Al-
though he was prepared to give his views on the
i subject, he was perfectly willing to yield his pur-
| pose rather than postpone the passage of the reso-
; lutions. He thought they could be disposed of
; to-day. As far as he had ascertained the wishes
• of Senators, he did not think there was any dispo-
sition on that side of the Chamber to go into a long
I debate. Before he sat down, however, he could
' not forbear from a reference to a single fact, which
: showed that there was at least precedent for the
! course he urged. [Here Mr. A. read from the
i Journal of the House of Representatives of the
10th of February, 1820, the proceedings of that
: body on the resolution submitted by Mr. Clay, on
1 the emancipation of the Spanish colonies in South
America from the yoke of Spain, which was sub-
! mitted on that day, and disposed of without ad-
1 journment.--}
Mr. A', asked for the yeas and nays on his mo-
tion to postpone the previous orders, and they were
ordered.
Mr. BAGBY said it was not because he did not
feel a deep sympathy with the French people in
their pending struggle for free institutions that he
had already given his vote in favor of laying the
resolutions on the table, but because, in an event
of such vast importance, he had anticipated some
official communication from the minister of the
United States at Paris. The message of this day
proved that he had not miscalculated. That com-
munication had been made to the Executive, and
by him had been transmitted to the Senate; and he
thought this message would be the most proper
basis for the action of Congress. Again: in a matter
so momentous in its character and consequences as
the overthrowing of a long-established and power-
ful form of government, and the building up of an-
other on its ruins, it did occur to him as highly
necessary, before we took any step in the business,
all the lights of prudence and wisdom and grave
deliberation should be called in for our guidance.
With this view, while he had been compelled, on
some questions, and with great reluctance, to differ
from the views of the distinguished Senator from
South Carolina, on this occasion he felt happy to
be able fully to coincide with the opinions that
able Senator had expressed—opinions alike honor-
able to his high standing as a statesman and a
Senator, and his long experience in public life.
He did think, with that honorable Senator, that
we ought to wait until we should have acquired
some more certain evidence that the proceedings of
the people of France would bring about that result
which we all so ardently desire and confidently
look for. It may be that good cause will be given
for our congratulations; but the end might not be
such as to justify congratulation. Could he be as-
sured that the sun of freedom which was now rising
in France would cast its beneficent radiance not
only over her people, but over the whole of Eu-
rope, heartily indeed would he rejoice. But if the
transitory gleam was to be speedily eclipsed by
clouds, and the thunder-storm of war should sud-
denly burst forth like a destructive tornado, sweep-
ing, desolating, and destroying all within its path,
