582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
My friend was not regularly educated; but with
a stiong natural intellect, with a power of reflec-
tion and observauon seldom equalled, passing a
busy and eventful life, he had supplied, in all the
essential elements, the want of education in the
amount of information that he had amassed, and
those treasures from personal observation that he
had collected.
One or two more remarks, and I have done.
There are those who believe that the success of a
public man in popular elections, is no evidence
either of virtue in the constituent, or of influence
or aptitude for the appointment in the representa-
tive. This is a great mistake. One who, without
other circumstances than mere merit, can fasten
and retain the public confidence, has a charm of
excellence about him, an (indefinable fascination of
chaiacter and qualifications, which, although ac-
quaintances individually may not discover "it, yet
constitutes a kind of divine and political electricity,
which, without explanation, works its mighty
power in this unherse of election and popular
right, and under the appointment of God, and by
the common sense of the people, cariie.s foiward
the great system of the government. My friend
possessed this power. No man living ever had
more of it; no one saw why. Other men were
By Mr. BADGER: From Agnes Freeland, ask-
ing, for a pension as widow of a revolutionary
officer.
By Mr. DIX: From G. R. Cox and other citi-
zens of the United States, asking that the owners
of steam-vessels may be compelled to adopt Evans's
safety guard in the construction of all engines used
in the passenger boats.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEA VE.
whilst he wan stationed near St. Mary's, the intre-
pidity of his benevolence and courage was pwt to
a test called for by a signal exertion to save life.
By one of those sudden floods which occur in that
: part of the country, the hedges, causeways, and
i houses were submerged and swept away, destroy-
i ing many lives and property'. Captam Black,
I wjth much peril to himself, found a gentleman,
then a young midshipman, now a captain in the
t> *T>. iv/i!T t T?r> V  •" a i-ii I iiavYi insensible and exhausted, floating on the
By Mr. MILLLR, in pursuance of notice: A bill :! wr,4 nf a Thia ™ hearing
relating to dower.
By Mr. PHELPSr A bill granting a pension to !
William Pittman. !
By Mr. RUSK: A bill regulating trade afid in- .
tercourse with the various tribes of Indians residing |
within the limits of Texas. ;
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
By Mr. CASS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs: House bill for the relief of Colonel Robert :
Wallace, aid-de-camp of General William Hull, ■
without amendment. j
Also, from the same committee, the bill for the i
payment of the 4th regiment of the 2d brigade of j
the 3d division of the Vermont militia, for services :
at the battle of Platts'ourg. 1
By Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee of j
Claims: House bill for the relief of Archibald Bull ,
superior to him in attainments, superior to him in __
accomplishments, superior to him in wealth, seem- |! and Lemuel S. Finch, without amendment, and
ingly superior to him in every advantage that would f recommending its passage.
have a tendency to bind man to man, and bestow
political or social influence; yet not a man breathed
in this Congress, or elsewhere, within the whole
circle of his acquaintance, who had the power m
a. greater degree than the deceased, to bind as with
hooks of steel to himself, all who knew him or
called him friend. Among his immediate constit-
uency, his position was peculiar and lovely. The
great Senator of JNfew "\ork, without wealth, rep- compensation paid to
resented the character of a Roman merely from ,! Ciubb; wnich was agr<
merit, distinguished and useful. So my friend was
poor, though useful and popular. This I speak in
praise of him: it is his highest eulogy. He had
no adventitious influences of wealth, of position,
to bind him to his people; nothing but his prin-
ciple of devotion to truth and to popular right, that ,
attached them to him. :
In all his life, he did his duty well; and in his 1
death, there is nothing, now that that event is past, ,
to regret. He was happy in his death, in that he
passed quietly, as I have already noticed, through ■
the dark valley and shadow. ' !
I will not now attempt even to imagine, much
less to speak words of consolation to the grief of
the widow and the orphan. Time alone", under
the persuasive influences of Christian faith, can
give comfort here. Commending his family to i
those consolations, X ask the adoption of the fol- '
lowing resolutions: j
By Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims: Asking to be discharged
from the further consideration of the memorial of
Francis Hatinaclc, a soldier of the Revolution, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
By Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Ac-
counts : An unfavorable report on the resolution to
allow all the messengers of the Senate the same
R. P. Anderson and J. L.
eed to.
Resolved, That Hip House lias hem d with deep emotion the 1
annunciation of the death of the Hon. James A. Bl\ck, a !
member from the State of South Carolina.
Resolved) That thi-j lloiw tender*; to the relatives* of the
deceased the exprerMon of its mpariw. on tin- aftor-tn-a
event, and. as a testimony of i expect fot the mommy of tin"
deceased, the member?, and oiT.oei-; of the JJoinp will no into i
mourning by 'vcarine erapf on the* M'faim for tiiiif\ cl.u .
Resolved, That the jnemhpj*. and oilicp^ of the Hon.-f-Mviii
attend the fumiul of the Hon. James A. !>la.ck, dectas-nl 1
on to-mnnou', at 32£ o'clock, p id. j i
RrsoIccJ, That a committee he appointed for supprintend-
ing the tuueral of the deceased.
Ordered, That a me-^age be sent to the Senate to notify
that bodv of the death of the Hon. James A Hlack. J.ile ouc '
of the Representative* from the State of Sont'w Cambria*
that his funeial will take place Irom the hall of the Hon'-e 1
on tn-moriovv. at I2t o'clock, p. m.; and that the Senate be 1
invited to attpnd ihe same. I
Resolve!, That, as a further mark of respect for the mem-
ory of the deceased, tins House do now adjourn.
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE. j
Tuesday, April 4, 1848. '
The following memorials and petitions were pre- !
sented and appropriately referred: \
By Mr. PEARCE: From the Maryland College !
of Pharmacy, asking the adoption of prompt and >
efficient moasuie.s to put a stop to the introduction '
of adulterated diugs and medicines. ;
By Mr. AJILLER: From Mary Coleman, ask- |
ing a pension on account of the services of herhus- !
band during the Revolution.
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland: From citi-
lj Also, from the same committee, the resolution
11 to give to two youths employed m the Senate office
,! during the last session one hundied dollars each,
■ so amended as to allow forty-live dollars to each;
: which report was adopted.
| OBITUARY.
, A message was recei\ ed from the House of Rep-
resentatives announcing the death of the Hon. ■
, Jamks Augustus Black, of the State of South .
: Carolina; when—
Mi*. BUTLER rose, and addressed the Senate
as follows:
The death which has just been communicated
by the resolutions from the House of Representa- 1
tives is an event well calculated to arrest attention '
and inspire serious reflection. This is the fourth
death that has occurred among us during this ses- 1
: sion—a period of four months—and the ninth
occasion upon which wc have been called on to go j
in mourning for the loss of a member belong- [
ing to the thirtieth Congress. These are circum- i
stances that are giving to our session a melancholy i
• celebrity. 1
'' My late colleague, the Hon. Jambs Augustus
; Black, was seized on the lo-h of the last month ,
, with a violent congestive chill, which terminated
: in an obstinate and incurable pneumonia, of which
he died, at his lodgings in this city, last night, at
' twenty-five minutes after eluen o'clock. Before ,
!, lie wan taken ill, he had the prospect of many days
■ before him. With a robust constitution, he was
in the enjoyment of vigorous health, neither of j
( which had been impaired by previous disease. [
j His last sickness was violent, painful, and pro- ;
■ tracted, but i t was borne with a sustaining fortitude, :
worthy of a man and a Christian. !
, Our departed friend was born of respectable pa-
i rents, in Abbeville district, South Carolina, and at
| the time of his death he was in the 57th year of
, his age. The deceased entered the army in
at the age of eighteen, with the commission of
wreck: of a vessel. This gentleman, on hearing
of the illness of Mr. Black, lepaired to his bed-
side, and, inspired by the utmost delicacy of grati-
tude and friendship, ministered to his wants, with
the tenderness almost of a woman.
On the close of the war, Captain Black retired
to private life, and engaged in business with char-
acteristic energy and industry. Prior to his elec-
tion as member of Congress, he filled several
situations of trust and responsibility. He pos-
sessed in an eminent degree the self-reliance of a
self-made man, with the peculiarities of deportment
and character that made him a popular favorite.
From the period of his return* to the twenty-eighth
Congress, others have enjoyed better opportunities
than myself of forming an estimate of his public
ca'recr. But the deep and even affectionate anxiety
' manifested during his illness, and the profound
i sensation which his death occasioned amongst
those who were particularly associated with him,
I are honorable commentaries upon his private vir-
| tues and his public worth.
At an early period Mr. Black became a disciple
; of the old republican doctrines, and he ever after-
i wards maintained them with lyitlmchmg firmness
, and uniform consistency. He has been sustained
' during his public career by the unshaken confi-
dence of an intelligent) numerous, and wealthy
constituency.
A few days before he died he gave expression
to his unshrinking faith in the hopes and conso-
lations of the Christian religion. He retained
throughout his painful illness the possession of his
mental faculties, and one remark which he made
is woi thy of record, as it affords at once matter of
consolation and admiration. He said that a death-
bed was not the place to prepare for death, and
that he had not deferred till the last moment the
solemn considerations connected with his spiritual
weifaie. He professed a confident adherence to
the Christian faith, and expressed the hope, that
through its e£icacy, he should enjoy a happy ex-
istence hereafter. A few days before his death, I
approached his bedside, and endeavored to cheer
and encourage him. "This is indeed a great
trial," he said, SJ but I will try and meet it as be-
comes a Carolinian!" Afterwards he said, "I
have only one request to make: let my bones rest
in the soil of my native land 1"
This is not a'fitiing occasion on which to speak
of the domestic relations of my departed colleague.
Into that sacred private circle in which the viitues
of the husband and the father were displayed, it is
not for us to enter. It is consolatory that his wife,
son, and brother, reached his dying bed in time to
receive no affectionate recognition; and that he left
this earthly scenc with a firm hope of happiness
beyond the irrave, leaving behind him an unsullied
name, and the reputation of a good* and upright
man.
Mr. B. concluded by ofTerin*? the usual resolu-
tions incident to such mournful occasions, which
were adopted.
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
V/ednesday, April 5y j^48.
The House having been opened by prayer, and
the Journal read, at a quarter past twelve o'clock
the remains of the late Hon. James A. Clack was
biouirht in, attended by the Committee of Arrange-
' -  . w . III) u.m.uuu VJI HIV ^UIIIIUHUl. Ill
lieutenant, and was promoted to tiie grade of cap- 1 meius, the chaplains, and the bereaved son of the
Tain hpfnve tho ^ noo /->f* tV,^ ' i * .1 rT • • .
tain before the close of the war.
Captain Black had not, I believe, any opportu-
nity of distinction on the field of battle. Cut he
leit the service with the reputation of an excellent
officer, having made a strong and favorable im-
pression on the minds of his associates and mili-
tary comrades. His keen sagacity, penetrating
observation of men, his prompt judgment and
iiQfvtr  i..  i
^™i,etfni!ed.Stnu' f,^ th«tM00nt; as; r«
Vunon may be purchased by the General Govern- J, frankness of manner, were qualities that well fitted ' "
irient.
«, him for military command.
deceased—the House lising to receive them—and
the coffin wns deposited on the bier prepared for it
in front of the Clerk's table.
TheSenatois next entered (the House rising)
end took seals in the Hall—the Vice President
being seated on the right of the Speaker.
At twentv-five minutes past twelve, the Presi-
dent of the United States and the Heads of Execu-
te Departments were received by the House and
Senate rising to their feet; and, when they were
Upon one occasion, seated on the right of the bier and the mourners,
