1-848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOME.
588
the chaplain of the Senate (Rev. Mr. Si,icer) read
the latter part of 1 Cor. xv., and engaged in
prayer.
The House chaplain (Rev. Mr. Gurley) then
delivered the sermon founded on the text—
"Jesus saith unto her, Thy brother shall rise again.55—
John xi. 23.
concluding with the benediction.
The order was then announced by the Clerk, and
the procession moved, according to the following
programme, to the Congressional burying-ground-,
where the body is deposited, until arrangements
can be made for its final interment in the State of
South Carolina.
The Chaplain* of both Houses of Congress.
Physicians who attended the decea-sed.
Committee of Arrangements:
Mr. Sims, of South Carolina,
Mr. Boyd, ofliy.,
Mr. Atkinson, ofVa.,
Mr. Thompson, of Pa.,
Mr. Marsh, of Vt,
Mr. Hampton, of N. J.,
Mr. Ilubbaid, of Conn.
Pall-Bearers:
Mr. Lumpkin, of 6a., f ^ 1 Mr. Cranston, ofR. I.,
Mr. MeClernand, of 1H., j   I Mr. Cocke, of Tenn.,
Mr. Ligon,of Md., ] g ! Mr. Rockwell, of Mass.,
Mr. Hum, of N. V., (O J Mr. Honnanson, of La.
The family and fuend> of the deceased.
The Senators and Kepresent.mvcs hom the State of South
Caiohna, a? mourners.
The Sergeam-at-Aims of theHou-.e ol Repiesentntives.
The House of Representatives of the United States, pre-
ceded by their Speaker and Clerk.
The other officers of the Hou&e of Representatives.
The Seigeant-at-Arms of the Senate.
The Senate, preceded by their President and Secretary.
The other officers of the Senate.
The President of the United States.
The Heads of Depigments.
The Chief Justice and Associate Justices of the Supreme
Court of the United States, and us officer*.
The Diplomatic Corp*.
The Comptrollers, Auditors, and other heads of Rureaus of
the several Departments of the Government,
with their officers.
Officers of the Army and Navy at the seat of Government.
The Mayor of Washington.
Citizens and Strangers.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.^ "
Thursday, Jlpril 6, 1848.
On -motion of Mr. GOGG?N, by general con-
sent, the bill relative to foreign mail service, which
had been made the special order for Wednesday
last, (yesterday,) but which order was not execu-
ted in consequcnc.e of the funeral ceremonies of
Mr. Black, was made the special order for Wed-
nesday next.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, desired that
the several bills amendatory of the bounty-land
law, to give the bounty to officers promoted from
the ranks, which had been made the special order
for Tuesday last, and superseded from the same
cause, should now be set down as the special or-
der for next Tuesday.
Mr. VINTON, by general consent, in a few re-
marks referred to the necessity of the speedy pas-
sage by the House of the important appropriation
bills which were yet undisposed of, and which
were especially necessary now, as this was the
season for the making of the contracts and arrange-
ments, which could not be entered into until the
appropriations were made; and to the fact that
though he had been reminded by communications
from the departments from time to time of this ne-
cessity, and had exerted himself to bring tip these
bj|ls, lie had yet been unable to do so on account
ot the various special orders which had taken pre-
cedence. He now, on these grounds, and without
having any objection to the bill to which the gen-
tleman from Mississippi had referred, hoped that
no more special orders would be made until the
appropriation bills were disposed of.
After fui ther conversation by several gentlemen,
the question being; taken, was decided in the af-
firmative: Ayes 88, noes 36."i
So the aforesaid bills were made the special
order foi Tuesday next.
Mr. SL1NGERLAND, previous notice having
been given, asked and obtained leave to introduce
a bill to give to actual settlers and cultivators the
benefits of limited quantities of the public lands for
a nominal compensation, and to prevent specula-
tion in the same. Read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. KAUFMAN presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of Texas, urging the delegation
from that State in Congress to use their endeavors
to procure the passage of a law to incorporate the
navy of the late Republic of Texas into the navy
of the United States. Laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed
Mr. BINGHAM presented the joint resolutions
of the Legislature of Michigan, 'asking the con-
struction of a military road from Green Bay, on
Lake Michigan, to Kewenow Bay, on Lake Supe-
rior. Also, joint resolutions relative to a grant of
land to aid in the.construction of the public works
in said State. Also, joint resolutions asking a
cession of lands for the construction of a canal
around the falls of Ste. Marie; which were laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
CORRESPONDENCE GEN. SCOTT, ETC.
Mr. HENLEY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, who were instructed by a resolution of the
House to inquire into the expediency of printing
an extra number of copies of the correspondence
between the Department of War and Generals
Scott and Taylor, and between General Scott and
Mr. Trist, and between Mr. Trist and the Depart-
ment of State, reported a resolution recommending
the printing of ten thousand copies extra of s(iid
correspondence.
Mr. HENLEY said he was obliged to take this
oppoitunity to make some explanations in refer-
ence to the printing, and especially to say a few
words in reply to the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Clingman,] which he considered neces-
sary in consequence of the very singular and
extraordinary accusations made by that gentleman
against the President of the United States and the
Secretary of War. He would read two or three
of those accusutions as preliminaries to his re-
marks:
" He iiad looked over that correspondence briefly since it
had been plnocd m the hand* «f the printer, and he was
sorry to say hip wnrst fears were realized. He found that
it was not a full statement of the correspondence. He found
not only that -omeimpoitant letters were omitted altojetht-r,
but that of some letters extracts were given from the middle,
of others they were furnished with the end, and in some
eases they had beginning and end, but no middle."
« Hut lie wanted to call the attention of the House to this
correspondence, to show that it was too imperfect to be s'drit
to the eountiy."
"The Administration, while apparently undertaking to
furnish all the eoiret-pondence of General s*cott, knew well
that it was important not to send in General Scott'es plan of
the campaign."
"General Sc<jtt accordingly elaborated a plan of a cam-
paign, which the Administration has not thought proptr to
21 ve to the public."
"Tlx* conespondencc had been garbled, most crossly
garbled."
Now, he (Mr. II.) was prepared to say, from a
careful examination of the correspondence, and
from positive information which he had received
from the Secretary of War, that thoie was not one
solitary letter callcd for by the resolution of the
House of the correspondence between the Secre-
tary of War and General Scott which had not been
furnished, except two or three, which he would
exhibit here; and he intended to show that the
remarks of the gentleman from North Carolina
had no application whatever to these. He would
show, moreover, that, there was not one solitary
letter "garbled" in the correspondence between
the Secretary of War and General Scott—not one.
Although the gentleman from North Carolina
!' had charged that the correspondence had been
\ mutilated "and garbled with a view to scrcen the
I Administration fiom the exposure which the gen-
, tleman pretended would grow out of the publication
j: of these letters, he would read those omitted letters
'! to show how much the gentleman was mistaken.
II The gsnthman from North Carolina founds that
ii there were four letters which were not sent to this
i. House, and his imagination had conjured up some
!; great frauds, and he had intimated that he should
j' be able to prove some great wrongs on the part of
I the Administration and Mr. Marcy. The gentlc-
jj man from North Carolina had more than intimated
l| that, "when this coirespondence should be pub-
!; ' hshed, he should say a few things more about it,
' and show the people how shamelessly it had been
' garbled and mutilated, with a view to uphold the
' Administration." Now, he (Mr. H.) had those
four letters, with which the gentleman from North
Carolina thought he should be able to accomplish
so much; and, to show how unfounded were the
gentleman's conjectures, he would read them.
Mr. H. read two short letters. One appeared to
be an order to General Scott to proceed from New
York to Vera Cruz, and the other was a letter of
introduction merely. Sow, he asked', what waS
there in these letters to expose the Administra-
tion ?
Mr. HILLIARD inquired if the letters which
the gentleman from Indiana was reading were paft
of the correspondence for which this House called
a few days ago ?
Mr. HENLEY said it was that part of thfc cor-
respondence for which it was proposed to call, and
with which the gentleman from North Carolina
intended to criminate the Administration.
Mr. HILLIARD desired to know if these letters
were to be found in the published pamphlet.
Mr. HENLEY said they were not; and he was
going to show that if they were published, they
would fail to sustain the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Clingman.]
Mr. HILLIARD inquired if the letters which
the gentleman read were.the originals or copies.
Mr. HENLEY replied that they were copies.
Mr. HILLIARD begged to ask the gentleman
from Indiana how he obtained them. .
Mr. HENLEY said they were furnished at his
request by the Secretary of War.
Mr. HILLIARD remarked, they had been fur-
nished by the Secretary of War to the gentleman
from Indiana, and yet they had not been furnished
to this House, although they had been callcd for.
Mr. HENLEY said he had procured them, and
was exhibiting them, to show that if they had
been sent in, they would not have sustained^ the
accusations of the gentleman from North Carolina.
Mr. CLINGMAN inquired if the gentleman
from Indiana would allow him to put a question
to him.
Mr. HENLEY. Certainly.
Mr. CLINGMAN desired to ask the gentleman
from Indiana if he had copies of the letters of the
27th October, 1846, and of the 12th, 16th, and
21st November of the same year, all from General
Scott to the Secretary of War. These were the
letters to which he had referred in the speech from
which the gentleman from Indiana had quoted.
Mr. HENLEY said he had a letter of the 234
of October.
Mr. CLINGMAN said, that was not the lettei-
to which he had referred, and, that there might be
no mistake, he would repeat, that he referred to
the letters of the 27th October, and the 12th, 16th,
and 21st November, 1846. These were the letter^
that he wanted to get hold of.
Mr. HENLEY said he had what he understood
to be the whole of the correspondence that had
not been sent ill of that which had been called for
by the resolution of the House. But he would
state, that there was a letter, not written by General
Scott, but by Mr. Trist, which he understood had
been sent to the Senate with the other conespond-
ence, but which, if sent here and published, would
criminate a citizen of Mexico in the eyes of his
own Government, and expose him perhaps to per-
secution. Now, he would ask if the gentleman
from North Carolina desired to give publicity to
such 8. letter5
Mr. CLINGMAN would say to the gentleman
from Indiana, that he had been deceived; he had
not been furnished with all the letters in existencu
from General Scott, as he would show at the proper
time. He here solemnly asseverated that there
were other letters, but the department had de-
ceived the gentleman from Indiana, as well as the
country.
Mr. McLANE was understood to inquire wheii
Geneial Scott received his orders to proceed td
Mexico, ?nd the date of his departure?
i Mr. CLING MAN was undei stood to reply that
I it was late in the year 1846, but he did not remem-
j ber the precise date.
i Mr. McLANE said he had no information, di-
j rect or indirect, on the question in controversy;
! but he hoped the House would have a proper un-
] del-standing in relation to any documents cnargea
I to have been withheld. The House should recol-
; lect that the President had been called upon to fur-
nish the correspondence of Genei:al Sco
Secretary of War while General Scott was m Mex-
ico, but the gentleman from North &rotano 
complained that a letter written by Scatt
on the 27th of October had not been furnished.
Now General Scott only received his order to pro-
feed to Mexico on the 23d of November, and he
sailed on the 25th of the same month; the letters
