584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
to which the gentleman from North Carolina re-
ferred were, therefore, necessarily not included in
the call. . . , . %   •
Mr. CLINGMAN desired, -with the permission
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Henley,]
on whose time he knew he was encroaching, to
call the attention of the gentleman from Maryland
to the resolution of the House itself, from which
that gentleman would see that the President was
not confined to letters written by General Scott
after he was put in actual command of the army
in chief. The terms of the resolution were, " copies
' of all correspondence between the Secretary of
' War and Major General Scott, and between the
' Secretary of War and Major General Taylor, and
' between Major General Scott and N. P. Trist,
'late Commissioner of the United States to Mex-
' ico, and between the latter and the Secretary of
'State, which has not heretofore been published,
' and the publication of which may not be incom-
' patible with the public interest." The gentleman
from Maryland would see, therefore, that it inclu-
ded the letters to which he (Mr. Clingman) had
referred, and of the non-production of which he
had been complaining. He would not now detain
the House, nor consume more of the time of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Henley,] but if he.
could get the floor after the gentleman from In-
diana, he would submit some remarks on this sub-
ject.
Mr. McLANE made some remark, which was
inaudible at the reporter's desk.
Mr. CLINGMAN replied, that if the gentleman
from Maryland would read the resolution, he would
see that it did necessarily embrace the despatches
whose dates he had given.
Mr. HENLEY resumed. The gentleman from
North Carolina some days since made a speech of
an hour's length on this subject; he had now con-
sumed a portion of his (Mr. H.'s) hour, and he
promised to occupy another hour as soon as he got
the opportunity, m reply to him, (Mr. Henley.)
Well, to all this he had no objection. He now re-
peated that the whole of the correspondence, every
word of every letter, that had been called for by
the House of Representatives, between Major Gen-
erals Scott and Taylor and the Department had
been furnished, with the exception of some few
letters which had nothing to do with the subject.
Those letters he had before him, and they were
open to the inspection of any gentleman who de-
sired to see them; and when they were read, it
would be seen that the charges and accusations of
the gentleman from North Carolina were utterly
and entirely unfounded. He did not mean to say
that the gentleman from North Carolina, at the
time he made them, did not believe he had some
ground of accusation; but when the whole subject
was examined, it would be found that he had
none.
But to proceed. The gentleman from North
Carolina had come to the conclusion that the war
had been badly, negligently managed by the Ad-
ministration. In the course of his sweeping charges
against the Administration, he said:
" Tliirf Administration had been grossly negligent in not
furnishing our officers With \vn;;t it had undertaken to fur-
nish." r " And General Scott fomid in th.e month
of Apul that he could not march to llie city of Mexico for
want of horses, wagons, and other means of transporta-
tion."
Now, he (Mr. H.) did not propose to answer
these charges; General Scott should answer them
himself. General Scott, in his letter of the date of
January 3,1847, written from Camargo, thus writes
to General Taylor:
" f bdiove my arrangements of every sort to be complete,
except th?" everytning depends upon my drawing from your
command about iive thousand regulars and thousand
volunteers. With these forces, and adding three or five
residents of now volunteer, (Coot.) Providence may defeat
me, but I do not'beheve the Mexicans can.'-*—J£r. Doc. No.
53, p. 40.
In the opinion ofGeneral Scott, then, Providence
alone could defeat him, so perfect were all his ar-
rangements.
On the 9th of January, 1847, Major General W.
O. Butlei,in a letter to General Scott, dated at
Saltillo, amongst other things, says, (arid the ex-
tract would be f<mud on pjge 48:)
a The troops, toother with tho-e und<n* General Taylor's
immediate commnrd, after deducting the escort for himself
and a garrison for Tdiupsro, \vi! 1 fully comply with your re-
qut,-i ion for regular-, vvhii>t the tliMMon of ALtjor General
Pattei.-on will, it boh/^'ed, ,-.npi>!v the number of volun-
teer, both horse and foot. I should state aNo that Rlanch-
ara's company of J.ouMana \oluntee.n, acti.i^ with the oth
infantry, and a company of Kentucky foot, with the 6th
infantty, march with General Worth. If a further num-
ber be necessary, which it is believed will not, either the
regiment of Colonel Curtis or Colonel Drake, at Cainargo,
could receive your orders in time for the movement by
water."
Again, on page 52, General Taylor, in a letter
dated at his camp near Victoria, January 15,1847,
says to Lieutenant H. L. Scott, A. D. C., or chief
of the staff at Major General Scott's headquarters,
Brazos Island:
"As I presume that General Butler, under his instructions,
has ordered the batteries of General Worth's command to
march with it to the mouth of the river, and as I infer from
those same instructions that not more than two batteries ate
required by Major General Scott, I have directed the return
to Monterey of'Captam Bragg's and Sherman's. If I have
mistaken his wishes in this matter I beg to be advised with-
out delay, as the batteries may still join him in time.
"To the troops, regular and volunteer, marching hence on
Tampico may be added perhaps three hundred artillery of
Colonel Gates's battalion, and the Alabama regiment, about
five hundred strong. The Tennessee horse will more than
fill General Scott ^requisition for volunteer cavalry."
Thus, then, it was seen that Generals Scott,
Taylor, and Butler, all concurred in the fact that
all the requisitions had been complied with. Of
the disposition of the Secretary of War to facili-
tate General Scott's movements he had evidence in
this correspondence. On page 63 would be found
a letterfrom the Secretary of War to General Scott,
dated February 15, 1847, from which he would
read the following extract:
"The several regiments of volunteers called out after
you left Washington were organized with as much despatch
as was expected; nearly all have left for the seat of war,
and we are advised of the arrival of several of them off the
Brazos.
" I am happy to inform you that the bill for raising ten
regiments to serve for the war has at length become a law.
Had this authority been given, as I hoped and expected it
would, within tlie first two weeks of the session, 1 am quite
confident that we should now have had several thousands of
thesfc troops on their way to Mexico."
Again, on page 64, he says, in the same letter:
" Your expedition is a matter of deep anxiety to all, and
certainly to none more than myself. Every possible effort,
so far as I know, has been made in each branch of this de-
partment to carry outfully and promptly all the arrangements
which devolved upon it, in the way of preparation and out-
fit."
It was not necessary to remind the House why
the ten regiments to which the Secretary refers
were not sooner furnished ; for the facts were
known to the country. !
On the subject of transportation and supplies, ;
General Scott thus expressed his satisfaction in a
letter to the Secretary of War, dated." Headquar- i
ters of the Army, Brazos Santiago, January 26, ,
1847. He read from page 55:
<£ The Quartermaster General (Brevet Major Gen. Jesup) j
at New Orleans has, I find, taken all proper measures, with i
judgment and promptitude, to provide everything depending j
on his department for the despatch and success of my expe- !
dition." i
General Scott then made a requisition on Gen- !
eral Taylor, with which he said his arrangements
were complete, and that requisition, it appeared,
was satisfactorily complied with. General Jesup,
General Scott himself admitted, had fully discharged
his duty. Everything which it was in the power
of the Administration to do had been done. It was
true, that General Scott expressed .some dissatis- .
faction respecting the non-arrival of some supplies, ;
not being then aware of the causes of the delay in
their transit across the Gulf; but he (Mr. H.) did i
not suppose it would here be made a grave accusa- j
tion that the Administration did not allay the storm 1
and bid the angry waves be still. A thorough '
examination of these documents, however, satis- :
factorily showed that the Administration had done j
everything that it was in its power to do.
There was one extract more to which he would
call the attention of the House, as it had a direct ,
reference to this subject. The Administration,
after being charged with not furnishing General
Scott with a sufficient number of soldiers, was
accused of having withdrawn General Taylor's
forces, and leaving him exposed to the Mexican I
army under General Santa Anna. On this subject,
the gentlemen opposite were as much in error as
on some others—for instance, the movement on the
Hio Grande, which was made on the recommenda-
tion of General Taylor. Whether this withdrawal
of his troops was done in conformity with General
Taylor's views, would be seen from the following !
extract from a letter to General Scott, dated at his
camp, near Victoria, January 15, 1847:
" I deeply rearet to find in your letters of January 3, to
Major General Butler and myself, an allusion to myposition
here, which I can but consider an insinuation that I have pufe
myself willingly out of the reach of your communications.
I beg leave to remark that the movement of the troops in tins
direction, and my own inarch hither, were undertaken for1
pufejic reasons, freely set forth in my reports to the Adjutant
General—one of them being my desire to place in position,
for embarkation to Vera Cruz, should the Government order
an expedition to that pomt, the force (two thousand regulars
and two thousand volunteers) which I reported might be
spared for that service."
This was from a letter written by General
Taylor to General Scott after he had received the
requisition for troops. He had written to the De-
partment of War to say that he could spare certain
troops of his command if it was thought proper to
call for them, and he had moved to Victoria to be
ready to comply with such a call.
Mr. STEPHENS rose and aaked the gtntleman
from Indiana to read the whole of that letter frora
which he quoted. At least he should read the fol-
lowing
"I cannot misunderstand the object of the arrangements
indicated in your letteis. I feel that I have lost the confi-
dence of the Government, or it would not have suffered nif?
to remain up to this time ignorant of its intention?, with
vitally affecting interests committed to my charge. But, how-
ever much I may feel personally mortified and outraged at the-
course pursued, unprecedented at least tn our own history,
I will carry out in good laith, while 1 remain in Mexico, the
views of the Government, though I may be sacrificed in the
effort."
Mr. HENLEY said he did not wish to involve
General Taylor in inconsistency.
Mr. STEPHENS asked thegentleman from In-
diana to explain his own inconsistency in attempt-
ing to palm off a statement that General Taylor was
satisfied with the withdrawal of his troops.
Mr. HENLEY denied that he had attempted to
palm off anything for which he had not the record
to refer to as his justification. He was simply
showing what General Taylor had done from Gen-
eral Taylor's own letters.
Mr. McCLERNAND asked the gentleman frora
Indiana to yield the floor for a few moments.
Mr. HENLEY assented.
Mr. McCLERNAND said, that with the per-
mission of his friend from Indiana, he would take
the liberty to read a letterpublishedinthe "Union"
of this morning, conveying what purported to be
the substance of a conversation between General
Taylor and a highly respectabje gentleman at the
residence of the General at Baton Rouge. The
conversation was very important, as purporting,
upon the highest authority, to afford the authority
of General Taylor upon several points in contest in
this debate, and between the two great political
parties of the country. The letter was as follows:
"I take the liberty of addressing you, and giving you, at
the same time, some few facts relative to General Taylor's
position before the American people as it regards the Presi-
dency. In a conversation with Dr. Baden, (a gentleman iir
whom the utmost confidence can be placed,) he told me
that he called on the old General at his residence at Baton
Rouge, and spent some three hours in his company. Like
all others who describe him, he says that he is a man of
sense; open, frank, and free in his manners; ever ready to
give or receive any information that may be of use. He
i states that he is willing to be the President of the people,,
j not of a party; that if the Democrats nominate him lie will
run, provided they ask no pledges for his future course; or,
: if the Whigs nominate 2nm, he will lun on the same prm-
! ciples, and no others. Again, should a third party bring
J him out, he will still be a candidate, li they appear to have
i the majorty. He is in favor of the present tarift', and op-
; posed to a national bank. He thinks that the President was
i not to blame about the war; that he (General Taylor) was
| the cause of the moving of the army on the frontier; and
j gave a? his reasons that a large force was collected at Mat-
| amoros, and, unless there was an opposing force in the
1 neighborhood, that the Mexicans might cioss over and com-
[ mitany amount of depredations without his being able to
. arrest their progress in time to save the inhabitants. He
; say3 that was not the cause of the war, hut the annexation,
j He was asked, ( If you should bo elected President, of which
j party would you fill your cabinet ry His answer vva«, •'!
1 would seek out the best men of the country, and select them
without regard to party.5"
Mr. McC. continued. Now, if this letter be un-
true, let it be proved to bo so. It appeared to be
addressed toamemberofCongress,and tobevouch-
ed for upon the highest and most respectable author-
ity; it was incumbent, therefore, upon those who
should question it to prove it to be untrue. It was
not enough for those who knew nothing about the
letter to contradict it. The letter was highly im-
portant, as purporting to affoid the authority „of
General Taylor, not only in favor of the present
revenue tariff and against a national bank,but also
in justification of the removal of the army from
Corpus Christi to the Rio Grande. It appeared
that he (General Taylor) suggested, was in fact
the cause, of the removal of the army 011 to the frontier;
that it was not that that caused the war, but annex-
