1848,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
585
otion. Thus, on the authority of General Taylor,
according to this letter, the oft-repeated charge that
the President provoked the war by ordering the
army to the Rio Grande,is disproved. Thus it is
shown that the march to the Rio Grande was a
wise and necessary measure. Will the Whig
party impeach General Taylor's authority?
Mr. EMBREE desired the gentlemen from Illi-
nois to tell them who it was that wrote that letter,
and whether there was any signature at all to it?
Mr. HENLEY, without waiting for a reply to
Mr. Embree's question, proceeded to say that he
bad shown from the correspondence that the Ad-
ministration was not obnoxious to the charges
which had been made against it. It had not with-
held forces. On the contrary, it had promptly
facilitated all General Scott's movements, and was
not even chargeable with having committed a blun-
der. To this Generals Scott and Taylor bear
witness, and, so far as he knew, it could be attested
by all the officers of the line. Gen. Scott, writing
to General Butler from Camargo, January 3,3847,
" Two thousand regulars and five of volunteers, I sup-
pose—the whole standing on the defensive—to hp necessary
to hold Monterey, Cerralvo, Camargo, Reynosa, Matamoros,
Point Isabel, the Brazos, the mouth of the Rio Grande, and
Tampico. I do not enumerate Saltillo and Victoria, be-
cause I suppose they may be abandoned or held, without
hurting or improving the line of defence I have indicated."
In a letter on page 54, General Scott, writing to
General Taylor, under date of January 26, 1847,
from Brazos Santiago, says:
" I hope I have left, or shall leave you, including tlie new
volunteers who will soon be up, a competent force to defend
the head of your line (Monterey) and its communications
with the depdts in the neighborhood. To enable you to do
this more certainly, I must ask you to abandon Saltillo, and
to make no detachments, except for reconnohsances and im-
mediate defence, much beyond Monterey. I know this to
be the wish of the Government, founded on reasons in which
I concur; anion? them, that the enemy intends to operate
against small detachments and posts.5'
All this was consistent with the views of the
Secretary of War, with whose reasons General
Scott says he concurred. The Secretary of War
uses this language to General Scott, m a letter
of the date of January 4,1847—(pp. 61 and 62:)
" It was expected that General Taylor would have deemed
it expedient to order the force under General Wool to join
him at Monterey, and not to extend his line to Saltillo, with
a view to hold permanent possession of it. * * *
" As a considerable part of the forces under General Tay-
lor may be withdrawn for the expedition you are to conduct
against Vera Cruz, it is urged that great caution should be
observed in regard to the safety of those which may be left
on the present line of operations."
Thus it appeared that General Scott enumerated
the amount of force that would be necessary to de-
fend General Taylor's line. He said that General
Taylor could spare the forces which he called for,
and he told General Taylor to make Monterey the
head of his line, and that if he went much beyond
that he might endanger his army. He (Mr. H.)
did not propose to investigate the reasons which
induced General Taylor, after he had been directed
by General Scott not to advance beyond Monterey,
to advance beyond that point. His reasons were
doubtless satisfactory to himself. It might be that
his reasons were contained in another letter, which
would be found on page 66, written by General
Scott to the Secretary of War, from Brazos San-
tiago, on the 4th of February, 1847, in which he
said:
"It is now believed, on (lie authority of a Inter not offi-
cial, that my despatches to the same generals, (of the 3d
ultimo,) being sent oti by the latter at Saltillo Jo the former,
then marching towards Victoria, by Second Lieutenant
fiiehey, fifth infantry, and ten mounted men, were met by
a party of the enemy about the 11th ultimo, and the detach-
ment all captured or killed. It Lieutenant Rirhey (repoited
as being slain) had not time to destroy the despatches about
his person, (which is highly improbable,) General Paula
Anna, at San Luis Potosi, had them, no doubt, in four days
after their captme. ft is, consequently, more than possi-
ble that before this time the gi eater part of the Mexican
army lately assembled at San Luis Potosi has reached Vera
Cruz or its vicinity. Major General Taj lor's mind has, no
doubt, ere this, arrived at the same conclusion ; and I shall
write to suggest to him, at his own discretion, the advan-
tage of manoeuvring offensively in the di lection of San Luis
Potosi, after being partially reinforced with some of the new
regiments of volunteers. The suggestion would he unne-
cessary but for the intimations he has received to stand on
the defensive."
He (Mr. H.) would not condemn the movement
beyond Monterey, but he stated the fact that the
country might judge for itself who ordered Gen-
eral Taylor to advance with an insufficient force.
Mr. H. said there were various declarations of
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Cling-
man] to which he had intended calling the atten-
tion of the House, but he would at this time notice
but one of them, and this he would say (with all
due deference to the gentleman) showed the ex-
tremely loose manner in which charges were got-
ten up against the Administration. In times of
high party excitement it was well known that even
gerftlemen otherwise of truth arid candor would,
both on the stump, in their own districts, as well
as on the floors of legislative assemblies, make
declarations which, on the slightest examination,
turned out to be wholly unfounded. He did not
mean to say that such a practice was indicative of
a recklessness as to the demands of truth and mor-
als. As an Instance in point, to show the truth of
what he had said, he would read from the speech
of the gentleman from North Carolina an assertion
meant, it would seem, to go to the country as a
grave statement of fact, while it was in truth a
piece of empty declamation, such as could impose
upon no schoolboy in the country, and which the
gentleman probably threw out in the expectation
that it would never be answered. Mr. H. here
quoted from the speech of Mr. Clingman the fol-
lowing:
e( Thus, at the close of the most brilliant campaign in the
national annals, this brave and accomplished leader (Scott)
found himself suspended from command. In less than six
months he had taken Vera Cruz, with its impregnable cas-
tle; he had marched four hundied miles into the heart of a
country the most difficult hy reason of its physical features,
armed and prepared to resist him at evc-rystep, with a force
of less than ten thousand men. With this little hand he
had put to rout thirty thousand men of the enemy, intrenched
in positions the stionges>t hy nature and art, skillfully turning
them in every instance; and had stormed and taken a wallea
city of two hundred thousand inhabitants, utterly annihila-
ting the army opposed to him, and capturing in his march
seven hundred pieces of cannon."
Now, could any man living conjecture what
followed? Could any man, who had not read or
heard the speech, believe that this brilliant account
of General Scott's victories would be followed by
an assertion like this: " And for this he has been
suspended!"
Mr. H. admitted, fully, the whole statement of
the glory of General Scott's achievements; he was
ready to admit that the victories he had won against
superior numbers and advantages on the part of
the enemy surpassed all history, as far as they
probably exceeded all his own expectations and
the expectations of the whole country. They
were certainly in direct contradiction to the gloomy
predictions of the gentleman himself and his polit-
ical friends. All this he freely admitted. But,
after dwelling with just exultation on the exploits
of his hero, the gentleman concluded with the dec-
laration, " For this he has been suspended from
command.n
Mr. H. would ask his friend from North Caro-
lina to say, in all candor and sincerity, whether he
really thought there was a schoolboy in this wide
Union that would believe this? The Administra-
tion were accused by gentlemen on that side the
House with being the authors of the war. Well,
if they were, they had selected in this city of
Washington a general to take the command of it,
and had sent him into Mexico—for what? To be
defeated ? To let his army be massacred? That
was obviously the gentleman's innuendo; for he
asserted, that because he had not been defeated,
but had achieved a glorious triumph, he was sus-
pended from command. The Administration were
doubtless held responsible for the success of the
war; the gentleman admitted that its success had
been complete; he admitted that it covered the na-
tion with glory; but then he averred, what was
certainly very remarkable, that, bright as was the
glory of its success, not one particle of that glory
belonged to the Administration; none of it per-
tained to the President; none to the War Depart-
ment; but all to the Whig generals. The gentle-
man would not admit one ray of it to fall on the
head of one Democratic general, if, peradventure,
there might be a Democrat in command in anyone
corps of the army." Such were the declarations of
the gentleman from North Caiohna, stripped of the
slender veil of sophistry which covered them, and
there was not much even of that. Of those in the
field, none must have a particle of credit but the
Whigs, because the generals were all Whigs; and
it was the same with the Whigs in that House
who staid at home, because it was they that voted
all the supplies. The Whigs must be glorified at
uny rate; not for opposing the war, as most of
them had done, both in and out of the House, but
for furnishing the supplies which carried on the
war. True it was that the Whigs had carried on
a war during the whole session; but it was a war
against the Administration, and that was a war
which they never would bring to an honorable-ter-
mination. No, that was a thing not to be done.
But Mr. H. would not occupy any more time on
that point. He would now refer to a passage in
this correspondence which showed that General
Scott called for from eight to ten thousand men to
strengthen his force in the attack on Vera Cruz;
and to another which would show that this force
which he had demanded was furnished to him by
the Government. Writing from Vera Cruz on the
5th of April, General Scott said:
" With eight or ten thousand recruits, he would be able to
take the city during the summer, if not earlier stopped by a
treaty of peace, or such terms for an armistice as would se-
cure one."
By the report of the Adjutant General, dated
March 3, 1847, it would be seen that not less than
eight thousand troops were ordered to General
Scott's line. Shortly after, other troops were or-
dered to that line, making up the full complement
asked for by General Scott.
General Scott acknowledged the receipt of these
reinforcements, but did not take back any of the
ill-natured remarks he had made, and which, prob-
ably, he now regretted. The gentleman, in one
part of his speech, alluded to a purpose of the Ad-
ministration to supersede General Taylor in his
command upon the Rio Grande. The same thing
had often been repeated m debate. Mr. H. would
let General Scott himself reply. Mr. H. had al-
ready shown that the withdrawal of the troops
from his command at Monterey had General Tay-
lor's own approbation. He would now show from
the book that there had never been any such pur-
pose cherished by the Administration:
" I ctnild not propose to do this (take you with me in my
command) for two reasons, either of which was conclusive
with me at the moment—fir>t, I thought you would be left
in a higher and more responsible position wheie you arc;
and, second, I knew it urns not toittempluted by the Govern-
ment to supersede you, or take you Jrom. that immediate com-
mand
General Taylor, on the 15th January, at Vic-
toria, wrote to General Scott:
" I beg leave to remark that the movement of the troops
in this direction and my own march hither were undertaken
for public reasons, freely set forth in my reports to the Ad-
jutant General, one of them being my desiie to place in a
position for embarkation to Vera Cruz, should the Govern-
ment order an expedition to that point, the force (two thou-
sand regulars and two thousand volunteers) which I reported
might he spared for that service."
This showed a perfect understanding between
the War Department and Generals Scott and Tay-
lor as to the forces General Taylor could safely
spare.
General Scott, writing to General Taylor, Jan-
uary 26, 1847, said:
" I hope 1 have loft or f-hall leave you, including the new
volunteers who will be up soon, a competent force to defend
the head of vourhne (Monteiey) and its communications
with the depftts in the neighborhood. To enable yon to do
thH more certainly, I inu«=t ask you to abandon Saltillo and
make no detachments, except for reconnoissanccs and im-
mediate defence, much beyond Monterey. I know this to
be the wish of the Government, founded on reason* in which
I concur; among them, that the enemy intends to opeiate
against small detachments and posts."
General Taylor told General Scott, that in with-
drawing troops from Monterey to reinforce the
expedition against Vera Cruz, he must leave him
force enough to enable him to defend his post; and
General Scott accordingly left all the force that
General Taylor required. This showed that Gen-
eral Taylor had all the force which was deemed
necessary to enable him to maintain his position
as far up as Monterey. The Administration ad-
vised him to abandon Saltillo.
There was one more thing in the speech of the
gentleman from North Carolina which Mr. H.
must notice. The gentleman had brought this
charge against the Administration. He would not
snv that Mr. Polk desired to see the army defeated;
but he charged him with a gross want of foresight.
And on what did this charge rest? Why, the
President was always expecting peace from one
battle to another. Whenever we gained a victory
Mr. Polk thought that peace was certainly coming,
and then ceased his reinforcements. Well, sup-
pose it was true that the President did look for
peace after each successive victory; who was it
that led him to that belief? The gentleman, in
advancing this charge, had been about as unfor-
tunate as he had before been about the removal of
the army to the Rio Grande, or the withdrawal of
