THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
the troops from General Taylor. Who led the ,
President to expect peace after victory ? General i
Scott, writing from Vera Cruz, said: j
<' A!J the intelligent, the wealthy, and the sober-minded
«* 7«ns of'the capita) add elsewhere are anxious for peace— '
vieMineto in a*- the basi* the left bank of the Itto Grande j
and Upper California. With American commissioners at .
the headquarters of this army, I think it quite probable thai
bv our arrival at Puebla, if not before, we t-hotild be met by I
Mexican commissioners empowered to treat on thatbasis.''' j
This was on the 5th of April, 1847. Here Gen- j
eral Scctt told the Department he expected to be j
met by commissioners ready to treat on the basis j
of yielding the Rio Grande as our boundary, and !
giving up Upper California to the United States. ;
Yet the gentleman ridiculed the treaty just ratified i
by the Senate as a lame and impotent conclusion f
to so great a contest. If it was, who was it that '
led the President to that very conclusion ? Scott
had told him that if he would send a commissioner
they would probably get a treaty on .the above
basis. The President did send a commissioner,
and yet now the gentleman said, that if General
Scott had not been *4 trammelled with a commis- ,
sioner," he might have taken the city and ended !
the war by a treaty long before. The Adminis- j
tration had adopted the very policy General Scott \
had recommended; he advised the sending a com- |
missioner to accompany the army, that thus we ■
might meet Mexico with the sword in one hand ;
and the olive branch in the other. If there was j
any error in the course of the Administration in j
this respect, it was the error of General Scott, j
•But now that all was over, the gentleman came out 1
very sagaciously and declared that the case was so
plain that any man with ordinary foresight might J
have anfieipated and provided for it. It reminded j
Mr. H. of the old story of the cow eating the 1
grindstone. " I told you so long ago; you ought
to have^taken better care." But he wouhl tell
the gentleman what the President did foresee: he
foresaw that he never would get peace in Mexico
tiil he had conquered the opposition at home. And
they would be conquered. The Democracy were
able to conquer them, and they would do it. War
to the knife and the knife to the hilt, till Mexico
should agree to a peace. This was General Scott's
doctrine.
Mr. H. said, in conclusion, that it was his firm !
belief, and he did not shrink from declaring it !
here, that there was not one accusation against the -
Administration m the gentleman's whole speech ;
that was not founded in error. The gentleman 1
had charged the Administration with corruption m
contracts, while it turned out that his own party
friends were as much in fault as anybody.
(Here Mr. H.'s hour expired.] I
There were many competitors for the floor; but !
Mr. VINTON called for the orders of the day, !
and moved that the House go into Committee of i
the Whole.
Mr. CLINGMAN insisted that he had obtained
the floor and addressed the Chair before the gen-
tleman from Ohio rose.
Mr. VINTON said that made no difference. He
had a ri£rht under the rules to demand the orders
of the d.-fy, and he should insist on that call.
Mr. CLING MAN" entreated for a few minutes
to reply to the gentleman from Indiana while he
remembered what the gentleman had said; by to-
morrow he should have forgotten it all. [A laugh.]
The question recurring on Mr. Vinton's motion
to go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, the House divided—the ayes were 62;
but before the noes were announced, the yeas and
nays were demanded and taken, and stood as fol-
low s: Yeas 93, nays 81.
The House aeroidingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of (lie Whole, (Mr. Cranston, of Rhode
Island, in the chair.)
Mr. VINTON moved that the committee pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill making appro-
priations tor (he support of the Military Academy
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1849. Agreed
to.
The bill having been gone'through—
Mr. STEPHENS said, before the bill was laid
aside to be icpoited to the House, he wished to
submit a few remarks to the committee upon
another subject, \iz: the correspondence which
had leon bent to the House from the War Depart-
ment, in answer to a icsoiution passed some days
a^o, and upon which the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. I-Ikstleyj had addressed the House a few
moments ago. lie wished to call the attention of
the House and the country to the important poai- j
tion in which they were placed. Here was a reso- j
lution of this House calling on the President of j
the United States to communicate all the corre-
spondence which might have taken place between
certain officers of this Government, which might
not be considered detrimental to the public service
to be made known; and yet they had witnessed
this morning the singular exhibition of _a gentle-
man coming forward.and reading to this House
letters which, if he (Mr. S.) understood them,
should have been embraced in this correspondence,
but which had been withheld from the House.
He asked this House what was the condition of
the Representatives of the people of this country?
How was it that that gentleman, or any other,
could get that correspondence which had been
suppressed from the public? Did it not_ comport
with the dignity of this House to investigate this
subject? The gentleman said that these letters,
which he had read, and which were not in the
correspondence communicated to this House, had
been furnished him, as he (Mr. S.) understood the
gentleman, by the Secretary of War, and at his
request.
Air. HENLEY (the floor being yielded for ex-
planation) said it had been charged by the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] that
certain letters had been withheld. Pie did not
know at the time but the Secretary of War might
have withheld some of the letters which he thought
ought not to be made public. He had called upon
the Secretary for the purpose of inquiring what
| was the nature of those letters which had not been
[ furnished, and which the gentleman from North
| Carolina had charged contained important matter
[ in some way criminating the Administration. The
I Secretary had told bim that those letters would
have been furnished if it had been supposed that
they were called for; that two of them were letters
! of recommendation given to gentlemen going to
| Mexico—mere letters of introduction; and that
j another was a letter of General Scott to Mr. Mar-
| cy, stating when he would leave New York, and
1 that his movements must necessarily be obscure
■ for a time. So far as related to the" plan of the
1 campaign, that had never bffen called for by any
' communication from this House; and when it was,
it would He furnished at once.
Mr STEPHENS remarked that he had under-
stood the gentleman, in his argument, to state that
these letters had been furnished by the Secretary
of War, and that they would show that the com-
ments of the gentleman from North Carolina, a
few days ago, were unfounded.
Mr. HENLEY. So far as the charge is con-
j eerned that these letters contained what was calcu-
| lated to sustain the charges made by the gentleman
I from North Carolina against the Administration.
I Mr STEPHENS continued. And now the gen-
j tleman camc forward and said the Secretary of
, War had had a private interview with him, and
I had furnished him the letters; and that he (the
! Secretary) did not know that any gen tleman wanted
1 them! He referred to the terms of the resolution
■ under which the call was made, for "copies of
I ' all correspondence between the Secretary of War
'and Major General Scott, and between theSecre-
' tary of War and Major General Taylor, and
1 between Major General Scott and N. P. Trist,
1 late Commissioner of the United States to Mex-
{ico, and between the latter and the Secretary of
| { State, which has not heretofoie been published,
' and the publication of which may not be inconi-
' palible iintk the public interest." And yet (said
he) here were letters brought forward now by
, private members of the House to exculpate these
' officers from charges which had been made on this
floor, which letters were not contained in the doc-
! uments which had been communicated to them!
He asked a?ain, did this comport with the dignity
: of the American Congress? They had called some
; two or three mouths since for the instructions of
, the President to Mr. John Slide!!. They had been
, told by the President that he could not, consist--
■, ently with the public interest, declare to the free-
men of this country—his masters and theirs—
what they were: and yet, in lessthanthreemonths,
we saw those instructions published to the four
winds of Heaven! How they got into the news-
I papers no one could tell; but, after what we have
■ : seen to-day, it would not be difficult to guess that
■ it was through the agency of some friend of the
;; President. He asked if it aid not become them to
vindicate the dignity of the House? How long
should they be trifled with and defied in this way?
He did not know what other letters the Secre-
tary of War, or the President, or some of the rest
of the tools of the present Executive, might furnish
to gentlemen on that side of the House, to defend
them whenever a sense of convenience might
prompt them to do it. Yes, when it had been con-
clusively established before the House and the
country that the order for the advance of our troops
from Corpus Christi on the 13th January was
given by the President before Mr. Slid ell's letter
could have reached here giving the information of
his final rejection—when the President was en-
deavoring to bolster himself up by the pretence
that he gave that order when it was known that
Mr. Slidell had been rejected—he said, when the
correspondence had been published, and it had
been made fully to appear that Mr. Slidell's letter
could not have been received here until after that
order was given, why then, lo! and behold! ano-
ther trick similar to that practised this morning
had been played oif on this floor. The gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Rhett] had come in
and stated to the House that he had had a private*
interview with the Secretary of State, and had seen
a communication which had been received, with
an endorsement that it had been received on the
12th of January, which notified him that Mr. Sli-
dell had been, or would be, rejected. He (Mr. S.)
wished to call the attention of the House and the
country to tiie inquiry, if that was true, why had
not the House and the country been furnished
with that important information?
Mr. HfiNLEY again interposed, and (Mr. S.
giving way) wished to state to the House, once
for all, that this correspondence of which the gen-
tleman was now speaking was not considered by
the Secretary of War embraced in the ctdl of the
House; but the charge having been made that he
had withheld information which would sustain the
[\ charges of the gentleman from North Carolina, he
i1 (Mr. Henley) had called and got these letters
1 which he had this morning produced. It was fur-
i! nished him that it might be considered as having
I been furnished officially, and gentlemen, if they
,i desired, mi<rbt make the motion to printit. The
Secretary of War did not suppose it necessary; did
' not even suppose it was called for. There were
two letters of introduction, and one marked " pri-
vate" from General Scott to the Seeretai y of War.
Mr. STEPHENS said he should greatly prefer
that the Secretary should make his own reports,
than that this House should be left to receive them
in this way. Let the Secretary of War or the
President state to this House, under the obliga-
tions of their official stations, that these letters
were there. What he censured was; that they had
not been furnished to the House when they were
called on to furnish all the correspondence.
The gentleman said the Secretary of War did
not consider them embraced in the call. He (Mr.
S.) asked .why did he not? Did not the-House
call for all? Did they call for garbled correspond-
ence? Plow, then, could he have withheld it?
1 There was but one reason which could have justi-
fied him—that it was incompatible with the public
interests to be communicated. He wished to know
| how it was compatible with the public interests to
! communicate it to a gentleman privately, to come
! in and make the announcement of it to the coun-
! try, when it had been suppressed at the call of the
| House? If it was incompatible with the public in-
I terests to answer their call, how was it compatible
| with the Secretary of War to have a private mter-
i view with the gentleman from Indiana,and autho-
:i rize him to come in and read these hitter*, for the
; purnose of defending that functionaiy and the
: President1 and this in garbled portions, perhaps;
' for he could only judge of thfc gentleman's reading
i' of these letters from th  manner in which he had
I] read the letters from General Taylor, to refer to
|l which was the main purpose for which he had
ij risen, and to show to the House the manner in
L which he had garbled the letter of General Taylor
j| for the purpose of producing the impression that
'i General Taylor was not only willing, but had ac-
;j tually given the advice for the withdrawal of his
h (General T.'s) troops to General Scott's line in the
!j manner in which it was done; in other words, that
! General Taylor approved of the withdrawal of his
I forces to General Scott's column, and that the de-
Ij partment was in that but acting according to his
L wishes. That was the impression the gentleman
