1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO®E.
mi
had endeavored to make upon the country, and he
supposed upon this House.
Now he (Mr. S.) wished to call the attention of
the House to the whole of the letter of General
Taylor of the 15th January, of which the gentle-
man from Indiana had only given a portion, be-
cause it would show that while General Taylor
was willing to part with a portion of his forces to
strengthen the column of General Scott, he had
never dreamed of being so entirely stripped as he
was. It would show also'that General Taylor was
left there in a defenceless position without ever
being notified by the department of such an inten-
tion. But to the whole letter he asked attention—
to the whole of it; he should give no garbled ex-
tract :
Headquarters Army of Occupation, £
Camp near Victoria, Mexico, Jaimary 15, 1847. )
Sir: In a communication adfliessed this day to jour Maff
officer, I have replied to so much of your letter of the 6th
instant and its enclosures as relates to points of detail; but
there are other and grave topics embraced m those commu-
nications to which I deem it my right and my duty to reply
directly.
The amount of force to he drawn from this frontier, and
the manner in which itproposed to withdmw it, iiad never
fully come to my knowledge until yo&tordnv, though hinted
at m your note of November 25. Had j ou, General, relieved
me at once in the whole command, and aligned me to duly
under your order, or allowed mo to lelire fiom the field, be
a^ured thai no complaint would have been heard from mo;
but while almost every man ot my regular force and half the
volunteers* (now in respectable discipline) are v'jthdiawn
for distant service, it seems that 1 am expected, with less
than a thousand regulars and a volunteer force partly of new
levies, to hold a defeiifrive line, while a large aimy of more
than twenty thousand men is m my fiont.
I speak only ot a defensive line; lor the idea of assuming
offensive operation* in the direction of San Lin- by Maich,
or even May, wirh Mich troop* n  can then bo at my depo-
sition, is quite too preposterous to be entei tamed for a mo-
ment, At'lei all tjiat I have wnlten to the department on
the subject of such operations, f find it dilnouir to behove
that I am heriou-lv expected to undertake them with the
extraordinary limited means, at my disposal.
I cannot misiuuieistand the object of the arrangements
indicated hi your letters. 1 feel that I have lost the confi-
dence of the Government, or it would not have sufieied me
to remain up to this tune ignorant of its intentions, with so
vitally nfl'ectnig mteiests committed to my charge. .But,
however muth [may feel personally mollified and outtaged
at the course pursued, unprecedented at least in our own
history, I \vnl carry out in eood taith, while I leyinm in
Mexico, the views of the Government, though I may be
sacrificed in the effort,
I deeply rearet to find in your letters of January 3d, to
MiijurGeuer.il Butler and myself, an allusion to my position
hete, which 1 can hut consider an insinuation that £ have
put myselt willingly out of the r<ach of your communica-
tions. I beg leave to remark, that the movement ot the
troops in this direction,and rav own march hither, weie un-
dertaken for public reason*, fieely sot foith in my repons to
the Adjutant General, one of them being my de*ne to place
in position, foi cmbutcation to Veia Cruz, should the Gov-
ernment oidei an expedition to that point, the foice (two
thousand regulats and two thousand volunteer*) which 1
reported might be spaied toi that mm vice.
1 have the honor to be, General, vout obedient servant,
Z. TAYhOK,
Major General U. IS. J!commanding.
Major Gen. WiNFiru? Scott,
Commanding U. S. J2.> Brazos Island, Vexat.
In ft passing: comment in the course of the read-
ing, Mr. S. remarked, that instead of General Tay-
lor having been left with " a thousand regulars,"
it had turned out that lie was left with but a very
few over five hundred regulars; and said all he
wanted was for that entire letter to go to the coun-
try with the gentleman's speech. It was a suffi-
cient answer to it.
That was the whole truth, (continued Mr. S.)
General Taylor never had advised that he should
thus be stripped of his forces and exposed to the
attack of Santa Anna with his twenty thousand
men. He had contemplated that only two thou-
sand regulars and two thousand volunteers should
be taken from his army. He (Mr. S.) knew this
to lie true; and he believed there was a gentleman
now present who also knew it. [Mr. McLane,
to whom allusion was made, nodded assent.] This
order came to General Taylor—came upon him
like a clap of thunder in a clear sky. And yet he
was not only to be used up in this way, but liter-
ally tomahawked by misrepresentations on this
floor. After this order thus depriving him of
nearly all his forces, the gentleman was to rise up
and say that he (General Taylor) advised Jt, and
that he was exposed to Santa Anna with his little
Thermopylae band at his own request! There
was no truth in it. General Taylor felt outraged,
by it, and he spoke of it as a soldier and a patriot.
He, however, made himself master of his fortunes,
adverse as they were. * He met the attack as he
would meet all similar attacks; he met it as he
would meet all the attacks which the gentleman
from Indiana or any of his coadjutors on this floor
could make against him. Attacks from that source
would be futile and impotent. The gallant old
hero stood out boldly before the American people a
Colossus of greatness which the gentleman's arm
could never reach.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.McCLEKNAND]
had got up and read a letter published in the Union,
that Genera! Taylor was, as the writer declared,
in favor of this and of that. This but showed the
efforts, the futile efforts, which some gentlemen
were putting themselves to, for the purpose of
weakening the hold which General Taylor had on
the hearts of the American people, and proving
him unworthy of that deep confidence which they
had in hi'm.
Mr. McCLERNAND (the floor being yielded)
explained that his object in reading that letter had
not been to show that General Taylor was un-
worthy, but, on the contrary, that he was worthy
of the hold which the gentleman said he had on
the hearts of the American people, on the ground
that he held to the doctrines of the present tariff,
that he condemned a United States Bank, and jus-
tified the removal of the troops fron* Corpus Christi
to the Rio Grande.
Mr. STEPHENS inquired of the gentleman if
he thought that General Taylor was worthy of the
confidence of the American people?
Mr. McCLERNAND replied, that so far as his
views went in relation to these points, he certainly
was; but he doubted very much if his friend from
Georgia would appreciate him (General Taylor)
very highly for them. He would refer the gentle-
man for further information, concerning the letter
which he had read, to the honorable gentleman
from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown.]
Mr. STEPHENS said it was time enough for
him to make inquiries of the honorable gentleman j
from Mississippi, when he should rise and endorse
the letter.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, (Mr, S. further
yielding,) said this letter seemed to be of some
consequence to the House, which he had certainly
not attached to it. It was a letter which had been
addressed to him by a gentleman of Mississippi;
Dr. Kemmell, of Hinds county, Mississippi, a
most reputable and clever gentleman; and though
he (Mr, B.) hf\d no means of knowing anything
in regard to the authenticity of the letter, further
than that he recognized the handwriting, he had
no reason to doubt the genuineness of the letter.
The author was a gentleman in all respects above
reproach, and he (Mr. B.) could say that he had
penned nothing to him, or to anybody else, with-
out having what he believed sufficient evidence of
its truth.
[Several voices, <c Who is it?"]
Dr. Timothy Kemmell, of Hinds county, Mis-
sissippi, (Mr. B. repeated;) a gentleman who he
believed was formerly from Maine, and with whom
some of the gentlemen from Maine might peihaps
be acquainted.
Mr. STEPHENS (resuming) said the whole
matter resulted as he had supposed it would. He
had never doubted that some gentleman had writ-
ten to some gentleman of this city about what he
supposed General Taylor's opinions might be.
But he (Mr. S.) preferred to get them from the
General himself.
The gentleman from Illinois had wished to show,
as he said, that Genetal Taylor wax entitled to the
confidence of the American people, for the senti-
ments imputed to him in the letter which had been
read. Sir, (said Mr. S.,) General Taylor's past
life is a much better guarantee to me of the confi-
dence of the American people than any letter from
Dr. Timothy Kemmell, or anybody else, stating
that he learned from some other person that Gen-
eral Taylor believed so and so. General Taylor
is known to his best and most intimate friends to
be decidedly opposed to these measures; he is
known to be a true Whig, and he has lately reaf-
firmed the same; and everybody knows that when
General Taylor speaks, he speaks the truth.
He would ask the gentleman from Illinois if he
believed General Taylor was not a Wing, and if
he was ready to give him the endorsement of his
name and his party, and run him for the Presi-
dency. If he would say so, he (Mr. S.) replied,
Come on, and let us all for once unite in electing
one Chief Magistrate worthy of that exalted sta-
tion. But, sir, this the gentleman and his party
wisl! never ,do. They know thaj. General Taylor
does not belong, to their school ofpohtics; and
these side-licks, these passes under the fifth rib,
were made by gentlemen who knewhinvto be a
thorough Whig, and who wished to detract from
his fame as a Whig, and to injure him in the house
of his friends. It was on this account that these
efforts were made against him. But they, like all
others, would rebound upon the heads of their
authors.
Mr. McCLERNAND, interposing, said he had
not detracted from the fame of General Taylor.
He had spoken on the authority of the letter to
which he had referred, and the gentleman from
Georgia could now judge as well as he of its au-
thenticity. The gentleman said, however—this
letter to the contrary notwithstanding, which af 
firmed that General Taylor was m favor of the
present tariff, against a national bank, and justified
the movement of the army from Corpus Christi to
the Rio Grande—that General Taylor was a Whig.
He (Mr. McC.) asked the gentleman, Wherefore?
Where was the evidence? Was he (General Tay-
lor) for a protective tariff—for a national bank?
For what measure of the Whig party could he
show him to be?
Mr. STEPHENS said the authority of that let-
ter was nothing. The writer did not even pretend
to become sponsor for the truth of its information.
But he would ask the gentleman if he believed him
to be a Democrat? That was the best way to test
it. The gentleman would not say he believed him
to be a Democrat. He did pot, therefore, place
any confidence in his own authority. That was
the very point to which he was coming, that,
although the letter might he used for the purpose
of creating the impression that General Taylor was
not a true sound Whig, yet the gentleman was not
himself convinced by the evidence he had adduced
to support his cause. He intended no disrespect
to the gentleman, or to the gentleman from Missis-
sippi. He presumed they could get a hundred
more such letters.
If the gentleman asked him (Mr. S.) where was
his evidence that General Taylor was a Whig, he
replied that he took it from the hands of that old
man, who had never falsified the truth. He had
said he was a Whig; he had said that in the last
contest he would have voted for Mr. Clay. That
was sufficient evidence with the gentleman, he
(Mr. S.) presumed. He knew it was with the
gentleman's patty. If a gentleman had voted for
Mr. Clay, he doubted whether he would have got
any of the spoils under Mr. Polk. He doubted,
among the numerous hordes that had come up here
for office, if it would have been a passport to favor
for any one to have had it known that he voted for
Mr. Clay. He would then have been denounced
as a Whig—perhaps a Mexican Whig. General
Taylor had repealed again and a^iii that he was
a Whig; and the confidence of the American peo-
ple in him was not to be weakened by any such
shifts as these. The " Union" might publish such
a letter every morning for a month, and he assured
the gentleman it would have no effect. The Whigs
were not in the habit of consulting that organ to
know whom to trust-
Mr. McCLERNAND again interposed, and
(the floor being yielded) said, if it was true that
General Taylor held the sentiments promulgated
in that letter, they would benefit rather than injure
him. He asked, if such were his views, whether
the gentleman fiom Gcoigiawas for him? And he
would like to have the gentleman state, as he af-
firmed lum to he a Whig generally, what a Whig
was? Whether General Taylor was for a national
bank ' for a protective tariff? for the Wilmot pro-
viso? or upon what side of all these questions
he was? He hoped the gentleman would an*
swer.
Mr. STEPHENS (resuming) said he would
answer the gentleman by telling him, that, in his
opinion, it was no very bad evidence of being a
Whig to be opposed to the mischievous schemes
and reckless policy of this Administration. But
he was not now going to be drawn into a discus-
sion of the bank question, tariff question, Wnmot
proviso, or any other party issue. He would do
that at a proper time, if the gentleman wished u.
But he would tell the gentleman from Illinois that
he did not believe that General Taylor would ever
suffer himself to be made the football of political
managers. He was a Whig: everybody knew it.
And if he should be elected, no man douoted that
he would administer the Government upon Whig.
