588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 0,
principles. The gentleman need give himself no
uneasiness upon that point.
Mr. MeGLERIN'AND, again interposing, said
he wished to disclaim any such purpose on his part
of political manoeuvres, or of making a football of
General Taylor. If there were any such design, it
rested with the gentleman's own party—the Clay
wing, which had been treating General Taylor
most cavalierly. It seemed to him that Mr. Polk,
so far from being hostile to General Taylor, had
furnished evidence of generosity to him, inasmuch
as he had promoted him from the rank of Colonel
to Major General, in which situation he had cov-
ered himself with glory.
Mr. STEPHENS. Did I understand the gen-
tleman to say that Mr. Polk had been kind to Gen-
eral Taylor?
Mr. McCLERNAND. That he had promoted
him.
Mr. STEPHENS (resuming) said they did not
dare to tell the old hero what they meant to do.
They never wrote to him, but sent General Scott
to do it. Now, what did General Scott say to
General Taylor?
" I hope I have left, or shall leave you, including the new
volunteers who will soon be up, acompetentforce to defend
the head of your line (Monterey) and its communications
with the depots in the neighborhood. To enable you to do
this more certainly, I must ask you to abandon Salullo, and
lo make no detachments, except for reconnaissances and im-
mediate defence, much beyond Monterey. I know this to
be the wish of the Government, founded on reasons in which
I concur."
Was that treating him kindly? (asked Mr. S.)
Mr. McCLERNAND, (in his seat.) That was
not the point to which I alluded.
Me. STEPHENS presumed that was not the
point; but it was the point which showed how he
had been neglected by this very President whom
the gentleman from Illinois represented as having
treated him so generously and kindly.
But the gentleman had asked whether he (Mr.
S.) thought it important for General Taylor to an-
swer certain questions. For himself he would re-
ply, that it was enough for him to know that the
roan in whom he confided was true to the princi-
ples in which he believed; it was enough for him
to know that he was true to the Constitution,
which had been set at naught by the gentleman's
President.
He wished to say a word about these political
managers and intriguers, who had become a curse
to the people of this country; who were devoid of
character and principle; worms, slimy worms, that
crept, and crawled, and fawned, and deceived for
power; who had not the principle and spirit of
men about them. They were all, however, apt in
their catechism. There was no question that could
be asked that they could not answer, and in a lan-
guage that had as many readings as the places or
sections to which it might reach. They wrote
letters that read one way to one class of the peo-
ple, and another way to another class. And what
was it but an attempt to deceive, mislead, hum-
bug the honest yeomanry of this country? Go
back, and the history of the past few years would
bear him out in the declaration. Let the gentle-
man take up his own party's management. What
was their present Executive? Had he any ability,
any character in this country? Had he even been
thought of by anybody as a proper person to be
put at the head of this Government ? No. How
was it, then, that he had been intrusted with the
important power he had so shamefully abused? It
was by nothing but skill in the political catechism,
by answering letters which he (Mr. S.) supposed
were perfectly satisfactory to the gentleman from
Illinois, to some of the gentlemen from Pennsyl-
vania, and to gentlemen of the Democratic paity
in all parts of the country, however various or
contradictory their views; answering them m a
particular way, using words not to be understood,
but to be interpreted according to the place and oc-
casion. In this way the honest people had been
deceived and misled; and he supposed now, from
certain signs which he saw, that the object of the
party to which the gentleman from Illinois and the
gentleman near him [Mr. Bowdon] belonged was
the same—that they intended to play the same
game again.
He saw that one distinguished gentleman from
the section of country of the gentleman from Illi-
nois had figured largely about the Wilmot pro-
viso. He supposed the gentleman from Illinois
thought the people of the South were dupes
enough, as the people of Pennsylvania were in
voting for Mr. Polk, to be deceived by such blar-
ney as that. If he did, he was wonderfully mis-
taken. The people of the South were not to be
duped in any such way. As the gentleman near
him from New York [Mr. Duer] had said the
other day, he would rather take up even an avowed
anti-Wilmot proviso man from the South than a
Northern dough-face. So he (Mr. S.) said he
would prefer an out-and-out Wilmot proviso man
to one who would undertake to cheat him, to de-
ceive him, as the letter to which he had referred
indicated the attempt to deceive the people of the
South. He would rather have an open enemy
than a pretended deceitful friend. General Taylor
would write no such letters; and if the gentleman
expected it, he would be mistaken. He would
never deceive the people of this country, or any
part of it. Nor would he speak with " bated
breath" even to be President. He " asks no favor
and shrinks from no responsibility." That was
General Taylor's position, and the country would
alwayslind him honest and aboveboardon this and
every other question.
[Mr. Bowdon here said a word to Mr. S., which
was not caught by the reporter.]
One thing he (Mr. S.) would tell the gentleman
from Alabama: General Taylor would never de-
ceive the people of this country. He had never yet
deceived anybody, and he would not upon this or
any question. One other thing he would not do;
he would never bow and truckle for office. This
was one of the best evidences that he deserved to be
trusted. He would never make promises and give
pledges to the people for the sake of getting power,
and then betray their interests. No; it was incon-
sistent with the'spirit which marked his every act.
And he asked gentlemen on the other side of the
House, particularly the gentleman from Alabama,
if there was not something now in his position which
commended him peculiarly to the favor of the Amer-
ican people? While your Buchanans, your Dal-
lasses, yourCasses, and your Polks, supported by
the "Union," were literally promising everything
to everybody, General Taylor occupied a proud
position—one that the greatest might envy. He
did not degrade himself to such a level. No; he
stood on an eminence high and puie, far above the
great crowd of party wranglers, and those who
engage in a scramble for the spoils of office. His
position commanded not merely admiration, but
had that in it approximating to moral sublimity,
such as no man in this country since the days of
Washington had evinced.
Mr. BOWDON interposed, and (Mr. S. yield-
ing) was understood to say that he went for no
man, north, south, east, or west, who would not
come out and declare his position upon all political
questions. General Taylor had been distinguished
as a military man, and, as he himself said, had
mingled little in politics for years; and while the
gentleman from Pennsyvania [Mr. Stewart]
thought him a high tariff' man, the gentleman from
Georgia thought him something else. He, (Mr.
B.) went for a Democrat, and alone for a Demo-
crat—one who had boldness enough to tell what
he was and where he-stood.
Mr. STEPHENS said he did not suppose any-
body would charge General Taylor with a want of
boldness either in speaking his sentiments or m
anything else, and he would caution the gentleman
not to commit himself too broadly on that ground;
for he expected he would yet vote for General
Taylor. [A laugh.]
Mr. BOWDON was understood to reply that
the gentleman from Georgia might yet vote against
him.
Mr. STEPHENS said the gentleman need have
no apprehensions on that point. General Taylor
was his (Mr. S.'s) choice, and he was the choice,
he believed, of a large majority of the American
people; and he had some doubt whether he should
see his friend from Alabama unfortunate enough to
get into the minority.
But the gentleman had said General Taylor had
not come out and made his sentiments known. He
(Mr. S.) assured him he need not be uneasy on
that point. General Taylor's sentiments were well
known. He never disguised his opinions; he never
spoke in one language to one section of the coun-
try, and in another language to another section.
He would not degrade his nature by so humiliating
himself; and he would assure the gentleman that
the best pledges a man could give were an honest
purpose and a blameless life, spent in the service
of his country. Such was the character of Gen-
eral Taylor. All knew him to be honest, and pos-
sessed of an integrity of soul beyond all reproach*
When General Taylor spoke, the people of this
country believed him. They had been deceived
once, but they did not know their man. He was
not the man to send the Kane letter, and resort to
such other miserable subterfuges to deceive the
people, for the purpose of obtaining their voles.
He would ask no man to go through the country
to endorse opinions, as a certain distinguished indi-
vidual went through Pennsylvania declaring tt\at
James K. Polk was a better tariff man than Henry
Clay. He told gentlemen they need not be so
anxious to get the " Organ" in this city to attempt
to scatter disunion among the Whig ranks through-
out the country. If would have no effect. It would
in nowise weaken the attachment felt by the
people, for that gallant old chief—that man of the
people—whom the Administration had been hunt-
ing down so long. He held the American heart,
and they might read their fate in the handwriting
on the wall.
Mr. S. then proceeded to read from another letter
of General Taylor, to show the feelings with which
he received this order which took from him his
tried and veteran troops—the men who had been
with him on the bloody fields of Palo Alto and
Resaca de la Palma—with whom he had stoimed
the heights of Monterey, and upon whom he had
relied to meet Santa Anna. This letter showed
the feelings of that gallant old soldier, who had
been represented by the gentleman from Indiana
as advising this withdrawal of his own troops. It
was the letter of General Taylor to the Adjutant
General, of the date of January 27, 1847, as fol-
lows:
Headquarters Army of Occupation',
Camp near Montr-rev, January 27,1817.
Sir : My despatch No. 5 lias advised you of the measures
taken to meet Major General Scott's requisition for troops,
and, as neaily a-s practicable at tins time, of the amount and
description of force left under my orders in this part of
Mexico.
Having fulfilled my duty in carrying out what I believed
to be the wishes of the Government, I now beg have to
invite the attention of the department to several points of
grave interest to my.-elf, and not without importance in their
bearing upon the public service.. I have tlieTefbre to request
that Jhi? communication maybe laid before the sSecretaiy of
VVar.arid by him be submitted to the Piesidentofthe United
State's.
I will first speak of fhe extraordinary reserve manifested
by the Department of War in not communicating to me the
intentions of the Government—at least m regard to the with-
drawal of so large a portion of my command. Had I not
been deemed a safe repository of its purposes, I nnglit, at
any rate, have been instructed to hold the troop? in readi-
ness for detachment. A special messenger, despatched from
Washington, when the employment of Major General Scott
was determined upon, would have reached meat the very
latest by the 8th of December—m time to suspend the move-
ment on Victoria, to spare a portion of the army, including
myself, along and expensive march of four hundred miles,
and to prevent the murder of a young officer with important
despatches, now in the hands ot the enemy. But up to this
moment I have not received a syllable from the Department
of War on this subject—my only advices being a semi-
official letter from Major General Scott, in New York, dated
I November and received by me Decunber 24, In* mstruc-
. tions of Januarys, received January Id, and ht* letter of
' December 20 from New Orleans, received Januaiy 1C. All
' the^e delays and accidents would have been avoided by the
; employment of a special ineNsenger,and I can hardly believe
i that the occasion was not deemed important enough to war-
| rant that course.
| Having been placed in command of the army, and charged
! with the operations against Mexico by the otder of the Presi-
i dent of the Cnited Slates, had I chosen to be punctilious, I
I mishthave declined to make any detachment from my force
I without the same authority expressly communicated; but
j believing that Major General Scott was possessed of the
j views and wishes of the Government, I had no hesitation m
; complyingto the fullest extoit with his call for troops, and
| should have done so equally had it placed me under the nc-
| cessitv of abandoning all that had been gamed m tin.- qiur-
; ter. I have the sati>lactiori of knowing that the t oop  he
: has required have been promptly placed in position for em-
i barkation, and that no delay whatever had occurred in car-
, rymg out his instruction? as soon as received.
Again : J[ would respectfully state that no reply ha? been
j received lo my communications of October 15, Novembers,
| and November 12, replying, respectively, to {he despatches
; brought out by Lieutenant Arinwtead, Major Graham, and
} >lr. McLane. In those communication* 1 expressed fully
' and frankly my views on many important points connected
| with the prosecution of the campaign, and had reason to
j expret at least the courtesy of an acknowledgment
j While exercising a command which it is well known I
! never sought, it has been my constant aim to perform my
L whole duty without fear and without favor. The best m-
f tere>ts of the service and the country have been mv euide,
j and will continue to be while f remain in command, how-
j ever limited may be my force or embarrassing my situation :
; but, from the course which th  department has pursued m
j the above particulars, f am constrained to believe that I no
j longer possess the confidence of the Government. 1 can
' only regret that the President did not think proper, while
