590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
sorml friend and companion of Bonaparte, than
whom no man was more entitled to speak -with
authority on such a subject, had said, when feav-
in^ this country to return to France, that the Uni-
ted States wanted none of those whom Bonaparte
had to aid him in carrying out his great designs so
long as she possessed General Totten, an officer
not surpassed by any man alive. The academy
was safe in his hands.
Mr. 1. expressed his regret that a blow should
at this day have been aimed at an institution which,
after the most strenuous opposition and obloquy,
had fought itself into honor and distinction by the
science and the deeds of those who had there re-
ceived the elements of their military education.
He trusted that all those clouds of error, miscon-
ception, and prejudice, which once had obscured its
prospects, had now passed away, having forever
been dissipated by the exploits of a corps of offi-
cers such as was not to be found in the world.
He knew that there were in the service of other
countries individual officers of the highest attain-
ments, and whose education hc\d been of the very
first order. But he spoke of ourofficers as a body;
and the beauty of our system was, that owing to
the system of rigid discipline established and en-
forced in our Military Academy, every officer was
first a well-trained soldier. Before he could win his
epaulets he must pass thiough an arduous course
of military training; and so thorough was this pre-
vious course of preparation, that it had been as-
serted, and with truth, that there was no young
man who came out of West Point, and was of the
age of twenty-one, who was not able to command
a regiment in the field. Mr. I. trusted that this
motion to abolish the board of visiters would not
prevail.
Air. McCLELLAND did not regard the motion
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey]
as a blow aimed at West Point; on the contrary,
it was the result of a conviction entertained by
some of the best friends of the institution. The
question of the expediency and value of such a :
board had been thoroughly discussed some two i
years ago, and tiie amendment for the abolition of !
the board had been carried almost unanimously, i
There had been very few votes against H on either \
side of the House. In 1844 Mr. McC. was, he be- [
heved, the only Democrat who had made a speech j
in favor of the West Point Academy. i|
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, here rose in- ;!
quningly, and asked in what year of our Lord that :i
speech was made? [A laugh.] ~i'
Here a somewhat humorous colloquy took place i
between Mr. McCLELLANDand Mr. HOLMES J
(who has ever been a zealous supporter of the m- !■
stttution) about the priority of their regard for and \
advocacy of it, which elicited much merriment in i
that quarter of the House, but which was wholly !
lost to the reporter, J
Mr. HOLMES said he remembered making a j
speech for West Point in 1843.
Mr. McCLELLA??D never had been person- j
ally at West Point, but hnd, from the beginning, i
been its unfailing and unflinching advocate. ;
Air. HOLMES had been an early friend to the i
school, and he was now happy to find there was
another whom he had never heard of before. i
Mr. McCLELLAND said he had always been !
opposed to the board of visiters as an unnecessary |
appendage to the .system, increasing its expense '
without any corresponding benefit, and still more i
a? tending to an improper increase of Executive 1
patronage. Gentlemen on the other .side of the 1
Hju:>e were accustomed to represent themselves as .
very decidcd opponents to all increase of this'pa- 1
trounce; so was Air. McC. Here wv>s an item of
b^jOOO to cover the expense of a visit to the school '
pi tho ^annual examination by certain gentlemen ■
not o file cms, but in civil life, selected for that honor 1
by the department. ;
lIow ma.iy of those thus invited were compe- '
tmt *o conduct a thorough examination of the ca- '
iu-ts_ m the various departments of their very ex- 1
tensile education; Let gentlemen take up the list, 1
and they would not ri-id any body of visiters equal- ;
Jy competent m tin's inspect to the board of imli- I
t-uy ofil.-eis apoonited to the duty since the civil |
bo,nd had been suspended. Military men were ,
the only men competent to conduct such an exam-
ination.
The "'entlenvm from Pennsylvania [Mr. J. R.
Ingersoll] had paid a fine and a weil-descrvcd
compUmeiU to Colonel Totten. Mr. McC. agreed si
fully with every word of it; and as aproof that he
was sincere in this, he would add that he would
rather have Colonel Totten as an examiner than a
whole board of visiters, take them from where you
would.
There, was, in truth, ^io need of any board of
examiners at all. The thoroughness of the train-
ing to which these young gentlemen were subject-
ed had been severely and fully tested in Mexico,
and their deeds in the present war were the best of
allproofofthe competence of their education. Years
ago it had been the fashion m certain quarters to
attack this institution-: it was perhaps u political
and party hobby in some districts; but who now
was found coming forward to assail it? The country
had tried it, found its eifects, and proved them to
be good.
Mr. McC. would with great pleasure vote for
the amendment. Pending the question—
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
Notices of mottbns for leave to introduce bills were given
under tiie mle—
By Mr. FEATHERSTON : Of a hill for the relief of cer-
tain oiuzens of the county of Lowndes, m the State of Mis-
sissippi.
JBj Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas: Of a bill legarding the
location of Lovely donation claims m Arkansas.
The following memorials and petitions were presented
under tne ruk, and reierred:
By Mr. REYNOLDS: The petition of Richaid Ames, a
soldiur m the war o:'181-2, for pay and bounty (and.
i>) Mi. IlOLMEd, of Niw Vork: Tiie petition and other
paper-, of An.o- Knapp, a soldiei in the last war with Gieat
Bi nam, for relief.
By Mr. BAliROW: The petition of A. Z. Donnet, praiing
compensation at= Chari.6 d'Affaires at tne court of Portugal
from XiHh Apnl to 2tth December, Id41. !
By Mr. H A.LL. ot'Jtfew Yoik : The petition ot sundry mas-
ters and owners of Mesuuhoatsand vessels on tne great lakes,
asking foi an appropriation tor the establishment of eisht
buoys on the Niagara Rock, near tin- haihois at Butialo and
iiiack rivei, in the State ot iS'ew York.
By Mr. TAYLOit: The petition of Cornelius Brown and
56 orner*, citizen- ot Pike and Scioto comities, in the State
or Ohio, pia\ ing Congte^s to establish a new mail loute be-
tween fiketon and tin* tflaven Settlement, on Little Scioto,
in Beavtr towoMnp, in said Pike count} ; and that a post !
, oihee be located at or near Chailes Slaven's, in said town- •
l thip, to be called Gibson" po.-t ofhee. :
i By ah. WGNTWORTfl: Tin- petition of Isaiah WiU f
i ham-, for a p-n-.ion. Al u, the petition ot citizen- ot'La i
1 SiHe county, loi annul loute fiom i'cui. via Troy Gioie, ;
; Eaih ille, <ind Foui-inile Grove, to Pa'wp ivy Giovc, Hunois i
[ Also, tne petition of Captain Silas Clxatlield, tor an ears ot !
pension. '
Bv Mr. KAUFMAN": The petition of John Baldwin, F.
Robh, and other-, puijmg for alternate sections ot land situ-
ate on rife Louisiana title of Sabine nver, for clearing out
said Sabine river.
By Mi. GAINES: The petition of sundry citizens of the
city ot Covington, m ihe Slate of Ivcntuckv, prajins for «n
appropriation by Congress to repair the daiii at Cumberland
bar, on the Ohio nver.
By Mr. ECKjbRT: Two petitions, signed by 24% citizens
of Philadelphia, praying the Government to purchase 150
acres of the Mount Veinon estate, embracing the sepulchre
and man-ion of Washington.
fly Mr. TWEEDY: The petition of B.O. Conner, P. M
and 11G otheis, lor a poit route from Poit Wa-hincton to
Foid du Lac, in VWcon-in. Also, the petition of~H. M.
Dickinson, P. "-F.. and 20J oihet.-, for <\ po^t route from
Janosvill'j to Madison, in WKron-in, via Stone's
Fulton, and DunkirK. Also, the petition of Alvin FosU-i
and mh.'iN tor a post route tioin Snehovjnn to t.ie county j
seat of D.idge cou'ity, H'ucon-in, vm "Hcriieon and Jro i !
YVo.k- at Mmsulie. A.^o, the petition ot Cviu< He lucid :
and 73 others., for apo>t mute from Summit to Fond duLae, i
in W^oonsm. via Cammenoc, iWasno, ami lion \VorI & ,n I
Ma\>vilie. Al -o, tne petition ot Andrew E. Eilmom and |
^•2i/ others, ot Wankes-ha county, VWcon-qn. pra\ing for tiie '
freedom oi the public lands, in limited quantities, to actual j
settloi-, and that ah ti.ifi e by the Govemment, or under its i
peunis^ion, may be piohnulPd : of the petitioners, wiio are i
respectable ciu/uns oi \Viscon-u>, lo? aie owners and oe- •
eupant- o! I tniK and seveial have ^eived with credit in the i
Leiri-la^uie .asrl m other important othee-. \
Hy^Mr McLA\E: The memorial of ecrtam citizens of i"
the United Staios, praviiig lor the piochase ot Mount Ver-  !
uon, mat it miy be held as the propeity of the United i
Bj'Mr. HALL, of Missouri: A petition of John Warren j'
and oth 'r citizen^ of Daviess courtv, Missouri, p.aving a ii
grant of land to the llarirnbai and St.'jo^-ph R uhoan*. ! ]
By Mr t?TLT ART, of Mkmicuu : The petition o< citizen^ i!
of Van Bnren county, Michiyan, to. a mail tonte trom Paw !l
L aw, V!h Alinena Uentie. in said countv, to Alamo, m Kal- 'i
amazoo coimtv, inters, etm^ at that jK.-nt the iout^ fiom -
Kalamazoo to Ot>ego, in the county oi Allegan. 11
IxN SENATE.
Thursday, Jpvil 6; 184B.
Mr. BKNTON presented a memorial from the
firm of Ward & Smith, Ameiican merchants at
San Francisco, Upper California, asking to be al-
lowed interest and premium for a loan" made by
them to the L/nited States at San Francisco; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CASS presented a petition from citizens of
the United States, asking that Mount Vernon may
be purchased by the General Government; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BELL presented a petition from Western
Cherokee Indians, asking a settlement of their
claims under the treaty of 1846; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented a peti-
tion from Eliza Ann and Mary Brewer, represent-
atives of a deceased revolutionary soldier, asking
to be allowed bounty land; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions,
Also, a petition from Henry La Reintree, asking
the interposition and influence of the Senate with
thePiesident of the United States to procure the
appointment of purser in the navy; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
[This gentleman, it appears, is secretary to the
Pacific squadron, and is on board the United States
ship Independence; he bases his request on long
and faithful service, of all which tiie evidence is
appended. The memorialist says in his letter, that
" it is a new mode of seeking an appointment, but
it is an upright course. I rely on the integiity of
my motives and the justness of my cause."]
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported the following House bills, without
amendment: The bill for the relief of the heirs of
William Evans; the bill for the relief of Esther*
Russell; the bill for the relief of Jonathan Fitz-
water; and the bill for the relief of Zilpha White.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a lull for the relief
of John Lorimer Graham, late postmaster of the
city of New Yoik; which was read a first time.
Mr. UPHAM, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, made an adverse report on the pe-
tition of the \ epresentatives of Wm. Russworm.
i Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on Public
; Lands, reported a bill for the relief of William
| Wynn: which was read a first time.
I Air. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee of
| Claims, made an adverse report on the memorial
i of the administrator of Francis R. Sanchez.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill to declare
the true intent and meaning, so far as lcspects the
franking privilege of members of Congress, of the
act of the 1st March, 1845, &c.; which was read
a first time.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, reported a bill to increase the pay of military
storekeepers; which was read a first time.
[This bill s:ives to those at the armories of
Springfield and Harper's Ferry, and at the ar-
senals at Watervltet, Alleghany, Watertown, and
Washington, the pay, emoluments, and allowances
of a mnjor of infantry, and to those attached to
all other arsenals and depots, the pay, emoluments,
and allowances of a captain of infantry, the whole
to be m lieu of the pay and allowances received
under existing laws ]
FRENCH REVOLUTION.
Mr. ALLEN moved to postpone the previous
orders, and to proceed to the consideration of the
joint resolution submitted by him relating to the
revolution in Franco.
At the request of Mr. Ha\t\tega>7, who promised
to j-enew it, the motion was withdrawn.
_^Mr. HANNEGAN, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom the message of the
President was refen eel, reported the following series
of resolutions:
JOINT RPSOLUTTON" tendeiing the eo-ncivmiauonsof the
United State:-to the people of France.
Revolver?, $c. That, in tiie name and ori behalf of the
Aim-ticau people, the rmigratftt.Uinns ofthia r;n\on-incnt
:>r.' h'Me'oy fnchTt'd to tin* Frencn p-'opi-> npon tV' r<-eent
chmjre in then tonn ot_ iiovenn.ici.t, and tin ir ^uce*j.->fnl
cfioi t-? ihti- far to tound for tlu-n com,tivin.-titiUions similar
to our on n.
Br it /talker rc.tohp.tL That the moderation, hnmtrntv,
reyaul ioi yid.-r, and v-'iiPiation ior Ciiri ti \oiiy iii.nnte-U'd
by the IV-rich p'-opic in the accompli-iuiu'iit of iheir (rt-e-
dom, in-pi. e ih<; connduit hop- that Ui-n di tibeiat'on^ m
the oruani/nTi'm of the n< w(Jo\rr mient will be sodheoted,
undei I'rovid.'iioe, toen>un  the hbi-rtv, the true alorv,
and tin: eiKUiiiiig happuRN.- of a great and enlightened iu-
t:on.
Beit f'urthcr raolrcd. That Congress fully approves the
conduct o( onr minister. Richard Uush. in his prompt recog-
nition ot the Piovivnm.d Co\emmento! Fr;<we.
*dn<l be it further ic?ol,•(•//, 'I hat the Pie?idciit of the Uni-
ted States b«, and he is hereby, requested to transmit these
