1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
591
resolutions to the Ainencan minister at Paiis, with instruc-
tions to present them to the supreme authorities of the
French Republic.
The resolution having been re&d,
Mr. HANNEGAN moved to postpone the'pre-
vious orders, as he had pledged himself to do, and
yno.ved that the resolutions he had just reported be
taken up conjointly with the resolutions of the
Senator from Ohio.
. Mr. FOOTE expressed a desire to make some
remarks. There had been objection urged to an
expression in the resplutions of the Senator from
Ohio—" consolidate the piinciples of liberty."
Now, he wished to state that the word selected by
the Senator was sustained by the best scholastic
authority in the world.
Mr. PIALE rose to a question of order. A mo-
tion to postpone the previous orders was not/de-
batable.
At the request of Mr. Mangum, Mr. HALE
■withdrew his point 6f order.
I Mr. FOOTE said he wished only to say a single
word. The Senator from Connecticut took ex-
ception to the word 11 consolidate," as applied to
liberty. Now, he (Mr. F.) thought it was most
happily selected; it was the best word that could
have been chosen—the most scholastic, and, which
was still better, it was perfectly in accordance with
the French idiom, and therefore conveyed a pecu-
liarly graceful compliment. He had picked up the
last work of Lamartine, who was justly celebrated
as a literary man, a poet, an orator, and a states-
man; and he would read a passage from the second
volume'of his work on the Girondists. Here Mr.
F. read an extract from the French edition, (sta-
ting that he translated literally as he proceeded,)
to show that the word uconsolidate" was therein
used in reference to " the results of victory." He
hoped no one, after this, would question the accu-
racy of the expi ession.
One word more. Gentlemen seemed to think so
much of consolidated powei—to which he was as
much opposed as any one—that they could not
separate the words. Pie then showed that the
word was not only scholastic, but Washingtonian.
The word consolidated was first used by Wash-
ington, in reference to the consolidation of the
Union. Therefore it was Washingtonian. He
would only add that he was in favor of the French
movement, because it consolidated the principles
of liberty.
The motion to postpone was agreed to without
a division.
Mr. HANNEGAN then moved to take up all
the resolutions for consideration; which was agreed
to.
The question being on the amendment moved
by Mr. IIu.k—
Mr. MANGUM moved to strike out all the
original resolutions submitted by the Senator from
Ohio, and insert the resolutions reported by the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. ALLEN asked for a division of the ques-
tion. His resolution was intended to |&ive a gen-
eral expression of the feeling of one nation to an-
other. If we were to adopt individual opinions as
to particular acts, we should never agree on any
general form of resolution. It would be necessary
to construct a resolution embracing a delail ot all
the French had done To avoid that difficulty he
had condensed his views into a single sentence, so
as to make it most clearjind simple.
Togo into details in order to give a reason for
everything we do, is to place ourselves rather m
the attitude of adviseis than congiatuiatois. He
thought it best to imbody a general expicssion in
a few sentences, as the only way to obtain a gen-
eral and prompt expression of the feelings ot" the
Senate. He should prefer his own resolution, on
account of its plainness and simplicity.
Mr. NILES said his objection to the resolutions
was not because of any particular phraseology,
but because we state m them what is not the fact.
We go beyond what has actually been done. We
say a government has been overthrown and liberty
consolidated. He presumed consolidating liberty
meant providing a guarantee for the security of
liberty. This had not been done. The govern-
ment'estabhshed was merely temporary; it had
not yet been propeily elected. It may, indeed, be
presumed that public opinion sanctions it. The
results have not yet been obtained; §o that we go
beyond the pale of history. He preferred the
resolutions reported by the Committer on Foreign
Relations, although they did not exactly harmo-
nize with his views.
Mr. DICKINSON said it was not a question
with him what France was about to do, but what
she had done. He thought the recent movement
merited congratulation, and he expected that, not-
withstanding the opposition of the Senator from
Connecticut, the resolutions would be adopted.
sHe then glanced at the past life of Louis Philippe,
who at first was a guardian of popular rights, but
had recently curtailed the privileges of the people.
He adverted to the manner in which, by means
of a mean disguise, and through great difficulties,
he had. escaped the personal consequences with
which his perfidy had .menaced htm. Even if
Louis Philippe should be replaced on the throne
to-morrow, he would still vote for congratulations,
because the recent movement had solved one great
problem; that opinion is stronger than bayonets.
If there was no precedent for this act of legislation,
as the Senator from Connecticut had said, let us
establish one, as it is very probable that, befoie the
close of the session, we may be called on to vote
similar congratulations to other countries. Ireland
was ready to start; and over Europe the flame of
liberty is spreading. I~Ie*went most coidially for
the passage of the resolutions.
Mr. HALE said he did not desire to protract
the discussion. But it had been said that France
had not done enough to satisfy our cold, calculating,
mathematical policy. He protested against this
idea. Did not the heart of the mother yearn over
her new-born babe, before it is possible to know
whether it can grow to maturity, or whether it
may not perish in its infancy? Wliat had France
done? The Senator from New York undertook to
tell us what she had done, and he had expected lo
hear something worth congratulating foi. Had
France done nothing more than to expel Louis
Philippe from the throne, and drive him a wan-
derer through the country, he would never have
congratulated her for that. But she had done more
than that; she had not limited her views ot liberty
to any particular hue or complexion of men, but
had proclaimed liberty to all. And this was more
worthy of admiration than the overthrow of an
hundred kings- Nations have their crises as well
as individuals. There is a moral Rubicon to be
crossed as. well as a natural one. France was
in this difficult and perilous passage, and he would
mingle some words of advice with the language of
congratulation, lest she might yet falter in her
course. He referred to the idea thrown out at the
period of our Revolution that this Republic was to
be the last hope and asylum of human liberty; and
added that ho lmd latteily felt strong apprehension#
that the realization of that idea was not likely to
be <dven to (ho world. He saw, indeed, the sun
of freedom rising in radiant splendor up the eastern
hot izon, and he indulged the hope that the success
of human liberty would yet be secured; so that if
we should fail to redeem the pledge we had given
to the world, when our talc shall be told, another
nation will be found to carry out what we have
not done.
Mr. HANNEGAN then addressed the Senate
in support of the resolutions reported by him.
He expressed his fervent desire that the revolution
which had so well commenced would be earned
through without the shedding of a drop ot human
blood? He explained to his friend from Ohio that
he did not propose to intci fere with his resolutions,
as he would show by his vote. But he preierred
the resolutions reported by the commiueu. He
went for the suirit of the lesolutions. The reso-
lutions he had reported were merely an imbodi-
ment of the public sentiment, an echo of the opin-
ions of every man in the country, of every labotei
round the Capitol. He referred to the^action of
our Government in the revolution ot 1:&J, when
Louis XVI. communicated to General Washington
the fact that he had signed the constitution pressed
on him by the National Convention. General
Washington communicated that iniormation to
Congress, .and Congress replied by resolutions.
Here, then, was something like a precedent. He
disliked the word. But if we had no exact prece-
dent, it was because the event itself was without
precedent. , .
He had heard suggestions from the distinguished
Senators from South Carolina and Connecticut
that it was too early to adopt these resolutions.
So he had himself thought at first. But reflection
had led him to think differently, and as he could
see no ill consequences likely-to result from the
passage of the resolutions, he wduld vote for im-
mediate action. When liberty and humanity had
been laid in a common grave, monarchs had es^
changed congratulations; and now, when new-bora
France stretches out her hand and invites us by
her infant smiles, shall we hesitate to cheer and
sustain her? If there was anything in these reso-
lutions at war with the usages of nations, oragainst
the courtesy of international intercourse, he would
pause before he gave his sanction to the resolu-
tions. But he saw nothing of the kind in them.
It was not impossible that before the present ,sun
may set we may have information that every gov-
ernment of Europe has recogpized the act of the
French people. He complimented our minister
on his promptitude; said he had trembled lest Mr.
Rush should have proved derelict, in which case
he could not have safely returned heme; and quo-
ted language imputed by a correspondent to M.
Lamartine, that two things which had occurred
had given him peculiar delight—the advances of
the nuncio of the Pope and of the minister of the
United States.
He briefly adverted to the manner in which the
revolution had been accomplished; and expressed
his entire confidence in the discretion and sagacity
of the French people for the support of those bril-
liant intellocts to whom their destinies had for the
present been intrusted. The spirit of liberty was
now afoot, traversing the whole world, and lie an-
ticipated the general emancipation of the human
race from thraldom and tyranny. All.this was to
be traced to our example, and we had some reason
to be pioud of the laurels which our fathers had
gained jn the cause of freedom.
He was authorized to say that if any of these re-
solutions should pass before midnight, they would
be foi warded by express to go by the Cambria,
which sails on Saturday from the United States.
He would now say that he would not stop here;
but, if the acts of the Convention—to assemble on
the 20th instant—should realize the hopes we in-
dulge, he would send out such an embassy as had
never before gone from our shores to congratulate
and fraternize with the French people.
Mr. ALLEN then expressed his gratification at
the manner in which the Senator from Indiana had
referred to his (Mr. A.'s) course in offering his
resolutions. He went on to remark on the debate
which took place on the question of sending a
charge to Rome, and to some observations which
had fallen from him in the warmth of discussion,
m which he had expressed a hope that Congress
would, before the termination of the session, pass
a resolution congratulating the French people, in
conformity with that suggestion, he had felt him-
self called on to oiler the lesolutions. He did not
think there could be any objection to congratulat-
ing France, but theie might\ery probably, and
very properly, be dillWences as to the exact form
m which the resolutions should be clothed.
Mr. DOWNS said, he should be satisfied with
either of the resolutions which were before the
Senate; but he was compelled to say a few words
on the subject of the revolution itself, in conse-
quence of what had fallen from him on a previous
day. He went on to advocate the cause of the
French people up to this time, and to distinguish
the progress of tins revolution from that of the old
levolution, rcfening to the error committed by the
leaders m the latter m setting up the Goddess of
Reason, and throwing oil'all allegiance to a .super-
intending Providence. in the piesent revolution,
molality and liberty went hand m hand, and some
dignmuies of the church had eloquently sustained
the cause of freedom, iie stated that Fiance asked
no aid from us further than our cheering and sus-
taining voice; and we ought to cheer and support
her in her cau&e, foi our own sake as well as for
hers. It would strengthen our own system. And
if'Fiance should heieafter need advice, we shall
stand m a position to enable us to oiler it with
effect. He lead extracts from letters which had
come into his hands fiom Pans, in order to show
that the revolution was passing olf quietly and
without any disasters. ••
Mr. DAYTON said he would have been much
better satisfied if the Senator from Ohio had con-
sented to let these resolutions he over until the lust
or second Monday in May. He thought that it
the laborers round the Capitol were shaking hands
with each other, the Senate within was engaged
pretty much in the same way. This might do
