THE C0XGKES8I0NAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, APRIL 11, 1848.
New Series .No. !
Mr. MANGUM said he would have wished an
opportunity to reconsider the resolutions, in order
to give Senators, who were absent, an opportu-
nity to record their votes for them. He would
have voted for the resolutions of the Senator from
Ohio, had he been present, although he preferred
those reported from the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations. The Senator from Indiana had pledged
himself to support the resolutions of the Senator
from Ohio, and therefore was compelled to take
that course. He particularly regretted, consider-
ing the delicate position of the Senator fiom Indi-
ana, that he (Mr. M.) had not been here to take
charge of the resolutions of the Committee on For-
eign Relations. He had hoped the vote would
have been merely recorded as unanimous, without
the formality of taking the yeas and nays.
Mr. ALLEN explained that he did not call for
the yeas and nays, for that very reason. He would
have preferred to see it recorded as a unanimous
vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT communicated a mes-
sage from the President, transmitting information
called for by a resolution, respecting the claims of
Captain McClellan's corps; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Also, a copy of the proceedings in the trial of
Lieutenant Colonel Fremont'together with the let-
ters between Colonel Fremont and the Adjutant
General, on the resignation of the former; which
were laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
Also, some resolutions of the Legislature of
Michigan in relation to Sault de Ste. Marie; which
were ordered to be printed.
Also, a memorial from citizens, praying for the
purchase of Mount Vernon; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DIX presented a petition also in favor of the
purchase or Mount Vernon; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs^
On motion of Mr. MASON, Friday and Satur-
day of next week were ordered to be set apart for
the consideration of private bills on the calendar.
Mr. ATHERTON, from J.he Committee on
Finance, reported the Indian"appropriation bill,
with amendments, and gave notice that he should
call it up on Tuesday week.
Mr. UPHAM, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, made adverse reports on the peti-
tion of Nancy Haggard and others.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Henry D.
Grandin, and a bill to provide for the sale of lands-
purchased from the Saginaw Indians; which were
read a first time.
Mr. WESTCOTT, on leave, introduced a bill
for the relief of the bona fide settlers under the act
for the armed occupation of Florida; which was
read twice, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. DAYTON, on leave, introduced a bill in
relation to the terms of the circuit and district
courts of the United States in and for the judicial
district of New Jersey; which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported a bill to prevent the importation of adul-
terated drugs or medicines; which was read a first
time. *
Mr. HANNEGAN, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, reported a bill to provide for
the repair and improvement of the dam at the head
of Cumberland Island, in the Ohio river; which
•was read a first time.
Mr. BELL urged immediate action on the bill;
but objection was made.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported House bill to make Ship Island, in the
collection district of Pearl river, a port of delivery,
and to authorize the appointment of a deputy col-
lector of said port, with amendments, which were
concurred in, and the bill was passed.
Mr. CASS moved to take up the bill to provide
for the calling out of twenty additional regiments
of volunteers; but, at the suggestion of Senators
cound him, he -withdrew his motion.
38
SUPREME COURT BILL.
On motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN, the Senate
postponed the previous orders, and proceeded to the
consideration of the bill concerning the Supreme
Court of the United States.
The bill was then considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. BUTLER said ho was a member of the
Judiciary Committee, and felt it to be his duty to
say that the bill received the assent of only a ma-
jority of the. committee. The greatest objection
he had heard against it was that advanced by the
Senator from Missouri, who asserted that it was
intended to cut loose the Supreme Court of the
United States from the States. He would say he,
for one, in supporting the bill, entertained no such
intention. The accumulated cases before the Su-
preme Court rendered some measure of this kind
necessary, judgments being suspended for three
or four years, because of the impossibility of reach-
ing them. He went on to show that no harm could
arise from passing; the bill, while much would be
prevented by passing it.
Mr. WESTCOTT said he was one of the mi-
nority of the committee who voted against the bill,
and he had seen no reason since to change his
views. He opposed the bill partly for the reasons
so cogently urged by the Senator from Missouri,
[ and partly because he thought the delay in deciding
j on cases before the Supreme Court could, in all
I cases, be remedied by the parties or by the court.
The passage of the hill he regarded as dangerous
to the system. The present system worked very
well, and he did not wish to see it changed.
Mr. ASHLEY also regarded the bill as danger-
ous,and he could not, therefore, give ithissupport.
He stated that an opinion prevailed even among
the judges themselves, that it was unconstitutional
for Congress to compel the judges to perform cir-
cuit duties. He looked back into the early history
of our Judiciary, and expressed his belief that the
judges of the Supreme Court performed harder du-
ties than are performed now. He .expressed ITis
conviction that from the year 1789 to this time,
every movement for the relief of the judges of the
Supreme Court had emanated from the judges
themselves. If he was mistaken in this fact, it was
after the closest examination he had been able to
give to the subject. The law of 1793, which gave
relief to the court, continued m force until 1802.
They had been accustomed to meet on the first j
Monday in February; subsequently the time was '
changed to the first Monday in January, and lat-
terly to the first Monday in December. Other re-
liefs have been given, yet the docket had been
gradually on the increase; so that the lengthening
of the time has not had {he effect of diminishing
the business, which has fallen in arrear. During
the last term about forty-one cases were disposed
of, comparing very unfavorably with the number
of cases in the State courts, where there is as much
talent and legal ability as in the Supreme Court.
One third of the appeals came from Louisiana and
Arkansas, yet we do not hear from these States a
single application for this bill. It has emanated
from the Supreme Court itself.
He then referred to the unsuccessful attempts
made from time to time to relieve the judges of the
Supreme Court from circuit duties, and to give them
other privileges.
He proceeded to read a project which he had
prepared by way of amendment to this bill, which
he felt authorized to say was approved by some of
the judges themselves.
JVtr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, asked on what
authority he said this ?
Mr. ASHLEY said, judges of the Supreme
Court had told him so in conversation, and he pre-
sumed they made no secret of their opinions. The
principal feature in the project was, the substitution
ofUnited States district judges as circuit judges for
the judges of the Supreme Court. A bill had been
introduced in the House of Representatives making
some change in the present system, by which four
judges were empowered to hold an adjourned court
to dispose of the ordinary business of the Supreme
Court—their judgment,.when concurred in by the
whole four judges, to be final. He believed tile
present bill would not have passed the House of
Representatives, had it not been limited to one year,
during which it was understood that a systgn}
would be prepared. He did not think that, after
the census of 1850, the western people would send
their lawyers to Washington, and their cases there
fordecision. Hestated atsome length his objections
to the bill, and pointed out some evils which would
result from taking away the judges of the Supreme
Court from circuit duties. He believed, that if the
Supreme Court meet in May and sit until Decem-
ber, there will then be moVe cases on the docket
than there are now, because the mass of the peo-
ple have not that confidence in the district judges
which they have in reference to the Supreme Court.
Out of the thirty-one district judges, there is not
half of them in whom the people repose any con-
fidence. The judges of the Supreme Court em-
brace the best legal talents in the country; and, to
secure such, salaries are given which will tempt
such talents to the bench. He believed the friends
of the bill did not contemplate any change in the
system, but he did not acquit the first movers of
the measure of such motives. He did not think
that our Supreme Court had shown much energy
in their measures to facilitate the despatch of cases.
It had adopted a rule making it imperative that
only two lawyers should be heard on one side, but
it. gave those lawyers such a latitude of argument
that they might be as excursive as they chose,
talking itbout ethics or religion, or any other sub-
ject which might be agreeable. He intimated that
'this bill was brought forward at the instigation of
the judges, and tliat its introduction was purpose-
ly delayed until the eve of the adjournment of the
court, when it was pressed as necessary to be acted
on immediately or never.
Mr. DAYTON. I desire to make a very few
remarks on this bill. Of course I do not propose
to follow the chairman of the committee from
whom this bill came, through all his objections.
We considered them in committee,and did not re-
gard them as militating against the merits of the
bill, which lie within a much narrower compass
than that which has been assumed by the honora-
ble Senator from Arkansas. It is proper, in the
first place, to look to the evil which this measure
is designed to remedy. There are now upon the
list, as I am informed by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Chittenden,] one hundred and sixty-
four cases undisposed of; fifty two cases having
been disposed of at the last session of the court.
Assuming, then, that the same progress^ shall he
made at future sessions of the court, it will require
three or four years to dispose of the calendar, while,
if the present measure of relief be granted„you
can dispose substantially of the aggregate of the
calendar in a single year—rubbing out old scores,
and giving the court a new docket. Such is the
present state of the calendar of the Supreme Court,
and such is the object sought to be attained by the
bill now before the Senate.
Now, what are the objections urged against the
passage of the bill ? Why, first, it is objected that
the bill originates with the judges, atld that every
other bill relative to the Supreme Court, from 1789
to this hour, originated with them, or through their
instrumentality. Now, who are properly to be
suppssed to be most familiar with the business of
the court, and mostanxiousforits promptdespatch?
Sir, we are not to assume that the judges of the Su-
preme Court of the United States are any other
than high-minded, upright, and honorable men,
desirous of discharging with fidelity and efficiency
the high functions imposed upon them bylaw,
is surely no more than just to those"gentlemen, to
give them that degree of credit. The court is, then,
the very source from which such a measure should
emanate with propriety, because it is a source mat
acts with light and knowledge. And, pray, whence
does that very bill which the Senator from Arkan-
sas now proposes as the bill upon which Congress
ought to act, emanate? From a majority of the
judges of that court; and permit me to say, that
from consideration of the measure in committee, I
am satisfied, that ifadopted.it will produce the
