594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
very evil which the Seijator, and those who think
with himi deprecate so much-—the separation of
the court from the State judicatures, and its con-
tinual session here as a central, absolute power.
That is the measure of all others most likely to
Froduce the result which the Senator dreads. But
refrain from any remark on that bill till it comes
before us. At present, we have to deal with this
temporary law. *It provides for the evil. It ap-
plies a remedy suggested by the court itself. Is
there anything really in the objection, that the
design is to undermine the present system, and
obtain for the court the power of sitting here con-
tinually, cutting itself altogether loose from the
States? I appeal to the intelligence, to the knowl-
edge of members of the Senate, as to the character
of the judges presiding in that court, and ask
whether it is possible that such a design can be en-
tertained by them? Those most deeply interested
in that court come here and say, " our docket is
encumbered by upwards of one hundred and sixty
cases. A case coming up now cannot be reached
within several years. We ask of you only to
allowa prolongation of the term, from three months
to one year. We ask no additional remurieration
—no additional privileges. We ask only the priv-
ilege of laboring continuously for one year, for
the purpose of disposing of all the cases on the
docket. ' Such is the appeal and request of the
court; and now gentlemen object, that this mere-
ly covers a design to undermine the present sys-
tem, and establish a court that is to live here
for all time to come, independent of the States.
Permit me to ask the Senate with all respect, to
look at the ease as it really exists. There are one
hundred and sixty cases on the docket, and the
court, with no disposition in the world to get rid
of labor, ask only, that instead of being compelled
to adjourn at the end of three months, they may
be allowed to labor till the end of the year'. One
might reasonably imagine, that this was a case in
which any impeachment of the motives of the court
was utterly impossible.
I know,perfectly welI,thattherearesomeincon-
veniences which may result from the passage off!
this temporary law, growing out of the condition
in which appeals from the district courts may re- >
main during the current year. These appeals may,
to a certain extent, remain undisposed of, but is a it
comparatively small evil, as compared with the '
great good which is to be accomplished by the relief' :
of the docket. Gentlemen tell us that delay is not
unusual; that in the bourts of New York, for in-
stance, cases stand for some length of time. I grant j i
it; and that very evil has put "the courts of New |i
York under foot. It has destroyed them; it has
uprooted and overturned the whole judicial system
of that State. The evil has gone on increasing,
from year to year, till the people demolished the
courts altogether. Permit me to say that the evil,
if unchecked, will have the same result here. No
business community will, for any great length of
time, submit to the suspension of business opera-
tions for three or four years^ together, simply be-
cause the court has not sufficient power to dispose
of the cases on its docket. Something must be
done; and the measure now before us, if adopted,
will enable you to apply the remedy in the most
unexceptionable manner. No permanent change
is sought or intended. I submit, then, whether the
objection of the gentleman is not altogether inap-
plicable? Whether this be a good bill to afford a
permanent remedy is not the question. The Sen-
ator informs us that the bill by which it is proposed
to apply a permanent remedy has the favorable
consideration of a majority of the judges. I believe
that the present bill has the approbation of them
all. All are willing to come here,and labor <ftn-
tinuously for a year, in order to relieve the docket.
This is the whole case, and I submit that the bill
ought to pass.
Mr. ALLEN. I have a very few words to say
on this subject. The United States Supreme Court
has a jurisdiction, both as regards territory and
subject-matter, greater than any other judicial tri- C
bunal in the world. Everything, therefore, which i|
relates to the organization of that court, becomes a 11
matter of the gravest importance, and is entitled to |i
the most serious consideration. The judges of the !!
court are elected by the Executive. They are ap- ||
pointed for life. In that respect, the organization <'
of this court is not in harmony with' the balance of
the political system of this country. It has about
rt no one single feature by which it is connected
either with the States of this Union, or with the
people of these States, except it be the circuit
feature, which gives the members of the court a
direct intercourse and communication with the
States and the people of this Confederacy. It is
in that circuit feature that the strength of this tri-
bunal consists; and the day that that feature ceases
to exist in its organization, will the public opinion
of this country move upon the subject, and never
cease its action, till the tribunal itself is entirely re-
organized. If, therefore, I was ever so much dis-
posed to attack this tribunal, and to break it down,
the thing that I would first do, would be to en-
courage the concentration of the tribunal perma-
nently at the Capitol of the United States, and its
total withdrawal from any communication with
the States and people of the Union. I say this to
those who may lay a greater estimate upon this
tribunal than I do, that if they do not want it to be
passed through the burning crucible of the public
will, and recast in all its elements de novo, they had
better let this circuit feature remain untouched.
It is proposed here to relieve the judges of this
court from circuit duties for one year. For it is a
bill of relief from the labor and expense of travel.
It is a bill of relief and repose. But it is limited
to one year. Now, I have observed, and all who
have seen as much of legislation as I have must
also have observed, that when you commence
legislating by instalment, you never end. You
commence in this case by giving this court one
year's relief; and the next year, the same reason
existing for a repetition of the act, the precedent
of the previous year is pleaded as an additional
argument for an extension of the relief one year
longer. It is the grant of an exemption from the
labor and expense of travel, to the judges of the
court; and the same force which is now brought to
bear in favor of this bill, through the instrumental-
ity of the present contact of Congress with the
judges of the court, will be brought to bear with
added strength next session; all the reasons that
are now urged being poured forth, with the addi-
tional one that Congress once did the act. Now,
though I have no idea that the gentlemen who
advocate this bill intend any such thing as I do
not suppose that there are any members of this
body who would vote for the permanent concen-
tration of this court here—yet I am convinced that
that result will inevitably follow from the adoption
of this measure. You commence this business of
relief from circuit duty—I care not what the ex-
cuse may be, it is the commencement of a system
of relief from circuit duty, freeing them from the
labor and expense of travel—and when you com-
mence it, the same reason applying next year for
the continuance of it, the same motives which in-
duce us to pass this bill now being equally influ-
ential then, the bill will be renewed, and so on ad
infinitum.. I view this measure, then, as simply a
hill to change the judicial system of the United
States; though not so designed, yet in its conse-
quences tending to that point inevitably. Viewing
the matter in that light, it next becomes a subject
of inquiry, what will be the effect upon our politi-
cal organization ? What will be the effect of the
existence of a fixed, central tribunal, seated in this
Capitol, composed of men who hold their places
for life, cut off from all communication with the
States and the people of the States—a Washington
city star chamber, under the influences which° act
upon the capital where the political powers of the
nation are all concentrated temporarily ? Wh(rn
that kind of a spectacle is presented to the people
of the United States, how long will it stand? If it
stood twenty-five years, it would become the pre-
vailing power of the Government. Power is a
thing which generates itself, which enlarges itself,
which contains within itself the means of its own
expansion, sustenance, and support. It wants
nothing but time to gratify the cravings of its
ambition. Whether it be judicial or not, dura-
tion is all that it wants to make itself permanent
over any other power that is fleeting and transi-
tory. This local power, if it were permitted to
stand twenty-live years, would render the whole
Constitution a perfect nullity. In less than ten
years it would take the place, of your Attorney
General in all the decisions of the Executive upon
law questions, and thereby connect itself with the
administrative portion of the Government. The
idea would be perfectly natural that the Executive
would connect itself with the Judiciary, would con-
sult its members, would employ its influence; and
thus the two would mutually strengthen each other,
and engross the powers and energies of the Gov-
ernment more and more in one spot in Washing-
ton city.
Besides, the permanence and existence of the
court here would give it large influence over our
deliberations in these Halls. The very fact that
nine men armed with great power, having great .
reputation and beyond the reach of popular con-
trol, being permanently located here for their life-
time, would render them objects of adulation and
importunity and court for men at a distance who
wished to achieve illicit objects in this capital. It
would become a cabal. These results would flow
inevitably, if it were not for the fact that such a
power would call down upon it the curses of the
nation too soon to allow it to take hold and mature
itself.
I have always been of opinion that the mem-
bers of this tribunal ought to be elected for a term
of years, and that by the people; and it will not
be many years before that opinion will be found
on more hps than mine. All this idea of life ten-
ure of office is akin to that of hereditary power,
an idea which is fast losing its hold upon even the
European mind. The nature of this judicial or-
ganization is altogether inharmonious with the
j balance of our political system. It destroys the
i symmetry of our system, and is founded upon an
j idea which is utterly ridiculous when applied to
I American society and American institutions. It is
; founded,upon the idea of rendering the Judiciary
j independent of the people; and hence we hear it
1 said on all hands—we read it in our horn-books
| before we come to the bar—we hear it from the
j bench and the bar, that "the Judiciary ought not to
| be elective. The idea of the independence of the
| Judiciary in England was an idea of liberty. It
j originated in the fact, that by the fiction of the
j English constitution, the King was supposed to
! administer the laws in his own proper person, ftnd
1 to be present on every bench declaring what the
law was. When, therefore, the King was absent,
he undertook to supply the place of his presence,
by sending a court to give their judgment and
!,! mandates, which were implicitly obeyed by the
j! juries. It became essential to the liberties of Eng-
! land in this state of things that the court should
S be made independent of the Crown, and therefore
the judges were appointed for life. But ours is an
i inversion of the English system; and the only
mode of reasoning truly with regard to our system
is, to reason reversely of what would be true with
regard to the English system. That which is true
of the English system, is, for that very reason,
1 false here. There should be no independence of
> any Judiciary here. To make the case analogous,
| the word independence should apply as between
l the appointing power and the court, and not as
between the people and the court. And to make
I the case still more analogous, there would have to
| be a supposition that the appointing power had the
\ right to adjudicate, and, in virtue of the right, the
power to control those whom it had appointed to
adjudicate. Both of these positions being false,
and not entering in anywise into our system, there
should be no tribunal in this country independent
; of the wholesome influence of public will. Our
■ Government rests upon that influence. It is that
: public will which gives sanction and legality to the
acts of our Government. It is not ihe thing which
! we call a Constitution that forms the Government
of the United States. "Ink and paper cannot
form a Christian," said a celebrated divine more
; than two hundred years ago, in a sermon preached
' before the House of Commons. Ink and paper
cannot form a government, nor can they make a
freeman. Government consists in the will of the -
people—a will dictated by their interests, and the
union of their interests constituting the interests
of the nation. The public sympathies, the man-
ners, the morals, the sentiments, the reason of the
people, constitute our Government. The Consti-
! tution is to the Government what a fence is to a
, farm, and no more. It defines its limits, and keeps
out stray cattle. But the source, and authority,
and power of the Government is within—in the
: hearts and sympathies of the people, to be found
I at the firesides, and in the family circle, in the
neighborhood ideas and associations. There is
I the Government, and m that sense there should be
j nothing not amenable to the people.
! This feature, then, in the organization of the
Supreme Court is not in harmony with our sys-
