mm.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
505
tefti; and I would admonis^ those gentlemen, who
do not think as I do on these points, but wish,to
maintain this Judiciary in its present features, that
if they do not wish to sound the tocsin, they had
better not separate the judges for an hour from
circuit duties, and direct intercourse with the peo-
ple of the States. That is the only feature in the
system which connects them with the nation v and
if that be struck out, the striking out of the court
will follow as naturally as the snuffing of a candle
issues in darkness.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I intend to occupy the
attention of the Senate only for a few moments.
I regret that gentlemen have chosen this occasion,
so important in itself, for the purpose of debating
questions and principles which, according to my
judgment, are not included in the subject under our
consideration. To what purpose is it to debate the
Question as to the political character of the Supreme
Court of the United States—to debate the question
whether it was best to appoint the judges in the
manner prescribed for in our Constitution, or to
change that Constitution and make them elective?
Where is the r necessity of inquiring into the na-
ture and extent of the jurisdiction of the court?
"Where the propriety, on this occasion, o.f inquir-
ing into the individual or collective competency of
the judges? In.no one of any of these particu-
lars, in no regard to any principle or question in-
volved in it as a system, does this bill touch 4he
subject. It takes the court as it stands—as it is
legally and constitutionally established—without
change or alteration of its jurisdiction, and simply
proposes—what? That, because of an inconve-
nient accumulation of business in the Supieme
Court of the United States, rendering it impossible
for the court to dispose of the business before it
in less than two or three years, a remedy should
be applied, by'which this evil may be obviated.
And what is the remedy? This bill simply pro-
poses to authorize the judges of the Supreme Court
to hold a second term in the course of the year
besides that to which they are now limited, for the
purpose of despatching this accumulated business.
.Now, what principle is involved in this beyond
the simple question of providing a remedy which
alfadmit? Sir, If I understand all the arguments
that have any application to this subject, gentle-
men would have no objection to this measure if
they did not apprehend that it was intended as a
weage or the commencement, as they express it,
of another system, having; for its object the sus-
pension of the judges of the Supreme Court from
all duty in the circuit courts, confining them
to the duties belonging to the Supreme Court.
Gentlemen imagine this, and therefore refuse
to apply the proposed remedy for an acknowl-
edged evil. They do not suppose that the evil
is so great but that it may be borne. So it
may. And gentlemen speak of the danger of the
remedy. Let us examine it. The bill provides for
a" single year. According to existing laws, the
next term of the Supreme Court will commence on
the first Monday in December next. We are now
sn the first week in April. Four months of the
year have then expired. The three corresponding
months of the next year will be occupied by the
court in the transaction of its business, so that the
whole peril of the proposed measure lies within
the compass of eight months. But, forsnoth, if we
indulge the Supreme Court—for gentlemen seem to
regard it as an indulgence—by granting them per-
mission to come here and despatch the business of
the court in that period, great danger is to arise—a
new system is to grow up—a new principle is to
be evolved which is to velieve the judges of the
Supreme Court from all other duties except those
belonging to the Supreme Court, and other serious
political consequences will result! I do not appre-
hend any such .thing. The bill itself seems to
guard against any such consequences by its limita-
tion to one year. It is proposed solely as a par-
ticular remedy for a particular case. But are not
those consequences in our own hands? Are gen-
tlemen afraid that they themselves will do this
wrong? There is not a Senator here, so far as I
can judge from the opinions that I have heard ex-
pressed, who is willing to change the present sys-
tem so far as to separate the judges from the circuit
court and limit them to the Supreme Court. I am
glad to believe that there is not a single Senator
who entertains that opinion. When the Senate;
then, have the issue and consequences in their own
hands, I ask, what solid ground there is for any
apprehension ? Is there any danger that the Sen-
ator from Arkansas will be even in these revolu-
tionary times so perfectly revolutionized in his
opinions as to come back prepared to reverse all
his opinions which he has expressed here to-day?
Here is an evil which we can correct. This bill
proposes to correct it. The only objection is, that
the remedy proposed is one out of which danger-
ous consequences may hereafter grow; and we
have no security for ourselves that that will not be
the case. Why, sir, we are afraid of ourselves!
If I believed that ever so remotely or possibly this
measure could be perverted to such an object as
gentlemen seem to apprehend, I would be one of
the last to vote for it. But I do not desire to go
into this subject. I desire rather to have this bill
voted upon than anything else. If the Senate be
against it, let it go.
Another remark or two I must be excused in
making. It is supposed that this is a bill for the relief
of the judges of the Supreme Court. Relieve them
from what? It relieves them by requiring,them to
hold a term of the Supreme Court and discharge
all the arduous duties of their office. What relief
is there in that? Are these labors less arduous and
fatiguing than travelling in the season of the year
which has now come, and in any portion or cli-
mate of this countryjfrom this period till December
next? Are these labors less expensive to them in-
dividually than travelling in their circuits would
be ? I apprehend not. But relief, it is obvious, is
no part of the purpose of this bill. It is only to
make it their particular and exclusive duty, within
a limited peiiod, to discharge the highest of their
duties, the decision of the cases which have accu-
mulated in the Supreme Court of the United States.
But the honorable Senator is apprehensive that
some cases may not be tiied according to law—
that, some admiralty cases may he delayed to the
most tremendous and incalculable detriment to all
the paities. And there is another case of which
we hear—appeals to the circuit courts. Now, lit-
igation may be infinitely more active in the prfVtof
the country where the honorable Senator practises
his profession so much more profitably than I do;
but in the section of the Union from which I come,
in twenty years there has not been twenty cases of
appeal from the district to the circuit courts. And
as to the Spanish pirates, the gentleman will agree
with me, that our entire coast is free from such a
pestilence! But if such a case should occur in
these eight months, and a ship-load of pirates
should be brought into any port from New Orleans
to Boston, this bill permits one of those judges to
go there, and hang those pirates secundum arlem,
and as nicely as the Senator can desire!
Mr. ASHLEY. I extended my remarks to all
cases of felony and murder.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Well, then, the keeping
of a felon out of the penitentiary for a few months
is the only possible contingency that may occur.
I dare say that in our widely-extended empire such
cases might happen. But do "they deserve serious
consideration in such a case as that now before us ?
Some petty robber of your mails—some post boy,
or something of that kind, and for the important
reason of trying him, all things else must be for-
gotten, and this remedy for existing known evil is
not to be applied ! It seems to me, Mr. President,
that the honorable Senator has got his mind a little
fevered on this subject, and that he does not view
it with that calmness and discretion which usually
characterize his labors as chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. I apprehend that he has
allowed his mind to run off, in fact, from the con-
sideration of the particular subject before it, to
other principles and questions not at all involved
in it, or to minor difficulties that ought not to be
allowed any weight. His mind is evidently pre-
judiced. He apprehends that the judges, consulting
their own experience, had suggested this bill as a
proper remedy for the existing evil, and that that
i« a sort of Nazareth, out of which no good can
come. But as my friend from New Jersey has
said, who so well qualified to suggest a remedy as
the judges of the court; and are riot their sugges-
tions subject to our consideration and judgment ?
I do not know that the judges have suggested this
thing. I know nothing about the fact; but admit-
ting it to be as the gentleman supposes, I derive
no prejudice against the measure on that account.
Not at all. The judges are very competent persons
to suggest a remedy, and the measure is commend-
ed to us from that very circumstance.
I do not wish to debate this 'question; I would
rather avoid debate. I desire th£, decision of the
Senate* I have no doubt the minds of Senators
are sufficiently made up, and to their judgmental
shall bow with all the deference to which it is en-
titled. I hope, sir, the question may be taken. ' •
Mr. BENTON. I always regret, sir, when de-
bate takes a personal turn; and when the intentions v
or wishes or motives of Senators become the sub-
ject of remark, the discussion may be regarded as
having become personal. In the little I have said
and the little I may say, I leave out of view en-'
tircly the intentions, of every Senator. I impute
to no one a design to separate the Supreme Court
of the United States from the States, but I reason
from the nature and effect of things. The effect
of this measure will be that separation, and it is
perfectly immaterial what are the intentions of
Senators, or what obligations they may impose
upon themselves never to do this agahi. If a Sen-
ator says that he will vote this once and never vole
it again, certainly he will do what he says; but it
is altogether a personal matter; it depends upon
his life—upon his coming here—upon this Senate
continuing in time to come, to be exactly what it
is to-day. The moment we go into the intention
of Senators in regard to our legislation, we fall into
the absurdity that the Senate is not only perma-
nent as a body, but permanent in its constituent
members—that they are always to sit here, and
that having done the thing once they will not do
it again. But we are to have successors, and God
knows there* have been examples enough to show
that successors are not at all bound by any resolves
of those who preceded them. As reasonable men
we would be bound on a recurrence of the evil
that now exists to apply the same remedy. That
is the point of view in which I regard this question;
and while I am ready to admit that every Senator
will redeem his pledge and vote against it, I must
say that it is only by virtue of his pledge he will
be bound, because if this divorce of the Supreme
Court from their duties in the States is an appro-
priate remedy for a surcharged docket now, it must
be the remedy in all time to come. Just so often
as there is a surcharged docket, this will be the
remedy if we agree to it now. Here lies the diffi-
culty. The danger is in admitting this to be the
appropriate remedy, thereby making it the remedy
in any case which is to occur hereafter, un^jj it
become habitual, just as'habitual as to pass the
bill every year. Thus the application of this rem-
edy will becoinc a matter of course, till.atlast there
will be a general law to divoice the Supreme Court
from the States forever.
For inysdf, I look upon this one-year plan as
the application for the wood which is to make the
handle to the axe. Grant but a little bit of wood,
and the whole forest will be cut down. Begin
with these yearly inst\hnents«of relief, and where
will you end? fortified, strengthened, stimulated
by this encouragement, that best of all argument,
precedent, will be urged, and the separation of the
Supreme Court from the States will be inevitable.
That there is a great evil I do not dispute, all ad-
mit it. The docket is locked up, and the court
cannot meet and despatch cases as* they arise. The
question is, what is the appropriate remedy? In
the first place, I say that the remedy we propose
to apply is a greater evil than the evil itself; and,
secondly, that it is no remedy. The docket will be
as it is at present, for we know that if we pass this
bill, the appeals must be more numerous than here-
tofore. 1 desire time for deliberation in order that
the attention of the Judiciary Committee may be
directed to the subject. I recollect very well that
some years ago a judge of the Supreme Court told
me that he could get on very well if it were not for
the business of this district; that there is very little
limitation with respect to the cases arising here ;
that the counsel and the parties all Jive here, and
that the court is blocked up with the business of
the District of Columbia, which there is no reason
in the world to bring before it. It seems to me
that there might be some additional limitations im-
posed which would diminish the number of ap-
peals; but I have not examined this subject for the
purpose of ascertainingthe appropriate remedy. I
can only express the belief tnat the evil he
remedied without falling intoa far greatei evil than
the one of which we v/ish to get rid. I am in favor
of a remedy ample and complete, or none at all.
I am against, the application of a little half-way
remedy—a temporary instalment remedy—for I
