THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 103
Court before the act of J844 was passed, in volving
some hundred thousand acres of land, and it still
remains undecided { how many years more it will
take, I do not know. The delay has become
positively intolerable. Bat if the court could be
allowed to sit through the year, the docket might
be cleared off, and we should then have time to
adopt such measures as may be necessary to pre-
sent a recurrence of the evil.
Mr. CALHOUN. I rise simply to state, in a
very few words, the reasons that will govern me,
in giving- my vote on this-occasion. It must be
admitted oh all' sides, that this is intended to be
only a temporary measure, and that the present
system ought to be continued. I believe this is
the general impression; such is mine, very strong-
ly._ This bill is presented on the ground, that the
cas'es upon the docket have so accumulated, that
it requires an extraordinary law—to relieve the
judges from their circuit duties for one year—m
order to clear them off. Well, what possible assu-
rance have we, that at the end of the year the same
reason will not exist for enacting such a law for the
next year? It appears to me that we are inverting
the order of things. The first object should be to
adopt some measure that would prevent the accu-
mulation of cases in future, and ilien some measure
for disposing of those which now exist. But pro-
ceeding as we are, it appears to me, it will be tanta-
mount—without intending it to be so—to a perma-
nent change in the circuit system. Now, I believe
, there are very few Senators prepared for this; I
believe the judges themselves are not. "We have
amp\e time during the remaining part of the ses-
sion—it will probably last three months, yet I
should be very glad to think it would terminate in
three—surely this will furnish ample opportunity
to the Judiciary Committee, or if that committee
be overloaded with business, to a select committee
to take the subject into consideration, and propose
some measure that will prove an effectual remedy
for the evil that is complained of.
Mr. DAYTON. The Judiciary Committees in
both Houses have had the subject under considera-
tion. A bill has been reported, and is now before
the House of Representatives; but any bill that is
passed should be a bill calculated to sweep away
the accumulation of the cases with which the docket
of the Supreme Court ia now lengthened. They
must be disposed of irrespective of any bill for the
regulation of the_Judiciary hereafter.
Mr. CALHOUN.' I was not aware that there i
was a bill before the House relating to this subject-
. 1 'JlfJ being tlle case> is a reason why this bill' :
should lie upon the table until that bill passes Let '
us apply first the general remedy, and then adopt
any additional measure that may be necessary
Being Strongly desirous tl.at the system should
not be changed, and fearing that this bill if adopt-
ed will change it, 1 feel myself compelled to vote
against it.
The question was then taken on the engrossment
of the bill, and decided as follows;
YEAS—Me-.srs Bell, Breese, Butler, Crittenden, Davton,
Bowns. Gieene, Hinines;,in, Johnson ot M.irj I,mil, Maiieum
ham™ir ' Pearoe' Wle,P3> ralsk> Underwood, and Up!
Mr- the Committee on Commerce,
reported a bill to authorize the issuing a register to
the Amencan brig Palmetto, which, by unanimous
consent, was considered, went through its several
readings, and was passed.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
Executive business, and, after a short time the
doors were reopened. '
mfefonMondayWlleJ1 th6 Semt° adjoUra?> "djourn to
The Senate then adjourned.
W. Hockett. It was debated by Messrs. DANIEL
and SMITH of Illinois, and was laid aside to be
reported.
The bill for the relief of James Glynn and others,
next came up. Mr. BOWLIN opposed and Mr.
Objection being made, Mr. B. made the motion,
and demanded the yeas and nays thereon; which
were ordered, and being taken, resulted: Yeas 93,
nays 79, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. B.nly, Beale, Bedinger, Bingham, Bird-
SCHENCK'(who reported it from the Committee li sail, ftocock, fiowdon, Bowlin, Boyd,' Bridges, Brodhead
on Naval Affairs) advocated the bill. It was laid " " Rmwn Alw C """ °"""
aside to be reported.
The joint resolution for the relief of J. Melville
Gillis and others was then taken up. Mr. BOW-
LIN moved that the resolution be reported, with a
recommendation that it do not pass. Mr. STAN-
TON and Mr. SCHENCK briefly advocated, and
Mr. BOWLIN briefly opposed, the resolution.-
The motion of Mr. Bowlin was rejected, and the
bill was laid aside to be reported.
The bill for the relief of Charles Reeder, Walter
R. Johnson, and the legal representatives of Thos.
P. Jones, deceased, next came up; and, after de-
bate by Messrs. F1CKLIN and STANTON—
Mr. BOWLIN moved an amendment, to add a
proviso that no compensation should be made for
service subsequent to the 10th January, 1844, and
} advocated his amendment. Mr. STANTON op-
posed it.
The question being_ taken, the amendment of
Mr. Bowlix was agreed to.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved an amendment,
to strike out the provision that the compensation
should be made at the rate agreed, upon by the
Hon. A. P. Upshur, the Secretary of the Navy,
and insert a provision that l( reasonable compen-
sation should be allowed not exceeding §100 per
month."
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, opposed the
amendment.
The question being taken, Mr. Cobb's amend-
ment was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside to.be reported.
On motion, the committee rose and reported their
action on the aboveseveral bills to the House, when
it was concurred in, and the bills were respectively
read a third time and passed, with the exception
of the joint resolution for the relief of J. Melville
Giliis, which was not aUed on, Mr. SAWYER
opposing it, and desiring it to be laid over.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, asked the ;
general consent to take up and refer a Senate bill
lying on the Speaker's table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, and others objected, i
unless all the bills on the Speaker's table could be
taken up m their order. |
On motion, the House adjourned. 1
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, rfpril 8, 1848.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, asked the
House to take up the joint resolution of the Senate
tendering the congratulations of the United States
to the French people. Objected to.
of Mr> ROCKWELL, of Connecti-
thl'wk i ,«e resolved itself into Committee of
v ' (Mr. G occur, of Virginia, in the chair,)
Vu« up private calendar.
A tie nrst bill taken up was for the relief of John
PETITIONS, ETC. j
The following petitions and memorials were presented, ;
under the rule, and referred: - j
By Mr. MAUL.AY : The petition, of many citizens of the ,
city of New York, tor the abolition of the sale ot the public j
lands, and fot granting farms to actual and destitute oecu- J
pants only. Also, a petition of many citizens of the United :
WUtes, for the purchase of Mount Vernon by the Govern- !
meat. |
By Mr. CRANSTON: The petition of Charles ITolden and I
9<3merciia;it$.andothers intuesteil, praying Congress tocon- {
struct* breakwater at Nantucket, Mi^Mcuusetbi. ;
By Mr. PEASLEL : The petition of sundry citizens of '
I Dover, A'ew Humpshue, praying Congress to extend to the '
| widows of officer*, and soldier.-* 01 me late wai with Great 1
1 Britain the provisions ot ail Jaws 1.1 force granting peiwons \
1 to the widows of officers and soldiers of the revolutionary :
1 war. 11
! By Mr. TUCK. The petition of D. M. KeJsey and 322
other citizcin&ot Randolph, Washington, Marion, Per/}sand
] William G. Brown, Albert G. Brown, Burt, Cathcart, Chase,
Franklin Clark, Beverly L. Clark, Howell Cobb, Williamson
R.W.Cobb, Collins, Cummins, Dickinson, Dunn, Efteall,
Faran,Featlierston, Ficklin, Fiench, Fries, Fulton, Willard
P. Hall, Haralson, -Henley, Hill, George S. Houston, In?e,
Iverson, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, James H.
Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George W. Jones, Kaufman,
Kennon,La S6re, Sidney Lawrence, Leffler, Lincoln, Lord,
Lumpkin, Maclay, McClelland, McClernand, McDowell,
MV-Kay, Mann, Meade, Miller, Morris, Morse, Murphy,
Nicoll, Puaslee, Peck, Petrie,Pettit, Peyton, Phelps Pollock,
Richardson, Richey, Robinson, Rockhill, Sawyer, Simpson,
Sims, Robert Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Charles E.
Stuart, Strong, Thomas, James Thompson, William Thomp-
son, Thurston, Turner, Venable, Wentworth, Wick, Wiley,
and Williams—93.
NAYS—Mess-rs. Abbott, Adams, Ashinun, Blanchard,
liotts, Boydon, Btady, Buckner, Cabell. Canhy, Chapman,
Cocke, Collamer, Cranston, Crisficld," Crow li, Crozier,
Dickey, Dixon, Duer, Daniel Duncan, F.ckert, Edwards,
Embree, Nathan Evans, Farrelly, Fieedley, Gentry, Gid-
dings, Goagin, Gregory, Hale, Nathan K. Hall, Mammons,
Haskell, Henry, Billiard, Hubbaid, Hudson, Hunt, Joseph
R. Inger&oll, Irvm, Jameson, John W.Jones, Kellogg, T.
Butler King, Levin, Mellvaine, Marsh, Marvin, Morehpad,
Kelson, Nes, Palfrey 1, Pendleton, Preston, Putnam, Julius
Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root, Rumsey, St. John,
Shepperd, Sherrill, Silvester, Caleb B. Smith, Truman
Smith, Stephens, Andrew Stewart, Strohm, Ta!!m?dge,
Taylor, Thibodeaux, Richard W. Thompson,Toombs,Tuck,
Van Dyke, Vinton, and Warren—79.
Two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
FRENCH REVOLUTION.
Mr. STEWART, of- Pennsylvania, said he
hoped the House would this morning, by common
consent, take up and dispose of the joint resolution
from the Senate tendering the congratulations of
the American to the French people. It would take
but little time, he said, to dispose of it. If objection
was made, he should move to suspend the rules.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, appealed to Mr. Stew-
art to include in his motion the joint resolution to
authorize the Secretory of the Navy to contract for
-American, water-rotted hemp.
Mr. STEWART declined.
Mr. THOMPSON", of Pennsylvania, inquired
whether his colleague intended to call the previous
question on the resolution?
Mr. STEWART replied in the affirmative.
Mr. THOMPSON, (continuing his'sentence.)
If he did not, he (Mr. T.) should'object.
Mr. ASHMUN. Do I understand the gentle-
man to give notice that he will call the previous
question on the resolution? If he does, I object.
The SPEAKER stated that the joint resolution,
like all others, must have three readings.
Mr. ASHMUN said he had no objection to
taking up the resolution, if opportunity was allow-
ed for debate. He, however, finally waived his
objection, remarking that he would take his chance
for the floor when it came up.
Objection being made from other quarters-
Mr. STEWART mo\ed a suspension of the
rules.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered,
and, being taken, resulted; Yeas 1G5, nays 10, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ashmun, Atkinson, Barringer,
Bavly, Beale, Bedinger, Bingham, Birdsall, Bocock, Dow-
don, Bowlin, Boyd, Bridges, Brodhead, William G. Brown,
Jackson counties, Illinois, proving that Congiess will repeal j Charles Brown, Albeit G. Brown, Burt, Cabell, Canby,
ail laws authorizing slavery m the Disuictot Columbia, and ji Cathcart, Chapman, Chase, Franklin Clark, Beverly L.
will enact laws piohibiung the intcr-Stute slave trade, and i Clark, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cocke, Col-
vvili reenaet the principles of tne ordinance of 1787 in re- ! hns, Congei, Crowell, "
gaid to slavery in the Territoiies.
By Mr. BINGHAM. The petition of H. R. Schoolcraft,
W7. H. 13roekwa>, and others, for a military road from the
capital in the State of Michigan to Sault Ste. Mane, in said
State.
Ciozier, Cummins, Diekev, Dickin-
son,' Dixon, "Duer, Daniel Duncan, Garnett Duman. Dunn,
Efkfrt, Edsnll, Edwards, Gmbrce, Nathan Evans. Faran,
Feathers,ton, Ficklin, Fieedley, French, Fries, Fulton, Gtd-
dinq->, Goggm, Giesory, Hale, Willard P. Hail, Xathan K.
Hall, Jrammons, Jam^G. Hampton, Haialson, H<tnnan>-on,
Haskell, Henley, Henry. Hill, Hilhard, George S Hon-ron,
Hubbard, Hunt, lime, Jo-. R. Ing<*rsOll, Iiwn, Iverson, Jack-
son, Jameson, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, James 11. Johnson,
George W. Jom*s. John W. Jones, Kaufman, Kfllogs, Ken-
non, Thomas B. Km<r, La SSre, Sidney Lawrence, Leffler,
Levin, Litron, Lincoln, Lord, Lumpkin, Maclay, McClel-
land. McCIernand, McDowell, McJlvame,McKay,McLane,
Mann, Maivin, Meade, Miller, Morehcad, Monis, Morse,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 10, 1848.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
Mr. GOGGIN introduced certain amendments rtjHnii >JaivI
blU l? !?sula^ the, foreign mail service; ;| MnrpV.N!-"o«.Ncs,NewaU, Ni.-ol^PaifrojsP.-nfcicc/Pcck;
wnicri were laid on the table, and ordered to be ;; Petri*', Pettit. Peyton. Phelps Pollock, Preston. Richardson,
printed. ji Rtcl.ev,Robinson, Tvoekhill,Juhn<RoekweH, John A.Rock-
TEN-REOTMPNT HUT !' wclli El"n-ey> ^t. Jolin.SnwyiT. Slic|ip«fd, Sbemll, SUves-
^-^GiiuLJNT BILL. j, ter.teimpson,Suns, Caleb 13. Smith, Robert Smith, Truman
Mr. BOYD rose and said he hoped that bv ffen- 'I Stanton, Starkweather, Stephens, Andrew Stewart,
era! consent, the House would now take' un and ;! Shaurl^ E* s,uart> Slr°hm, Strong, Tal*mad e, Taylor,
Hi«?nn<sp r,c K.iil .4 • • . ? • * P , n Thihodeauv, 'fhomas James Thompson, Jacob Thompson,
aispose ot tne bills ana joint resolutions from the : Richard W.Thompson,JohnB.Thompson,WiJhamTliomp-
oenate on the bpeakers table. If any objection 1 son> 'Pi>urston. Tuck, Turner, Van l)yke, Venable, Warren,
Wgpenc[ fUe ru]es jt Wentworth, Wick, Wiley, Williams, and Woodward—IR5.
was made, he should move to suspend the rules i
for that purpose. 1
N AYS—Messrs. Botts, Boydon, Brady, Buokner, Cran-
' fiton, Henry, Marsh, Root, Toombs, and Vinton—10.
