1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL dLG^E.
509
The "rules being suspended—
The resolutions were taken up, and read a first
time by their title.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved the
previous question.
Mr, ASHIVHJN said the resolutions had nof
been read. He called for their reading before any
action was taken upon them.
The SPEAKER said, the resolutions having
been read the first time, the previous question,
being moved, would apply to the second reading.
The previous question was seconded, and, under
its operation, the resolutions were read a second
time by their title.
The question being on the third reading—■
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, called for
the reading of the entire resolutions; which were
read for information, as follows:
- Resolved, S-c., That in the name anil behalf of the Ameri-
ca people, the congratulations of Congress aie heieby ten-
dered to the people of France upon the success of their
' recent efforts to consolidate the principles of liberty in a
republican form of government..
Jini be it further resolved, That the President of the Uni-
ted States be, and he is hereby, requested to transput tins
resolution to the Ameucan minister at Pans, with instiuc-
tions to present it to the French Government.
Mr. ASHMUN said: When resolutions were
presented to this House, some days since, on the
same subject, by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Cummins,] that gentleman stated that the resolu-
tions were drawn by himself, although they ap-
peared here in the form of a newspaper article.
Mr. CUMMINS asked the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to yield the floor that he might explain.
Mr. ASHMUN yielded accordingly.
Mr. CUMMINS then stated that he drew the
resolutions as originally presented without the in-
fluence of, or consultation with, anybody.
Mr. ASHMUN said he had so stated. He had
eaid that the gentleman from Ohio claimed to have
drawn them originally, although they appear here
as a newspaper paragraph, from which it was but
reasonable to infer .that they had been made use of
elsewhere.
Mr. CUMMINS. Never! never!
Mr. ASHMUN understood the gentleman from
Ohio had offered them here on a previous occasion.
Mr. 'CUMMINS again explained. .Those reso-
iutions were originally drawn iTp by himself, to be
presented to this House. Nobody saw them but
himself. When resolution day arrived, he pre-
sented them, but they were objected to, and the
reporters published them as resolutions offered but
not received. As they were not received, he got
' them back, that he might offer them again when a
proper time should arrive; and until they were
offered, nobody saw them but himself.
Mr. ASHMUN was satisfied with the gentle-
man 's explanation. He had not intended to spend
a moment's breath on that subject; but that they
came from the gentleman from Ohio, and not fiom a
standing committee of this House a fact which
had elicited some remarks from the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr.. Bayly]—induced him to move an
amendment. Now, these resolutions come to the
House in a different form. They c,ome from the
Senate, another branch of this Government; and
therefore, subject to the criticism
6„.itleman from Virginia [Mr.
made on those of the gentleman from Ohio LM
they are not, therefore, subject to tne cnuusm
which the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly]
made on those of the gentleman from Ohio |Mr.
Cummins] some days ago. They now stand m a
different position, and they come here entitled to a
more respectful consideration. On the previous
occasion to whicji he had referred, the resolutions
.came neither from the Senate nor from the Excc-
utive,nor were they based on any i^xecutive mes-
sage, nor yet had they had the consideration of a
standing committee of this House; and, conse-
quently, they were not entitled to the same con-
sideration that the resolutions now before the
House were entitled to. With these views he had
moved the amendment which had brought down
upon him the remarks and denunciations of several
gentlemen on this floor. But for the course which
gentlemen had taken in those remarks he should
have been silent. He should have been contenUo
have had the vote taken on his amendment, or on
the proposition to refer them to the Committee
©n Foreign Relations, that that committee might
report them back in such form as they, ini their
judgment, might think proper. But he was free to
sav, that he deemed those resolutions, as they were
presented to this House, even now premature.
There was no man that would more rejoice than
himself to see a republican form of government
consolidated in Prance. No man on this floor
would more gladly mingle his voice with others in
congratulations, if he could see France maintain
her rights, and not France alone, but all the people
of Europe. He should rejoice.to see civil liberty
prevail throughout the whole world; and when,
by their exertions, the oppressed throughout the
world shall have achieved their liberties and assert-
ed their rights, he should be ready to join with the
foremost in the expression of their congratulations.
Mr. A. confessed that he objected to the resolu-
tions of the gentleman from Ohio the other day;
and he Hesitated to concur in the proceedings con-
templated this day, because France has not yet
achieved republican liberty. They had been told
that a republican government had been formed in
France; that it had been already achieved, and
was now existing. The President of the United
States, in hi3 message to Congress, had announced
the fact, " that France had been suddenly trans-
formed into a republic." The President must
have singular ideas of what constitutes a republi-
can government. Indeed, his conduct as the Exec-
utive of our own Union, in his frequent usurpation
of power, gave room to doubt whether he well un-
derstood the true spirit of republicanism. But how
was the present Government of France establish-
ed ? Where was the charter of that Government?
Where was its constitution? Everybody who had
read the proceedings in France knew that the pre-
sent Government was formed by the introduction
of a mob into the Chamber of Deputies. In the
midst of turbulence, a soldier took a bayonet,
and, piercing a piece of paper with names upon it,
held it up, and, with a shout, the names on that
paper were proclaimed to be the Government.
Such was the history of the transaction. That
was the charter of France at the present moment.
It was a bayonet government. It was not a gov-
ernment established by the exercise of con'stitu-
tional liberty. The power of France was exercised
by a few gentlemen; but where was the charter to
limit their power? It did not exist. On the con-
trary, the papers of this morning brought the in-
telligence, m a document issued by the Minister
of the Interior, that those few individuals were
sovereign and independent, and that their own dis-
cretion was the limit "of their power. In such a
case, then, might it not be that the same power
which constituted them the Government of France
might turn them out, and put others in their place?
He denied, then, that France had achieved repub-
lican liberty. It was nothing less than an arbitrary
despotism at present. It was true that yesterday,
(Sunday,) the ninth of April, was appointed for
the election of nine hundred French delegates; and
if they have succeeded, may look forward to the
organization of-a national legislature; but, until
that has been done, he confessed that, individually,
he had no sanguine hopes of the result.
At the head of the present Government of France
there were gentlemen of the highest character and
the greatest purity, but there were others that he
feared. He was, therefore, induced to pause. If
France should establish for herself a constitutional
republic, he should greatly rejoice, and he should
be willing to see this House recognizing a govern-
ment by which the inalienable rights of man were
maintained. He was understood to say, (though
throughout his remarks he was very imperfectly
heard,) that m the altered circumstances m which
these resolutions came before them, he should vote
for them without renewing the amendment he sub-
mitted to the resolutions of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Cummins;] for he was ready to admit
that he wished to see resolutions of this kind not
only cheerfully but unanimously adopted. He,
however, should avail himself of this opportunity
to make some remarks in reply to tile attacks
which his amendment had brought down upon
him from the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bay-
ly] and others. France, in the incipient stages of
her new Government, had given reason to hope
that she would emancipate the slaves in her colo-
nies, and that there would be there no slavery nor
involuntary servitude, except for crime. For con-
gratulating France on that auspicious movement
he had been most .unsparingly denounced. First,
however, the indignation of the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Bayly] was poured out upon the
gentleman from Ohio,.[Mr. Giddings;] but it was
afterwards transferred,,to himself, and he with
pleasure accepted it, and promised that he should
not return it in the same temper, although he should
speak with the most perfect freedom.;- He claimed
to live under a republican ^overnrflent, where all
were entitled to equal privileges anil equalrights,
and, as a member of this House, he claimed die
right freely to discuss any-topie that, came iegiti- *
mately within their action; ana the gentleman from
Virginia greatly mistook his character if he sap-
posed that either denunciation or coarse abus®
could deter him from the exercise of his rights. Ho
sympathized with the downtrodden humanity,of
France, and the expression of his sympathy was
the exercise of a legitimate right when such reso-
lutions were before this body. Why, the resolu-
tions of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cummins]
might be supposed to contemplate the precise object _
which he had in view in preparing his amendment.
The gentleman from Ohio, in his third resolution,
expressed the hope that the downtrodden human-
ity of France might succeed in breaking down all
forms of tyranny and oppression; and what was
that but a prayer that slavery shall cease ? Did the
gentleman from Ohio, or the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, or any other gentleman, say that the three
hundred thousand slaves that exist in the French
West India islands were not downtrodden human-
ity ? If those,gentlemen did deny it, he would ask
their attention to a description given of it by a
gentleman who now held a high position in tho
new Government of France. He desired them to
listen to what M. Lamartine, the French Minister
of Foreign Affairs, had said of it in a well-known
book which he had published.
Mr. Ashmun here read the following extract
from a work of M. de Lamartine, entitled " His-
tory of the Girondists," vol. 1, p. 312:
" San Domingo, the richest of the French colonics, was
swimming in blood. France was punished for its egotism.
Tho Constituent Assembly had proclaimed, in principle, the
libel ty of tho black?, but in fact slavery still existed. I wo
hundred thousand slaves served as human cattle to some
thousands of colonists. They were bought and sold, and
cut and maimed, as if they were inanimate objects. Ihey
were kept by speculation out of the civil law, ana out of the
religious law. Properly, family, marriage, all was forbidden
to them. Care was taken to degrade them as brutes. If some
unions, furtive, or favored by cupidity, were formed amongst
them, the wife and children belonged to the master. ihey
were sold separately, without any regard to the ties of na-
ture j all the attachments with which .God has formed the
chain of human sympathies were Tent asunder without com-
miseration."
That (said Mr. A.) was the condition of slavery
in the West India Islands. I am not spealting
now of Virginia. Lamartine's description is the
description of slavery in the French colonies in
the West Indies. When the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cummins] says in his resolution " that we
' sincerely hope that downtrodden humanity may
' succced in breaking down all forms of tyranny
' and oppression, and in the establishment of ftee
' and national governments for the good of the
' governed, and not for the aggrandizement of those
* who govern," what does lie mean ? Is it not, in
substance, What my amendment more fully ex-
presses? And if the House adopt the one as
proper, how can they reject the other? His fourth
resolution says: " W*hatever of blood and treasure
1 may be shed or spent in a struggle of ttjj op-
' pressed against ther oppressor is to be charged to
(the unjust resistance of the oppressor. When
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] de-
nounced the gentleman from Ohio for referring to
the emancipation of the slaves in the French colo-
nies, because emancipation, when suddenly effect-
ed, must always occasion bloodshed, why did not
he turn on his own friend for invoking blood? The
gentleman turned his thunder on one man, yet
averted it from another who had done the ^rne
thing. Was it because there was a political affilia-
tion between the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. CtJM-
mins] and the gentleman- from Virginia [Mr.
Bayly 1 which made it expedient to keep a prudent
silence in that quarter? This resolution u«erea
the self-same voice with his amendment, ana^ no
ingenuity could pervert it to any other
Mr. A. spoke out what the gentleinan might sup-
pose would be concealed in his resolution, or would
remain there unnoticed. thesa
of "«  Z''T''''Td
wa stuck on the point of a bayonet and handed
Tbout for adoption, M. de Lamartine said:
,, r «o form a government, not definite, but pro-
i visional-Si government charged, first of all, with the task
