600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
of stanch]nfftfte Wood which flows, of putting a stop to civil
war-a mirnmrnit which we appoint without putting aside
mv portion of our resentments and of our indignation ; and
in the next place, a government on which we shall impose
the duty of convoking and consulting the people in its
totality—all that possess the title of man, the rights of a
citizen."
When such was the declaration of the great pop- i
ular leader, and we congratulated the people of
France on the adoption of such a government, and
while the President in his message called that gov-
ernment a lepublic, why should not Congress say
with Lamartine that everything which possessed
the form of humanity ought to be a citizen? The
decrees of the Provisional Government had been
sent to the Government of the United States, and
the President had transmitted them to Congress.
Among them was one which gave instant freedom
to three hundred thousand downtrodden human
btfings in the French colonies. Why, in congrat-
ulating France on what she had achieved, must we
stint our praise so as to withhold all commendation
on this reform also? Why, at such a moment,
when the glad tones of liberty to three hundred
thousand fellow-creatures are sounding to the
islands of the Caribbean sea, may not one voice in
this Hall, dedicated to liberty itself, swell the shout
that goes up to Heaven in thankfulness and re-
joicing ?
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] had
denounced Mr. A. for having proposed an amend-
ment which contained a declaration of a principle
which he considered as amounting to a libel on
half the States of this Union; and Mr, A. per-
ceived, in the next morning's Union, that the Gov- j
ernment editor joined in the gentleman's denun- !
ciations, and blew his penny whistle in chorus, j
Yes, the editor of the organ expressed his "dis- !
gust" at what Mr. A. had done in offering his 1
amendment to the resolution of the gentleman-from
Ohio. Mr. A. had no doubt that editor ielt great
disgust and dissatisfaction at it; he should have
expected it from him. But the abuse of the organ
and the denunciations of the gentleman from Vir- j
ginia, better suited in their manner and tone to his I
plantation than to this Hall of equals, were in ex- I
cellent accordance with the spirit which had been
manifested in the Senate chamber of Virginia when j
that body refused to join in resolutions of regret '
on the death of Mr. Adams, because he had ever !
been the champion of freedom on the floor of this j
House. The two proceedings were in one and ji
the'same spirit. It was because that distinguished ji
statesman, while alive, had been the constant and j,'
fearless champion of human rights; because m this !:
Hall he had dared to stand up against the en- ii
croaching power of the slave interest in this Gov- j!
ernment, that a party majority in the Senate of \ j
Virginia had refused to join in the universal mani- !;
festation of respect and mourning which had spread ;
over the rest of the Union. But was Mr. A. to be j
silenced here? Was he to be prevented from speak- j
ing his sentiments as a freeman, the representative i
of freemen, lest he should excite the-resentmeut of '
the gentleman from Virginia or the abuse of the j
Government organ? At the very moment we were j
congratulating the people of. France on having
overturned the throne of Louis Philippe precisely j
becflise he had attempted to put down, by military 1
force, the liberty of speech—to put a padlock on li
the mouths of the Representatives of the people, j!
and prevent the people themselves from discussing ■
their own rights—an attempt of a kindred sort ii
was to be made in the House of Representatives :
of this land. "The gentleman from Virginia great- :■
lv mistook that part of the Union from which Mr. ■'
A. came, if he had expected that, while, on the i
one hand, they attempted no interference with the
gentleman, his people, or their domestic institu-ii
tions, they would, on the other hand.kepp silence '
on a subject'which so deeply interested them. ;!
They had a right to sympathize, and they did j.
sympathize, with the French people in the whole, ii
not in only a part of what they had attempted. |i
And, in wishing so to sympathize, Mr. A. was '
but the exponent of American feeling. As an '
American Representative, he stood on that floor |i
to announce to the world what was the opinion ii
of the American people on these events. And he ii
believed that the American people fraternized with ii
M. de Lamartine in the sentiments he had 'im- p
bodied m these decrees of (he Provisional Gov- i
ernment, and no less in that abolishing slavery i
in the French colonies than in the other items of i
icforrn,
Mr. A. said that in what he had done- he had
not only manifested his own feelings and those of
his constituents, but there was a gentleman high
in the confidence of the present Administration,
the exponent of its policy and principles at the
Court of St. James, who was,at this moment un-
doubtedly fully sympathizing and fraternizing with
Lamartine in all that had been done in France with
reference to slavery. He was placed at the Court
of the greatest Power of Europe, with a full knowl-
edge of his sentiments on this subject, because he
had solemnly and publicly avowed them. In 1834
Mr. Bancroft, the present minister to England and
late Secretary of the Navy, was proposed as a
candidate for Congress in the district which Mr.
A. represents, and he put forth a printed address
to the people, announcing the principles which
would govern his action. Mr. A. would read a
short extract from that address to show what was
then the Democratic doctrine, and that the princi-
ple of the amendment of Mr. A. was fully accorded
in by the accredited plenipotentiary of Mr. Polk's
administration:
" tf further great refoims in society are expected, they
m^t comc from the people. Slaves are capital; the slave-
holder is a capitalist. Free labor will be the first to demand
the abolition of slavery; capital will be the last to concede
it. We would not interfere with the dome&ttc regulations
of New Orleans or of Algiers; but we mav demand the in-
stant abolition of the slave trade in the District of Co-
lumbia, and should assist free labor to recover its rights in
the capital of the country."
Here was a declaration of principles that came
fully up to any which Mr. A. had avowed; and
could it be doubted that this Democratic function-
ary was even now shaking hands with Lamartine,
and thanking him in the name of free labor, in the
name of liberty and democracy, for this pledge to
abolish slavery in the colonies ?
Here was an exposition of theDemocratic faith,
made by a most unquestionable Democrat, who
now represented this country at the Court ofLon-
don. And while it was proposed to congratulate
France on having overturned her monarchical gov-
ernment, Mr. A. claimed the right, which our min-
ister is probably exercising, to congratulate her on
having emancipated her slaves.
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Hilliard]
had said that he regretted the introduction of this
topic, because there was a deep feeling concerning
it at one end of the Union. It might be and prob-
ably was so. But he could tell that gentleman
there was quite as much and quite as intense a
feel ing at the other end. Slavery had manifested
itself in the Federal Legislature ever since the
organization of our Government, and its influence
upon national policy had created a feeling at the
north that was quite as much to be regarded as the
apprehensions of the South, ar.d gentlemen should
look to it.
The gentleman from Virginia "thought that Mr.
A.'s amendment implied an insult on all the re-
publican States of the South. Mr. A. said, that
by the Declaration of Independence, freedom was
declared an inalienable right of man, and his was
held to be an insult to the southern States. In
1776, all the enlightened and patriotic representa-
tion from Virginia united in publishing to the
wo rid, as their belief and principle of action, that
" all men were created equal, and possessed of
' certain inalienable rights, among which were life,
'liberty, and the pursuit erf happiness."
Was it true that all men were created equal?
He had heard a gentleman from Tennessee [Mr!
Haskell] say that he believed black men were
created to be the servants of white men. That
might be the gentleman's belief; it was not the
belief of Virginia's favorite sons in '76. Was it a
libel to insert such a proposition in the Declaration
of Independence? Was it a libel for Congress to
pass the'ordinance of '87, declaring that through i
all the Northwestern Territory neither slavery nor I
involuntary servitude should exist, save as a pun- j
ishment for crime ? This ordinance had been en-
acted by the Representatives of the entire American
Union. Did they mean to insult and libel the re-
publican States of the South ? Why, Virginia her-
self assented to it. The paper itself was drawn
by the pen of Jefferson. And, when Mr. A. re-
peated only what the most illustrious sons of Vir-
ginia had themselves declared, was he guilty of a
libel on Virginia? Did he insult her? The een-
tleman said that Congress had had no right to
enact such an ordinance. Mr. A. was not now
going to enter on the constitutional question; but
he would content himself with saying that he did
not accede to the authority of the opinion of the
gentleman from Virginia. Whatever had been
the authority of the ordinance, theoretically con-
sidered, praciically, at least, it had been no nullity;
on the contrary, it had been operative through all
that region for half a century. At the time that
ordinance had been passed, while the Northwestern
Territory was a wilderness, Virginia was an old,
densely-peopled State, and, from her commanding
position and great influence, she might be said to
hold the destinies of the Union in her hand. But
how stood the comparison at this day? What was
the condition of that venerable State at this day,
and what the state and population and prospects
of the vast and fertile region northwest of the Ohio?
Yet the gentleman from Virginia, standing on the
banks of the Ohio and beholding the contrast,
could gravely assert that the ordinance of '87 was
a nullity! Had it been possible, at the time that
ordinance was passed, to rid Virginia of her slave
population and place her in.that respect on a foot-
ing with the'northvyestern States, her progress
might at this time have been as rapid as theirs.
Look at her natural advantages, superior in many
respects to theirs. With mountains of mineral
wealth piled one" on another to heaven, with a
soil rich and fertile, a genial climate, with seaports
at her feet, and capacious harbors opening to all
the rich commerce of the Atlantic, what might she
not have been at this day? The gentleman spoke
of Virginia as one of the republican States of the
South. Mr. A. did not deny that she was as re-
publican as any of the other States, and he had no
wish to interfere with her domestic arrangements
in any way; she might, if she so pleased, base
representation upon soil and not on man, and she
might cherish slavery as a blessing, if she sp es-
teemed it; but this could not prevent other States
from instituting a comparison between her condi-
tion and that of her neighbors, when challenged to
it by such remarks as had fallen from the gentle-
man from that State.
Mr. A. could not accept of the gentleman from
Virginia as an exponent of the sentiments of the
people of Virginia; he did not, as Mr, A. con-
ceived, fairly represent the wisdom or the justice
of that Commonwealth. While Virginia was en-
titled to insist upon respect for her own rights, she
should not interfere with the rights of other States,
nor charge them, because they rejoiced in the abo-
lition of slavery in a distant part of the globe,
with encouraging revolt and massacre in our own
land.
Again, he asked the gentleman, was it an insult
to the slaveholding States to adopt the Declaration
of Independence?—to pass the ordinance of '87? 
to pass the resolution admitting Louisiana into the
Union?—or that admitting Missouri?—or that ad-
mitting Texas? Yet in all these cases there were
restrictions on the existence of slavery within cer-
tain limits. Or was it an insult when the last
House of Representatives, which the gentleman
would claim as a Democratic Congress, inserted a
clause into the constitution of Oregon forever pro-
hibiting slavery in that Territory, or to insert a
similar restriction in Mexico in the three-million
bill? All these successive acts of the representa-
tives of the American people were equally liable
to the charge of insulting the-slaveholding States
with Mr. A.'s amendment. Would the gentleman
esteem it an insult and a libel, if, after we should '
have acquired new territory sufficient to form some
half dozen new States of this Union, Congress
should put a similar restriction into their constitu-
tions? The gentleman and his friends had forced
the House and the country into a war which
seemed likely to end in the acquisition of such
territory, and they would then call upon Congress
to make laws for it. And when that came, he was
much mistaken if they would not find that the
people of the North would take iheir stand to a
man on that point. They had resisted the war,
but the war had been forced upon them; and when
it should be attempted to force them to allow the
existence of slavery in the new territory, and thus
prepare a new accession of slaveholding States,
and slaveholding power and predominance, it would
be resisted, and they would do all which constitu-
tionally they could do to prevent the extension of
the institution of slavery in this Union. Mr, A.
had nothing to do with it as it already existed in
the southern States. For himself, though he did
not pretend to say precisely when, he had not a
