602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
The gentleman had expressed some surprise that
the resolutions of the gentleman from Ohio con-
tained a virtual congratulation at this abolition
movement in France, and had said, that " but for
the position" (emphasizing the word) of the gen-
tleman, he would have been more explicit in its
utterance. What did the gentleman mean by this,
that b lit for his position ? Had it come to this ? Had
a' leader of the Whig part^ in this House been
brought to admit that the position of a Democratic
member ort this side of the House was a restraint
upon him in throwing an apple of discord here
which did not prevail on that side of the H'ouse ?
They all knew—scarcely any man was so inatten-
tive to what was going on here from day to day as
not to know—that such was the fact; but he had
thought that the calculating prudence of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts would probably have re-
strained him from the open, undisguised avowal of
it on this floor.
The gentleman had referred to the remarks of
the French minister; had quoted from his book
what he had said on the subject of slavery in the
West'India islands. Now, he (Mr. B.) begged
leave to say to this House that he attached pre-
cisely the same importance to Lamartine's descrip-
tion' of slavery in the West Indies, that he did to
the constant descriptions of slavery in the south-
ern States by the gentleman and his associates on
this floor. He had never lived in those colonies.
He knew nothing of their condition. He was pre-
cisely as ignorant of it as the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts and those who operated with him were
of the condition of slavery in the southern States,
and-his presumptions would never supply the place
of knowledge. He attached precisely the same
importance to the opinions of Lamartine upon a
subject which he did not understand, that he did
to the opinions so often expressed here by a class
precisely in the same category.
But the gentleman had not been content with a
legitimate reply to his argument, such as it was—
wholly unpremeditated; but had seen fit to come
into this Hall, in a manner which every gentleman
here must feel to have been offensive, to drag before
the nation and to denounce the conduct of the Sen-
ate of Vnginia for refusing to pass certain resolu-
tions in reference to the death of Mr. Adams. It
was not for him to defend that body, composed as
it was of patriots and statesmen. They were able
to defend themselves, and they had defended them-
selves. But why was it that the Senate of Virginia
had not passed those resolutions? They were
willing to pass such resolutions as were becoming
the occasion. They offered to pass resolutions of
regret at the death of the man; but they were un-
willing to stamp hypocrisy upon themselves, and
to pass general resolutions of approbation of the
conduct of a gentleman whose conduct, it was well
known, had never met the approbation of Virginia.
He spoke of his political course. Of his private
character as a man, of his ability as a statesman,
no man in Virginia had ever undertaken to speak
in terms of disparagement. But they were not
willing to pass resolutions of approbation of his po-
litical conduct; and the friends of Mr. Adams were
the sole authors of the rejection of those resolutions,
by the attempt to avail themselves of the reluctance
which men ever have to refuse to say anything
laudatory of the dead, and to seize upon a solemn
occasion of that sort to effcct a party purpose, and
to make the people of Virginia, on such an occa-
sion, pass a vote of condemnation upon their whole
comse. The Senate of Virginia had firmness
enough, had respect for-itself enough, not to unite
in any such unhallowed movement. Proper reso-
lutions could have been passed, and would have
been passed unanimously; but the friends of Mr.
Adams insisted on that being done which the Sen-
ate of Virginia, with proper respect for itself, could
not possibly do.
But suppose the Senate of Virginia in this respect
had erred. Suppose their conduct had been so out-
rageous as the gentleman from Massachusetts
would have the nation believe, with what propriety
was it that he came forward to assail the conduct
of the Legislature of one of the oldest, and I beg
leave to add, one of the most patriotic States in this
Union? It was an impudent intermeddling, an
effort, not unusual here, to throw a stigma upon
that old State, the mother.of States and of states-
men, which had reposing in her bosom the mortal
remains of the man who first roused the American
people to a sense of their rights, of the author of
the Declaration of American independence, and of
that patriot, such as the world never saw before or
would see again, who, by his virtue, patriotism,
moderation, and prudence, carried out the design
and conducted the colonies through the struggle
which established our independence.
The gentleman said, when he (Mr. B.) pro-
nounced his amendment a libel on one-half of the
States of this Union, he wfts Virtually saying that
the Declaration of Independence was equally a
libel. What was the resolution of the gentleman as
modified by his friend from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck?]
It was a declaration that slavery, domestic slavery',
was a violation of a cardinal republican principle.
He said that that declaration was a libel on one-
half of the States of this Union, because it affirmed
that those States were living in the habitual viola-
tion of a cardinal republican principle, and he main-
tained it still. But had the gentleman's resolution
any analogy to the Declaration of Independence?
Did the Declaration of Independence speak of any-
thing else than political rights? When the Decla-
ration of Independence declared that all men are
born equal, did it mean to assert the untruth that
all men were in fact born equal in their moral and
physical condition? Did it mean to say that the
idiot was born equal in every respect with the man
of genius? In what were they equal? Equal in
stature: in intellect? in any gift of God ? The Dec-
laration of Independence never meant to assert any
such absurdity as that. It meant to assert that
men are equal m their native political rights. That
was what it declared, and that was all it declared;-
and there was no ingenuity which could torture
the Declaration of Independence into having the
remotest allusion to the institution of domestic
slavery.
The gentleman had read a long list of bright
names that represented Virginia at that time in
the old Continental Congress—the name of tee,
who introduced the resolution that " these colo-
nies are, and of right ought to be, free and inde-
pendent States;" of Benjamin Harrison; Carter
Biaxton, and other eminent men, who participated
in that movement. Did he not know that every
one of these men at that time were large slave-
holders—among the largest ill that State? that
every one of them continued to be slaveholders till
the day of their death ? With what purpose, then,
did he come in here and assert that these men pro-
pounded any such declaration? I say (said Mr.
B.) that the Declaration of Independence is a libel
on my State! Sir, it is the handiwork of her
noblest and most gifted sons. But it is as little like
the resolution of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, either in its puipose or sentiment, as he is
like the eminent men who asserted and maintained
it! And, in saying that, I do not know how 1 can
draw a stronger contrast.
The gentleman from Massachusetts asked (con-
tinued Mr. B.) if the ordinance of 1789 was a hhel
on the States of the South. He (Mr. B.) did not
choose to repeat now what he should have an
opportunity on another occasion to say, when he
should pay his respects to that ordinance, and
show all it ever was, oris. It contained no such
sentiment as that expressed by the gentleman.
In the same spirit m which he nad referred to
the action of the Senate of Virginia, the gentleman
had undertaken to come here and criticise her con-
stitution; and to refer to the fact that suffrage there
was confined to the soil and did not attach to the
citizen. In this he had shown precisely the same
sort of information in reference to her constitution
that he had in his speeches heretofore in reference
to tiie institution of domestic slavery m Virginia.
The constitution of Virgmia made no such restric-
tion .
Mr. ASHMUN interposed, and, the floor being
yielded, inquired of the gentleman if the right of
voting in several counties in Virginia was not in-
cident to ownership of the soil?
Mr. BAYLY replied in the negative. Not one-
half of the voters in Virginia owned one foot of
soil.
Mr. ASHMUN had not said they did. But he
asked again whether owning territory in different
counties did not give the owners the right to vote
in each county where the real estate was situated?
Mr. BAYLY replied in the aflirmative.
Mr. ASHMUN said that was his assertion.
Mr. BAYLY continued. The ownership of the
soil (he said) gave one class of rights; but one-half
of the voters of Virginia did not own one foot of
land. The right of suffrage in Virginia was not
as extended as he would have it; it was not as ex-
tended as he desired to see it; but it was almost as
universal as it could be where there wasany prop-
erty restriction whatever.
But to recur to the subject of the Declaration of
Independence. The gentleman had said that every
creature that had the form of a man was entitled
to the right of citizenship. He asked the gentle-
man in what State of this Union did any such right
obtain ? He asked him in what State of this Union,
except, perhaps, his own, did free negroes enjoy
any rights of citizenship? Did they vote? Did
they serve on juries? Had they the right, which
was secured by the Constitution to every citizen,
of going to any State they please to reside in?
Did not the gentleman know that, although he
talked so much about negroes being deprived of
their rights by the institution of slavery, they were
as much deprived of every political right in the
other States as they were in Virginia ?
Mr. ASHMUN was understood to say (Mr. B.
yielding) that there were other States beside Mas-
sachusetts' in which the black population were
entitled to vote. This was the cas£, he believed,
in Democratic New Hampshire.
Mr. BAYLY. Do the negroes vote there ?
Mr. ASHMUN. Yes, and in New York.
Mr. BAYLY (continuing) undertook to say,
that neither in New York nor New Hampshire—
and he did not speak from the book, nor did he
presume to be as well acquainted with their domes-
tic institutions as their own Representatives were—
but he undertook to say, that neither in New York
nor New Hampshire did the negroes stand on the
same footing with the white voter. There were
discriminations against them; and if there were
any discriminations, they did not enjoy all the
privileges of citizenship.
Mr. TUCK interposed, and, the floor being
yielded, begged leave to correct the gentleman in
regard to New Hampshire. Free negroes voted
in New Hampshire; and he would inform the
gentleman that very many of them were intelligent
and respectable men. [A laugh.]
Mr. BAY'LY continued. How many of them
had the gentleman ever seen on the jury, at the
bar, on the bench of justice? Not one, he would
undertake to say. And they could not marry a
white woman. [A laugh.] And yet gentlemen
came here and told them that they were free and
equal. It was not the fact anywhere. Look at
Connecticut, in the very heart of New England:
on a late occasiQn, by an overwhelming popular
vote, she had denied them the right of suffrage.
Look at New York, Pennsylvania, to every State
in the Union, wiiere they were not entitled to the
enjoyment of the rights of the white; and yet
gentlemen talked to them about emancipating their
slaves. Go hom£, (said he,) and emancipate your
free negroes. When you do that, we will listen
to you with more patience. Until you have taken
the beam out of your own eye, do not undertake
to remove the mote from ours.
But the gentleman, not content with referring to
the Legislature of Virginia and her constitution,
had undertaken to tell the House about her want
of prosperity, and to refer them to the greater
growth and success of other States. He (Mr. B.)
knew that this was a very common idea; but he
undertook to say, with some small knowledge of
the fact, that there was not one of the old States
which had advanced in prosperity with more steady,
decided step than Virginia. He undertook to say
that there was no State in which the progress of
improvement had been more rapid and certain.
He knew some of the new States had outstiipped
her. The cheapness of their lands, and many
other circumstances, which he could not now stop
to discuss, had stimulated them into rapid pros-
perity—a prosperity which he had never envied
them. But he maintained that, among the old
States of this Union, there was no State which
had advanced in population and wealth with more
steady step than had Virginia. Even Massachu-
setts herself, with all the protection she had re-
ceived from the General Government, elevating
her and depressing us, had not a larger ratio of
representation, in comparison with Virginia, on
this floor, than she had in the first Congress under
the Constitution.
And yet with these circumstances, their people
constantly going out, the new States keeping up a
constant drain 'upon them in consequence of their
