1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
605
who sold him provisions, and liked his presence. During-
hi* encampment thirty or forty miles from here, despatches
wer# received by die commandant, General Jos6 Castro, a
native of Monterey, from Mexico, ordering him to drive Cap-
tain Fremont out of this department j which order, with
one hundred and seventy or two hnndred men present, and
over one hundred more daily expected, he pretended to exe-
cute. Captain Fremont left his camp a few hours after he
received .the undersigned's letter of the 9th of March, (not
from fright of General Castro,) as he had been preparing the
week before to travel. It is supposed he has gone to Santa
Barbara, where an American was sent by-the undersigned
in February with funds and provisions for his use.
"The undersigned,has not supposed, during the wfrole af-
fair, that General Castro wished to go after Captain Fremont,
^and was very confident that, with all California, he would
'not have attacked him, even had he been sure of destroying
the whole party, as five times their number could have taken
their place before the expected battle. Captain Fremont
received verbal applications from English and Americans to
join his party, and could have mustered as many men as the
natives, fie was careful not to do so. Although he dis-
charged five or six of his men, he took no others in their
place."—Letter, JUpril 3, 1846.
This is the official history of the first difficulty
with the Californian authorities, and presents the
conduct of Mr. Fremont in the most unexception-
able point of view: halting his command upon the
frontier; going alone to Monterey; asking and ob-
taining permission to winter in an uninhabited val-
ley; only raising the flag of the United States when
in danger of being attacked; leaving the country
as soon as the danger was over; and refusing to
receive any of the American settlers into his ser-
vice, (even to supply the place of discharged men,)
that there might be no room for misconstruction
of his conduct, or for false accusations against the
settlers.
The hoisting of the United States flag on this
occasion is the only act which requires a word of
explanation or of justification. It was complained
of as an act of aggression: it was no such thing,
but an act of self-protection and of self-defence.
It was an appeal to their country, and a proper
appeal for an American officer to make when in
danger of being unjustly attacked. Mr. Fremont,
in his reply to the consul's communication, in a
brief note written in pencil, and in view of the
enemy, gave the reasons for the act which justified
it, and exalted it into an act of devotion and hero-
ism. It was in these words:
"I this moment received your letters, and without waiting
to read them, acknowledge the receipt which the courier
requires immediately. I am making myself as strong as
possible, in the intention that if we are unjustly attacked,
we will fiuht to extremity, and refuse quarter, trusting to our
country to avenge our death. No one has* reached our camp,
and from the heights we are able to see troops (with the
glass) mu«teringat St. John's, and preparing cannon. I thank
you for your kindness and good wishes, and would write
more at length as to my intentions, did I not fear that my
letter would be intercepted. We have  n no\vi«e done
wrong to the people or the authorities of the country, and if
we are hemmed in and assaulted here, we will die, every
man of us, under the flag of our country. ,
« Very truly yours, J. C. FREMONT.
"P. S. I am encamped on the top of the Siuua, at the
head waters of a stream which strikes the roid to Mon-
terey. opposite the house of Don Joaquin Gom'ez.
"J. C. F.
"Thomas O. Larjun, Esq.,
ti Consul for tfte C/nitcd States, Monterey."
.Such was the reason for raising the flag. It was
raised at the approach of danger: it was taken
down when danger disappeared. It was well and
nobly done and worthy of our admiration—sixty
of our countrymen, three thousand miles from
home, in sight of the Pacific Ocean, appealing to
the fiag of their country, unfurling it on the moun-
tain top, and determined to die under it before they
would submit to unjust aggression.
Turning his back on California, and looking to
Oregon as the field of His further labors, Mr. Fre-
mont determined to explore new route to the
Wah-lah-mat& settlements and the tide-water re-
gion of the Columbia, through the wild and ele-
vated region of the Tlamath lakes. A romantic
interest attaches to this region from the grandeur
of its features, its lofty mountains, and snow-clad
peaks, and from the formidable character of its
warlike inhabitants. In the first week of May he
was at the north end of tfie great Tlamath lake,
and in Oregon, the lake being passed near its south
end by* the parallel of forty-two degrees. On the
8th day.of that month va strange sight presented
itself—two men riding up and penetrating a region
which few ever approached without paying toll of
life and blood, they proved to be two of Mr.
Fremont's old voyageurs, and quickly told their
story They were part of a guard of six men con-
ducting a United States officer who was on his
trail with despatches from Washingto&i and whom
they had left two days back while they came on
to give notice of his approach, and to ask that
assistance might be sent him. They themselves
had only escaped the Indians by th^swiftness of
their horses. It was a case in which no time was
to be lost or mistake to be made. Mr. Fremont
determined to go himself*, and taking ten picked
men, four of them Delaware Indians, he took down
the western shore of the lake on the morning of
the 9th, (the direction the officer was to come,)
and made a ri^e of sixty miles without a halt. But
to meet men, and not to miss them, was the diffi-
cult point in that trackless region. It was not the
case of a high road where all travellers must meet
in passing each other: at intervals, there were
places—defiles or camping grounds—where both
parties must pass; and, watching for these, he came
to one in the afternoon, and decided in his own
mind that, if the party was not killed, it must be
there that night. He halted and encamped; and,
as the sun was going down, had the inexpressible
satisfaction to see the four men approaching. The
officer proved to be Lieutenant Gillespie, of the
United States marines, who had been despatched
from Washington the November previous to make
his way by Vera Cruz, Mexico, and Mazatlan, to
Monterey, in Upper California, deliver despatches
to the United States consul there, and then find
Mr. Fremont wherever he should be. His de-
spatches for Mr. Fremont were only a letter of
introduction from the Secretary of State (Mr. Bu-
chanan) and some letters and slips of papers from
Senator Benton and his family, and some verbal
communications from the Secretary of State. The
depositions taken by the committee show the nature
of these verbal communications, which were, in
substance, that he should watch and counteract
any foreign schemes in California, and conciliate |
the good will of the inhabitants towards the United ;
States. Upon this intimation of the Government's |
wishes, Mr. Fremont turned back from Oregon,'in
the edge of which he then was, and returned to
California.
This is the letter of introduction; and I think it
right to show it, and to read it, lest any one should
suppose it to be of more importance than it is:
" Washington, November 3,1845.
"My dear Sir: The bearer hereof, Mr. Archibald H.
,Gillespie, is about to vuit the ifcorthwest coast of America,,
on business, and has requested me to give him a letter ot
introduction to you. This I do with pleasure, because he
is a gentleman of worth and respectability, and is worthy of
your regard. I do not deem it probable that he will fall ill
with you, but, if he should, allow me to bespeak for him
your friendly attention. He will he able to communicate to
you information ot the health ot Mra. Frdmont and of Colo-
nel Henton and Ins family.
" From your friend, very respectfully, •
"JAMBS BUCHANAN.
" J. O. Fremont, Esq., Oregon
This is the letter, and of itself it signified nothing;
but it accredited the bearer, and gave the stamp of
authority to what he communicated, and upon this
Mr. Fremont acted; for it was not to be supposed
that Lieutenant Gillespie had been sent so far, and
through so many dangers, merely to deliver him
that letter on the shores of the Tlamath lake. Mr.
Gillespie, in his testimony, has explained all the
reasons of the mystery of this letter, and of the
verbal communications, and shown that they were
precautions to avoid detection in his perilous jour-
ney through Mexico in the fall of 1845.
This is not the time or the occasion, Mr. Presi-
dent, to show amidst what dangers and hardships
scientific discovery was pursued by Mr. Fremont
in these remote and unexplored regions; The time
may come for telling these things. But the events
of a week on the shores of the great Tlamath lake,
sketched with the brevity which the occasion re-
quires, may give a glimpse of these hardships and
dangers, and of the courage and fidelity with which
he was supported by his men.
The night he met Mr. Gillespie presented one
of these scenes to which he was so often exposed,
and which nothing(but the highest degree of vigi-
lance and courage could prevent from being fatal.
The camping-ground was on the western side of
the lake, the horses picketed with long halters on
its shore to feed on tne grass, and the men (four-
teen in number) sleeping by threes at different fires;
for, though in May, the elevation of the place and
the proximity of snow-clad mountains made the
night intensely cold. His feelings joyfully ex-
cited by hearing from home, (the first word of in-
telligence he had' received since leaving the United
States, a year before,) Mr. Fremont sat up by a
large fire, reading, his letters and papers, and
watching over the safety of his camp while the
men slept. Towards midnight, he heard 8 move-
ment among the horses, indicative of alarm and
some danger. Horses, and especially mules, be-
come extremely sensitive to danger under long1
travelling and campingin the wilderness,and mani-
fest their alarm atthfe approach of anything strange.
Taking a six-barrel pistol in his hand, and, with*
out waking the camp, he went down among
them. The moon shone brightly—he could see
nothing. Encouraged by his presence, the horses
became quiet—poor dumb creatures, that could
not tell what they had seen—and he returned
to the camp, supposing it was only some beast
of the forest, some wolf or bear prowling for
food, that had disturbed them. He returned to
the camp-fire; Lieutenant Gillespie woke up,
talked with him awhile, and then laid down again.
Finally, nature had her course with Mr. Fremont
himself. Excited spirits gave way to exhausted
strength. The day's ride and the night's excite-
ment demanded the reparation of repose. He laid
down to sleep, and without waking up a man to
watch, relying upon the loneliness of the place and
the long ride of the day as a security against the
proximity of danger. It was the second time in
Uyenty thousand miles of wilderness explorations
that his camp had slept without a guard; the first
was in his second expedition, and on an island in
the Great Salt Lake, and when the surrounding
waters of the lake itself constituted a guard. The
whole camp was then asleep. A cry from Carson
roused it. In his sleep he heard a groan—it was
the groan of a man receiving the tomahawk in his
brains. All sprung to their feet. The savages
were in the camp; the hatchet and the winged
arrow were at work. Basil Lajeunesse, a brave and
faithful young Frenchman, the follower of Fremont
in all his expeditions, was dead; an Iowa was
dead; a brave Delaware Indian, one of those who
had accompanied Mr. Fremont from Missouri, was
dying—it was his.groan which awoke Carson.
Another of the Delawares was a target for arrows,
from which no rifle could save him—could only
avenge him. The savages had waited till the moon
was m the trees, casting long shadows over the
camp: then approaching from the dark side, with
their objects between themselves and the light, they
used only the hatchet and the formidable bow,
whose arrow went to its mark without a flash or
a sound to show whence it came. Jill advantages
were on the side of the savages; but the camp was
saved, the wounded protected from massacre, and
the dead from mutilation. In the morning, Lieu-
tenant Gillespie recognized, in the person of one
of the slain assailants, the Tlamath chief who, the
morning before, had given him a salmon m token
of friendship, and who had followed him all day
to kill itnd rob his party at night—a design in which
they would certainly have been successful had it
not been for the promptitude and precision of Mr.
Fremont's movement. Mr. Fremont himself would
have been killed when he went to the horses had
it not been that they counted upon the destruction
of the whole camp, and feared to alarm it by kill-
ing one before the general massacre.
It was on the 9th of May—a day immortalized
by American arms at Resaca de la Palma—that
this fierce and bloody work took place.
The morning of the 10th of May was one of
gloom in the camp. The evening sun of the 9th
had set upon it full of life and joy at a happy
meeting: the same sun rose upon it in the morn-
ing stained with blood, ghastly with the dead and
wounded, and imposing mournful duties on the
survivors. The wounded were to be carried, the
dead to be buried, and so buried as to be hid and
secured from discovery and violation. They were
carried ten miles, and every precaution taken to
secure them from the wolf and the savage; for
men, in these remote and solitary dangers, become
brothers, and defend each other living and dead.
The return route lay along the shore of the lake,
anil during the day the distant canoes of the sav-
ages could be seen upon it, evidently watching the
progress of the party, and meditating a night a -
tack. All precautions, at the night encampment,
were taken for security—horses and men enclosed
in a breastwork of great trees, cut down for the
purpose, and half the camp constantly on the
watch. At leaving in therooming an ambuscade
was planted—and two-of the Tlamaths were killed
by the men in ambush. At mght the mam camp,
