608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10.
ma was complete. But the conquest was to be
preserved. The orders to the naval officers were
to conquer, hold, and govern California; and to do
that, the service of land forces was further wanted.
The seamen and marines were wanted on board
the vessels;* no troops of the United States were
there. The further services of Fremont's battalion
became indispensable. They demanded twenty-
five dollars a month, (which is very near the
amount allowed by law to mounted men,) and
only remained in service upon condition of receiv-
ing it. So testifies Captain Hensley, an officer of
the battalion, and a gentleman of character and in-
telligence, who was examined before the commit-
tee. He
"Twas present when the California battalion was mus-
tered into the service of the United States, and the men then
positively refused to serve for eleven dollars per month.
They remained in the service without any rate of pay being
specified until, in August, 1846, atthe City of Angels, Colonel
Fremont ordered me to inquire of my company at what rate
of pay tlicy would consent to remain in the service. They
unanimously demanded twenty-fivp dollars per month, and
refused to remain any longer in service unless that amount
was promised them, i considered the rate of pay demanded
by the men as reasonable for that country, and under all the
circumstances.
Upon these terms they remained in service to
garrison the country.
But-a new and more arduous service was re-
quired from the California battalion. In the fall
of 1846, an insurrection -broke out in Southern
California, and the battalion was called upon to
join in its suppression. Most of them had returned
to the north. Another campaign to the south was
required, and many recruits necessary to complete
its strength. A body of emigrants had just ar-
rived^from the United States, and stopped in the
valley of the Sacramento. Leaving their families
slightly provided with shelter and subsistence,
above two hundred of them joined Mr. Fremont
for this new expedition of near seven hundred
miles distance. At first it was attempted from the
San Francisco bay by sea. Baffled in that attempt,
after twenty days' contest with adverse winds, a
return to Monterey, and an overland march to Los
Angeles, became unavoidable. It was the begin-
ning of winter—the cold rains already set in—a
country of defiles and mountains, and in a state of
insurrection, to be traversed—and everything to
be procured, and without money. In a few weeks
alf was ready—cannon mounted, beef-cattle pro-
cured, six hundred horses collected. It was a
march of extraordinary hardship, as well as re-
quiring military skill. Every day many horses
perished of hunger and cold, and on Christmas
day above an hundred died on the Santa Barbara
mountain in a storm of wind and rain black with
the tempest from the Pacific Ocean. The march
required skill; but it was with something more
than a soldier's eye that Mr. Fremont felt it to be
his duty to survey the field before him. He knew
that the Cahfornians against whom he was going
were themselves revolutionists—successful insur-
gents against Mexican authority—and conscious
that they must come either under the American or
British flag. Conciliation was his policy. To gain
over these people by mildness and justice, instead
of crushing them by arms, became his object; and
to the attainment of this object all his military
movements became subordinate and subservient.
San Luis Obispo, a focus of insurrection, the seat
of a commandant, and distant one hundred and
fifty miles, was to be taken and passed. He con-
ceived the design of a secret march—a surprise—a
capture without bloodshed—and the seizure of the
insurgent chiefs : and he accomplished that de-
sign. The secret march was made—the town sur-
prised—and the arrests effected—and effected with
the quiet and order of so many civil arrests in one
of our peaceful cities. Don Jesus Pico, and some
thirty others, were taken. Then an event occur-
red which gave a decisive turn to the character
of the war, and ensured its peaceful and happy
conclusion. Don Jesus Pico was particularly
obnoxious to the Americans. He had broken
his parole—been active in the insurrection—and
had sent out expeditions in which Captain Bor-
rows and some brave men had been killed. He
was placed before a court-martial, condemned, and
ordered to be shot. Mr. Fremont pardoned him,
and in that act consummated his policy of concilia-
tion, prevented further resistance to his march, and
prepared the way for the capitulation of Couenga.
Don Jesus was connected with all the principal
fattiilies by blood and by marriage. He was cousin
to Don Andres Pico, a principal chief of the insur-
rection at Los Angeles. He attached himself to
Mr. Fremont, took the side of peace and concilia-
tion, went with him in his march, and contributed
to quiet the towns through which they had to pass.
The people remained in their houses, offered no
resistance, and received no harm. A corps of ob-
servation, which hung upop hie march, yielded the
maritime pass of the Punto Gordo without resist-
ance, and galloped about without giving or receiv-
ing any serious attack. The main body of the in-
surgents at Los Angeles, hearing of his appfbach,
and that he had passed Santa Barbara, marched
out to meet him; then, changing their minds, they
turned back to the south, and fought the actions of
the 8th and 9th of January with Commodore Stock-
ton. Repulsed, but not routed, (for Commodore
Stockton's command was all on foot, and the in-
surgents all mounted,) they turned again to meet
Mr. Fremont, and took post in the pass of San
Fernando. They undertook to defend the pass,
which being turned by the riflemen, they fell back
into the plain of Couenga, famous as a battle-field
in the strifes of California. Mr. Fremonfsent them
a message. They agreed to meet him. He went
out alone to see them, attended only by Don Jesus
Pico, (who had attached himself to him for life and
for death since his pardon,) and had an interview
with Don Andres Pico and other chiefs. They
agreed to capitulate to him,and to nobody buthim,
declaring that they would take to the mountains
" and die like wild beasts" before they would sub-
mit to any one but him. The terms were agreed
upon, and they were conformable to the law of
nations, and to the law of common sense and jus-
tice, The insurgents gave up their cannon and
public arms, retired to their homes, promised sub-
mission to the American authority, and aid in pre-
serving order, and in return were to receive protec-
tion, and not to be required to take the oath of
allegiance to the United States until a definitive
treaty of peace with Mexico should fix their politi-
cal condition. These terms, agreed upon in per-
son, were reduced to form by commissioners ap-
pointed on each side, approved by the respective
commanders-in-chief, (Commodore Stockton and
Don Andres Pico,) and the'warnot only terminated
and peacc established, but the fruits of peace ac-
quired and enjoyed.
This was the conclusion of the war, and was so
related by the United States consul at Monterey,
(Mr. 0. Larkin,) who was a prisoner in the hands
of the insurgents at the time of Mr. Fremont's ap-
proach to Los Angeles. He
" On the 3d or 4th of January, news reached the Pueblathat
Colonel Fremont was south ot Santa Barbara, marching to
meet the Calit'ornian forces. The latter then mustered ail
they could, to the number of 400 to 5Q'J, and encamped two
or three days at the mission of San Fernando, awaiting the
arrival of the riflemen, and appeared very anxious to have
a fight. Information now reached General Flores that Com-
modore Siookton, with 600 men from San Diego, would soon
be m his vicinity. He immediately ordered all the Mexi-
cans and Cahfornians to leave San Fernando, and march
to the opposite site of the Puebla to meet the marine forces.
" On the 13th of Januaiy, the capitulation of Couenga was
signed. * * * *
*' The war in California is now over, as far a^ the Cahfor-
nians are concerned, a)id if tliPir manners and customs are
tolerated, and common protection afforded ihein., they will
gradually jail into the new order of affairs. They have had,
in different part?, nine hundred men under arms, every man
with good horse  and a lance, movt of them with swords,
pistols, rides, or carbines, every one of them countrymen,
to ant them either by choice or force; a perfect knowledge
of every hill and valley; yet they did not succeed, and have
found their losses m horses and waste of time so great,"as to
prefer peace for the future, under a guarantee of good treat-
ment."
The capitulation of Couenga was the happy con-
clusion of the war, and is so testified by many
witnesses. Midshipman Wilson, a captain in the
California battalion, says:
c* We had frequent skirmishes with parties of the enemy
untd the capitulation of Couengay which <ict«'d almost magi-
cally in rc-*tomiff p<*ace and tranquillity to the country ; and
but for that capitulation, no beneficial m if result,-, my im-
pression is that the Cahfornians would have carried on a
system of gueinlla warfare, by \vhi< h many lives and much
property would have been sacrificed."
Colonel Russell, who was chief staff officer in
the battalion, and one of the commissioners for
making the capitulation, says:
" At the capitulation of Don Andres Pico to Colonel Fre-
mont, he and other Cahfornians boldly declared their deter-
mination never to submit to any other officer than him, and
on the terms granted in the capitulation of Couenga, of which
I was one of the negotiators.
" I hesitate not to give it as my decided opinion tb^t the
capitulation of Couenga on ttie 13th January, 1847, was the
main cause of saving the country from a bloody, vexaUouw,
predatory warfare, that would necessarily have been pro-
tracted for a considerable length of time.
"I remained at Los Angeles over two months after the
capitulation, and became w«*JI acquainted, and conversed
much with the families in that part of the country, and from
all I could learn, the good results of that treaty in prevent-
ing a guerrilla warfare was fully confirmed."
This was the conclusion of the war, and the res-
toration of peace and its fruits. The capitulation
of Couenga was the pacification and the reconcilia-
tion of California. It was the last act in the drama
of the conquest, and, like the first movement in the
valley of the Sacramento, was done upon the re-
sponsibility of Mr. Fremont alone. From the day
it was signed peace and good-will prevailed in the
country. Travelling and living became as secure
as in any part of the United States. Mr. Fremont
could have gone back alone, without arms or guards,
upon the line of his march from Los Angeles to
Monterey, without interruption from the people,
except in the manifestations of their gratitude and
affection. He did go back upon it in that extraor-
dinary ride with Don Jesus Pico, and was greeted
everywhere by the hospitalities of the people. He
afterwards lived two months as governor in the
capital of the Californias, like any &overnor would
live in the capital of one of our States, without
guards or sentries, or any semblance of military
protection, the battalion being sent off ten miles to
keep it out of the town.
And thus the same men who began the war fin-
ished it. The California battalion, formed out of
the American settlers on the Sacramento and the
men of the topographical party, (reinforced after-
wards by later emigrants from the United States,)
finished on the plains of Couekga the movement
which had commenced at Sonoma, and in the same
spirit of justice, moderation, and patriotism. In
conjunction with the sailors and marines, they had
twice conquered California before theUnited States
troops arrived in the country. They did it with-
out aid from the United States—without quarter-
masters, commissaries, and paymasters to carry,
feed, and pay them. The fruits of all their labors
have been received by the United States, and the
bill rendered i3 only seven hundred thousand dol-
lars—a fraction only of the amount paid to those
who arrived after the work was done. It should
have been provided for in one of the public bills.
It is an appropriation, and of a public nature, and
of the most sacred nature. It should at least have
had a place in that " deficiency" bill of fourteen
millions which lately passed Congress; for what
can be more deficient than nonpayment, for almost
two years, for such extraordinary services? Even
if this bill is passed at once, and with the least
possible delay from legislative forms, it will still
be almost half a year before the claimants can be-
gin to touch their pay.
The bill is carefully drawn, both with a view to
public and to private justice. It is intended to
settle up and pay up at'once all jlist claims, and to
close the door forever upon all false ones. A com-
mission acquainted with the subject, familiar with
every transaction, is to go to California, visit every
district in which claims originated, call all before
them, allow the good, reject the bad, and bar all
j that are not presented to them. In this way, and
in this alone, can justice be done to all parties, just
claimants saved from the depredations of agents
and speculators, the United States saved from pay-
ing false accounts, and California prevented from
becoming a mine for the production of false claims
for half a century to come. The great and main
facts, that services have been rendered, that the
United States have received the benefit of these
; services, and that they have not been paid for, are
j established by the depositions; the mode of settle*
J merit, and the detail of payment, is directed by the
! bill.
1 Mr. DAYTON rose and said, it was his inten-
| tion to make a few remarks on the bill; but as the
j hour was late, and as he understood there was
| some Executive business to be acted on, he would
i wish the bill to be informally passed over, should
j such be the sense of the Senate.
i
I EXECUTIVE SESSION.
ij On motion of Mr. HANNEGAN, and by gen-
ii eral consent, the bill was then informally passed
! 'over, and the Senate proceeded to the considera-
tion of Executive business. The doors were soon
afterwards reopened, and *
The Senate adjourned.
