THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES,
30th Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, APPJL 14, 1848.
New Series.....No. 39.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Jipril 11, 1848.
Mr. PALFREY rose, as soon as the Journal
had been read, and moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the joint resolution from the Senate,
tendering the congratulations of the American to
the French people on the consolidation of a French
republic and the principles of liberty, waa passed
yesterday.
The SPEAKER inquired if the gentleman from
Massachusetts voted in the majority.
Mr. PALFREY replied that he did.
The SPEAKER then stated the question to be
on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. PALFREY said he was desirous yesterday
to offer an amendment to the resolutions when they
were pending, but he was prevented by the motion
of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens]
for the previous question. If he had had an op-
portunity, he should have offered the following
resolution as an amendment to be prefixed to the
series of resolutions that were introduced:
Resolved, That no despotism is moie effective tlian that
which exists under the semblance of popular institutions?
and that a great nation emancipated from the contiol of nil
«ligarchy of two hundred thousand voting citi/.ens is entitled
to the congiatulatiuns of every fiicnd of fieedoin.
The French Government lately overthrown (lie
remarked) was said, at the time of its institu-
tion, to be a throne surrounded by popular insti-
tutions, by institutions of a republican character;
and yet it had come to this, that about two hun-
dred thousand voting citizens had wielded the pow-
er of that Republic, and governed some thirty-five
millions of men. They had done it in the way in
which other oligarchies, other monarchies had
done it in other days, without disturbing the forms
of republicanism, acting through the channels of
republican government yet wielding an arbitrary
and tyrannical power, by means of influence, of
bribery, of intimidation, and in other ways. The
time, however, had gone by,and he should not now
offer his amendment. But he would take occa-
sion, which he could have desired to have had
yesterday, to make a remark or two, called forth
by some observations of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Bayly,] whom he saw near him. He
had not heard the gentleman from Virginia dis-
tinctly, though he sat near that gentleman. The
observations of the gentleman from Virginia, as
the gentleman had himself very properly said, had
been very discursive, though certainly interesting
as far as he (Mr. P.J could hear them. I-Ie had
not heard them distinctly, becauso his hearing,
never the quickest, was affected by indisposition
under which he labored.
He was not now proposing to follow the gen-
tleman from Virginia in the general course of his
remarks. He had no means of doing it. He had
sought the means in the newspapers—or rather in
the newspaper, the JValionai Intelligencei—-this
morning, that he might see the remarks of the gen-
tleman From Virginia, and revive his own impres-
sions, and correct any errors into which he might
have fallen. There was no report, however, there;
so that he was thrown entirely on his own very im-
perfect recollection. He was, nevertheless, obliged
to address the House to-day, if at all; for the
privilege of moving a reconsideration, which gave
him the right to address the House, would be ex-
hausted to-morrow.
As he had said, he did not propose to follow
the gentleman from Virginia in the whole range
of his remarks; it was only one or two of the
most important topics which that gentleman had
brought forward that he should touch; and par-
ticularly he wished to correct the gentleman's im-
pression—for he supposed the gentleman from
Virgirtta did not wish to rest under any misappre-
hension, or mislead any of those who reposed
confidence in him—respecting a'certain state of
sentiment and law in Massachusetts to which the
gentleman had alluded. He might, to be sure,
have interrupted the gentleman from Virginia
when he was treating on this topic yesterday, but
he saw the gentleman from Virginia was in much
better hands than in his own—he alluded to his
39
colleague, [Mr. Ashmun.] He was far from saying
that Massachusetts, in this or any particular, en-
tirely conformed to the idea of a perfect common-
wealth. He knew there was nothing perfect here
below, in either the individual or the social state.
He was far from maintaining that the practice of
Massachusetts conformed to her theories. But
•one thing he would tell the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, that Massachusetts was not too old to grow
wiser, and she was growing wiser day by day,
thank God. Massachusetts was a little younger
than Virginia, and if he might draw an inference
from what had fallen from the gentleman from
Virginia, he feared that Virginia was too old to
grow wiser.
The gentleman from Virginia had adverted to the
marriage laws of Massachusetts; and he begged, if
Ins recollection of what the gentleman from Vir-
ginia had said was not correct, that the gentleman
would correct him. Massachusetts saw that there
were people, within her borders of mingled blood.
Mulattoes were born in Massachusetts. Ho pre-
sumed mulattoes were born in Virginia. There
were mulattoes there in 1830, 1843, and 1844. He
stated that fact from his own observation. Well,
Massachusetts thought—her legislative will was—
that if there were to be persons born there of min-
gled blood, there should be no legal obstacle to their
being honestly born; and so she had declared by i
her laws some five or six years ago.
The gentleman from Virginia, in speaking of the
social position of the colored race in Massachu-
setts, had asked if it had been known that a color-
ed man had ever served on a jury. He (Mr. P.)
could not answer that question; but he could tell
the gentleman from Virginia how the laws of Mas-
sachusetts stood on that subject, to the best of his
knowledge and belief. The laws of Massachusetts'
specified no distinction of color among the qualifi-
cations of jury men,and a colored man was as liable
to be draughted to sit in the jury box as a white
man. ^
Mr. BAYLY asked the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to yield the floor for explanation.
Mr. PALFREY assented.
Mr. BAYLY said he had referred to instances
of a universal social feeling repealing the laws of
the Stale.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, inquired what
the question was that was before the House?
The SPEAKER replied, that it was on a motion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Pal-
frey] to reconsider the vote of the House yester-
day adopting the resolutions congratulating the
French on the establishment of a republican gov-
ernment.
Mr. BROWN inquired if those resolutions were
now before the House, and if they had not been
returned to the Senate? And if they had been
returned to the Senate-, if this motion was now in
order?
The SPEAKER explained, that the rules of the
House gave the privilege to move a reconsideration
on the day on which the vole was taken, or on the
day succeeding; and such privilege was not super-
seded by the return of the resolutions to the Sen-
ate. That point had been frequently settled in this
House. He would, however, state, as a matter of
fact, that he understood that the papers were still
in the hands of the Clerk.
Mr. PALFREY then resumed. He said he
was the most helpless man in this House in the
hands of a tactician: the rules might choke him
off from all participation in debate, and he should
not know how to help himself. He once thought
he knew something of parliamentary law; but the
Rules and Orders of this House were an unfathom-
able mystery to him. He believed, however, that
the rules had been applied by the Chair honestly
and justly. He was sometimes fain merely to rise
in his place, as he and the Speaker had been taught
to do when boys at school m New England, raise
his right hand, and say, " Sir, may I speak?"
The gentleman from Virginia had suggested a ease
in which he supposed the laws to be overridden by
public sentiment. Now, he did not know but that
the gentleman from Virginia was right. He (Mr.
P.) had never sat on a. jury ; he had never argued
before a jury; .he had never been tried by a jury.
He knew not, then, how that might be; but this he
knew, that the selectmen of the town placed in a
box the names of those citizens who were eligible
to serve on juries. The law gave them a discretion
as to the names they should place there, and they
were authorized to deposit the names of those that
they thought suitable. -He supposed that the actual
practice would be found to conform to the views
of town officers.
But the gentleman from Virginia had looked a
little higher, and asked if a colored man had been
ever heard of on the bench ?• Now, had a justice's
court a bench? [Mr. Bayly assented.] A justice's
court had a bench; and not many months had pass-
ed since, in his humble capacity of Secretary of
State of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, he
had set the great seal of that Commonwealth to the
commission of a gentleman learned in the law,
who, he believed, was nearly as black as his (Mr.
P.'s)"coat. And if the gentleman from Virginia
should go to Massachusetts, as he (Mr. P.) hoped
he would, and if he got into trouble there, which
he (Mr. P.) hoped he would not, he was as likely
to have justice, tempered with mercy, meted out
to him by that respectable magistrate as by any
other person bearing a judicial commission m the
old Bay State.
The gentleman from Virginia had said some-
thing, foo, about the Legislature. Now, he (Mr.
P.) had been in the Legislature of Massachusetts
in the years 1842 and 1843, and in one of those
years—1842, he believed—it wns said in the House
that a colored man was chosen from one of the
towns of Massachusetts to represent it in the Le-
gislature. He believed he spoke truly on this
question, though he had never seen the election
certificate. He believed the town to which he re-
ferred was the town of Pepperell. [Some gentle-
man remarked that it was the town of Townsend.]
He was informed by a friend near him that it was
the town of Townsend, which was next to Pep-
perell.
Mr. BAYLY. Did ho take his seat?
Mr. PALFREY. That was a very pertinent
question. Hedidnot. If hehad, he(Mr. P.) had
no doubt he would have been treated with proper
respect and courtesy there; and, for anything he
knew, that colored repiescntative might lmve been
chairman of the committee on the Latimer petition,
which reported a law making it highly penal for
the officers of the Commonwealth to employ them-
selves in arresting fugitive negroes, and forbidding
the use of the jails for such a purpose. But he did
not take his seat. Perhaps he had no political
ambition. He (Mr. P.) dared say he was a mod-
est man, and did not desire a seat in the Legisla-
ture. Would not the gentleman from Virginia be
modest about taking a seot in a Legislature where
all its members were of a color different from his
own?
The gentleman from Virginia had alluded to
some other particulars of the social position of those
persons. He would say to that gentleman that
they associate with our children in the public schools
—those institutions which make the great glory of
our Commonwealth, and give her directly and in-
directly that standing which she has in this con-
federacy of republics. After making a few remarks
some weeks ago in this House, which were pub-
lished m the National Intelligencer, he had received
a letter from a gentleman who resided in the town'
of New Bedford, with whom he was not acquaint-
ed,but,on making inquiry from the gentleman who"
represented the tenth congressional district of Mas-
sachusetts, who was now absent, he had learaea
that the writer was a gentleman of wealth, ami
standing, and respectability, and philanthropy, and
education. The writer had given htm some foots
which he believed would be interesting to the gen-
tleman from Virginia, and to other members of
this House. Amongst other things m that letter,
he said;
« rr.u wv this city about twelve to thirteen hundred
colored ppopie, and of that number between three hundred
and t'our tiundred are slaves, or rather were slaves, but have
