610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
emancipated themselves, as Frederick Doug ass would say,
to'pwu*™'htl,eirheel3-' cl^sotpeo? T u"
einnw" to Improve themselves. The signs are already vis-
fbie both as to deportment and mental improvement. Last
rear the first scholar in our high school (which is among the
first in the State)was a colored girl—one who was far above
an others, (I think in all the branches,) and one whose com-
position would have done no discredit to a graduate of Har-
vard. * * * In addition to this, there are two colored
boys m our public schools, each ot whom is as black as
possible, and who stand at the very head of their classes in
mathematics. Moreover, there is a colored girl who,though
not the first, was among the fiist of her class when she grad-
uated in our high school about two years since, who has
since established an infant school among the colored chil-
dren. * * « Th^re is ako a colored man here who is
worth twenty thousand dollars, who has within a few years
twk-e visited France, and travelled, who speaks French with
accuracy, and is quite a good Latin scholar, and moreover
somewhat of a pott, and of aootf moral character. There
are some others worth from two to tan thousand dollars."
Mr. P. said he would add, that he had lately
known something of a charming boy, whom God,
in his providence, had seen fit to take away.
[Voices: "Charming!" "A charming negro!"]
Yes, (said Mr. P.,) I said the word, and I do not
take it bade because of the sneers of gentlemen.
The expression was unpremeditated, but the re-
ception it meets only attracts my attention to its
propriety. I do not know what there is that has
a charm for rightly-thinking men if it be not moral
and intellectual excellence. I repeat it, a charming
and most interesting colored boy, who, as his in-
structor, an accomplished and experienced teacher,
informed me, was the best scholar he had in all the
departments of the institution ; a youth of amiable
manners and gentlemanly and correct deportment
in all respects—one who inspired respect and regard
among all his white associates. He was fitted for
the oldest university in the country. But God took
him away. Had his life been spared, that youth
would now have been in that oldest of American
universities. He would there have been the equal
associate, perhaps the successful competitor of Mr.
P.'s own son, and of the son of a gentleman from
South Carolina, not now in his place. Mr. P. could
say, for his own son, that had he not treated this
lad with every demonstration of respect and good
will, his father would not have feit for him'that
esteem and confidence which he now feit.
Mr. P. said, he had no wish to depart from the
regular and otderiy course of business in the
House. He had been led into the course of re-
mark in which he had indulged by some of the
remarks of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bayly.] who did not, he was very sure, desire to
remain under a misapprehension of the true state
of facts in regard to which he was speaking.
Before he resumed his seat, he would add one word
in regard to the action of the Senate of Virginia re-
specting his lamented friend, Mr. Adams. Mr. P.
supposed that his colleague [Mr. Ashjton] had not
meant to express displeasure at what had been
done by that body. Certainly Mr. P. felt none.
Honesty was first of all the virtues, and one which
Mr. P. ever desired to maintain both in himself
and others. lie would not praise the dead be-
cause they weredsad. Let his tongue be palsied
before it uttered commendation of some departed
men, prominent in American history, of whom he
had heard animated laudations in that House. He
held that the Senate of Virginia ought, in their
course of public action, to be true to the opinions
they held. The misfortune was, not that they acted
according to their opinions, but that they held such
opinions. They could not sympathize with that
great life; they were unable to appreciate its noble
aims, and they were right in not saying that they
did. But other times were coming for Virginia.
The time was coming, perhaps was not very far
off, that her sons, when showing her public records
to a stranger, would turn over "that leaf hastily, as
not liking to remember or to dwell upon it. The
days were hastening on when Virginia would
again come to the van of public opinion. She had
stood there once—she would stand there again.
If the great State of Virginia, for a quarter of a
century, had not exerted any appreciable influence
in the councils of this nation, it could never be for-
gotten that her influence had once been great and
salutary, and it would be again; she possessed
material, which, under better appliances than what
now existed, would yet make its due contribution
to the glory of the" Republic. And when that
bright day should come, then, he repeated it,
would this be turned hastily over as a defaced leaf
in her history. The gentleman remembered the
msewptioti written on the monument of MoiiSre.
who had failed, by one or two votes, of admission ;;
into the French Academy. On his death the Acad- '!
emy decreed him a monument in their own hall, on jj
which, by their order, this was written; "-Nothing ;;
was wanting to his glory: he teas wanting to ours."*
So it might be said of this proceeding of the Senate
of "Virginia: her condolence was not wanting to the j|
glory of Mr. Adams; but a due expression of regret j!
at his loss was wanting to hers. 1:
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, desired to inter- !l
pose one question; and (Mr. P. yielding) said: The ;
gentleman told them if that " charming" young !:
black had not been called hence, he would have been !;
the associate of his son in one of the oldest univer- ,,
sities of the State; and if his son had not treated his ' I
associate with proper respect, he would thereby .
have forfeited the consideration of hisparent. Now,
his question was, would the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts be willing to see that interesting, talent- ,
ed, "charming" negro boy, become the married
companion of his own daughter? il
Mr. PALFREY said, the gentleman from Ten- |i
nessee inquires whether I would introduce such a j't
young person as I have described to the acquaint- ;j
ance of the female members of my family. The j,
question was of a nature very foreign from that of
the academical association of young men. There
were various conventional circumstances having re-
lation to the habits of social life, which would deter-
mine his mind in such a case, and which the gen-
tleman from Tennessee could estimate as well as
himself. The gentleman, he supposed, was able to
put much stronger questions than that, which was
answered by seating that he would introduce no
female of his family to the society of any person
i who, for reasons operating on the minds either of
! his family or their friends, he might know would
I be disagreeable, either on account of anything per-
sonal to himself, or weighing upon him because of
the habits or views of others.
The definite object for which he had risen, was
to move a reconsideration of the resolution of the
Senate, so that it might be amended by the sub-
stitution of the language of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephen's.] He considered that
proposed amendment as fully meeting the case,
and as very happily expressed. Mr. P. said he
dreaded the resolution on the tabie. He had, in-
deed, voted for it, because he did not like on such
I an occasion to sit silent, and because he was un-
j willing to vote " nay" on such an occasion. In
: yielding his vote, he had done it rather in favor of
| what he supposed the resolution was intended to
convey, than that which it actually expressed.
Mr. P. would not speak in a disrespectful tone
of any gentleman in the House, nor did he know ■■
who it was that had draughted this resolution; but,
to speak the real truth, he did not know what it ;
meant. If anybody knew what "consolidating the
principles of liberty" meant, and that the French
had done it, he knew more than Mr. P., which, ;
to be sure, was not saying much. [A laugh.] (i
No; the langupge was French, and sadly modern ,
Fiench, too. Ko such French could be got out of
thepages of Voltaire. It was theFrench ofCousm,
and that school. For aught he knew, the phrase
in question might have been drawn from some of
the speeches or papers of Lamartine, in whose
proclamations and harangues, while there were
many very good things, there were others like
those of a much greater character, " some things
, hard to be understood."
; The French loved a brilliant saying as well as I
j anybody; o.nu they might be gratified by the en- j
thusiastic sympathy which our resolutions were
intended to express; but they were a people of very '
rigid taste, and had as keen a sense of the ridicu-
lous; and Mr. P. confessed he should not like to
be present when this resolution should be read in
the French legislative hall, for he vetiiy believed i
it would excite such merriment as would be little 1
flattering to our national vanity. He hoped, for the ,
sake of our own good taste and exactness, that the
resolution would be reconsidered and amended. ;
Mr. KAUFMAN obtained the floor, and moved ■
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table; but ,,
consented to withdraw it at the earnest solicitation ,
and remonstrance of i
Mr. BAYLY, who said he should not reply to i!
the gentleman from Massachusetts with any asper- '
ity. There was so much of the man that was the
* " Rien ne manquait & sa gloire j
I) jnanqruait & Ja ndtre."
gentleman, so much propriety of conduct and of
manner about him, that, much as Mr. B. abhorred
the principles he held, he should not attempt, in
his reply to his remarks on this occasion, to give
any expression to his feelings. But it was due to
himself, that he should add a few words to his
reply to the other gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Ashmch.]
But before he did so, he must say a few words
in reply to the gentleman who had last spoken,
[Mr. Palfrey.]" And, in the first place, that gen-
tleman had said that Mr. B. was in error in regard
to the legislation of Massachusetts. Now, if the
gentleman had heard his remarks distinctly, as he
i had said he did not, he ccruld not but have been
. struck with the fact, that in all he had said in rela-
■ tion to the legislation of the States,of this Union
on the subject of free negroes, he had carefully ex-
cepted Massachusetts. He had repeated that ex-
; ception with particularity more than once, and the
: reason must he obvious. He knew the general
i fact that there had been of late much legislation m
; Massachusetts on that subject, but he was not
; fully aware of the precise extent to which it hail
' gone. Most of the remarks he had made m
j reference particularly to Massachusetts he had
I made on the statements and suggestions of others,
j But, after all, he did not think the gentleman had
! pointed out any very important errors into which
! he had fallen. He l.vd one other remark to make
; on this point. He had said that Massachusetts
; had made it a penal offence for her magistrates to
I assist in the delivering up of fugitive slaves, and
\ had prohibited the use of her jails for any such
! purpose. He recollected those laws perfectly well,
i and had intended to refer to them i:i his reply to
: the gentleman [Mr. Ashmun] on yesterday, but
' in the hurry of an unpremeditated speech he had
forgotten to refer to the assertion of that gentleman
that his State was willing to abide by the corapro-
, mise of the Constitution. He would therefoie ad-
vert to that subject now, because he should dwell
upon it more at large in his printed remarks, should
he hereafter write out his speech and amplify it as
he proposed to do for publication. The gentleman
had sard that he himself was willing and his State
was willing to abide by the Constitution as it stood,
and that in reference to the subject of slavery he
was willing to stand by the compromises on which
that instrument had "been formed. Let him ask
the gentleman whether in passing such laws as
these his State was doing that?
Mr. ASHMUN. Yes; she is.
Mr. BAYLY. No; she is not. The United
States courts have declared precisely the reverse.
Mr. B. quoted the following clause of the Consti-
tution: " No person held to service or labor in one
'State, under the laws thereof, escaping into an-
' other, shall, in consequence of any law or regula-
s tion therein, be discharged from such service or
' labor, hut shall be delivered up on chim of the
' party to whom such service or labor may be
' due."
Judge Story, a jurist who was the boast and
glory of the gentleman's own State, in comment-
ing on this clause in the Constitution, observed,
that it contemplated a summary ministerial pro-
ceeding not in conformity with the rules of the
common law. That commentator laid emphasis
on the expression " delivered up on the claim of
the party to whom," &c. And so said the United
States Supreme Court. In 1793 Congress had
passed a law to carry out this constitutional pro-
vision: and that law made it the duty of the State
magistrates to assist in the surrender of such fugi-
tives.
Mr. ASHMUN. "Will you show me the law
which maKes any such requirement.
Mr. BAYLY. Yes, I will. Hand me the vol-
ume of the Laws of the United States, and I will
show it.
The Constitution of the United States, he said,
declared that the Constitution, and the laws passed
in pursuance of it, should be the supreme law of
the land. The constitutionality of the law gf 1793
had come before the Supreme Court in the case of
Sprigg asrainst the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania; and the members of the court, with a single
dissenting voice, had pronounced it to be in ac-
cordance with the Constitution, and therefore the
law of the land. Yet the State of Massachusetts,
with this doctrine taught by her own great jurist,
and this decision of the court of last resort staring
her in the face, has set at nought this supreme law
