1B48.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
611
of the land by a law of her own—a law that was
*so designed. She had done more; she had ex-
tended the right of trial by jury to these fugitives;
she had also authorized negroes to sit upon juries,
according to the gentleman who had just spoken;
and thus the case of a runaway negro' might come
before a jury of negroes (who might themselves
liave been runaways) for trial. It was idle to tell
him that this important clause of the Constitution
—a clause which had been made an indispensable
condition by the southern States before they would
sanction, the Constitution—had not been nullified
by the State of Massachusetts. With what pro-
priety, then, could the gentleman come here and
say that his State was willing to stand by the Con-
stitution as it was? Did not public sentiment there
make the enforcement of the rights of a slave-
bolder impossible?
Mr. GIDDiNGS here asked leave of Mr. B. to
make an explanation.
Mr. BAYLY having assented—
Mr. GiDDINGS said he would state the point
sis it existed. He understood the gentleman from
Virginia {Mr. Bayly] to say that the United States
law of 1793 made u the duty of State officers to
arrest a fugitive slave, or to assist in his arrest.
He called on the gentleman to show in what part
•of that law any such provision was contained. If
the gentleman could find «jy such clause in it,
from beginning to end, Mr. G. was leady to ac-
knowledge that he had made some progress in
knowledge to-day.
Mr. BAYLY said it was of course impossible
for him to stop now to examine the details of a
law. Could he possibly have anticipated that such
a point would be made, he would have examined
the 'law taforehand.
Mr. McLANE explained, that, as he understood
the decision of the Supreme Court in regard to
the act of 1793, the Supreme Court had decided
that the clause in the Constitution which provided
for the arrest of fugitive# from labor executed itself
so far as the fugitive could be ariested without
illegal violence; but, as such remedy would be very ;
insufficient, the court ftuther decided that Congress
was bound to provide legislative remedy, and that
this legislative power of Congress was exclusive;
and that no Slate could interfere to qutthfy or re-
strain the remedy provided by the act of 1793; the
magistrates named mthataet might, if they pleased,
execute the law, and if State legislation interfered
*o forbid them, such legislation was unconstitu-
tional. The act of Massachusetts refusing the use
of her jails was an attempt indirectly to restrain
the remedy provided by the act of 1793, and in
spirit it wa* unconsliliUiomd.
Mr. GIDDINGS wished this matter clearly un-
derstood, bccauseit was tin important point. Know-
ing the legal science of the gendemun fioni Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Bayly,! and the ardor of his desire to
have it established according to Ins own views, he
had looked into it with an anxious desne to know
Whether the gentleman was right or himself, and
he would now point out the result of that exami-
nation.
Butjie must begin by going back of the law of
1793. He would go all the way back to the adop-
tion of the Constitution, and give a historical de-
tail of the action both of the Convention and of
Congress on this subject, as well as the decisions
of the Supreme Court, ujid the legislation of the
States. In the Convention, a-mcmber from South
Carolina offered, as an amendment to the reported
draught of the Constitution, a clause declaring that
the free States  ho.uld arrest a fugitive slave coming
within their limits in the same manner as they
•would a fugitive from justice. Whereupon, a mem-
ber from Pennsylvania (Mr. Wilson) instantly
rose And objected to the adoption of the amend-
ment, because it would involve the people of the
fiee States m the arrest of slaves—that is, in the
expense of it; and he was followed on the same
side by a gentleman from Connecticut; and the
result was, that the amendment was rejected with-
out a division.
The rejection was put upon the ground that it
would involve the people of the free States in the
arresting of slaves. And he would say that the
intention of the people in thus refusing to be laid
under any such obligation had been carried out by
the Supreme Court. The true doctrine of the court
was, that the people of the free States could not
legislate either to aid the arrest of slaves or to hin-
der that axreut. They had nothing1 to do in the
matter. The soil of the free States was a common
race-ground for the slave and his master, and the
Governments of those States were not to interfere
between them. They were neither to surrender
up the slave nor to prevent his master catching him,
if he could. The master must be suffered to come
and catch his own slave as he could. The law of
1793 carried out that principle; it did not make it
the duty of the free States to aid the master in ar-
resting his slave. There was no legal process by
which to arrest a fugitive slave. When the mas-
ter overtook and seized.him without process, then
the law made it the duty of the State magistrate to
give him a certificate of the fact; and so far the
court had pronounced the law to be unconstitu-
tional.
Mr. VINTON said, as he understood the de-
cision, it made no distinction between slavehold-
iug States and States not slaveholding. No State
could arrest a fugitive, whether it waa a free State
or a slave State, under the law of the United States.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Certainly; the court made
no distinction. The law left the master to arrest
his own slave, and then the magistrate commenced
his action; but the court had pronounced this to be
unconstitutional.
Mr. BAYLY (resuming) said that the interrup-
tion of the gentleman had given him time to exam-
ine the law, and he was not mistaken. He had
said, and he repeated it, with the law before him,
which he thanked the gentleman from Ohio for
handing to him, that the law of 1793 made it the
duty of State officers to assist—that was lus state-
ment—in removal, by his master or his agent or
attorney, of his fugitive slave. Itdid so in express
terms. As he hail been contradicted on that point,
he desired to read the section:
''Slc.o. ~h><n>r it fitifkt'T cnrcfc/l, Tluit when a poison
iK'Id to labor itt aav (if The tjmted sUatc-. <>i m c«rln r <>l ih<-
Tc«  uomcson tlio northwest "t south ol the mer Ohio, und.-i
the law-* thcK otj .-lionlii e-cape into anv uihci of llu; haul
Slates ot Tomtom*., the person to whom -nel) lahoi <>i sei-
Vicc ma)'he due, hi* ajreni o> attorney,li«rel>y cm powered
to seize or ane.-i such lusjiiive fiom labia, and to take Imn
or her before any .bulge of the ciicutl or district courts of tile
United Staler, letmliug or being witiim tlu; State, or bc/ow
any magistrate of a count}/, city or town corporate, whncni
skc/i seizure or arrest should be m<u!e; ond upon i-rooj, to the
satisfaction of such jud^e or mwiislrale, either by oral tosti-
ijjoay or affidavit taUcii before, and certified by, a mayi-Utate
of any s-uch State or Teiritoty, thai the person «o seised or
arresttiil doth, under the laws of (he State orTeiritoiy from
which lie or blie fled, owe service or labor to the person
claiming him or her, it should be the duty of Mich jurtyc or
magistrate to ^ive a certificate thereof to such claimant, hid
agent <>r attorney, which should be miOumciu warrant loi le-
movimj; the said fugitive fiom tabor to the State or Terutory
front which lie or she fled."
That law made it the duty of the Slate magis-
trates to assist in the riurender to the owner, agent,
or attoi ney of these fugitive slaves. The Supreme
Court of the United States had decided that that
law whs constitutional, in the case of Piiggagainst
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
Mr. COLLAMER, (in his Meat.) That part of it.
Yes, that part of it, (said Mr. B.) He knew
perfectly well what that decision was. He had read
it at the time. It was several years since, but he
undertook to state what that decision was. There
were three leading points made in the case: one was,
that the Constitution executed itself—that no legis-
lation either on the part of Congress orof the State
Legislatures was contemplated, and therefore that
this law was unconstitutional; another point was,
that Congress Ixad the right of legislation, and of
exclusive legislation; the third point was,that there
was a concurrent power of legislation on this sub
jeot in
Congress and in the State Legislatures, with
this difference, that the States might pass laws in
aid and furtherance of the laws of Congress* but
that they could not pass a law in contravention of
the law of Congress. These were the points made
in the ease. What was the decision ? Mr. Jus-
tice Baldwin, of Pennsylvania, was of the opinion,
as he (Mr.B.) was told, that the constitutional pio-
vision was ample in itself; that the law of 1793 was
therefore unnecessary; and that the Constitution
gave the right to the master, or his agent or attor-
ney, without the interference of any officer or any-
body, to go and take lus slave who had got into a
free State precisely as he would his horse if he
went there, and bring him back, without any other
authority than that which the Constitution pro-
vided. And he maintained that any legislation of
the States going to impair this provision wa3 un-
constitutional. A majority of the judges of the
court—Mr. Justice Story delivering the opinion-—
decided that the Constitution did contemplate legis-
lation, and that that legislation was exclusively in
Congress; and that the State Governments had no
right to legislate on the subject at all. That was
the decision of the court. But three judges—the
Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Daniel, of Virginia, and
Smith Thompson, of New York-^gave their opin-
ion that the right of legislation was concurrent; that
Congress might legislate on the subject with pro-
priety, and that the law of 1793 was therefore con-
stitutipnal; and that the State Legislatures might
legislate m aid, not in contradiction, or ralher, in
better law language, not in contravention of the law
of 1793, or of the Constitution; that they might
make further provisions in aid of the law of Con-
gress on the subject. His (Mr. B.'s) own opin-
ion was very distinctly that that opinion gave the
true law of die subject. But that was not neces-
sary to his present argument. For the point he
meant to make on Massac husetts he would abide
by the decision of the majority, delivered by her
own distinguished jurist. He had decided that this
law was constitutional. The court had «o decided.
The Constitution said that the laws of Congress,
made in pursuance of the Constitution, are the su-
preme law of the land,anything in the Constitu-
tion or laws of any State to the contrary notwith-
standing.1'
This decision staring Massachusetts in the face,
what had she done? She had undertaken to forbid
not only her officers, but, if he was not mistaken,
her citizens, to aid in any manner in the recapture
of fugitive slaves. Now lie begged gentlemen to
tell hint how this constitutional rij ht, secured to
etery slaveholder in the Union, was to be exer-
cised without the aid of the citizeis of that State,
-when fugitive slavt s escaped tlutlu r? Did the Con-
stitution contemplate that he was to go there with*
his posse from the slave State to execute his rights ?
It contemplated, most clearly, and the law of 1793,
which had been decided to be constitutional, de-
clared explicitly, in express terms, that the Slate and
local authorities should exert their power in aid-
But suppose he was wrong in this matter—as
most clearly he was not—the Supreme Court of
the United States had decided, in accordance with
the opiuion of Mr. Justice Story, in his Comment-
aries, that a proceeding according to the rules of
the common law—that was, a trial—was not con-
templated by the Constitution; and that the person
was to be surrendered up on the claim of the party,
riot on the suit of the party. Mr. Justice Story
had also said, that the question of the legality or
illegality of the claim could not be incpihed into in
the free States, and so had Mr. Justice Washing-
ton also decided. They held, that the moment the
fact was established that he was held in the State
from which he fled as a slave, whether rightful or
wrongful, he must be delivered up and turned over
to the Stale wheucc he came, to have the question
of legality theic decided.
But what had Massachusetts done? She had
provided for and authorized a trial of the case by
fury. The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
'Ashmun] said he was mistaken; that Massachu-
setts had not extended the ri$ht of trial by jury to
these fugitives. Such was his (Mr. B.'s) impies-
sion; the gentleman might he belter informed; but
he'did know that other'States had—that Pennsyl-
vania had, and New Yoik had, and so had others.
He had had the honor atone time to represent his
Slate, as chairman of the committee, in conducting
the controversy between Virginia and New York
in reference to this very question. The law of
New York went before her own courts, and the
supreme court of New York decided, almost unan-
imously, that the State law on that subject was
unconstitutional: her own highest judicial tribunal
decided it. And yet this State, that claimed to stand
by the provisions of the Constitution as they were
framed, had virtually nullified that provision of
that instrument! He put it to the gentleman from
Ohio or the gentleman from Massachusetts, ana
asked them if this risrht was not a barren and a
remediless right in Massachusetts? He asked, if
he went to Massachusetts to-morrow—where lie
had been invited by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts— and carried with Imn bl? ™n'; j' f
travelled with him everywhere, and whose attend-
ance upon him and his family was necessary,-if
he went there, he asked the gentleman >f her courts
and citizens would not force that man or woman
out of his possession, even "against heir remon-
strance? It had been done and would be again;
and his owo impression was, that, anxious as he
