1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
618
•There was one other remark that he had intend-
ed to make yesterday, but it had escaped him. It
■was due from him to an old and esteemed friend.
The gentleman from Massachusetts had under-
taken to assail Mr.'Ritchie, the editorof the Union,
for commenting on his course in this House. Now,
he (Mr. B.) thought the House would bear him
witness that what he had said was quite as offen-
sive as what Mr. Ritchie had said; it therefore
would have been as proper if the gentleman from
Massachusetts had vented his wrath on him (Mr.
B.) who was privileged to reply, and not on a gen-
tleman who had no seat on this floor and enjoyed
no such privilege.
Mr. KAUFMAN again moved to lay the motion
to reconsider-on the table.
Mr. ASHMUN desired the gentleman from
Texas to withdraw that motion, to give him an
opportunity to reply; to which Mr. Kaufman,
after some conversation, assented.
Mr. ASHMUN was proceeding to address the
House, when—
Mr. McLANE rose to a point of order.
After an explanation from the Speaker, who
decided that Mr. Ashmun had the floor, the gen-
tleman from Texas having withdrawn his motion
to lay on the table, Mr. McLane waived his point
of order. ,
Mr. ASHMUN again essayed to address the
House, but was interrupted by
Mr. SAWYER, who said the House was not
now in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, but was considering a motion to recon-
sider the vote of yesterday giving a vote of thanks
to France. TLanghter.] The gentlemen, how-
ever, who took part in this debate were discussing
the question of abolition, which appeared to him
to be irrelevant to the subject under consideration.
He asked the Chair to decide if the debate which
had been going on this morning was or was not in
order?
The SPEAKER replied that the gentleman from
Ohio was too late in his objection in regard to those
gentlemen who had already spoken, to whose re-
marks the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
AsHMON,las the Chair understood, was about to
reply. He would remark, that the general ques-
tion involved the subject of slavery in the French
West India Islands, and thus the question to which
the gentleman from Ohio had alluded came up.
The Chair, however, was ready to admit that the
debate had assumed a wide range, which he did
not now feel at liberty to interrupt, inasmuch as it
had been continued so long by general consent.
Mr. MEADE inquired if the motion to lay on
the table was debatable?
The SPEAKER replied, that a motion to-lay on
the table was not debatable; but there was no such
motion pending.
Mr. ASHMUN said, after gentlemen had ex-
hausted their ingenuity in attempts to silence him,
he would proceed. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bayly] had now occupied the attention
of the House with three separate prolonged ha-
rangues. Yes; for three sgyeral hours he had
fretted himself on this floor, and he had fretted no-
body else. Yet, notwithstanding all the roughness
of manner, and the overbearing, supercilious de-
portment which the gentleman from Virginia had
manifested towards him (Mr. A.) and other mem-
bers of this House, he would say that he had no
unpleasant personal feeling towards that gentle-
man, for he knew not but it might have been oc-
casioned by the manner of his education, and that
it was a habit which he had acquired towards those
•whom he was born to command.
Mr. McLANE said it was with extreme regret
he rose to call the gentleman from Massachusetts
to order. He was thoroughly convinced that a
greater breach of order had never been committed
, in this House than had been here witnessed under
this privilege of courtesy. He was satisfied that
the gentleman from Massachusetts was entitled to
reply, but he was just as well satisfied that he was
wrong, in making that reply, to introduce this gen-
eral subject.
The SPEAKER called the attention of the gen-
tleman from Maryland to the fact that he had not
stated any point of order.
Mr. McLANE said he supposed that, m stating
his point of order, he could make a brief explana-
tion. His point was, that the gentleman from
Massachusetts was going into a general debate,
when, in good faith, he should discuss the subject
before the House, which was a persona! explana-
tion, to make which his understanding was that the
gentleman from Texas had yielded him the floor.
The SPEAKER corrected the mistake of the
gentleman from Maryland. The gentleman fiom
Texas had yielded the floor altogether, and not for
any particular purpose.
Mr. McLANE said he had entertained a differ-
ent impression.
Mr. ASHMUN again proceeded. The gentle-
man from Virginia had indulged in a tone and appa-
rent temper—he said apparent temper, for he might
have mistaken the gentleman after all—a tone and
apparent temper which was unfitted forthis House.
What brought this feeling into this House' Who
commenced it? Whence came personality into
this debate? Did not the gentleman from Virginia
rise here in his place, and on a mere proposition
of his (Mr. A.'s) pour on him a series of abusive
epithets and denunciations which yesterday he
(Mr. A.) characterized as more fitting a plantation
than this Hall? And now the gentleman from Vir-
ginia rises, and with that audacity of manner
which he could sometimes assume, stated that he
(Mr. A.) had passed over him [Mr. B.] to attack
his friend, Mr. Ritchie. Now, there was nothing
in either the position or character of the gentleman
from Virginia that placed that gentleman above
him (Mr. A.) in this House. lie was that gen-
tleman's equal and no more; and on 110 occasion
would he submit to such remarks as had fallen
from that gentleman, which, to say the least, were
very inappiopriate. He (Mr. A.) had commented
011 both the remarks of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia and the comments of the venerable editor of
the Union, because both of them had indulged in
remarks on him personally. He had done it be-
cause both happened to represent the same fcitatc,
and both seemed to be animated by the same
spirit. He' had done so because both seemed to
be animated by the same spirit that actuated an
accidental majority in the Senate of Virginia, who
had refused to join their fellow-citizens in the adop-
tion of resolutions expressive of their feelings on
the death of Mr. Adams. He had spoken of this
the other day, and yet the gentleman, as if ho be-
lieved it, t\nu as if he wished the House and the
country to believe it, now charged that he (Mr.
A.) had avoided him and attacked Mr. Ritchie be-
cause he knew that Mr. Ritchie had not the right
to reply.
Mr. BAYLY said if he had the opportunity,
after the gentleman hud done, he would make some
remarks on this subject; but he wished to say now
that the gentleman from Massachusetts was stating
his remarks incorrectly. He had not said that the
gentleman from Massachusetts had avoided bun
to attack Mr. Ritchie; but he said that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts might have confined his
remarks to him, and not extended them to a gen-
tleman who had not the privilege of a reply.
Mr. ASHMUN said the gentleman from Vir-
ginia might now put his language in that form and
he would accept it in that shape; hut the gentleman
from Virginia would not be safe in taking the tes-
timony of those who surrounded him as to what
he had said. He repeated, however, that he ac-
cepted thegentleman's explanation. The gentleman
from Virginia said he had attacked Mr. Ritchie,
who had not the privilege to reply. Why, Mr.
Ritchie was heie, he believed, at this moment,
occupyinga member's seat,in violation of the rules
of the House, writing abusive articles of members
of Congress, and he had a press at his command,
which was more potent than any voice in this Hall,
and he exercised it whenever he saw fit, and he,
(Mr. A.) did not choose to attempt to restrict him
in the exercise of it, but he claimed fur himself the
same right to speak for himself. The editor of the
Unionhaddenouncedhim in his paper,and throu^;h
the same medium he could reply; he had not, there-
fore, attacked the editor of the Union because he
had no right or opportunity to reply.
Mr. BAYLY denied that he had said the gentle-
man from Massachusetts had attacked the editor
of the Union because he had not an opportunity to
reply. He had remarked that thegentleman from
Massachusetts had attacked the editor of the Union,
who had not the privilege to reply on this floor,
while he (Mr. B.) had, and that it would have been
quite as proper if the gentleman from Massachu-
setts had confined his remarks to himself, who had
spoken quite as pointedly of him as Mr. Ritchie
had.
Mr. ASHMUN said it was not for thegentleman
fiom Virginia to dictate to Jiim how he should eon-
fine his remarks. When he saw characteristic re-
marks in the public press—remailts similar to those
delivered by thegentleman on this floor—he should
exercise his own judgment as to the manner in
which he should treat them. He bad Had no dif-
ficulty in discoveringa similarity of feeling between
the gentleman from Virginia and the editor of the
Union, and he found no fault with the commenda-
tion which the gentleman from Virginia had be-
stowed on his venerable friend, the editor of the
Union, who throws it back, through the columns
of his newspaper, on the distinguished orator of
Virginia. If the gentleman and the editor of the
Union found any comfort and consolation in this
mutual admiration and commendation, he certainly
should not attempt todisturbin the slightest degreo
the harmony which seemed just now to exist be-
tween them. How long it had existed, or what
had been their former relations, otheis could tell.
Yesterday the gentleman from Virginia had in-
formed the House, that unpremeditatedly Ife had
replied to remarks which he (Mr. A.) had made
after a week's preparation. Now, the circum-
stances weie known to the House, and therefore
he need not say that he (Mr. A.) hud been desi-
rous to proceed when he had obtained the floor,
after a lengthened debate just at evening, but there
was a manifest reluctance on the partol the Houso
to continue the debate at that time, and an adjourn-
ment took place. The gentleman from Vuginia
knew full well, that up to yesterday, there had
been no opportunity to get the floor,though, as the
newspapers had recorded, he had several days in
succession attempted to get the House to take the
subject up. He knew full well, too, that on the
morning after the attack had been made on him by
the gentleman from Virginia, ho had given hiin an
intimation that he should move to take the subject
up at the earliest moment; and yet the gentleman,
with the same time for preparation, came here and
told the House, with an evident feeling of superi-
ority, in which he was so much accustomed to
enwrap himself, that he was then, and on all occa-
sions, ready to reply impromptu to that which he
(Mr. A.) had had a week to prepare. And the gen-
tleman from Virginia to-day had taken advantage
of a renewal of this debate, to renew his attack on
him, (Mr. A.,) which he some time since began.
Not content with his exhibition of yesterday,after,
he (Mr. A.) hoped, sleeping soundly upon it, en-
couraged, perhaps, by the eulogy on his proceed-
ings which appeared in the government paper this
morning, in which the government editor announ-
ced to the whole Democracy that the. gentleman
fiom Virginia had " used him up," became here
again, and exhibited so little, magnanimity over a
fallen foe Again and again, like Falstafl, he gave
the deadly thrusts at a piostrate foe, and " thrice
he slew the slain." [Laughter.] Was that Vir-
ginui chivalry? the spirit which the gentle-
man from Virginia had exhibited throughout, the
Virginia spirit of which he proclaimed himself to
be the exponent ? He hoped not; he believed not.
He believed there was 110 other gentleman from
Virginia, of either party, that would take the course
which thatgentleman had done. He trusted there
was not another in the State. But the gentleman
from Virginia had madeanother point in his speech,
which he was preparing to write out and extend
to such a reasonable length, that his constituents
would throw aside their numerous newspapers
when it came, that they might be able to read it—
he had charged him (Mr. A.) this morning with
asserting that which he knew was not true—with
saying that the gentleman from Virginia was not
the proper exponent of Virginia feeling. Now,
he (Mr. A.) believed that many of the extreme
notions of the gentleman were held by Virginia,
and he had never attempted to say otherwise; bu
what he had intended to say was, that the g.enl1®"
man was not the proper exponent of the sP'rlt
Virginia, and of the feelings of the men10
State, in his manner and tone on this ttoo .
had referred especially to the cor'd"®1 , %vii-
• ate of Virginia, in relation to the death of Mr.
! Adams, ami he (Mr. A.) knew the gentleman was
I not the exponent of the feelings and spmt ot the
men of Virginia on that subject, for he understood
! She popular Assembly passed the resoluuons unani-
mously. He appealed then to the record of that
foctto sustain the position which he bad essumed,
by which it would appear that the popular repre-
