614
( State, forgetting ail past
gentative J ^ (ir>rtmmous}y the resolutions
party ,n jori«'y of the aristo-
cratic body had refused to pass. He thought he
liad here justification for saying that the gentleman
was not tie exponent of the feelings of the people
of Virginia. . .
He came now to make a few remarks m relation
to another point which the gentleman from Vir-
ginia had stated and urged with the confidence
which'usuaily characterized the exposition of his
oracular knowledge, and he (Mr. A.) should not
devote much time to it. The gentleman from V n«-
£iriia had promised to write out his speech on this
subject, but when he read the decision in the case
of Prigg, to which he (Mr. A.) now called his
attention, he thought he would not write out the
speech as he had promised.
What was the position of the free States of the
North? Massachusetts and the other free States
were content to stand on the Constitution as it is.
He stated whatthe history of the freeStates proved.
But the gentleman from Virginia bad cited the
case of the Legislature of Massachusetts to show
an instance in which she had violated the principles
of the Constitution and the rights of the slavehold- jj
ing States. The gentleman had told them, that jj
by the Constitution of the United States, slaves ^
escaping from labor should be given up on the j
claim ol* the person to whom such service was :
due. He had also set forth the law of Congress of
1793, which provided that when a person's claim
was brought before a magistrate, and the magis-
trate was satisfied, he must give a certificate. That
was true. And what had Massachusetts doner
Had she interfered more than to say that the Con-
gress of the United Slates—the national Govern-
ment—had no power over State officers ? Why,
the gentleman came from a State that was an ex-
treme stickler for State rights—a State that passed
the resolutions of 1798—and yet he came here and
argued that the Congress of the United States had
power to require official acts from State officers;
and that a law of a State forbidding these officers
to do these acts, was a violation of the Constitu-
tion. The gentleman contended that this Con
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
-debate; but when itdegewerated to personal attacks,
he had no desire to take part in it. But here was a
high and an important question, to which neither
the gentlemen of the North nor of the South had
* i i I *.1. . i .   .
hanar him. There was no law by which they
could do it.
Mr. CABELL rose to a point of order.
the gentlemen 01 me norin 1101- ui me «uum ..«<* .. Mr. THOMPSON, °f^eitn1^^
paid the attention which its importance demanded; ■■ same time, and said beJel''' S be
and, therefore, he had requested the gentleman >, more especially because lie *"ew " ™° !d
from Massachusetts to give him an opportunity to , grievance to his friend from.Ohio,M.Ja dd^ J
correct a misstatement which had been made. ■, -to mate a point of order. The ge "eJ^ *a3
When the gentleman from Virginia, on this floor, I addressmghimselfto thequestion before|theH u ,
had stated it to be the duty oftl.e free States to ; the gentleman well knew that; and 1«««oTopin-
arrest fugitives from labor, baaing his statement on | ion that this scene had continued long enou3n.
the law of '93, he, (Mr. G.,) m live sincerity of his j
heart, had asked the gentleman from Virginia to
from
read the law t'ov himself. He (Mr. G.) had
thrown out the defiance to the gentleman that he
; could find no such law, and the gentleman from
j Virginia had replied that, if he could find the law,
i he would read it. He had here the law, and he
j believed it contained no sneh provision as the ■
gentleman from Virginia seemed to suppose, re-
1 quiring the arrest of fugitive slaves, or any mter-
I lcrence whatever by the authorities or people of
i the free Slates. He would now read the law, be- .
j cause the gentleman from Virginia, after he had ;
| furnished him with it, had passed over a very im-
| portant consideration to which he had called the !
| gentleman's attention. * i
[Mr. G. here read the third section of the law I
of 1793.] . „ ,
Now, that to which he wished to call the atten-
tion of the House and of the country was this,
that there was no provision there whatever autho-
The SPEAKER desired the gentleman
Pennsylvania to state his point of order.
Mr. THOMPSON said his point of order was
this, that all discussions of questions regarding
acts of Congress and slavery, and the Constitution,
were totally inapplicable to the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which they had congratulated tne
French in achieving their revolution.
Mr. SAWYER. 1 made that point some time
ago. ... tt
Mr. THOMPSON renewed it, then, now. He
made it with no disrespect to the gentleman frotra
Ohio, but to put an end to this discussion, which
was not creditable either to this House or to the
country. It was not relevant to the resolutions of
congratulation with the French Republic.^ lhis
House had become the arena for domestic con-
1,1 The SPEAKER reiterated his former decision,
that the slavery of the French West India Islands,
which was affected by the French revolution,
iclc wa  1IU jllUVJOll'll LMWI v  Himu-.V! , v*tm.U *> c«tr ~ ,   . ,
the people of the free States to arrest such ,, brought up the subject of slavery, into wmcn tnose
* ......1 . I- I  . 4 . ' \_.l /lokatc hM( Crflllft bl?
fugitives. There was nothing m this law, nor in
the Constitution, to authorize a Slate magistrate or
judge to issue process to an eM them. There was
nothing in this law to authorize the executive offi-
cer of any free State to serve such process. It was
who°had participated in the debate had gone by-
general consent. There had been no objections
made to the remarks of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Palfret,} nor of ^ gentle,nan
from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly:] the discussion had
niversal consent; and there-
provided that the owners or persons to whom such j; been continued by universal^ consent; anu tneie-
service was due, or their agent, might .arrest; but ; fore the Chair held this particular debate to be m
order, and that the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Asumex] had the floor in reply to the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly.)
Mr. THOMPSON said the debate was without
there was no obligation on the people of the free
States to make the arrest. He was aware that in
some States the practice was for the State magis-
trates to arrest, but they had no authority in this .
law for doing it; and, m short, the practice was
without law to justify it—without Congressional
gress had po'ver to require the discharge of duties ji law,—and iheiclore he had desired to call theatten-
by State officers, and to compel the performance of !; tion of the gentleman from Virginia to this law.
them; for there must be a correlative power lo :l
compel if there was a right to require. Now, the 1
Constitution merely required that they should be;
delivered up; and the Constitution provided that ;
taxes maybe collected; but could Congress re- j,
quire the State officers of Massachusetts to act as ;[
the collectors of the national taxes? Could Con- i!
gress impose any duties on State officers within the ;j
State? He would like to know on what decision |l
that he might correct the error into which he had
fallen; and he did this the more anxiously, because
! is consent, and he desired to know what course
the Chair would lay down for the future discus-
sions. He wished io know if the Chair would
allow the gentlemen to proceed against the opinion
that they were out of older.
The SPEAKER replied that the gentleman from
or what provision in the Constitution such an j'> would call the attention of the gentleman opposite
opinion was based. ll [Mi. Meade] to the fact that the agent of tile
he knew the force of that gentleman's opinion or, ; Massachusetts [Mr. Asiimun] was entitled to the
floor in reply to the gentleman from Virginia [All.
B^yly] by general consent.
Mr. THOMPSON said he must correct the
Chair. The consent was not general, for he ob-
jected.
Mr. GTDDINGS inquired if he might proceed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will proceed.
Mr. GIDDINGS said he regretted thatagentle-
the community when it should go out to the coun-
try. How, then, stood the fact? The arrest was j
a matter between the owner and the slave. 1
Mr. BAYLY assented. t !
- Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman from Yir- 1
gima admitted that he was right. Well, then, he
Mr. MEADE asked the gentleman to yield him
the floor, that he might answer the question which ;
the gentleman had proposed. >
Mr. ASHMUN yielded the floor accordingly, j
Mr. MEADE called the attention of the gentle- ,
man from Massachusetts to the clause in the Con- (
stitution. which requires fugitives from justice to ;
be delivered up on the demand of the Executive of
the State from which they fled. lie contended that ;
every State was bound to pass the necessary laws
to carry out this clause of the Constitution; and the
States were equally bound to pass the necessary
laws to executc the succeedingclausein reference to
fugitives from labor, which required that the slave
ii shall be delivered up£>n the claim of the party to !
whom such service or labor may be due." On
whom shall the claim be made, and who shall de- •
liver up the fugitive? The claim in the one case, i
like the demand in the other, shall be made on,
master might arrest the fugitive slave, but there \ man from a free State-—a State professing freedom
was no obligation on the free States to assist him.
Whenever a slave was on their free soil, he was a
man regenerated and redeemed from his fetters,
and the laws of Virginia, or of any other slave
State, ceased to control him. He was then only
liable to the provision of the Constitution of the
United States, and that authorized the master to
arrest him m a peaceable manner, the same as an
officer would arrest a criminal or a debtor. He
(Mr. G.) would go a little further, for he wished
the gentleman to know the whole state of the case.
When a fugitive slave was on the fiee soil of Ohio,
he was clothed with power to defend himself.
They lent the master no aid to arrest him, and
they could not defend the slave against the master. !
tKo ^ t r~k 1^1 1 tto f 11  >o i V I rr I I t t /~v '
such as that of Pennsylvania—-should laise his
voice to obstruct the discussion of these great prin-
ciples on this floor, or anywhere else.
The SPEAKER desired the gentleman from
Ohio to confine himself to the question.
Mr. GIDDINGS said he would merely add to
what he had said, (hat the case of the Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania had settled this question,
that the people of the free States might refuse to
lend their aid to the slave owner in capturing his
fugitive slave. This distinct point had been sealed,
and it was to bring this before the House that he
had interfered and trespassed on the kindness of
the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. ASHMUN (resuming) said he did not in-
They left the slave to his natural right to defend h tend to occupy the attention of an unwilling House
himself; and if the slave slew the master in self-
defence, he (Mr. G.) would pronounce him a good
and the fugitive delivered up by, the authorities of fellow. By the laws he was treated as a gallant
* ~ ' ' ' 1 " • . •. ; man, and there was no law in Ohio to punish him.
| Gentlemen had proclaimed m this House that they
I had no right to interfere. Why, they did not in- ,
{ teifere. They would not interfeie. "Hands off," 1
I was their motto. "Take your slave and catch !
; him if you can," was another motto. And would |
! the gentleman opposite [Mr. Meade]—he knew
! the gentleman near him [Mr. Bayly] would not
| urge that point—stand there and contend that it
i was the duty of the free States to catch southern
slaves? Certainly not. The gentleman shook his
head. Now, the gentleman knew better. He knew
the free States had no right to interfere. Why, if
a southern slave should slay his master in Oluo in
the State into which the fugitive in both instances
goes The law of Massachusetts, instead of aid-
ing, obstructed the execution of this clause in the
Constitution.
Mr. ASHMUN said the Supreme Court had
decided in the negative the questions of the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Meade] m the Pennsyl-
vania case.
Mr. GIDDINGS asked the gentleman from
Massachusetts to give him the floor, that he might
say a word of explanation on this point.
Mr. ASHMUN assented.
Mr, GIDDINGS said, so far as this discussion
embraced great and fundamental principles, it was
with the utmost pleasure that lie mingled in the h self-defence, they could not be required in Ohio to
a moment longer. He was replying to the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,] who had asked
him a question, under the *econd paragraph of sec-
tion two of article four of the Constitution, when
the gentleman from Ohio had risen, and cited a
decision which answered that question. The gen-
tleman from Ohio had shown that the States were
under no obligation to assist in the capture of fu-
gitive slaves. Neither were the free States under
any obligation to pass laws for such a purpose,
and the Congress of the United States could not
require the officers of the free States to execute its
laws. However, this whole question might come
up hereafter, incidentally, if not directly. It would
, certainly be opened upon the Oregon bill, and per-
haps that would beamore suitable time to continue
! this discussion. It would then be divested of the
i feeling which had now been brought into it.
