616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
an error anywhere, it Jay on just such persons as
himself? It was the mischievous machinations of
iust such people as this member from Massachu-
setts which had compelled the South to fence out
the free negro population as they would a pesti-
Jence—and they did it under the great, original,
natural, inherent, inalienable right of self-preser-
vationj which was just as applicable to States as
to individuals.
As to the charge of superciliousness, and haugh-
tiness, and discourtesy, and other epithets, he
would not notice it. He should not stoop to bandy
epithets with the gentleman from Massachusetts.
That gentleman had assumed that the attack and
offensive remarks had first come from him, (Mr.
B.) All he should say on the subject was, that
he should not notice it. He had no more dispo-
sition to assail the gentleman than the gentleman
had disclaimed to assail him. During the little
intercourse they had had together—and the gentle-
man had served with him during more than one
Congress—he had tried to act toward him as a gen-
tleman should act; and he would undertake to say
that he had not applied to him one remark which
any member from the South thought unfit, unduly
severe, or unprovoked. The gentleman had un-
dertaken to assume that his (Mr. B.'s) colleagues
of the Whig party disapproved his remarks as un-
becoming a Virginia Representative 
Mr. PENDLETON said he had no desire or
intention to interfere between his colleague and his
personal friend the gentleman from Massachusetts.
He did not choose to endorse what had been said
by either of them, simply for the reason that Iiq
had heard neither. But as his colleague had made,
as he understood, repeated appeals to the Virginia
delegation to say if he did not utter their senti-
ments, and as these appeals would probably be
published, Mr. P. wished to say that he did not
choose to endorse in the dark m that way. He
did not by any means intend to be understood as
contradicting anything his colleague might have
said, but he could not endorse what he did not
hear. He had heard neither of the gentlemen.
Mr. BAYLY" said, then it was unnecessary, if
his colleague had not heard the debate, to have
taken the floor. He (Mr. B.) stood there in de-
fence of the South and of the principles of the j
kouth; and if his colleague did not approve what j
he had said, in doing so he was entirely willing lie
should except himself and his constituents from
any approbation of such defence. It was enough
for him to know that there were Whigs here from
his own State, and others who had heard his re-
marks, who had come up to him after his first
speech and congratulated him on the part he had
taken. ^ He should not have appealed to the com-
mittee if the gentleman from Massachusetts had
not done so before him. He had" therefore ap-
pealed to the entire Virginia delegation who had
heard his remarks; and it now seemed that there
was but one, and he had not heard them, that did
not approve of them. He undertook to say, that
he knew the sentiments of Virginia, and that the
people of that ancient Commonwealth would re-
spond to all he had uttered. Whether it met the
approbation of his colleague or not, was matter of
great indifference to him.
Ml. PENDLETON said he had had no inten-
tion to enter in to this debate. When lie had risen
he presumed that every gentleman had understood
what was his precise object. He had taken some
pains to let his colleague understand that he meant
nothing unkind to him. But it seemed, that not-
withstanding this, his colleague, with that very good
temper winch he sometimes displayed here, de-
clared tnat it was a matter of great indifference to
him v/liet'ier he (Mr. P.) approved what he said
or not. j\mv, what he had said certainly invited
no such icmark; but as the gentleman had permit-
ted himself, without cause, to make such a remark,
he would say, in return, that it was a matter of
equal jmlijleivnee to him what his colleague thought
upon the subject. He had not been here during
the debate. He was wholly ignorant what had
been the ismic between his colleague and the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts before; but he had un-
derstood, to-day, (hat the question was, whether
his colleague had fairly presented what took place
in lue yenoto of V iigmici m regard to the death of
IVJr. AtUnm rho gentleman's statement of
the senttmentsof Virginia on the subjectof slavery,
he (Mr. P.) was ready to endorse what his col-
league had said; and, though he did not owe it to
his colleague to say this, he owed it to himself.
He had no sort of sympathy whatever with aboli-
tion movements in any form; but, so far as his
colleague had attempted to vindicate the course of
the Virginia Senate, in refusing to express regret
at the death of Mr. Adams, he certainly had not
spoken the general sentiment of the people of Vir-
ginia.
Mr. BAYLY said the committee would recollect
that he had done no more on the subject referred
to than to state the reasons which had influenced
the course of the Senate of his State in what they
had done or refused to do. He had given those
reasons for what they were worth, expressly de-
claring that it was not his duty to vindicate the
Senate's course. That was a matterfor themselves,
not for him. Whatever were his personal views
on thewsubject, he was not called on to express
them; and it was not with this that the gentleman
from Massachusetts had charged him with misrep-
resenting the sentiments of his State, as all who
heard him knew.
jvir. PENDLETON said, that if his colleague
ha"d listened to what he had said, he would have
perceived that there was no cause for the indulgence
of any ill-temper because he would not endorse
what he had not heard. He could not endorse the
tone and manner of his colleague, for the same rea-
son. He l^ad taken no part against his colleague,
but he did not choose, as the appeal had been made
over and over to the Virginia delegation in particu-
lar, to be considered by nis silence as approving re-
marks he had not heard. He could endorse neither
of the gentlemen, because, as he had again and
again stated, he had heard neither of their speeches.
Mr. BAYLY. My appeal was to those who
heard me, none of whom have dissented.
Mr. KAUFMAN again obtained the floor, and
renewed he motion to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table, which was agreed to: Yeas 123,
nays 46, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atkinson, Barringer, Barrow,
Jayly, Beale, Bedinger, Bingham, Birdsall, Bocoek, Bow-
dou, Bovvhii, Boyd, Bridges, Brodliead, Chailes Brown,
Albert G. Biown, Buckner, Burt, Cabell, Pianklin Clark,
Beveily L. Clark, Howell Cobb, Williamson JR. W. Cobb,
Collins, l uinnnns, I)i( key, Dickinson, Duer, Daniel Dun-
Ctlf). Dlllin. Ri'L'Prt Prllvm-ili? L'  v\ l\ w. A > ^ . . .i
compensation, the President would pay them out
of the contingent fund of the army, or in some other
way; and if he failed to pay them, they woyld have
a valid claim on Congress for their compensation.
What he proposed, and what he hoped the gen-
tleman would accept, as a modification of hisamend-
merit, was the addition of a new section to the bill,
declaring the provision for the board of visiters,
contained in the second section of the original act --
for the establishment of the Academy, to be re-
pealed.
Mr. DICKEY accepted this as a modification of
his amendment.
Mr. McKAY thereupon moved the previous
question; and it was seconded by the House, and
the main question was ordered, being on the adop-
tion of the amendment as modified.
Mr. HARALSON moved a reconsideration of
the vote by which the House had ordered the main
question to be now put.
A conversation on points of order arose, in which
Messrs. HARALSON, JONES of Tennessee, and
HOUSTON of Alabama, participated; and which
was directed principally to the point whether, in
case the vote by which the main question had been
ordered were reconsidered, the second for the pre-
vious question could then be reconsidered, and the
subject thus be reopened to debate.
The SPEAKER ruled—differing on this point,
he remarked, from the decisions of his predecessors
in the chair for the last two Congresses—that when
the House reconsidered the vote by which the
main question was ordered, the seconding of the
motion was reconsidered of course, since it was
technically no more than the seconding of a motion
by an individual. The second of the previous
question, though by a majority of the House,
merely brought the motion before the House for
its action; which motion was decided as in other
cases.
The question being taken, the motion to recon-
sider was rejected without a division.
The question then recurring on the amendment
of Mr. Dickey, as modified, was taken and de-
j cided in the negative—yeas 76, nays 84—as fol-
lows :
| YEAS—Messrs. Atkinson, Beaic, Bingham, Blanchard,
I Bowlin, Boyd, Bo>don, Charles Brown, Franklin Clark,
; Beverley h. Clark, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
j Collins, Conger, Crowell. Crozier, Dickey, Dickinson, Dau-
Kaufn.an ICpn.mV "iT^V/77'''''i""''61 "V™"' :! lel Duncan, Edwards, Nathan Evans, I-aran, Frather^ton.
Li 'on Lincoln I ord fim nt' : Fick!in< Freediey, French, Gentry,Gidding*, Goggin, Green^
cferaand M ! Hammons, am, George S. Houston, Hubbard' Jenkms
.... ".2 iWtUovvul, McKay, McLane, Mann. Meade. Anrfrpiu .tnhn^n  t >
F
G,
James G Hampton, liaialton, Uartis, Henley; Hill, Ehas
B. Holmes, George s>. Hou-ton, Hunt, Inge, Ii vm, Jackson,
Andrew Johnson, James H. Johnson, George VV. Jones.
H .llltir.411 1 _ LI i .. . 1 w ° ,  
mii  i McKay, McLane, Mann, Meade,
Miller, Morns, Morse, Murpny, IVewali, Nicoll, Peaslee,
Peck, 1 endleton, Peine, l'eyton, l'helps, Pollock, Preston,
Kicnardsnn, Richey, Robinson, JEtocklliil, St. John, Sawyer,
Shepperd, Slierrill, Siins, Smart, Robert Smith, Stanton,
btaikweather, Andrew Stewart, Charles 33. Stuart. Strong,
t nomas, Jaine^ Thompson, Jacob Thompson. Richard VV.
I hompaon, John B. Thompson, William Thompson, Thurs-
ton, lompkins, Vcnable, Wentworth, Wick, VVilev, Wil-
.Vynmot, and Woodward—123.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ashmun, Blanchard, Bolts, Boy-
don, Brady, Lanby, ChngmSn, Cook, Collanier, Con er,
Cianstori, Crowell,Crazier, Dixon, Ganieu Duncan, Nathan
tvans, Gentry, Biddings, Gregory, Hale, Nathan K. Hall,
Henry, Hubbard, Hudson, Kelloirg, Mcllvnine, Marsh, Mar
-16.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table, ana the joint resolutions stand, as passed
yesterday. r
WEST POINT ACADEMY.
The House then took up the bill making appro-
priations for the support of the Military Academy
i(Ln 6 Vn\'ed ®tates f°r the year ending June 30,
I84J, which was reported by the Committee of the
Whole several days since, and to which an amend-
ment, moved by Mr. Dickey, was pending, viz:
to strike out the item " fo'r expenses of the board
of visiters, js2,000."
Mr. McKAY said he should vote for the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia. 1 hisi little item for expenses of a board of
visiters had oeen dropped from the bill for many
yeais, and had only been restored about two year3
Wi' k „ 6 wou'd suggest to the gentlemai) that he
had better modify his amendment in the manner
he would point out. The President now, under
the law as it stood, made the appointment of these
visiters, and their compensation was also fixed by
law., The President, after the amendment of the
gent,email was passed, would still have the same '
power to appoint; and, as the law warranted the i
compensation of the visiters, and fixed the rate of!
Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Kennon, Sidney Law-
renop, Lincoln, Lumpkin, McClelland, McCJernand, Mc-
Kay, Mann, Meade, Millei, Morris, Pe>ton, Phelps, Pol-
lock, Richey, Robinson, Julius Rockwell, Root, Sawver,
Shepperd, Shernll, Sims, Smait, Robeit Smith, Truman
Smith, Siarkvveather, Andrew Stewart, Charles E. Smart,
Strohm, James Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Wm. Thomp-
son, Thurston, Tompkins, Toombs, Tuck, Wentworth,
Wiley, and Woodward—76.
NAYt>—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Barringer, Barrow, Bay-
ly, Bedinger, Birdsall, Bocoek, Botts, Bowdon. Budges,
Albert G Brown, Buckner, Burt, Cabell, Canby, Chngman,
Cocke, Collamer, Cranston, CrNficIri, Duer, Gamut Dun-
can, Dunn, Eckert, Embiee, Alexander Evans, Fulton.
I Gaines*, Gott, Gregory, Willard P. Hall, Natiian K. Hull,
James G. Hampton, Haralson, Harris. Henry, Hilhard,
Elia« B. Holmes, Hudson, Hunt, Inge, Joseph R. IngetsolL
Jackson, John W. Jon*1*, Kaufman, KeHogir, La ?fere,
,1 Lefflei, Ligon, Maclay, McDowell, McLane, Marsh, Mar-
i vin, Mors*>, Murphy, Nelson, Newall, Nicoll, Peck, Pen-
; dleton, Petiie, Preston, Putnam, Richardson, RookhilL
j John A. Rockwell, Rumsey, St. John, Caleb B. Smith,
j Stanton, Stephens, Stiong, Tallmadge, Taylor, Thomas,
| Richard W. Thompson, Van Dvke, Venable,'Vinton, War-
j ren, White, and Wick—84.
; The bill was then read a third time, and passed.
[Its appropriations areas follow:
| For pay of officers, instructors, cadets, and inil-
! staans $78.76 S
lor commutation of subsistence  5531
| For forage for officers'horses  45T2
1 For clotlu.ig for officers' servants    '420
I For repairs and improvements, fuel and apparatus,
foiage for public horses and oxen, stationery,
pi intmg, and other incidental and contingent ex-
pen<e?        gg jsjg
For the increase and expenses of the library!. l.oOO
for expenses of the board of visiters  2ifi00
For barracks for cadets  17^590
$141,472)
CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, chairman- of the
Committee on Elections, gave notice that he would,
on Thursday of this week, call up the contested
election case of Monroe vs. Jackson, from the 6th
Congressional district of New York.
The House adjourned.
