1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
619
win be %st promoted, the true spirit and moaning of the
Constitution be observed, and theConfederacy strengthened,
by leavi ng ail question? concerning the domestic policy there-
in to legisiatuies chodon by the people thereof.
Now, although this resolution does not assert
the power of the Government in positive terms, it
is evidently intended to convey the idea that the
territorial legislature chosen by the people are, and
of right ought to be, the exclusive judges of all
questions of policy arising in the territory. The
correctness of this position I deny to the whole
extent. The people of a territory belonging to the
United States possess no other rights than those
which belong to all unorganized communities or
bodies of men, which flow from the laws of nature,
except those which they derive from tlie United
States; and unless it can be shown that the Con-
stitution authorizes Congress to impose limitations
and restrictions upon them in regard to slavery,
they cannot derive that power from Congress. But
I dQ not consider it necessary to discuss this ques-
tion, or the still graver one, whether Congress has
power to establish territorial governments at all.
Although I admit, if this was a new question, pre-
sented for the first time, I should be at a loss from
what particular clause, or provision, or principle of
theConstitutiontodeduceit. And,in rejecting up-
on this subject when these resolutions were brought
forward, 1 stated to an honorable friend near me,
whose friendly intercourse and confidence it is my
good fortune to enjoy, my own doubts or convic-
tions upon this subject, but said I would not dis-
turb that question when there were so many topics
of agitation and disagreement amonsj the people of
the United States, who ought to be bound together
by the indissoluble ties of fraternal feeling and good
fellowship; but would leave it to the uniform, un-
broken practice of the Government for fifty years.
There I am willing to leave it. Stare decisis. But
to return to the people of the territory. They are
of two descriptions: those who inhabit, or are
upon the territory at the time it is acquired, and
those who migrate or remove to it afterwards. The
rights of the former are defined by treaty stipula-
tion. The latter carry with them rights of citi-
zens of the United States, so far as the possession
and enjoyment of property is concerned, and such
political privileges and immunities as Congress
may confer upon them, by the act authorizing them
to form a temporary government, confining that
act, of course, within the limits of the Constitution.
But the idea that the people residing upon territory
acquired by the United States, either by treaty or
conquest, are to be entitled to the enjoyment of
any right, privilege, or immunity to'which the
citizens of the United Suites, or any of them, who
may remove to such touiiory after it becomes
attached to the United States, are not entitled,
is not only repugnant to every principle and feel-
ing of American liberty and equality, but is in the
very teeth and jaws of the Constitution. 1 can
readily imagine,'Mr. President, why this new-born
zeal in favor of the rights of the people of a terri-
tory to exclude slaves as property is exhibited with
so much fierceness and pertinacity at this particu-
lar juncture in our history. Everybody knows
that territory is about to be acquired from Mexico,
where, it is said, slavery does not exist. But is
that territory to be governed by Mexican law after
it becomes the property of the United States, and
passes under the jui i.-uliction of our laws? No one
in his senses can contend for this. When it be-
comes American territory, it will be governed by
American laws, and American citizens must be
entitled to the enjoyment of equal rights upon it,
else liberty and equality under our system are but
phantoms, and the guarantees of the Constitution
vain, deceptive illusions. I shall not stop to in-
quire whether slavery is a blessing or a curse. .It
is nominated in the bond. The Constitution guar-
anties it to those who think proper to hold it; and
while the Constitution exists, they cannot be de-
prived of it, without doing violence to that instru-
ment. If the Constitution be defective in this
respect, or any other, let it be amended in the
manner provided for by its illustrious framers.
But to violate is not to amend—to destroy is not
reform.
1 will not trespass further upon the indulgence
of the Senate at present. I consider these resolu-
tions as involvingconsiderationsofvastimportance.
I have thought it proper to call the attention of the
Senate to them, and all I ask is, that they be post-
poned until Monday week, and made the special
order of the day. Then, if no other Senator de-
sires to discuss them, I shall respectfully ask for a
deliberate vote of the Senate upon them.
On^notion of Mr. BAGBY, it was
Ordered, That the further consideration thereof be post-
poned to, and made the order of the day for, Monday, the
24th instant.
CALIFORNIA CLAIMS*
On motion of* Mr. CASS, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the bill for ascertaining and
paying certain claims in California.
Mr. DAYTON then occupied the floor, pre-
mising that he did not propose to discuss the merits
of the bill, but to go at large into the subject of the
war in Mexico, with which it was connected. He
apologized for taking this course now, regretting
that circumstanccs connected with his personal
concerns had prevented him from addressing the
Senate earlier in the session. He believed we had
now reached a point at which we may exercise the
right of self-judgment. We had made an armis-
tice, and there is in existence a paper called, or
miscalled, a treaty, and we may now pause and m-
auire what we are likely to gain by this war. In-
demnity for the past probably means the hundred
millions we have paid for the expenses of the war;
and security for the fiUure must imply the twenty
millions we are to pay for territory.
His remarks now were rendered necessary, in
consequence of the course which had been taken
by the Senator from Massachusetts, (now absent
from his seat,) who had stated to the country his
course on the subject of the treaty, and the reasons
on which he founded it. That Senator, in throw-
ing off all responsibility from himself, had thiown
a heavier-responsibility on other Senatois who had
taken a different course. He theiefore felt himself
bound to say something, at this time, in defence of
.his own course.
He then replied to some of the points taken by
the Senator from Massachusetts, for the purpose of
explaining his own course in voting for the treaty,
as he avowed lie had done. He designated the
treaty as bad enough, but it remained for those who
had insisted on the unconstitutionality of the war,
and who had yet voted against the treaty, to make
the propriety of their coursc clear to the world. He
felt, that during the whole of the war, we hud been
obliged to act on alternatives; and in this position
he felt himself when called to vote on the treaty.
He did not desire territory, but he was sure, that
under this Administration, there was no hope of
obtaining a peace without an accession of territory.
The Senator from Massachusetts was willing to
put the question to the people as to the accession of
territory, but this was not merely putting it off until
the next spring, but was, after all, but an uncer-
tain test. The cry of il new territory" he regarded
as likely to produce a powerful effect at the next
fall elections; and he regretted that the Senator from
Massachusetts had urged on the Whig party to
make the question of " no territory" the issue at
those elections. From this course he (Mr. D.)
would appeal to the whole Whig party. He pre-
ferred peace at this moment, even with territory,
to a remote peace even without territory, if the
Question of no territory was to be made the test,
there would bean end of the Whig party before
the end of the year. It would find an early grave,
and all its conservative glory would be buried with
it. . Its enemies might then inscribe on its tomb,
"Hie jacet;" and they could truly add—
Jt, never said a foolish tlung,
And never did a wise one.
On the description given by the Senator from
Massachusetts of the population of California he
made some observations, for the purpose of show-
in* by inference, that if it was a correct delineation,
there was no reason to have any apprehensions on
the subject of members from that quarter being
admitted to seats in the two Houses of Congress.
The fact that the line of thirty-two, established
by the treaty, excludes all territory which is favor-
able for the employment of slaves, was to him a
very strong inducement to vote in favor of it. If
a slave should follow his master from one of our
southern Slates into California, he could not carry
with him any part of the municipal law by which
he had been governed in the State which he had
quitted; and, by the laws of California, he would
stand forth a man, unfettered, and subjected to
none of the slave regulations. He disclaimed any
alliance with abolitionists, and enlarged a little on
the misunderstanding between the South and the
North on the exciting topic of slavery.
In his conclusion, he expressed a doubt as to
what may be the effect of the revolution of France
on the feelings of the Mexicans. But he warned
every one not to be deceived into a belief that the
revolution had reached its termination, or had even
advanced sufficiently to disclose what-would be its
result. A king may be stricken down, buta wealthy,
elevated, proud population, would not be likely
to yield and abandon all their wealth and influ-
ence without a struggle. He concluded with ex-
pressing his hope, that whatever convulsionsjmight
shake surrounding nations, the independence, and
happiness, and prosperity of our own Republic
would remain unshaken and progressive.
[A full report of Mr. Dayton's speech will be
found in the Appendix.)
Mr. MASON expressed a wish to speak on the
bill; but gave way, and,
On motion of Mr. HUNTER,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Jipril 12, 1848.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Iowa, asked leave to in-
troduce a bill of which previous notice had been
given. Objected to.
FOREIGN MAIL SERVICE.
On motion of Mr. GOGG1N, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole, (Mr.
Burt in the chair,) and proceeded to the consider-
ation of the special order, viz: "the bill to amend
an act to provide for the transportation of the mail
between the United States and foreign countries,
and for other puposes."
The bill having been read, Mr.GOGGIN moved
to stiike out all after the enacting words, and insert
the substitute reported by the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. G. (chairman of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads) explained the provisions
and objects of the bill and proposed amend-
ment. He remarked that there was a very im-
portant document upon this subject, which had
been ordered to be printed by the. Senate, and
which every gentleman would find on his file, con-
taining the correspondence between Mr. Bancroft,
Lord ralmerston, and the Postmaster General of
England: which correspondence presented all the
important facts in the case. It was known to this
House and the country generally that, in 1845,
Congress had authorized the establishment of a
line of packet ships between New York and Havre,
touching at Southampton and some other ports in
England, with the object of providing a mail pack-
et of our own to do our own mail sen ice, instead
of being, as wc had previously been, entirely de-
pendent,so far as the packet service was concerned,
ior the transportation of letters and other mailable
matter back and forth between this country and
England, on British steamers. The packet Wash-
ington was accordingly built, and this line went
into operation on the 1st of July last; and when
she was on the eve of sailing, it was found for the
first time, to the surprise of our Government and
this country, that on her arrival in England she
would be met by British orders in council, or orders
of the Lords or the Treasury through the British
Postmaster General, directing that there should be
charged the same amount of postage on letters and
other mail matter transported by her as was
charged upon such matter transmitted by the En-
glish [jackets. As. for example, an instance which
would serve to illustrate the operation of the whole
matter: on a letter to be sent by an American pack-
et from Richmond, Virginia, to Birmingham, En-
gland, the inland postage to New York, as was
well known to the House, would be 10 cents, and
the American packet postage from New York to
Southampton 24 cents, making 34 cents. To this
was superadded, by these British orders, upon the
arrival of this vessel in England, a British postage
of 24 cents, making the cost of a letter transmitted
by our own packet 58 cents. The charge for the
same letter if sent by the British packet would be,
the inland postage from Richmond to New York
10 cents, the port charge paid to the ,ri
the city of New York 1 cent, and the British
packet charge 24 cents, making the cost of the
transmission by the British packet ,35 cents. Thus
it was plainly shown, that in consequence of the
British orders in council, or of the Lords of the
Treasury through the British Postmaster General,
the charge upon our citizens for the transmission
