620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
of letters in our own packets was 58 cents, while
in the Cu'nard line it was only 35 cents! This
double burden was Jaid upon the American peo-
ple by Great Britain for the protection of the Ca-
nard Jine—to compel our citizens to patronize that
line in preference to our own. Surely it was evi-
dently a preposterous and absurd attempt to throw
upon us a burden to which we could not submit."
He read from the document referred to an ex-
tract of the letter of Lord Palmerston to Mr. Ban-
croft justifying the construction of a British law
under which this charge was imposed, and avow-
ing (Mr. Or. said) that the object was to protect
the British packet line, and to secure for them the
doing of our mail service.
He would say nothing to his free-trade friends
on the other side of the House about this obnox-
ious principle of protection on the part of Great
Britain; for he wished to say nothing to lead the
debate to assume a party character. This subject
of the transportation of the mail between twocoun-
tries having an aggregate population of fifty mil-
lions, was a question of so much importance to the
country as to bring men of all parties to come up
and sustain the Postmaster General in his desire
to vindicate our own rights in such a manner as
the merits of the case demanded at the hands of
Congress. And he would say, in reference to that
officer, that however he (Mr. G.) might have dif-
fered with him in regard to some of the great lead-
ins: political questions which divided and agitated
this country, in reference to this postal question, it
seemed to him (Mr. G.) that he had done every-
thing a faithful and vigilant officer could do in or-
der to effect an amicable and just arrangement of a
matter calculated, if not settled, to lead to danger-
ous results. To this end our minister at the Court
of St. James, under instructions of the Secretary
of State, had also exerted himself to effect a mu-
tual arrangement; and his letter to Lord Palmer-
ston of the 16th August, 1847, had remained unan-
swered as late as January last, although a sort of
by-play correspondence had taken place between
the British Postmaster General and Mr. Bancroft.
The object of this bill, as all our efforts at ar-
rangement had failed, was to authorize the Presi-
dent of the United States, through the Postmaster
General, to impose the same duty upon letters
received in this country by English packets as was
there imposed upon letters received through our
packets. It was a retaliatory act. It applied not
to Great Britain alone, however, but to all other
countries which, by a similar course, should ren-
der the resort necessary. He enforced the justice
of the measure, as the only resort left us in self-
defence, and argued that the course of Great Britain
in this respect was equally a palpable violation, in
effect, of our convention of reciprocity with her
of 1815, (a section of which he read,) as a viola-
tion of that amity and comity which had hereto-
fore, and which still ou^ht to exist between the
United States and Great Britain; that it was most
unjust, most onerous, most burdensome to our
citizens, and if quietly submitted to would oblige
us to discontinue the running of our own packet
Washington,and to depend on "mother England,"
and pay tribute to her for tine transmission of oar
own letters, which a nation of our commercial
greatness was abundantly able to execute, and for
which we had, under the law of 1845, made the
necessary arrangements. It was clearly a case in
which lesort to a countervailing policy* was justi-
fied and demanded by our rights; and he trusted
it would receive the unanimous sanction of the
House.
Mr. NICOLL said, after the able exposition
of the gentleman from Virginia, it would not be
necessary that he should go into any extended
remarks, but he would express the hope that this
bill would be passed by a unanimous vote. It pro-
posed no additional postage on the letters of Amer-
ican citizens sent in American vessels, but was
designed simply to place Great Britain on the
same terms which she had prescribed for ourselves.
Hitherto all postal arrangements with Great Brit-
ain had been foiled by the determination of the
British Government to adhere to the unequal
terms which they had imposed ; and now in aid
of negotiations this bill was proposed, and not to
frustrate negotiations. All that we desired was
just, fair, and equal terms, which the passage of
this bill would be likely to secure for us. Thus
we should aid our able minister at the court of St.
Jafties to remove the unequal terms which the
British Government had imposed, for it would
show to that Government that we have the power
to retaliate if they persist in measures so injffious
to this country. He repeated the expression of
his hope that no obstacle would be thrown in the
way of the passage of this bill, and that it would
be passed unanimously,
Mr. TOMPKINS rose to give the reasons which
would induce him to vote for the substitute for the
original bill,and he should speak very briefly, after
the able exposition of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Goggin.] He should not go into details, but
confine himself to some general observations on a
subject which it seemed to him should induce every
friend to American rights and American interests to
give his support to some such measure. He was
one who believed that the principle of reciprocity
was correct, and, if reci procity could not be obtained
withoutretaliatory measures, he believed wc should
be justified in resorting to retaliatory proceedings to
obtain that which was right. He then proceeded to
glance at the circumstances of the case before the
House, which had been so fully explained by the
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, [Mr. Goggin,] and said this country
had no more powerful and active antagonist than
Great Britain, and therefore we ought to keep on
thealert, and maintain our rights in all transactions
with that Power, which had shown a disposition
to monopolize the transatlantic mail, This was
but a part of her system. She refused to yield
anything. She, by a system of monopolies,
sought to make American enterprise, American
skill, and American industry tributary to the Brit-
ish exchequer. He was unwilling to yield to her
exactions, and if we could not obtain reciprocity
but by retaliatory measures, he would be willing
to resort to retaliation. That was proposed by
this bill, which would enable our Post Office De-
partment to charge such rates of postage on letters
brought in British ships as she charged on letters
transmitted in American vessels. If we relied on
the generosity of Great Britain we should obtain
nothing, and hence he was in favor of the substi-
tute. He preferred this mode to an act of Con-
gress fixing the rates of postage, because then, if
Great Britain should be disposed to yield, our law
would remain fixing specific rates. But if this
substitute should be adopted, and England should
abandon her unjust exactions, our Postmaster
General, with the consent of the President, would
be enabled to enter into an arrangement on terms
mutual, just, fair, and equitable.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, was in favor of the
substitute of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Goggin;] but he, nevertheless, thought that the
rates of postage proposed in the original bill should
be modified. He would propose to amend by sub-
stituting ten for fifteen cents, and fifteen for twen-
ty-four, where they occurred. Coinciding in the
remarks which had been made by the gentleman
from Virginia, he should not detain the committee
further than to say, that he trusted this retaliatory
measure would lead to some satisfactory arrange-
ment between the two Governments.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, concurred with the
gentlemen who had expressed their concurrence in
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia,
but disapproved of the amendment of the gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr. Evans.] The larger
rates which had been stated were those charged
by the British Government on letters transmitted
in American packets, and there was a propriety in
retaining those rates in any retaliatory measure to
which we might resort. Those rates could be
modified by the Postmaster General, under the
direction of the President of the United States,
whenever Great Britain should be disposed to enter
! into reciprocal arrangements that would be just
: and fair to all.
Some explanations were entered into between
Messrs. EVANS of Maryland, and JONES of
Tennessee.
The amendment of the gentleman from Mary-
land was rejected.
Mr. JONES suggested that the committee dis-
pense with acting upon the several sections of the
J original bill, (as the committee proposed the sub-
l stitute in lieu cf it,) and proceed at once to mature
: the substitute.
I The suggestioi was acquiesced in by general
I consent.
I Mr. HUNT proposed to amend by adding two
i additional sections, permitting newspapers to be
circulated free of postage within a circuit of thirty
miles from the publishing office, and to reduce the
postage to one cent, to be prepaid, on transient
newspapers.
Mr. GOGGIN objected to the amendment as
not in order. The original bill was wholly on the
subject of foreign postal arrangements, and to that
subject this amendment was not germane. It had
no relevancy whatever to the subject-matter of the
Mr. HUNT reminded the gentleman from Vir-
ginia of the action of Congress at its last session,
which he contended justified his present propo-
sition. It would be remembered, too, that the bill
of 1845 made provision for the transmission of
newspapers to destinations within thirty miles from
the office of publication free of postage. That law,
so far as he knew, was unexceptionable. There
had been no public expression against it.
Mr. GOGGIN again rose to a question of order,
and maintained that the amendment was inadmis-
sible on the ground of irrelevancy.
The CHAIRMAN was understood to sustain
the ground assumed by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia.
Mr. HUNT intimated, then,Jhat he would re-
serve it for some other occasion.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL proposed to amend the
first section in the third line, by adding after the
word " empowered" the words "from and after the
  day of  ." This was a measure of a
retaliatory character, and he desired that proper
notice should be given of a measure of thai sort.
Before striking a blow, he thought it would be
creditable to us to give an intimation of what we
intended to do. He had left blanks in his amend-
ment because he was willing to defer to the better
judgment of the gentleman from Virginia, the
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, on that subject. By fixing a distant
period of a few weeks for the operation of our
retaliatory measures, an opportunity would be
given to the Government of Great Britain to reduce
their postal arrangements to an amount that would
be satisfactory to us. It was easier to get into
difficulties than to get out of them; and whether
between individuals or nations, it was prudent not
to rush into difficulties hastily. There would be
more dignity in the course he suggested by his
amendment, and if the House should adopt it we
should stand on vantage ground. He therefore
hoped his amendment would be adopted.
Mr. GOGGIN made a brief reply to the remarks
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. J. R.
Ingers>oll,] but in a voice so low that most of
what he said was lost. So far as the reporter could
catch a portion of what was said, he understood
Mr. G. as reading various extracts from a corre-
spondence between our minister (Mr. Bancroft)
and Lord.Palmerston in relation to a proposed mu-
tual arrangement of postages on the transportation
of letters between this country and England. He
was understood to say that the entire intercourse
between these functionaries of the respective gov-
ernments had been conducted in the most friendly
spirit and with entire courtesy of manner; and the
result was an understanding that the United States
should take its own course in the matter, and the
: British Government would do the same. That
they understood their own interests better than
any one else; and that while we might legislate
with a view to better ourselves, they must adopt
such regulations as were most likely to prove
advantageous to themselves. He concluded by
expressing his hope that the amendment proposed
by Mr. Ingersoll would not prevail.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL inquired of Mr. Gog-
gin whether any legislative action had been had by
the British Parliament in relation to the rates of
postage complained of.
Mr. GOGGIN explained—stating (if correctly
heard) that Parliament had not acted on the sub-
ject for many years past, but the regulation of
their postages on foreign mail transportation had
always been left to the Post Office Department.
Mr. INGERSOLL said, what he wished further
to know was, whether the Lords of the Treasury
in England had acted in the case, or whether there
had merely been a correspondence between our
minister and Lord Palmerston. Lord Palmerston
was a man of dignified bearing, but not always of
the tardiest resolves, as was abundantly manifest-
ed during the war in the Peninsula and elsewhere.
The reason he had desired some short opportunity
