624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13.
claim*, and expedience has proved that it is not only a te-
dious and expensive, but also an imperfect mode 01 admin-
the Committee on the Judiciary inquire
into the expediency of providing bylaw a tribunal before
which all claims against the United States by individuals
shall be prosecuted and determined on the principles of
equity ; and that said committee have leave to report by bill
or otherwise.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, said, as
that subject was now before the Committee of
Claims, (having been referred to it by resolution,)
he objected to the reception of the resolution.
■ The resolution was not received.
On motion of Mr. RHETT, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
do inquire into the expediency of allowing to the heirs of
Captain John D. Trevillt, a captain in the fourth regiment
of artillery of the South Carolina line, commutation pay,on
account of the military services of the said John D. Treviile
ia the Revolution.
BRANCH MINT AT NEW YORK.
Mr. POLJLOCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill, introduced by Mr. Tallmadge,
to establish a branch mint in the city of New York
was referred to the Committee on Commerce, with
a view to move its reference to the Committee of
Ways and Means, to whom had been referred the
message of the President on the same subject.
Mr. TALLMADGE made a remark in reply to
Mr. Pollock, which was inaudible to the reporter.
The question on reconsidering was put and
agreed to, and the bill was then referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
THE CONTESTED ELECTION.
On motion of Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana,
the House proceeded to the consideration of the
report of the Committee of Elections in the case
of the contested election from the sixth Congres-
sional district of New York.
Mr. THOMPSON,chairman of the committee,
proceeded to state the facts of the case and the
reasons why a majority of the committee had re-
ported in favor of the contestant, James Monroe,
and against the sitting member, David S. Jackson.
The contestant's case was principally based on an
allegation that upwards of one hundred and forty-
three paupers, from the almshouse and hospital
in the eighteenth ward of the city of New York,
voted at the third election district of that ward,
from which they had not been admitted to those
institutions, ana where, it was argued, they con-
sequently were not residents, and not entitled to
vote—and that these, together with several con-
victs from Blackwell's Island, and some other
illegal votes, counterbalanced the majority of one
hundred and forty-three votes, which the returns
showed the sitting member to have received, leav-
ing Mr. Monroe a majority of fourteen.
The minority of the Committee of Elections re-
ported in favor of the sight of Mr. Jackson. The
right of paupers to vote was examined and main-
tained, in view of the laws and constitution of the
State of New York; and the facts and the testi-
mony on which the contestant maintained his claim
were reviewed, and deemed insufficient to unseat
the sitting member.
The case was argued by Mr. THOMPSON for
the contestant, and by Mr. MURPHY and Mr.
COBB, of Georgia, for the sitting member.
[Mr. Murphy has furnished us the following as
the substance of his remarks:
Mr. MURPHY" said, the conclusions to which
he had arrived, after a most caieful examination
of the case and the evidence, were so different
from those of the majority of the committee report-
ing, and so conclusive to his own mind, that he
would venture to lay them before the House. He
might add another reason why he should trespass
on the time of the House. It was because he had
observed the most studious efforts made to pre-
judge this case—he would not say in this House,
but through the public prints. These efforts had
been made in every direction. From this source
we have heaid it lepeated over and over again, that
immense frauds were perpetrated in the Congres-
sional district, the right of whose Representative
to a seat on this floor is now contested. It had
been charged that even convicts were taken from
the State prison, and permitted to vote in this dis-
trict. Not only had the contestant himself indulged
in making this charge, but the ma jority of the com-
mittee, in their report, (notwithstanding the prot-
estations of its chairman, Mr. R. W. Thompson,)
have even gone out of their way to say that frauds
of this kind have been perpetrated. He asserted
that there was no case of fact in the evidence to
warrant such a charge, either on the part of the
contestant or the committee. But, on the contrary,
there was ample proof that no such frauds were
perpetrated at all, much less in the district at the
election under consideration. To sustain this af-
firmation, he quoted from the report and printed
evidence a number of extracts—ail going to show,
from an investigation before the grand jury of the
city of New York, (where these alleged election
frauds were made a subject of presentment imme-
diately after the election,) that there was not a
particle of proof to sustain the charge; but that,
on the contrary, the fraud that was attempted was
detected and prevented; and no such illegal voting
as was charged did actually take place. He felt it
his duty to say thus much, not only in justice to
the sitting member, but to his State, where, though
there were unprincipled men, as elsewhere, who
might meditate an outrage on the ballot-box, there
were also vigilant officers and citizens enough to
prevent the successful perpetration of such frauds.
Mr. M. then went into an examination of the
general facts of the case, stating first, particularly,
that he disagreed with the majority of the commit-
tee both as to the law and the facts; and adding,
that," as he understood the report, the chairman of
the committee was incorrect in his statement that
the minority of the committee agreed with him as
to the construction of the law.
He then read the suffrage qualifications by the
constitution of the State of New York, which pro-
vides also where the elector shall vote. The qual-
ifications of a voter are, that he must be a free
white male citizen, twenty-one years of age, a res-
ident of the State one year and of the county six
months. With these qualifications he has a right
to vote, and he must vote in the town or ward in
which he actually resides,and not elsewhere. This
provision of the constitution speaks of the resi-
dence of the voter in the State and county, and
makes a distiction between this and the place where
he actually resides. The former was his residence
in legal intendment, the latter the place where he
happened to be at the time of the election. The
latter was not a qualifiation for voting, but a direc-
tion where a qualified voter should vote.
Mr. M. then proceeded to deny the power of the
State Legislature to change a constitutional provi-
sion; and to show that the law of New York of
1842, which provides that no person shall be deemed
to have acquiied or lost his residence by remaining
at school, consignment to an almshouse, or service
in the army or navy, &c., was, in case it was con-
strued to prevent a pauper in the almshouse from
voting in the district where the almshouse was
situated, who had been an inhabitant of the State
for one year and a resident of the county six
months, in conflict with the New York State con-
stitution—giving several cases by way of illustra-
tion—and was therefore pro tanlo void.
It was not contended by the minority that these
paupers acquired a legal residence by being in the
almshouse. They contended only that the alms-
house was their actual residence. The constitu-
tion of New York intended to give all free white
men, rich or poor, the right to vote; and a free i
black may vote, if he possesses a freehold of the
value of $250. r
He then proceeded to show that even if the pau-
pers were not entitled to vote, the sitting member
still held a just claim to his seat. Because of an
error in the figures of the majority report, he show-
ed that the result should have been stated at 152
pauper votes for Jackson, instead of 157. The
committee had charged Jackson, the sitting mem-
ber, in the first place, with 162 pauper votes; they
then admitted that five of these had voted for Mon-
roe, the contestant. They deducted five from the
162, and charged Jackson with 157, but neglected
to charge Monroe with five, or, what is the same,
to charge Jackson with a net pauper vote of 152.
This left Monroe's majority only nine, according
to the figures of the committee.
Having taken off these five pauper votes, he
proceeded to look at the balance, and showed how
the 152 pauper votes were made up—making copi-
ous reference to the printed evidence, and criti-
cising Mr. Eell's testimony in relation to these
pauper voters designated in schedule C of the
printed testimony. He showed that John Mc-
Gowan, (or McGovern,) William Harrison, James
Morrill, Geoige Carr, and Daniel Moran—five
names proved beyond question to be charged
against the sitting member—were not in the alms-
house at the time of the election, but had been
discharged several weeks before the election. He
mentioned also other seven names of this schedule,
charged against the sitting member, who were
never in the almshouse at all. He proposed to
throw three of these out of the question, in conse-
quence of imperfections in the almshouse register.
Others were charged against the sitting member,
who were not admitted to the almshouse till after
the election; and thus he added two names, which
he proposed to throw out of the question. He
proceeded in these examinations to the close of the
hour, showing in the total twenty votes thus im-
properly charged against the sittingmember; which
result would still leave him a majority of votes,
the legality of which must be admitted by all.]
Mr. NICOLL moved an adjournment; but he
withdrew that motion at the request of
Mr. WENTWORTH, who moved a call of the
House.
On this motion the yeas and nays were taken,
and it was decided in the negative: Yeas 76, nays
96.
Mr. VAN DYKE said he presumed the motion
just disposed of had been designed simply to gain
time, and as there was no disposition on his side
to come to a hasty conclusion, he moved that the
House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
And the House adjourned. .
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following memorials and petitions were presented
under the rule, and referred:
By Mr. PUTNAM : Concurient resolutions of the Legis-
lature ot' New York for the passage of a Jaw to secure tolhe
widows and orphans of officers and soldiers who fail in bat-
tle or die of wounds received in the service peiisioiib equal
to the pay proper of such officers and soldiers.
By Mr. McCLERNAND: The petition of C. C. Hopkins
and James A. Stuart, postmasters, and others, of Wayne,
Marion, and Hamilton counties, praying the establishment
of a post route fiom Hickory Hill, in Mai ion county, to Mc-
Cleansboro1, in Hamilton county.
By Mr. CHAPMAN: The memorial of the Corporation of
Washington, for an appropriation of money or lands to aid
public schools in Washington. AHo, the memoiial of citi-
zens ot the eastern section of the District of Columbia, pray-
ing that the Eastern Branch bridges in said District may he
made free.
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Iowa: The petition of Josiah
McCasky, praying (or a revision of the laws in regard to fu-
gitives from justice.
By Mr. CROWELL: The petition of Alpheus Wright,
Sidney Edgerton, and others, citizens of Tallmadge, Summit
county, Ohio, praying Congiess to grant the prayer of Asa
Whitney, e^q , of New York, by setting apart during the
present session the strip of land prayed for by Mr. W Imney,
for the purpose of constructing a railioad from Lake Michi-
gan to the Pacific Ocean.
By Mr. HOLMES, of New York: The petition and other
papers of Naaman Goodsell, asking pay for services and ex-
penses incurred in attending before the Committee on Com-
meice. to aive information m regard to otu lake trade.
By Mr. KAUFMAN: The petition of W. Baker, for com-
pensation for wheels and looms furnished the Choctavvs.
By Mr. NICOLL: The memorial of the Boaid of Under-
writes of the city of New York, and others, for the erection
of a breakwater on the northeastern point on the island of
Nantucket.
By Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania: The petition of
Sila  Reed, a citizen of Missomi, preferring numerous
charges of official misconduct against F. R. Conwav, esq.,
suiveyor general for the States of Illinois and Missouri.
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition of James Rankin and
others, citizens ot township 38, of range 22, Hickory county,
Missouri, praying to be permitted to select section 29,in the
same township, in lieu of the 16th section. ALo, that the
petition of John Davenport, for arrears of pension, be taken
from the files of the Clerk's office.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Jipril 13, 1848.
Mr. BELL presented a petition from citizens of
Louisville, Kentucky, and the surrounding coun-
try, praying for an appropriation for the repair of
the dam at Cumberland Island, in the Ohio river;
which was laid on the table.
Mr. BELL then moved that the previous orders
be postponed, and that the Senate now proceed to
the consideration of the bill relating to this subject.
If the appropriation was to be made at all, it should,
to effect any good, be made now. He anticipated
no opposition to the bill, and hoped the Senate
would agree to his motion.
Mr. BAGBY, regarding this as one of the meas-
ures the constitutionality of which was exceedingly
doubtful, expressed a hope that the motion would
not be agreed to.
Mr. BELL briefly replied that he presumed, as
the Senator from Alabama felt a difficulty on the.
