1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
6.27
the want of proper vigilance on the part of the
pilots. The wreck of the "Mexico," and several
other vessels, near the harbor of New York, in-
volving; great loss of life and property, attracted
much attention to the subject, and the representa-
tions made in consequence excited investigation
here, and this law was the result. It was said,
here is a common port, partly founded by the State
of New York and partly by the State of New Jer-
sey. The pilots of New Jersey are riot permitted
to bring vessels into the harbor which are bound
for the State of New York-, but they are autho-
rized to bring them into the same harbor, provided
they are bound to the State of New Jersey. Now,
on this common water, it was said, we will make
the right of pilotage a common right, and cieate a
competition, in order to see whether the recurrence
of those evils maybe prevented. That was the
argument which wa,s presented, and under it the
law was passed authorizing the pilots of New
Jersey as well as those of New York, to bring
vessels into the harbor. What was the result?
The whole evil vanished immediately. Instead of
anchoring quietly at Sandy Hook, leaving vessels
to grope their way int6 the harbor, as they might,
incurring all the dangers of shipwreck, the pilot
boats are now often found one hundied miles out
at sea in search of vessels. Free competition has
been created, shipwrecks in the neighborhood of
that harbor are almost unknown, and the pilotage
of that important harbor has been placed on a foot-
ing highly satisfactory to the merchants, ship-own-
ers, ship-masters, insurance offices, and all interest-
ed in the navigating and commercial interests of the
port. I do not know whether I am authorized to
say that there is not a merchant m the city of New
York who would desire the repeal of this law;
but I think 1 am authorized to say that every in-
surance office in that city, the Chamber of Com-
merce, and the merchants generally, are all desirous
that the law should remain as it is; and why?
Because these interests are safe m the present con-
dition of things, whereas they were unsafe under
the former arrangement.
This is a brief, general view of the case, in which
the facts will, Ibelieve, fully sustain me. My friend
says that the present system works a little practi-
cal injustice towards the State of New York. Why,
I have understood the honorable Senator from New
Jersey has intimated that the New York pilots
have been diligent in season and out of season,
since the passage of the law, endeavoring to obtain
ix repeal of that law; not because tlioy arc impelled
or justified by any of the gieat interests involved,
but because they desire a monopoly, under /he
presumption that they will make a piopiru^e of
their power if you repeal this law. Well, I hiii
convinced that none of those interested m insuiaucc
business or in property nfloui upon the ocenn, will
desire that experiment to betiiod. Hut the gen-
tleman from New York contends that it works
some practical inequality—that a certain degiee of
power is taken from New York, heretofore con-
ceded to her, and which ought to remain there.
Now, what is the theory of this pilot law? I ap-
prehend that my fiiend from New York has fallen
into a little error, in reference to the exercise of
this power by the States. lie says, very truly,
that m 1789 Congress passed a law recognizing,
and perhaps adopting—I am quite willing it should
be so regarded—the then existing laws of the Uni-
ted States upon the subject of pilotage, making the
laws of the States their own laws; but they go a
step further than that, and intimate that the laws
hereafter passed by the several States shall be the
laws to regulate pilotage, and that that is a grant
of power to the States under the Constitution of
the United States. Well, now, I appichend that
if the gentleman will reflect for one moment on
this view of the subject, he will be inclined to doubt
whether that was the intent of that law. "1 do not
think it is legitimately subject to such a construc-
tion. Such a view of it is not reconcilable with
the Constitution. It is quite impossible that Con-
gress should, by its legislative power, change the
•terms and conditions of the Constitution. If this
power to regulate the pilotage be vested in Con-
gress alone, why, then, Congress can control, by
legislation, no power in the Suites. It is a sol-
ecism to assume that Congress can amend or change
the Constitution by an act of legislation. I think
it is necessary only to state that view of the case,
in order to have the result to which the mind is
led made perfectly palpable.
Mr. DIX. I stated that Congress recognized
the future legislation of the States, and by so doing
virtually clothed the States with power over this
subject, to be exercised by them until resumed by
the legislative power of the General Government.
I had no idea that the form of the constitutional
power was changed.
Mr. DAVIS. This is precisely the thing against
which I contend. Congress can confer no power
by legislative acts, unless conferred by the Consti-
tution itself. How, then, are the State laws to be
sustained? It is evident that the States were re-
garded by Congress as.having a concurrent power
on this subject. They have exercised it at all times,
and they by no means derive that power from the
legislative action of Congress. The harbor laws,
health regulations, and all that power exercised by
the States—the whole system of sanitary laws, is
based upon the ground that the States hold con-
current power with the United States. The United
States may, when they choose to exercise the
power, exclude the States^ but so long as they are
not excluded, the States have a right to exercise
the power. However, this is not a very material
question. I believe no one doubts the authority
of the States to legislate on the subject. The ques-
tion now before us is simply whether the law of the
United States shall be repealed, and we shall return
to the system which existed at the time when this
law was made. And what are the reasons urged
for the repeal ? New York, in common with New
Jersey, exercises jurisdiction with regard to the
pdotage over the water by which both States are,
m pari, bounded; and it is said that the Stale of
Now York cannot regulate her pilotage to her sat-
isfaction. Why not? The State of New Jersey
regulates it by law. She funis no difficulty in .sub-
jecting the whole system to the contiol of her law,
nor in carrying the law into execution. The St ile
of New York might adopt the same system, and
carry it out as successfully as the State of New
Jersey. Why, then, should the law be repealed ?
it is alleged that the Jersey pilots are incompetent.
Well, who is the best judge of that—those who
own vessels, those who insure them, those who
have property on board, or the pilots themselves?
Is it at all likely that the system can be an unsafe
one, when, for eight or ten years—for eleven years,
as I am just now informed by my friend from New
Jersey—the system has gone on successfully, to the
perfect satisfaction of the shipping interest, the in-
suring interest, the merchants, and all others whose
interests are concerned ? It is obvious that the sole
motive and object of those who seek the repeal of
the law, is to regain possession of that monopoly
which they formerly enjoyed. I might, by ad-
vening to authorities, makegood the potation which
I have assumed, that the interests of the country
imperatively demnnd of Congress that this law
.should be suffered to lcmain as it is. Certainly the
law should be allowed to stand until the State of
New York calls upon us, by its action, to interfere
with the present system.
Mr. CASS. As the morning hour has expired,
I trust that this subject will be passed over infor-
mally, so that the special order may be taken up.
Mr. DIX. I meicly wish to say that I do not
intend to continue the debate, but to remark, that
I do not,believe one word has been urged against
the lull by the gentlemen who have spoken in op-
position to it winch is not susceptible of satisfac-
tory explanation. The gentleman from New
Jersey thinks that I am in error in saying that the
law was hurried through both branches of Con-
gress. In reply, I would simply state, that the
bill was introduced into this body on the 28th of
Febi nary—it not being even leap year—and re-
ceived three readings the same day. It then went
to the other House, where it passed in the same
manner, on the 2d of March, without any debate,
and very little consideration, as I believe, and after
a committee in the other House had reported
against any action on the subject. I wish to make
this statement, in order to correct the Senator m
imputing to me any error. I will now move that
this subject be passed by infoimally, and the or-
der of the day be taken up. I have no desire to
press the matter now; nor. &hall I call the bill up
in the absence of those Senators who may be par-
ticularly interested in it.
The bill was then passed over informally.
CALIFORNIA CX.AIMS.
The Senate resumed the consideration, as in
Committee of the Whole, of the bill for ascertain-
ing and paying the California claims.-"
The question pending was upon agreeing to the
motion made by Mr. Mason, to recommit the bill
to the Committee on Military Affairs, with in-
structions to amend it.
Mr. BADGER requested the Senator from Vir-
ginia to withdraw his motion for the moment, to -
afFord him an opportunity of offering an amend-
ment.
Mr. MASON assented, and withdrew his mo-
tion.
Mr. BADGER then moved to amend the bill by
striking out the words " the President be, and he
hereby is, authorized to appoint a board, consisting
of," in the 9th and 10th lines of the 2d section, ana
by striking out the word "which," in the 12th
line; and inserting in lieu thereof the words " to be
selected by the President of the United States,
shall constitute a," and by inserting in said line
the word " which" after the word " board."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BADGER. I wish td submit a very few
remarks, without going at all into the history of
these claims. The question has been already dis-
cussed in a full and satisfactory manner by gentle-
men who are perfectly familiar with all the facts.
I desire only to submit a few observations to the
Senate in reference to the supposed constitutional
ditficulty relative to the manner in which this board
is to be constituted. If I understand the honorable
Senator from Virginia correctly, he supposes that
this is a bill undertaking to accomplish by direct
legislation, what, in consistency with the Consti-
tution, can be done only through the intervention
j ol'the action of the Executive, and upon the ground
tlu>t we propose hereby astatuti. to appoint co-Main
officers of the United States; whereas the Consti-
tution declares tnat officers of the United States
shall be nominated by the President, and be by him
appointed by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate. If this were so, it would follow as a
clear and undeniable consequence that the Senate
is bound either to reject the bill, or so to alter this
provision as to make it conformable to the Consti-
tution. But, in my apprehension, that objection is
founded on a mistake. That section of the bill
contemplates the doing of nothing that is in viola-
tion of the Constitution of the United States. It
does not propose to appoint officers of the United
States in the sense in which the Constitution uses
those terms in reference to the power of appoint-
ment by the President. The Constitution neces-
sarily deals in general terms, and it follows, as the
trainers of that instrument, to avoid needless and
' embmrassing specification, use general terms, an
; interpretation is to be given to the Constitution with
■ reference to the existing wants and necessities of
! the people, and continual reference is to be had to
; the great purposes which we should suppose were
j intended to be accomplished by the particular pro-
I vision under consideration.
t Now, m the first ptacc, I do not look upon the
j persons proposed to be designated by this bill as
j officers of the United States in the sense of the
j Constitution. It is manifest that there are many
' agencies, trusts, charges, which the necessities of
j the Government may require, in reference to which
| the persons who are called upon to discharge and
j perform those duties cannot be called officers of the
| United States in the sense in which the Constitu-
j tion uses the term. In one sense they are officers.
' The duties which they discharge may be said to
] constitute an otliee, for theie is perhaps no word
' in the En«hsh language of more extensive signifi-
cation than the word office. It embraces every duty
which we are called upon to discharge in our rela-
tions to others, whether judicial, executive, admin-
istrative, or otherwise; and all the functions which
we are called upon to perform—so far as they re-
spect the benefit and happiness of those persons,
! and which, therefore, places us in the confidential
relation of trust towards them—are emphatically
; offices. The State itself is an office, the duties to
be discharged are offices, but the word is usedalso
in a restricted and defined sense. When the ^sr0^*'
ernment finds it necessary to call upon somebody
to examine into an individual claim, and to deter-
• mine whether that claim against the Government
' is just or not, is the person thus chosen an officer
of the United States within the meaning of the
Constitution?' If the Government of the United
States, or if Congress thmk proper to call artists
to adorn these halls with pictures and statuary, is
