628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
the person who is called upon to execute this
work an officer of the United Sfates within the
meanino- of the Constitution, and to be appointed
with the advice and consent of the Senate? If
Congress find it necessary to make a collection of
State papers, and to have them condensed and
arranged, and a general review of the historical
and diplomatic transactions of the country execu-
ted, is the person who is called upon to discharge
that duty an officer of the United States within the
meaning of the term as used in the provision of
the Constitution to which I have referred? I ap-
prehend these questions must all be answered in
the negative. And these and other temporary
and occasional employments cannorbe confounded
with those continuing public trusts which, in the
Constitution, are called offices. I admit, that in
this as in any other moral subject, the boundary
which subdivides its different parts is not and
cannot be defined with exactness; and, hence, as
you advance towards it, you find yourself in some
degree of obscurity, and at length find yourself
unable to ascertain with precise accuracy to which
sideof the line a particular class of subjects belongs.
But still-we have to deal with these as with every
other moral subject, by taking the guidance of
common sense and reason. And inasmuch as the
establishment of a contrary doctrine would in-
volve great practical difficulties in carrying on the
Government, I should feel content, even if the
past history and practice of the Government did
not furnish any precedents, to give to this term
the signification which I have now stated in its
connection with the bill before us. But this point
has been already decided; and sensible, for my
own part, of the great importance of regarding the
Constitution as the same at all times and places, I
believe that in all cases in which questions have
been fully considered and solemnly decided, they
should be regarded as settled at once and forever.
Gentlemen may differ, however, in this view of the
subject, though it seems to me that in a question of
this kind it is absolutely indispensable, unless we
would fetter ourselves at every step of our pro-
gress, that we should yield to what has been the
clear, undoubted authority of all the departments
of this Government, legislative, executive, ayd judi-
cial. Let me now refer to a few of the cases of
legislation in which the same general principle may
be considered as being involved:
6th February, 1817. ily the act of this date, John Thiim-
bull was employed to compose and exccute four paintings
commemorative of the most important events of the Revolu-
tion, to be placed, when finished, m the Capitol of the Uni-
ted States.
2d March, 1831. By the act of this date, Gales <$- Section
were designated by name ta furnish a publication of State
papers, under certain prescribed terms and conditions.
2d March, 1833. By the act of this date, Matthew St.
Clair Clarke and Peter Force were designated by name to
fiu uish a Documentary History of the Ttevolution, under cer-
tain prescribed terms and conditions.
2.1 March, 1S29. By the act of this date, L. Persic© was
employed to execute two statues in front uf the Capitol,
&c.
2d March, 1831. By the act of this date, the employment of
James Parker was sanctioned, and he was compensated for
investigating the accounts of Robert Arnold, late collector of
Amboy.
7th July, 1338. By the act of this date, a mission among
the wild tribes of Indians of the southwest, by A. P. Chin-
teau, authorized, and an appropriation of $20,000 made lor
his outfit, and the expenditures growing out of and connect-
ed with bringing on deputations of said tribes, which he has
been authorized to do.
7th July, 1833. R> an act of this date, Dr. Henry Perrine
was authorized to ioim a settlement, and admit settlcra
upon certain conditions, with a view to promote and encour-
age the introduction and cultivation oftropical plants in the
United States.
29th September, 1789. Act to recognize and adapt to the
Constitution of the United States the establishment of the
troops iai ed under the resolvesof the United Mates m Con-
gress assembled, and for other purposes therein mentioned
by which ail the officers belonging to the military force und«r
the Conlederation were at once made officers of the United
States by foicj ol the act itself.
14th July, 1832 Ky act for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of Nimrod Fariow and Richard Harris. Third
Auditor of the Treasury, Second Comptroller, and Chailes
Gratiot wue aui'io: i/.eri to examine the claims of the said
representatives, to take testimony, and repoit the same, kc.
This last case is precisely like that now under
consideration of the Senate. This bill provides
that the board shall be constituted of three indi-
viduals, of whom one is expressly designated by
name; the other two to be selected by-the Presi-
dent from the officers of the late California battal-
ion. What are they to do? To discharge precisely
the same functions as those which devolved upon
the commissioners under the provision of the act
just cited. We thus find, that immediately after
the adoption of the Constitution, there was not
thought to be any difficulty in Congress, by an act
of legislation, bringing into the service of the Uni-
ted States a whole class of officers without any
nomination by the President, or confirmation by
the Senate, or appointment by any person acting
in behalf of the United States. These are all legis-
lative precedents; but inasmuch as they were act3
of Congress, and all received the approval and
sanction of the President of the United States, they
involve the undoubted approbation of the Legisla-
tive and Executive departments of this country in
regard to the proposition for which I contend—
that, whatever may be the meaning of the term
officer of the United States, as used m the Consti-
tution, it does not include those commissioners who
are employed in the occasional auditing and settle-
ment of accounts and examination of claims against
the Government, nor require that the persons who
are to discharge these duties should be appointed by
the President of the United States. Doubtless Con-
gress can if it please constitute an office for this
purpose, if it deem that the best mode of accom-
plishing the object. But if in iheir wisdom they
choose, as in the present case, that the duty shall
be performed by commissioners, they may consti-
tute that commission in any way which seems
best, subject to the usual provision, that it meet
the approbation of the President of the United
States.
But I said that this view of the question has
received judicial sanction. Early in the first term
of General Washington's administration, an act
was .passed by Congress to provide for the settle-
ment of claims of the widows and orphans of those
who fell in the war. By that law the claimants'
were directed to apply to the circuit courts of the
United States, which were to receive the evidence,
examine the merits of the claims, and pass their
judgment upon them. What was the view taken
of the law by the judges? I read from "American
! State Papers," Miscellaneous volume, page 49:
" Jit a stated circuit court of the United States held for the
district of New York, at the city oj New York;, on Thursday,
the fifth day of Jipril, one thousand seven hundred and
ninety two, at ten of the clock, ante meridian.
u Present: The Hon. John Jay, Esq., Chief JuM'ce of the
United States; the Hon. William Ciuhm , Esq , one of the
associate justices of the Supreme Court of the United States;
the Hon. James Duane, Esq., judge of the diatnct of New
York.
"The court proceeded to take into consideration the fol-
lowing act of Congress of the United States, viz:
"'AN ACT to provide for the settlement of the claims
of widows and orphans barred by the limitations heretofore
established, and to regulate the claims to invalid pensions.'
" As, therefore, the business assigned to tins court by the
act is not judicial, nor directed to be performed judicially,
the act can only be considered as appointing commissioners
for the purposes mentioned in ii by official instead of personal
descriptions.
" That the judges of this court regard themselves as being
tlie commissioners designated by this act, and therefore as
beine at liberty to accept or to decline that office.
" That as the objects of this act are exceedingly benevo-
lent, and do real honor to the humanity and justice of Con-
gress, and as the judges desire to manifest on all proper
occasions and in every proper manner their high respect for
the National Legislature, they will execute this act in the
capacity of commissioners.
• "That as the Legislature have a right to extend the ses-
sion of thi  court for any term which they may think proper
by lavy to a&ogn, the term of five days, as directed by this
act, ought to be punctually observed.
" That the judges of tills court will, as usual, during the
session thereof, adjourn the court from day to day, or other
short periods, as circumstances may render proper, and that
they will regularly between the adjournments pioceed as
commissioners to execute the busine&s of tins act in the
same court-room or chamber."
It is thus clearly seen that the court recognizes
the authority of Congress to constitute the com-
missioners by name, for they say they will inter-
pret the act as one appointing them commissioners
by official instead of personal description. Here,
then, we have cases continually occurring from
1789 down to the present day, in which the prin-
ciple for which I contend has been fully recognized
and sanctioned. One of these cases is of recent
occurrence. I allude to the appointment of an
arbitrator in the Pea Patch Island case. I will not
trouble the Senate, however, by a reference to
those cases. Enough has, I think, been submitted
to satisfy the Senate that there is no constitutional
impediment to the passage of the bill before it.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President: It is my desire to
trouble the Senate for only a very few moments in
regard to these claims, to the payment of which I
have heard no opposition. All seem to admit their
justice, and appear to have no objection to the pas-
sage of such a law as may be necessary to insure
their speedy settlement. The only difficulty which
has been started in opposition to the bill before us
is, that Congress has not the power to name com-
missioners orappointan individual—call him what
you will, officer, arbitrator, or what you please— 
to determine the amount of the claims.
This, Mr. President, appears to me to be a strange
doctrine, more particularly at a time when so man y
complaints are heard about Executive patron'age,
and the difficulties into which the extension of it is
leading us. It seems very strange, that just at this
moment we should claim for the Executive, with-
out any direct and positive statement to that effect,
it is true, but by inference, powers which, as the
courts have decided, do not properly belon* to
him. What is the case before us? Certain indi-
viduals have claims against the Government of the
United States, and, whether they be few or many,
one or a thousand, the principle is precisely the
same; this Congress has the power, the right, it is
their duty, and they are in the daily performance
of that duty, to investigate, to look into, and de-
termine upon such claims, and provide by law for
their payment. They refer similar claims to their
committees, and are in the daily habit of assigning
them for examination to the Solicitor of the Treas-
ury, the Secretary of War, the Auditors of the
Treasury, and other officers. And for what pur-
pose? Why, sir, to ascertain whether the claims
be just. It is notapublicor official duty which the
individual to whom a claim is thus referred is called
upon to perform; it is a private duty, separate and
distinct from any official relation. The reference is
fof the purpose of determining whether the claim be
just or not; and if the referee, as arbitrator, deter-
mine that it is just, we pass the laws for paying it.
Now, sir, this is a reference, not to the officer se-
lected as such for the purpose, but to the individ-
ual, the name of the office being merely used by
way of designation or description. It may be
contended that this is nothing more than imposing
an additional duty upon an officer whose duties
are already prescribed and defined; buf this is, in
rny opinion, a mistake. The duty thus imposed
is of a specific and not of a public character. We
refer, for instance, the claim of A B to the Auditor
of the Post Office Department. I would ask, does
it therefore follow that we invest that officer with
the right also to decide upon the claim of CD?
Clearly not. Hence it is not an additional official
duty imposed, but merely a simple reference of a
private matter.
The Constitution declares, that all officers whose
appointments are not otherwise provided for, shall
be appointed by the President. Theclause to which
I have reference is in these words. Enumerating
the powers of the President, it declares:
<£ He shall have power, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, to make treaties, provided two-thirds of the
Senators present concur; and he shall nominate, and, by
and with the advice and consentof the Senate, shall appoint
ambassadors, other public ministers and consuls, judges of
the Supreme Court, and all other officers of the, United States
whose appointments arc not herein otherwise provided for,
and which shall be established by law; but the Congress
mav by law vest the appointment of such inferior officers
as they think proper in the President alone, in the courts of
law, or in the heads of departments."
This is the clause underwhich it is assumed the
proposed appointment is unconstitutional. The
question then arises, what is the meaning of the
term " officer?" What is the precise interpreta-
tion intended to be attached to the word "officer"
by the framers of the Constitution? Did they use
it in its most broad and unrestricted sense? Ac-
cording to the most comprehensive meaning of the
term, the performance of any duty may be called
an office, and of necessary consequence he who
discharges it becomes an officer. Is it not prepos-
terous to suppose that the framers of the Constitu*
tion intended to use the word in this unconfined
sense, and thus indicate that the President should
appoint every person to whom any duty may be
assigned ? It seems to me that the only construc-
tion which can be fairly and legitimately put upon
this article pf the Constitution is, that it provides
for the appointment of public functionaries or those^
officers who are attached generally to the service*
of the Government of the United States, and indis-
pensable in carrying out the ordinary administra-
tion of its affairs. The word " officer," in this
connection, carries with it the idea of permanence
and of vacation and succession. According to the
common law, officers are said to be of two kinds,
public and private. Jt is laid down, and no one
will dispute the assertion, that an attorney at law
