1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
629
is an officer of the courts; and yet no person wilt
venture to contend that, under the provision of the
Constitution to which X refer, no lawyer can prac-
tise in the Supreme Court of the United States,
unless he be appointed by the President. Attor-
neys are admitted to the bar by the permission of
the court itself; the authority fir the power thus
exercised by it is nowhere to be found in the stat-
ute book, but is one of the incidents necessarily
connected with the due administration of justice.
They are, however, officers, nevertheless.
There is a case, Mr. President, in point, which
was decided in Virginia, and which goes far to
illustrate the difference between a public and a pri-
vate officer The case referred to is that of B. W.
Leigh, who applied for admission to the bar as an
attorney. They had in Virginia a statute requi-
ring all officers to take an oath against duelling.
Mr. Leigh refused to take this oath, and after
argument and deliberate consultation, the court
decided that the office of attorney was not a pub-
lic office belonging to the Commonwealth, and that
therefore the applicant was not bound to take the
oath.
Now, Mr. President, I will ask whether, if we
pass this bill, and appoint Colonel Fremont to
adjust these claims, he will thereby become an
officer of the Government of the United States? So
soon as he shall have performed the duty assigned
him, his office, if you please to call it so, will cease
to exist. It has reference to private claims, and is
precisely of the nature of an arbitration. And, sir,
if Congress has not the power to refer a private
claim to an arbitrator, who shall determine upon
its fairness, unless the President shall nominate
and appoint such arbitrator? Then, sir, none of
your Federal courts have a right to refer a case to
arbitration, unless the arbitrators be appointed by
the Executive. Now, sir, if such be the provis-
ion of the Constitution, would a court of the United
States, having equity jurisdiction, have a right to
appoint even an auditor, unless under the sanction
of the President's nomination? Establish this doc-
trine, sir, and you will confer on the President an
extent of patronage far greater than that which he
at present possesses, and infinitely beyond what,
as it appears to me, the framers of the Constitution
ever intended him to exercise.
But, Mr. President, there are authorities on this
subject in addition to the decision of the Supreme
Court, already cited by the honorable Senator from
North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] which is of itself
conclusive on this point. I refer to the case of
Kendall vs. United States, in 12 Peters' Reports.
On the 2d of July, 1836, Congress passed a law
requiring the Solicitor of the Treasury to determine
upon the amount of a claim held by Stockton &
Stokes against the Post Office Department, which
law also required, that after the Stilicitor should
have made his award, the Postmaster General
should pass the amount to the credit of those in-
dividuals. The Solicitor of the Treasury did make
his award, not as solicitor, but as arbitrator, and
it is in this character alone the court consider him.
They, sir, are not found straining phrases, and
wresting and distorting the meaning of the Consti-
tution, for the purpose of conferring upon him any
other or greater power than that intended by the
reference, but he is regarded and treated merely as
an arbitrator. The Postmaster General contended
strongly against this award, but he never dreamed
of urging that the law of Congress, which made
the Solicitor of the Treasury the arbitrator, was
unconstitutional. He is regarded in that point of
view, throughout the whole proceeding, by the Su-
preme Court. That distinguished tribunal thought
it was competent for Congress to vest the authority
in an officer of the Government, or in any one else;
and under its decision, it seems to me, with all due
deference to theopinions of gentlemen more learned
than myself, as well as according to the plain lan-
guage of the Constitution, Congress possesses the
perfect right to submit claims against the Govern-
ment to the examination and arbitrament of an
officer of the Government, a private citizen, or even
of an alien, without in the slightest degree inter-
fering with, or encroaching upon, the prerogative
of the President of the United States.
1 read, Mr. President, from 12 Peters' Reports,
page 611: •
«" Under this law the Postmaster General is vested with
no discretion or control over the decisions of the Solicitor;
nor is any appeal or review of that decision provided tor by
tlje act. The terms of the submission was a matter resting
ntirely in tti© discretion of Congress ■ and if tiltyr thought
proper to vest such a power in any one, and especially as
tlie arbitrator was an officer of the Government, it did not
re?t with the Postmaster General to control Congress, or the
Solicitor, in that affair. It is unnecessary to say how far
Congress init;ht have interfered, by legislation, after the re-
port of the Solicitor. But if there was no fraud or miscon-
duct in the arbitrator, of.vvliieh none is pretended or sug-
gested, it may well be questioned whether the relations had
not acquired such a vested right as to be beyond the power
of Congress to deprive them of it."
Now, sir, unless I am most grossly in error,
this decision of the Supreme Court puts the ques-
tion at rest, beyond the reach of all cavil or con-
troversy; and I deem it entirely useless to say
anything further upon this point.
The question which next presents itself, Mr.
President, is—are these claims to be paid? It is
not my intention to enler into a detailed history of
the transactions which gave rise to the responsi-
bilities, for which the Government is held, as I
think most justly, liable; but I will go sufficiently
far into the subject to satisfy every unprejudiced
mind that the claims are not only just and equita-
ble, but further, that they arc of the most binding
and sacred character; that they should be imme-
diately paid, and that the interests of the Govern-
ment "will be best promoted by the prompt liquida-
tionand payment of them. What,sir,I would ask,
are the nature and character of these claims ? What
are they? In the early part of the year 1846, we
find Colonel Frfmont in California, engaged on
business totally unconnected with the army, and
pursuing his topographical researches. After hav-
ing obtained authority from the Governor of the
Province to make hissurveysand examinations,for
thepurpose of increasing the stores of human knowl-
edge, and having entered upon his scientific labors,
we behold him notified, that he must quit the coun-
try. This notice was peremptory, and triven in a
manner highly offensive and insulting. Having de-
layed a few days after the notice, he was threat-
ened with being driven out of the country. It is
probable, that if the order had come without the
threat, Colonel Fremont would have left, rather
llian have had any misunderstanding with the
local authorities; but, being threatened, sir, he
very properly, as I think, took his position with
his command of sixty men, and hoisted the flag of
the United State?, determined to remain until he
was prepared to leave; and when he was ready,
sir, he quitted the country and went to Oregon.
We next find him in Oregon, where he is over-
taken by a messenger, an officer of the Govern-
ment, who bore to him a letter, and—there is no
use in concealing it, sir—although it purported to
be a mere letter of introduction, it was, in real-
ity, an official document, accrediting the bearer of
it to Colonel Fremont, with a view to the union
of the two, in devising some means to counter-
act the designs of the British emissaries. Captain
Gillespie, the officer to whom I allude, in his evi-
dence before the Committee on Military Affairs,
states, that he was directed to convey the order of
the Government to Colonel Fremont, to watch the
interests of the United States in California. This,
sir, was the purport of Captain Gillespie's mission;
and so soon as the communication was made to
him, Colonel Fremont returned to California, under
the order of his Government, and by its express
authority. Immediately after his arrival, the
American settlers, who knew him and placed en-
tire confidence in him, called upon him for aid and
protection; and under what circumstances was this
call made, sir? The families of those settlers, who
had been previously invited to take up their abode
there, had been ordered, through the influence of
British agents, operating upon the local authorities,
to leave the country forthwith. A large force of
troops was raised to drive out these unhappy peo-
ple to where they must either perish from starva-
tion, or be exposed to the tomahawk and scalping-
knife of the blood-thirsty and merciless savages.
Nor is this all, Mr. President. The evidence
before the Committee on Military Affairs shows
clearly that the Indians had been incited to com-
mence the work of destruction, by burning up the
crops, and the indiscriminate slaughter of women
and children. In all this, sir, asl conceive, may
be seen the agency of the emissaries of the British
Government. In what war have we ever been
engaged with Great Britain that she did not incite
the Indians against us? Yes, sir. And are not the
Indians urged on by British agents, overrunning
nearly the whole of Yucatan?
It was under such circumstances as these, sir,
•that Colonel Fremont was exiled upon to prevent
the slaughter of the families of the American set-
tlers, and shield them from the horrors Of Indian '
butchery and outrage. What did he then.do, sir?
Colonel Fremont stands in need of no commenda-
tion from me; he has established a reputation for
himself, by braving dangers and fatigues—a well- *
earned reputation, which had extended itself far,
beyond the limits of the United States. Had he
faltered on this occasion even for an instant, and
refused to listen to the appeal which was then made
to him, his lofty fame and wide-spread renown
would have been blasted in a moment. It would
have been lost beyond the possibility of redemp-
tion.
From the limited acquaintance which I have with
Colonel Fremont, I am induced to believe he would
have risked, not only his life, but, what is infinitely
more valuable, his reputation, to gratify his deep
feelings of generous sympathy with his distressed
countrymen. He obeyed their call, sir; and so
far from meriting any blame for so doing, he de-
serves, for this act alone, the very highest com-
mendation that can be bestowed upon him. His
influence operated upon the Indians. They knew
him to be an officer of this Government, who had
incurred the displeasure of the authorities of Cal-
ifornia. Under these circumstances, lie acted
promptly, Mr. President, in deftnee of the Amer-
ican settlers; who turned out with all of their dis-
posable means, and made common cause with
him, not only against the authorities by whom they
were persecuted, but against the British agents by
whose influence that persecution had been brought
about.
The country was declared independent, I believe,
on the 5th of July. It will be recollected that pre-
vious to this time, I think in the month of May or
June, Commodore Sloat, who had been sent out on
the Pacific, wrote to the Government here, that he
was about to take possession of California, as he
found there were British vessels on the coast, hav-
ing, as he believed,some designs against the_ coun-
try. Shortly afterwards, the same officer "wrote,
that he would not assume the responsibility; and
lie did not take possession of California, until the
operations of Colonel Fremont in that quarter had
determined him to do it. In a few days, I believe,
after the declaration of independence was made,
he took possession of Monterey, and shortly after-
wards, the gallant Commodore Stockton arrived
there with orders from hisGovernment to take pos-
session. .
It will thus be seen, sir, that all of the expenses
which were incurred in the operations in that coun-
try, with the exception of those which took place
during the very brief lime preceding the arrival of
Commodore Stockton, were incurred with the ex-
press sanction of the Government, and under the
immediate direction of its commanding officer.
Shall we then, sir, repudiate these claims? Shall
we sav to these people "we will not pay you?"
Would it be just to do so? Will any Senator
within these walls say, that for obeying the best
and most humane dictates of his heart—for risking
his life and reputation to preserve women and
children from savage butchery, Colonel Fremont
shall pay, himself, the expenses attending the gal-
lant act—the more especially when tlie consequence
of that act has been to prevent California from
falling into the hands of the British Government?
Is there any one here who wishes to throw the
responsibility on him? I think not.
It seems to me, Mr. President, that our right to
appoint an arbitrator is beyond all doubt, in which
opinion I am sustained by the decision of the Su-
preme Court. As to the justice of the claims, I
have not heard a single whisper to the contrary,
and such being the case, I hope the bill will pass,
and pass promptly. .
There is yet an additional and very powerful
reason for its passage. The citizens who gave up
everything for the defence of the country, and who
were the means of saving it to tlie United ista .
are now in a state of destitution. They ar y
fellow-citizens; it is al-important that you^con-
vince them by your first act, that you are duspose(i
tn he iust - and will not postpone the payment ot
Uieir equitable claims. "This is the way to attach -
citizens to the Government. P , ;
It maybe well to add that Colonel Fremont is
the person who may, with propriety, be
charged with the settlement of these claims. He
knows the nature and extent of them; it was un-
der his eye that they had their origin; the people
