1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
633
rotary of War, transmitting a report of the head of the Ord-
nance bureau, wilh the accompanying papers, relative to
" the repeating fire-ai ms invented by Samuel Colt."
Such is the favorable opinion entertained of tlie value of
this arm, particularly for mounted corps, that the Secretary
of War, as will be seen by Ins report, has contracted with
Mr. Colt tor two thousand of his pistols. He has offered to
contract for an additional number, at liberal prices, but the
inventor is unwilling to furnish them at the prices offered.
The invention for th$ construction of these arms being
patented, the United States cannot manufacture them at the
Government armories, without a previous purchase of the
right to do so. The right to use iiis patent, by the United
States, the inventor 13 unwilling to dispose of at a price
deemed reasonable. JAMES K. POLK.
Washinuton iSjiri! 13,1848.
The message having been read, it was ordered
to lie on the table.
PETITIONS.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the petition of Samuel
Simonton, heir-at-law of Isaac P. Simonton,-de-
ceased, praying the payment of a sum of money
due the deceased, under the treaty of 1837 with the
Saginaw Indians; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
. Mr. PEARCE presented the petition of William
B. Bend, praying the return of the duties paid on
a quantity of merchandise which was destroyed
by fire; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of John
Irons, hejr-at-law of J. F. Irons, deceased, late an
officer in the army, praying indemnity for loss sus-
tained, in consequence of being robbed of public
money placed in his hands for disbursement; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, the memorial §f Catharine Crosby, one of
the legal representatives of Thomas D. Anderson,
deceased) late consul of the United States at Trip-
oli, praying to be allowed, in the settlement of his
accounts, credit for certain expenditures made by
him in his official capacity; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ASHLEY, from (he Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the memorial of the
Central Railroad and Banking Company of Geor-
gia, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for
their relief.
The bill was read and passed to the second read-
ing, and the report ordered to be printed.
Mr. ASHLEY gave notice that he will move to
proceed to the consideration of this bill at an early
day.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
John A. Bryan, submitted a report, accompanied
by a joint resolution for his relief; which was read
and passed to the second reading, and the report
ordered to be printed.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. PEARCE asked and
obtained leave to bring in a bill to incorporate the
Washington Mutual Insurance Company and
Savings Institution; which was read the first and
second times, by unanimous consent, and referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. DAVIS, of Massachu-
setts, asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill
to amend an act entitled "An act to promote the
progress of the useful arts, and to repeal all acts
and partsofacts heretofore made forthat purpose,"
approved July 4, 1836; which was read the first
and second times, by unanimous consent, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
Mr. BAGBY moved to rescind the resolution
submitted by him some time since and agreed to,
directing the Secretary of War to communicate the
proceedings of Messrs. Eaton and Hubley, com-
missioners under the Cherokee treaty, stating that
he had ascertained, in a private conversation with
the Secretary of War, that the information he de-
sired could be better obtained in a different way,
and that he wished to relieve the Secretary from
the appearance of disregarding an order of the
Senate.
The motion to rescind the resolution was agreed
to.
On motion of Mr: ASHLEY, the prior orderr
were postponed, and the bill to carry into effect
certain provisions in the treaties between the Uni-
ted States and China and the Ottoman Porte, giving
certain judicial powers to ministers and consuls of
the United States in those countries, was read the
second time and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. A. observed that a necessity existed for
prompt action on this bill, and that it was desirable
it should be had before the departure of (be next
vessel preparing to sail for China; and on his mo-
tion, it was
Ordered, 1'hat the further consideration tliereor~be post-
poned to, and made the order ol the day for, Wednesday,
the 19th lustanl.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution, submitted on the 12th instant by Mr.
Badger, and it was agreed to:
licwlvcdj That the Secretary of the Senate purchase, for
llie use of the Senate, two thousand copies of the Constitu-
tion of the United Slates of America, with an alphabetical
analysis, prepared and published by W. Hickey, provided
ti.at the same can be puiclia^cd at a price per copy not ex-
ceeding that paid for ten thousand copies ordered to be pur
chased by a resoluUon ol the Senate adopted 18tli February,
1847.
On motion, it was ordered, that when the Senate
adjourns, it be to Monday next.
THE DAM AT CUMBERLAND ISLAND.
On motion by Mr. BELL, the prior orders were
postponed, and the bill to provide for the repair
and improvement of the dam at the head of Cum-
berland Island, in the Ohio river, was read the
second time and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
No amendment being made, the bill was report-
ed to the Senate.
The question being on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time—
Mr. BAGBY. I have but a word to say on the
subject of this bill, and would not have said that
word, but for the determination I had formed in
my own mind to resist ihe system of internal im-
provement by the General Government, whenever
and wherever it is intended to be applied. With
entire respect to the feelings of those who advocate
this bill, i must be permitted to say that no case
can be presented showing more clearly, not only
the impolicy, but the enormity of the system.
The bill now under consideration is simply this:
that inasmuch as one hundred and fifty-five thou-
sand dollurs have heietofoie been appropriated and
expended for the improvement of the Cumberland
river, and inasmuch as such appropriation has been
ineffectual, or has been rendered so by the natural
decay produced by time, therefore the government
must appropriate fifty thousand dollars more.
Mr. bELL. 1 presume the gentleman was not
present when I made some observations on this
subject a few days ago. It is not lo benefit the
Cumberland river alone, except as one of the trib-
utaries of the Ohio. It is more important to the
navigation of the Ohio above that point, as well as
to the communication between the Ohio and all its
tributaries and the Mississippi. The interest of
the Cumberland river is not a tithe of the interests
included.
Mr. BAGBY. Well, sir, when I get down the
Cumberland river I will get into the Ohio. 1 start
where the appropriation commences, and 1 find
that a hundred and fifty-five thousand dollars have
been appropriated and expended in the States of
Kentucky and Tennessee, in the improvement of
the Cumberland river. That river, as the honor-
able Senator very correctly says, is but a tributary
of the Ohio. But the principle is precisely the
same, and involves the question—by what author-
ity, by what grant of power does this Government
derive its rights to improve any river? Indeed,
if commentary were necessary on the impolicy
of measures of this kind, it never could be more
clearly illustrated than by the bill now under
consideration. The interests involved, according
to the honorable Senator, are but a tithe of the
whole navigating interests of the Ohio, and yet a
hundred and fifty-five thousand dollars have been
already appropriated, and the safe navigation of that
river has not been completed. It amounts to this:
as fast as you ascertain that your appropriations
have been improvidently made, or as last as your
improvements yield to the touch of time, you are
called on to renew them. This is entirely adverse
not only to the principles of the Constitution, but
to the law of nature itself. There are wide and
narrow, deep and shallow places, and, according
lo natural laws, if you remove a shoal at one place
to-day, you create a shoal at another place to-
morrow; and with the same propriety that you ask
an appropriation to remove the first, you may ask
one to remove the second. I have been struck
\vTth another view which some of my respected
friends take upon questions of this kind; and itjs
this, that it is not the policy or the duty of thos®
who contest these measures on principle to contest
minor appropriations, but that they shouH. wait
for the greater and more important measure. Do
not gentlemen see, if we permit ourselves to be de-
feated day after day by detachments, when the great
battle comes to be fought, we shall be entirely des-
titute of power? The question must be met at the
threshold. No great and important revolution
was ever the result of open and glaring encroach-
ments on the rights of the people. The glorious
revolution which resulted in the establishment of
the independence of the United States, was not
brought about by an open, glaring, and direct as-
sault upon the rights and liberties of the people.
It exhibited itself in the insidious form of a three-
penny tax upon tea. But the patriots of the Revo-
lution detected jji it the serpent sting of injustice
and oppression, and nobly resolved to resist it.
So of ihe revolution of 1683, the next ii> import-
ance upon the liberties and the political destinies
of mankind to our own. That crafty and unprin-
cipled monarch, of the House of Stuart, did not
dare to make a direct and open assault upon the
fragment of liberty enjoyed by the people of Eng-
land. But the immortal Hampden and his illus-
trious compatriots saw, in the levy of one shilling
upon ship money, the chains that were preparing
for them and their posterity, and nobly resolved to
resist. They looked to the principle involved, and
so must we.
This view of the case was forcibly presented by
a Senator from Louisiana on a former day. He
thought it did not accord with the dignity of the
Senate to contest the principle upon the proposition
for granting a small slip of land; but gentlemen
must see that the principle is the same, whether
you apply it to a small stream or the father of riv-
ers itself—to a small strip of land, or to the whole
valley of the Mississippi. 1 do not hope to make
converts to the doctrine which I hold in regard to
this system of internal improvement, and I greatly
fear that gentlemen will give way so often to those
interests that are pressed upon us from different
quarters, that when the great day of battle comes
there will but few be found occupying the ground
on which Mr. Jefferson placed himself in 1825.
That remarkable man said, in relation to this very
subject, that once let in this doctrine of implied
constitutional powers upon the subject of internal
improvement, and " you enter a boundless field, no
longer susceptible of limit or definition."
Believing, as I conscientiously do, that the prin-
ciple upon which this bill rests hus no foundation
in the Constitution, I shall give my vote against it,
and shall continue to oppose every measure of a
similar character, while I have a vote to give or a
voice to raise in this Chamber.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am satisfied that there
is no.liope of shaking the opinions of my honor-
able "friend, the Senator from Alabama, upon this
subject. His mind is distinctly made up. I cculd
be perfectly satisfied not to say a word if I could
hope that the attention of the Senate would be
drawn to the subject. Jf there can be any excep-
tion from the strict principles advocated by the
Senator from Alabama, it seems to me that this
case will constitute that exception. The obstruc-
tion to be removed here is one that litis been created
by the act of the General Government itself. One
of its improvements, imperfectly made, has given
way in such a manner as to form an almost im-
passable obstacle, in some stages of the water, to
the navigation of the Ohio. You have passed an
appropriation at this very session to remove an
obstruction from the Savannah river, and it has
seemed to me, and I did hope, on a former day,
when this was the subject of some conversation,
that Congress would not consider this case as
coming within the general ground of objection to
measures for internal improvement by the General
Government. The object is to remove a particular
obstruction, which the Government itself has cre-
ated within the river. If an individual had created
such an obstruction, the law of the land would com-
pel him, as a civil duty, to remove it. Should not
the General Government be permitted to do that
which, on a general construction of the laWi an indi-
vidual would be constrained to do? If the atten-
tion of the Senate only can be drawn to this ques-
tion, we are content to abide by its judgment,
without any debate or argument. We do not wish
to occupy unnecessarily the time or the Senate.
W,e do not wish to draw into argument or contro-
