634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
versy, at all, the constitutional principles upon
which' the Senator rests his objection to measures
of internal improvement by the General Govern-
ment, but to submit this case to the Senate as a
peculiar case, governed by peculiar circumstances.
For myself, 1 have none of those scruples or doubts
on the subject of constitutional power, which the
Senator from Alabama seems to entertain; but, set-
ting that aside, it seems to me that they do not
necessarily enter into our consideration in thjs par-
ticular instance. Who should remove this obstruc-
tion? Whose duty is it? Is it the duty of the
State of Kentucky? Or of the State of Indiana?
Is it the business of the counties on the one side
of the river or the other? Who should remove it?
If*-it is notour duty, I should like to know whose
duty it is. Is it the duty of the navigator to do
it—to stop his boat, rest on his oaie, and wait there
until he can remove it ? How ts it to be got rid of?
It is a v'ery great river in point of commerce—a
•very great river. From fifty to a hundred mil-
lions of dollars, perhaps, is not more than the value
of the commerce that passes up and down at this
very place in the course of a year. Sir, I do not
intend to occupy the time of the Senate; my object
is to end debate; rather to state than argue the j
question, and invite the attention of the Senate to
it; and we shall be content, when the case is under- J
stood, to abide by whatever judgment the Senate jj
may pronounce. p
The question on the engrossment of the bill was 1
then put, and it was
Ordered, That the bill be engrossed, and read a
third time.
The said bill was read a third ,time by unani-
mous consent.
On the question, "Shall this bill pass?"
Mr. BAGBY demanded the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. CALHOUN. As the yeas and nays have
been ordered, 1 desire, before the question'is put,
to say a few words. If 1 understand this case !
aright, there is an island in the Ohio, a little above
the mouth of the Cumberland, dividing the river
into two parts, and rendeiwg the navigation diffi-
cult; and, in order to improve it, a dam was thrown
across from the Kentucky side to the island, and
by the recent lVeshets tins dam has been destroyed, jj
Now, although 1 : old to the doctrine of strict con- !
struction, I have not the slightest doubt of the right l!
and duty of the Government to repair this dam, or !l
to remove the obstruction. It is the channel of ij
one of thegieat navigable rivers which belong to '!
no particular State, but which serves as a highway i!
in which many States are interested; and if it be ||
not done by the General Government, it can be i!
done by no power whatever. The States are pos- t
lUvely prohibited from entering into a work like')
this, if the General Government cannot do u, it Ij
is clear that neither Kentucky nor Indiana will-1 j
make this improvement; for there is a positive 'j
provision m the Constitution which pievems^them |
from doing it. Under these circumstances, I hold ij
it to be as clearly the right of the General Govern- , '
ment to repair tins dam, under the provision in the !|
Constitution which gives the power to regulate 'j
commeice among the States, as n ia to repair light-
houses or to replace buoys that have been desti oy ed; j I
and that the objection of the Senator from Alabama j j
is as applicable to the one as the other. 1 shall
give my -vote most cheerfully for this hill. |:
Mr. BAGBY. I do not understand that Con- ;!
gress is authorized to do everything that the States j;
are not authorized to do, or that the States cannot ij
do. j;
Mr. CALHOUN. I did not say that. I say
that the rjgnt exists, under the provision of the j
Constitution winch gives to tins Government the ■'
power to regulate commerce among the States. ,i
Mr. BAGBY. I understood the Senator to say 'I
that, i undeistood him also to inquire, if this thin^ !'
could not he done by the States, how was it to be ::
done' Wei!, I iep!y, that supposing it cannot he !.
done at all, still that is no answer to the objection, ji
This Government is not authorized to do ail that j:
cannot be done by the States, but only that which ''
it is authorized by the Constitution to do. This is i'
the great line of difference between the honorable |i
Senator from South Carolina and myselt on tins
subject. With respect to the power to legulate ;
commerce which seems to be connected with the :
consideiation of this bill, it has ever appealed i,
to me, that that was the most untenable ground !j
upon which this system of internal improvement ;j
could be rested. The power to regulate com-
merce is only a power to interfere with some-
thing already going on; but in this matter of ren-
dering a river navigable which was not so before,
you are not regulating a preexisting thing. The
distinction is as clear as daylight between cre-
ating originally and regulating a thing after it-
exists. One is a substantive power, the other a
mere regulation. I shall not go into this question
now, however, but shall avail myself of the occa-
sion, when some of those important measures,
which gentlemen seem to have in view, come be-
fore us, to give my views, and to place some limita-
tion, if possible, on this most alarming power, the
power to regulate commerce.
Mr. CALHOUN. I by no means rest this case
on the fact, that because the States have not the
power, therefore the General Government has it.
I place it on the fact, that the General Government
has the power to regulate commerce among the
States, and that this is a case which comes with-
in that power. In confirmation of this conclusion,
I stated, that the Constitution prohibited the States
from entering into any treaty or agreement, by
which those in the great valley of the Mississippi
could unite and en term to an arrangement, by which
the obstructions in that great river and its naviga-
ble branches could be removed. I also stated, that
they weie common highways for all those States,
and not within the exclusive control of any one,
as far as their navigation was concerned, and that
it would be monstrous to conclude that a stream,
on which we had as much or nearly as much com-
merce as on the ocean itself, was intended to be
left by the Constitution without any power to su-
pervise and improve its navigation, in reply, the
Senator says, that this Government has the right
to regulate the commerce already in existence, not
to create new channels for commerce. That may
be admitted, without weakening my argument.
The river itself forms the channel, and the com-
merce existed before the Government undertook to
improve us navigation, just as in the case of the
commerce on the ocean. Now, 1 put it to the Sen-
ator, has not this Government ,the right to estab-
lish light-houses, buoys, and beacons, under the
power of regulating commerce? If so, I ask him
to point out the distinction, and show on what
principle it can exercise the power in the one case,
and not in the other. The river, as well as the
ocean, is the common highway of the commerce
among the States, and its navigatio'n is no more
under the control of the States, separately, than
that on the ocean. No just distinction can be
made between the two cases; and the argument:
which can establish the rights of the Government
to improve the navigation of the one, i3 equally
strong to establish the right to improve the other.
Both will have to be abandoned, or both admitted.
To make the case, if possible, more parallel and
close, I ask the Senator if the Government has not
the right to establish light-houses, buoys, and bea-
cons, over the lake's?
Mr. BAGBY. Certainly—wherever your navy
floats.
Mr. CALHOUN. Then supposeahght-houseis
neccfasaiy to the navigation of the Mississippi, can j
we not eicet one? Now suppose, instead of erect- j
ing a light-house, you guard against the obstruction
in some other w ay, would you not have an equal
right to do it in such a way as would be attended
with the least expense?
Mr. BAGBY. I had not the least expectation
or desne to enter into a contest with the distin-
guished Senator from South Carolina. I am happy
to agree with him in many things, but this is one
of the cases where a point of disagieement neces-
sarily arises. The question has been put, whether
I admit the power of the Government to ereut
buoys and light-houses? 1 do, undoubtedly, to
the fullest extent. But instead of deriving it fiom
the power to regulate commerce, 1 dprive it from
the express power conferred upon this Government
by the Constitution, to provide and maintain a
navy. Light-houses and buoys are as necessary
for the pieservation of the navy as mechanics are
for its construction. 1 do not undeistand the erec-
tion of light-houses and buoys to be a commercial
regulation at all, but for the preservation of the
navy, wherever erected, whether upon an inland
sea or the Mississippi; wherever your navy floats,
the erection of a light-house is not a matter for khe
regulation of commerce, but is a matter indispens-
ably necessary for maintaining the navy.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If the existence of Gov-
ernment vessels and the right to preserve them will
justify the removal of this obstruction, I can in-
form the gentleman of a fact, which no doubt he
has heard of, that several Government vessels have
been taken up the river, and are now employed in
the service of the Government.
Mr. CALHOUN. One word, if the Senator will
allow me. There is a naval station in the Missis-
sippi at Memphis, which is important to the Gov-
ernment; but what is more, this system of erecting
light-houses, buoys, &c., was established before
there was a single Government vessel. It must
then have been regarded as coming under the head
of the power to regulate commerce.
Mr. BAGBY. I want to ask one question of
the Senator from Kentucky. This work, I under-
stand, was constructed by the Government. Was
it done upon its voluntary motion, or upon appli-
cation of those interested in the navigation of the
river?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I know of no other ap-
plication to the Government than that made in the
ordinary way by the representatives of the States
in this body.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Kntertaining views
similar to those which have been expressed by the
Senator from Alabama, viewing the whole system
of internal improvement by the Federal Govern-
ment as an assumption of power not conferred by
die Constitution, and believing that if the power
were possessed, the experience we have had shows
that its exercise would be inexpedient and demor-
alizing, I think it ne.cessar^to explain why I shall
vote for this bill, and to show what peculiarity
there is in the case, which constitutes it an excep- -
tion to the general rule. The appropriation lsnot,
as the Senator from Alabama seems to think, to
remove a bar in the Cumberland river, but it is to
repair a dam which the Federal Government con-
structed in the Ohio river. For the puipose of ,
improving the navigation of the Ohio, and the pas-
sage from the Cumberland into the Ohio river, a
dam was built from the " Cumberland Island'5 to
the Illinois shore, which forced the water of the
Ohio river into the channel on the Kentucky side,
which was by nature the inferior channel of the
two, but which was no doubt selected because an
incidental improvement would thus be made at the
mouth of the Cumberland river. This dam has
given way, the artificial advantage to the smaller
channel is lost, and the larger one is obstructed by
the remains of the work which the Fedeial Gov-
ernment erected. The natural navigation being
thus impaired, those who are interested in it have
aright to expect of this Government that it will
remove the impediment; at least, restore them to
their natural advantages. The broken dam is a
nuisance, an injury to vast interests, private and
public; and having been introduced by this Gov-
ernment, I hold we are bound to abate it. The
practical question is, how can it be most efficiently
and economically done? According to the best
information m my possession, it will cost less of
time and of money to repair the dam than to re-
move the debris. Large masses of stone, which
ha\e imbedded themselves in the sand, could only
be removed by immense labor, to be performed
only at the lowest stage of water. To re,move the
dam would, therefore, require that we should wait
until after the present favorable season for naviga-
tion had passed by, and the injury done by the ob-
stacle during this period would gieatly exceed the
expense of repair. As a measure of justice and of
economy, I shall vote for an appropriation to repair
the dam; and thus, at as ehrly a day as possible, .
to restore the navigation to a condition which I
hope will equal, if it does hot exceed, its natural
advantages.
In arriving at this conclusion, my reflections
have not brought me to the position of the Sena-
tor t\om South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun-.] If T
were compelled to rely on the power " to legulate
commerce" as a justification for tins appropriation,
niy adherence to the doctrine of literal interpreta-
tion of the terms of the Constitution would compel
me to vote against this bill, intimately connected
as it is with the interests of the great valley of
which I represent apart. To regulate is to make
rules, not to provide means. The power wasgiven
by the States to the Federal Government, as part
of the great purpose, the establishment of a more
perfect union, and the promotion of domestic tran-
quillity. The common agent was intrusted with
