THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RlVfcS.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, APRIL 21, 184S.
New Series No. 41.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 18, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. HAMMONS asked leave to Tnake a report
irom the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Objected to.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. Lost.
THE CAPTURED SLAVES.
Mr. GIDDlNGSrose, and asked the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce a resolution.
■ {Cries of" Read it, read it," and " Object!"]
Mr. MEADE rose, and said he objected to the
reading: of the resolution.
[Several voices: "Oh! let it be read."]
The SPEAKER directed the Clerk to abstain
from reading the resolution until the House came
to order. He then desired gentlemen to take their
seats; and order having been restored, he said, tlio
Chair understood that the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Meade] objected to the reading of tlie reso-
lution. In strictness, the reading of a resolution
for information might be objected to; but it had
been the uniform practice of the House, when a
gentleman asked for the reading of a resolution,
to allow it to be read by general consent for infor-
mation merely. The Chair knew no instance of a
refusal when the general consent was asked. If,
however, the gentleman from Virginia persisted in
his objection, the resolution would not be read.
Mr. MEADE said, if tlie resolution had no re-
lation to slavery, he had no objection to the read-
ing; but he should object if it had.
A conversation ensued between several members;
and
Mr. MEADE again rose and said, at the sug-
gestion of some of his friends he withdrew his ob-
jection to the reading.
The Clerk then read the resolution, as follows:
Whereas mote than eighty men, women, and children, are
said to be now confined in the prison of the District of Co-
Iumb:a without beinij charged with crime, or of any impro-
priety other than tut attempt to enjoy that liberty for which
•our father?! encountered toil, suffering, and death iuelf, and
for which the people of many European governments ure
now struggling:
And whet ens said prison was erected, and is now fm-Mained,
l>y funds contributed by the people of rite free as well as of
the slave Suites, ami u under the conttol of the laws and
office) s of the United tftatcs:
And whet ens such practice m derogatory to our national
oharacter, incompatible with the dutv of a civilized and
Clinatjuu people, and unworthy ot being sustained by an
American Congress: Therefore,
Be it resolved, That a select committee of five members of
this body be appointed to inquire into and report to this House
by what autbouty said prison is used for the purpose ot con-
fining persons who have attempted to escape from slavery,
with leave- to report what legislation is proper in regard to
said practice.
Resolved, further, That said committee bo authorized to
send for persons and papers.
The SPEAKER then stated the question to be
on granting leave to introduce the resolution.
[Several voices objected.]
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, said that if
the resolution was considered, he would move to
amend, by an inquiry whether the scoundrels who
caused the slaves to be there ought not to be hung.
[Laughter.]
The objection being persisted in, the resolution
■was riot received.,
Mr. KING, of Georgia, hoped the House would
allow one hour to be devoted to the reception of
reports from committees.
Mr. ROCKWELL concurred «n that wish, and
moved to postpone the special order for one hour—
being the election case.
The ^notion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER then stated the question to be
on the motion to print an extra .number of copies
of the document containing the Scott and Trist
correspondence, on which the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Cmnoman] was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. CLINGMAN, to facilitate the reception of
reports from committees, said he was willing to
postpone this question, more especially as other
" correspondence had been called for, and might be
41
expected in the course of a week, when the whole
might be ordered to be printed together. He there-
fore moved to postpone this subject for one week.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, inquired what would be
the condition of this subject in the event of the
motion being agreed to. It had now the precedence
when reports were called for from committees,
being itself an undisposed of question, on a report
from the Committee on Printing; would it then,
if now postponed for one week, have precedence
on the calendar a week hence?
The SPEAKER was understood to answer in
the affirmative.
Mr. COBB said, in that event, he had no objec-
tion to the motion.
After a few woids from Mr. G. S. HOUSTON
and Mr. HENLEY, the motion to postpone was
agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTERS.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, from the
Committee of Claims, made adverse reports on the
petitions of Wiltshire Minor, David Cook, Rich-
ard S. SchafTelin, J. P. McElrath, Joseph Ingle,
the legal representatives of William I-I. Freeman,
and Ebenezer Hnznrd. Laid on the table.
Mr. ROCKWELL, from the same committee,
reported bills for the relief of John H. Baker, and
for the relief of tlie legal representatives of Oliver
Lee. Read and committed.
Mr. CROWELL, from the same committee,
made adverse reports on the petitions of James II.
Chexuni, Lewis I'1. Iteeler and others, and Daniel
G. Granisey. Laid on tlie table.
Mr. DANIEL, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Joshua Barney, Uni-
ted States agent. Read and committed.
Mr. DANIEL also made an adverse report on
the petition of George W. Biscoe. Laid on the
table.
Mr, LIGON, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Eleanora B. Watkins, widow
of Gassaway Watkins. Read and committed.
Mr. THOMAS, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Samuel A. Gricr.
Rend and committed.
Mr. DUNN, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the. petition of Caleb Bell,
administrator of Matthew Bell. Laid on the table.
Mr. HUNT, from the Committee on Commerce,
to which was referred Senate bill to authorize the
issue of a register to the brig Palmetto, reported
the same back to the House wilhout amendment.
The bill was then read three times, passed, and
returned to the Senate.
Mr. THIBODEAUX, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill relating to the collection district
of Pearl river, in the State of Mississippi; also, a
bill to establish a collection district'in the State of
New York; which bills were read and committed.
, Mr. COBB, of Alabama, from the Committee
on Public Lands, reported a bill to authorize the
citizens of Ozark county, in the State of Missouri,
to enter forty acres of land for a county site in said
county.
Tlie bill was read a first and second time, and,
after an explanation by Mr. PHELPS, it was
ordered to be engrossed; and, being engrossed,
was read a third time and passed, and sent to the
Senate for concurrence,
Mr. PUTNAM, from the same committee, to
which was referred House bill to remove the land
office from Upper Sandusky to Defiance, in the
State ofOhio, reported thesame back to the House,
with the recommendation that it do not pass. The
bill was laid on the table.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred Senate bill to compensate John M.Moore,
and also the bill of the House to promote the edu-
cation of the indigent dfeaf and dumb, reported the
same back to the House, with an amendment to
the latter bill; which bills were committed to the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DUNCAN, of Kentucky, from the same
committee, reported a bill to remove the land offiee
from Newnansville to Ocala, in the State qf Flori-
da. Read and committed. • , "
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill for the relief of Shadrack Gillet
and others, moved that the committee be discharged
from the same; which being agreed to—
Mr. DUNCAN reported a bill to reserve the
islands in the Detroit Straits from entry, survey,
or sale. Read and committed.
On motion of Mr. DUNCAN, the Committee on
Public Lands was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the resolution of the House of the 13th
March lost, relative to reviving the act of July 27,
1842,allowingfiveyearsfor issuing and locating late
war bounty-land warrants; and also from the resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Florida relative to drain-
ing the everglades of Sputh Florida; and from the
petition -of citizens of Wisconsin relative to the
preemption law of 1841; and they were laid on the
table.
Mr. DUNCAN also made adverse reports on
the petitions of the Mayor, &c., of Burlington,
Iowa; of citizens of Lee county, Illinois; and of
resolutions of the Legislature of Florida. Laid on
the table.
Mr. ROOT, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred Sen-
ate bill in amendment of an act entitled "An act to
amend the act entitled 'An act to reduce the rates of
postage, to limit the use and correct the abuse of
the franking privilege, and for the prevention of
fiaud on llie revenues of the Post Office Depart-
ment,' " passed March 3d, 3845, reported the same
back to the House with sundry amendments.
The amendments were read; and, after a brief
explanation by Mr. ROOT, were concurred in by
the House; and tlie bill was read a third time,
passed, and returned to the Senate.
On motion of Mr. EMBREE, the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads was discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of
citizens of St. Joseph county, Michigan, relative
to the increase of pay of postmaster at Mottville, in
said county, and the memorial and resolution of
the Legislature of Florida relative to a mail route
from Chattahoochie to Pensacola; and they were
laid on the table.
Mr. ST. JOHN, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, made an adverse re-
port on the petition of Peters, Moore, & Co. Laid
on the table.
Mr. CHAPMAN, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, repoitcd a resolution direct-
ing the Clerk of the House to furnish the warden
of the penitentiary fifty copies of the report of the
officers of said penitentiary made at the present
session of Congress, to be distributed according to
the usage of the Vnanagers of the penitentiary.
Mr. C. advocated the adoption of the resolution,
which, he said, would put the warden named in
the resolution in possession of information in rela-
tion to the management of other prisons.
Mr. McKAY opposed the resolution, on the
ground that it would set a bad precedent.
MivCUMMINS advocated the resolution; which
was adopted.
Mr. McDOWELL, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a bill for the relief
of James Dixon. Read and committed.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill to regulate the fees for
the location of military land warrants; which was
read a first and second time; and, after a brief dis-
cussion, in which Messrs. JOHNSON, of Arkan-
sas, COLLAMER, and PETTIT, participated—
Mr. PETTIT moved toamend the bill by striking
out the words " persons making the same," and
inserting in lieu thereof the word " Government.'
Mr. TURNER suggested an amendment to the
bill by inserting after the word " register"theword
" receiver," so as to include the receiver as well
as the register.
"Mr. SAWYER also suggested an amendment;
but before any question was, taken—
Mr. POLLOCK moved to commit the bill to the
Committee of the Whole; which, after some further
remarks by Messrs. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, and
LEFFLER, was agreed to.
Mr. TAlXMABGE, from the Committee for
