1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
645
By reference to the testimony of Henry A.
Beach, who was one of the inspectors in the third
district of the eighteenth ward, [page €7' of the
printed evidence,] it will be seen that the '* legal
qualifications'" of the inmates of the almshouse
who voted in that district were decided to be a
residence in the almshouse. He says: " We con-
sidered living in that part of the almshouse in the
district as giving the residence, where we could ascer-
tain that the- person■ Ivad no other home." This " liv-
ing" in the almshouse was considered the " actual
residence" of the pauper, and that, too, without
regard to the length of time the pauper had been
there.
The s-ame witness also says, on same page:
<< The residence in the alrnshouse was considered by
the inspectors «s much a legal residence as any other
house in the district, in point of residence, provided
he had the other legal qualifications, and had no
other residence."
Henry S. Ackerly, another inspector in the third
-district of the eighteenth ward, [page 71 of the
printed evidence,] confirms what Mr. Beach has
said* He says,after stating certain questions which
were put to the pauper, " if, tn answer to these
* questions, we were satisfied that the pauper had
* no other residence than in the almshouse, and had
■* the oth-er qualifications, his vote was received.
* Some of the paupers, whose only residence iv&sin
4 the almshouse, and no other residence ascertained,
* did vote. No voters were rejected on that account.
* The residence of a pauper in the almshouse was
* considered his actual residence, so as to entitle him
*-to vote, as much as if he had lived in any other
6 house in the district, provided the board was satis-
H fied that he had no other residence, and that the
* voter claimed that to be his residence, and had
* the other legal qualifications. The mere fact of
* his being or living in the almshouse, we did not
4 consider enough to entitle, lum to vote."
Other witnesses corroborate what is here said
by the inspectors*, but this reference to the decision
of the board is deemed sufficient, as it is the testi-
mony of the officers who made it.  
The committee do not hesitate to say that this
decision ofv the inspectors of the third district of
the eighteenth ward, was a direct violation of the
law of the State of New York. That law express-
ly says that a residence shall not be " acquired'* by
" living in a poorhouse, almshousefyc. These in-
spectors decided that a residence tows acquired by
the paupers of this district. The committee can
scarcely imagine a more palpable violation of law,
or a more open disregard of its plain provisions.
As it is thus manifest that paupers from the
almshouse, m the third district of the eighteenth
ward, had no right to vote in that district, upon a
mere residence there, it is necessary to know
whether any such persons did vole there at the
Congressional election in November, 184G. That
they did so vote, the committee think is abundant-
ly proven.
Schedule marked A, [page 88 of the printed evi-
dence,] contains the names of one hundred and
twenty-nine persons. Schedule marked B> [page
89 of the printed evidence,] contains the names of
twenty-two peisons. Schedule marked C, [page
89 of the printed evidence,] contains the names of
one hundred and forty-one persons.
It will be seen by reference to the evidence, that
schedules A and C were made by Paul M. Cran-
dall, (who was a challenger at said third district
of the eighteenth ward,) Mr. Otis, and John Snell.
[See pages 22 and 23 of printed evidence. J Sched-
ule A contains the names of persons who were
objected to by Crandall, and corresponds with
schedule C, except that schedule C contains some
ilames marked with an X, which designates those
which were written by Otis. By reference to the
testimony of Dr. Hasbrouck, the resident physi-
cian of the almshouse, [page 14 of the printed evi-
dence,] it will also be seen that schedule B contains
the names of persons who were then inmates of
the almshouse, and who voted m the third district
of the eighteenth ward. Schedules Band C, there-
fore, show the names of one hundred and sixty-three
persons.
Were these one hundred and sixty-three persons
inmates of the almshouse? Hasbrouck swears
[page 12 of the printed evidence] that he gave per-
mits to about seventy" of the inmates of the hos-
pital to go out and vote, and that, as far as his
knowledge went, " there were from the almshouse
more than double the number of paupers thai went
from the hospital." He also swears [page 13 Of
the printed evidence] that an omnibus was engaged
for the day, under the direction of the officers of
the institution, to transport these paupers to the
polls,'and that he saw it depart six times. Sched-
ule B, he says, [page 14 of the printed evidence,]
contains the names of persons who were then in
the almshouse. Marcellus Eells, superintendent
of the almshouse, swears [page 39 of the printed
evidence [that he has compared schedule C " with
the books kept in the almshouse in November,
1846;" and he also says [page 36] that the names
on this schedule are on the register of tiie alms-
house.
The committee think that this evidence abun-
dantly shows that these persons loere inmates of
the almshouse, part of which is situated in the third
district of the eighteenth ward. They do not un-
derstand it to be necessary to have exhibited be-
fore them the books of the establishment. Those
books are the property of the institution, and
ought not to be removed. They may.be likened
to a record, though certainly not of so high dig-
nity. Yet even a record may be proven a stcom
copy, as by one attested by the seal of the officer
having its custody. Any person who has com-
pared the copy with the original is competent to
prove it. Thus they find the law laid down in all
the elementary works on evidence, and are not
aware of any adjudication to the contrary. [3d
Co wen and Hill's notes to Phillips's Evidence,
page 1,065, note 719; same volume, page 1,240,
1,241, note 871; 1st Phillips's Evidence, 452; 2d
do., 615, 638, 639; 1st volume Ureenleal's Evi-
dence, see page 501; Gilbert's Evidence, 26.j
Tliey dunk that that part of the testimony of
Hasbrouck and Eells to which reletenco lias been
made, abundantly proves that these one hundred mid
sixty-three persons were inmates of the almshouse.
But if that were not enough, it is still moic abun-
dantly furnished by other evidence before them.
Take the whole of the testimony; together, and it
is perfectly apparent that none of the witnesses—
neither those tor the contestant or the sitting mem-
ber—doubted, for a single moment, the identity of
theso persons. By all of them they are treated and
spoken of as inmates of the almshouse. Hasbrouck
fixed the number who went out and wh<) voted in
the third district of the eighteenth ward at about
one hundred and forty—that is, about twice as many
as the number to whom he gave permits at the
hospital. Schedules A and C, testified to by Cran-
dall, show that one hundred and firty-one voted.
These witnesses strongly corroborate eacli other.
Crandall also says [page 22 of the printed evi-
dence] that the persons on schedule A told lum
that " they came from the almshouse." He says,
also, he was "informed by ihe people there that
they were from the almshouse, and most of them
had on a peculiar dress." It is also apparent, from
what Crandall says at another place, [page 25 of
the printed evidence,] and from what the inspect-
ors Beach [page 67 of the printed evidence] and
Ackerly [page 71 of the printed evidence] say, that
these persons weie treated and legardeil by them
as inmates of the almshouse. Besides this, Jamegt,
Modell.who has resided in the third district of the
eighteenth ward for twenty-six or twenty-seven
yeais, swears, that " according to the best of his
recollection, from two to three hundred of the pau-
per inmates" of the almshouse " voted at the poll
at that election."
It will be seen, by reference to the printed testi-
mony, that there are many other circumstances
tending to show that these persons were inmates
of the aimsuouse; but the committee think that
what they have already cited is abundantly suffi-
cient to sustain the conclusion to which they have
come.
Of the fact that they voted at the Congressional
election in November, 1846, in the third district of
the eighteenth ward, the committee have no more
doubt than that they were inmates of the alms-
house. Oil tills point Dr. Hasbrouck swears that
he heard all the oliicers of the almshouse, " in con-
vening with one another, speak as though it were
settled that the paupers should be allowed, as on
previous occasions, the privilege of going out to
vote, and that every facility should be given to
them for that purpose." [See page 11 of the
printed evidence.] He also mentions the order in
which they were to go out. He also says [page
12] that l"hboul two thousand ballots" were taken
to the almshouse on the " evening previous" to
I -the election, and were placed in the custody of the
' matron, to be cut up and distributed among the
paupers. He saw the omnibus take six loads of
them for the purpose of voting, each omnibus load
being ten or twelve persons. [Page 13.]- He also
says that, of his own knowledge, he knows that
double the number from the almshouse voted than
of those from the hospital to whom he gave per-
! mils, and that those to whom he gave permits to
; go out from the hospital were about seventV.
[Page 12.]
Crandall swears that the persons whose names
I appear on schedule A did vote, [page 22 of printed
! evidence.] Schedule N [page 109 of printed evi-
! dence] shows that all the neisons whose* names
i appear on schedules B and C di<l vote in the third
district of the eighteenth ward. Schedule N is a
true list of the voters at the election in that district
and ward, certified by the propev inspectors and
the clerk who has the custody of it in New York.
It is very clearly shown, in the opinion of the
; committee, that very few of these paupers were
j residents of the third district of the eighteenth
ward before they went to the almshouse. Dr.
Hasbrouck says, that none of the persons named
on schedule B lived in that ward before going to
the almshouse, [page 14;] and that of those m
schedule C, only about eighteen or twenty lesided
in that district before going to the almshouse,
[page 13.] Crandall sayn, [page 25,] that he does
not recollect that any on the list kept by him said
that they resided there previous to going to the
almshouse; and [page 36] he also says, that he
does not recollect that any of them voted upon
i such a residence there. The inspectors also show,
' that they \ oted upon their almshouse residence alone—
certainly excluding the idea that they had any
othei.
It being, then, in the judgment of the commit-
tee, perfectly clear that ihe^e one hundred andsizty-
three paupers were permitied to vote, and did vote,
iii the thud district of the eighteenth ward, in vio-
lation of the law of New York, which confines
the voters to the districts of their residence, the
next inquiry submitted to the committee is, for
whom did said paupers vote?
The committee do not doubt that they voted for
the sitting member. That gentleman was the can-
didate of the Democratic party for Congress; the
officers of the almshouse and hospital were all
members of that party, and electioneering for the
candidates of that party, [see Hasbrouck's evi-
dence, pages 10 and 11 of printed evidence;] they
considered it their "duty" to get out every legal
voter, to promote the interest of "the ticket;"
they distributed Democratic tickets to the inmates
on the morning of the election; they superintended
the passing of the, paupers out of the almshouse,
had charge of the omnibus in which they were
carried to" the polls, and accompanied them to the
polls. Odell swears that tliey would not let him
"come near them;" that "they would say, Odell,
after they have voted yon may talk to them," [see
printed evidence, page 42.] Hasbrouck swears
that the tickets taken to the almshouse to be cut,
on the evening before the election, had on them
"the names of the regularly-nominated candidates
of the Democratic party, [see page 12 of the printed
evidence.] Those tickets contained the name of
David S.Jackson, [see page 40 of the printed evi-
dence.]
Crandall swears that (here was a peculiarity in
the tickets voted, by w^nch he distinguished the
Whig from the Democratic tickets; that" the Dem-
ocratic ticket was a larger ticket, thicker paper,
and different type from either the Whig or Native
American," [page 24 of the printed evidence;] and
that he was confirmed in this when he saw the
: tickets taken from the box.
| Ackerly, one of the inspectors, swears that "the
| outward appearance of all the Democratic tickets,
j whether voted by paupers or others, were the same;
| and so in regard to the Whig tickets." He
says, " from the outward appearance, I ,
could distinguish which was a Whig and which
was a Democratic ticket, as it was presented by the
voter," [page 71 of printed evidence.]
The committee do not hesitate to believe, from
this mass of evidence, that these one hundred and
sixty-three paupers (except, perhaps, some four or
foe who boasted that they had deceived the keep-
era, and the eighteen or twenty who resided in that
ward before they went to the almshouse) voied
illegally, in the third district of the eighteenth
