1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
64?
ness answered as follows: "He [Riley] was tipsy
< about noon, and then declared he had voted twice
' at the same poll. He told me boastingly at that
«time." This is all the evidence tending to show
that this Michael Riley voted twice at that elec-
tion. No reason can be offered for so relaxing the
rules of evidence in this case, as to admit the dec-
larations of a third person as proof: If he had
voted twice, not only Crandall, but the inspectors,
would have objected to his voting when he came
to the poll the second time. The fact that there
were two or more persons by the name of Michael
Riley-who voted at that election would surprise no
one who has had occasion to look into the directory
of any of our large cities. Exhibit P [100] shows
that there were tioo persons by the name of James
Carr in the almshouse at the same time. In the
judgment of the undersigned, Riley is not proved
to have voted twice at that election.
If the one hundred and sixty-four voters named
in schedules B and C [89] are jiot proved, on the
part of the contestant, to have been non-residents
of the third district of the eighteenth ward at the
time of their going to the almshouse, then it is ob-
vious that their votes, or the votes of such of them as
are not proved to be non-residents, should not be
rejected. Dr. Hasbrouck, [14,] in speaking of the
twenty-two voters named in schedule B, and in
answer to the following question, "Were there
' any of the said persons who had their residence
«in the third district of the eighteenth ward before
' going to almshouse?" answered, "None, to
' the best of my knowledge." What knowledge
had Dr. Hasbrouck on the subject? Did he know
where they did reside, or did lie know them at all
before they went to the almshouse?
What is the evidence offered by the contestant
to show that the one hundred and forty-two per-
sons named in'exhibit C were not residents of the
said third district immediately previous to their
entering the almshouse? The question was put
to Hasbrouck, [13,] whether any of the persons
committed to the almshouse who went out on the
3d of November, 1846, were sent there from the
third district of the eighteenth ward ? to which he
answered, " To the best of my knowledge, there
' were some eighteen or twenty sent there from
•the third district of the eighteenth ward." It
could not be expected that this* witness, who
had been at the almshouse but two years, [10,]
should know all the persons that came there from
that district, especially when it is remembered
that many of the inmates went to the almshouse
Jong before he did. See Mumford's deposition,
[82,] and schedule P, [99.] If in that great city,
of about four hundred thousand inhabitants, Has-
brouck knew that eighteen or twenty of the pau-
pers in question came from that district, how many
of whose residence he knew nothing also came
from that district? It is always better-to prove
where a man's residence actually was, m order to
show where it was not, than to undertake to prove
that he did not reside in a particular district of a
great city, from the fact that the witness did not
know that he lived there. The testimony of Dr.
Hasbrouck is too uncertain to establish the fact
that these persons were non-residents of the said
third district. .
The evidence of Crandall upon this point is con-
tradictory, and at most amounts to nothing but
hearsay, [25.] If the voters upon being challenged
had testified, before the inspectors of election, to
their places of residence, even their depositions thus
taken would be incompetent evidence. Much less,
then, can the naked declarations of these voters to
their places of abode previous to their going to the
almshouse be admitted as any proof whatever.
The very uncertain expression of Crandall, [,25,j
that he did not recollect that any on his list Said that
they resided in the ward in question before they
went to the almshouse, or the expression of the
same witness, [36,] that he did not recollect that
any gave their residence in the eighteenth ward,
amounts to merely nothing.
It will be seen, by looking into the only remain-
ing testimony upon this pointy [Eells 37, and Ack-
eriy 70 and 71,] that the proposition here attempt-
ed to be established is in no manner strengthened.
But if hearsay be evidence, then this species of
proof can be rebutted by hearsay. Hasbrouck
testified f 18] that many of the inmates, when ask-
ing for passports, said that they were going to their
own homes in the fourth, sixth, tenth, fourteenth,
and other wards, to vote; and that he understood
at the time that tthey were, respectively, going to
districts in whicli they were entitled to vote. These
inmates of the almshouse could have had no mo-
tive to vote in a district different from the one in
which they had a right to exercise that franchise.
It willnot be assumed that" they voted in the wrong
district, and that position not having been proved,
it follows that the one hundred and forty-two voters
named in schedule C, and the twenty-two in
schedule B, lawfully exercised their right of suf-
frage.
2. The contestant has failed to prove that the
persons named in schedules B and C were the
identical individuals who came from the alms-
house, and who voted in the said third district,
with the exception of three of them, who voted in
presence of Hasbrouck. The contestant has At-
tempted to prove this by evidence, that the names
on the poll list of this district, compared with the
names found on the register of the almshouse, and
proving by Crandall that he saw the persons named
in schedule C, except 12 of them, vote at that
•election. For the purpose of proving that the
names on schedule C were found on the register
of the almshouse, the contestant called on Mar-
cellus Eells, [26,] who testified that he was appoint-
ed superintendent "of the almshouse May 11,1846,
and that there were books in the almshouse con-
taining the names of the inmates, and that he found
the names contained in schedule C upon the books
of the almshouse. Was this evidence competent?
H. Mumford, who kept the books of the alms-
house, was called on to testify whether the persons
named in schedule C were in the almshouse on
the day in questtion. His entries in those books
could be used by him as a memorandum to aid his
memory. But these books are not shown to be
such public entries, or records, as can be proved
by a sworn copy; [12 Serg. and Rowle, 256, 263;
2 Cow. and Hill; notes to Phillips's evidence, page
I,150.] But Eells does not show where he ob-
tained the books of the almshouse, nor when he
compared schedule C with those books. The tes-
timony of Mumford, [82,] and schedule P, prove
that Eells was grossly mistaken. It is essential to
the contestant to establish the identity of the Per*
sons whose names appear on the poll list, and on
schedule C.
| Suppose that paupers were forbidden to vote in.
1 New York, as they are in New Jersey, and a man
were on trial for illegal voting for that cause, would
any jury convict the voter upon merely producing
the register of the almshouse and the poll list?
Would not proof be required that the person on
trial was the man supported at public charge, and
who voted at the election ? To hold the contrary,
would be equivalent to the adoption of a rule that
a prisoner, on trial fo£ a second offence, could be
convicted of such second offence, on producing the
record of the conviction of a man bearing the same
name, but without any proof that he was the same
man tried and convicted of the first offence. Is it
proved that these identical persons voted in the
said third district? Crandall was produced by the
contestant to prove this, and he testified that the
129 persbns named in schedule Jl voted. [22 and
23.1 But these voters were strangers to Crandall,
and no one can claim that he could remember their
names. He was, therefore, obliged to rely on a
list of these names, and the accuracy of his testi-
mony must depend on the accuracy of the list.
The original list, made by the witness at the time
of the voting, was the only authentic one, and hence
it is not allowable for him to refresh his memory
from a copy of the original list, or from a memoran-
dum made by another person. [2 Cow. and Hill s
notes to Phillips's Evidence, page 1,239.]
It nowhere appears where, or by whom, schedule
A was made. But who made schedule C, and
when? Crandall carries the impression [at page
23] that he himself made it. He there testified
that he recognized the paper, and that the signature
to it was his own. This schedule C bears intrin-
sic evidence that it is not the original memoran-
dum. [89 to 91.] It is in the form of an affidavit,
but is not sworn to. Crandall, however, expressly
states that the original list made by himself, and
the one made by Otis, were both lost. [30 and 31.]
Schedule C then is not the original memorandum,
nor is it shown to be a copy of that original mem-
orandum. Crandall made two copies [33] of the
original list, immediately after the election, and
sent one to the express office, and delivered the
other to Kelts. Butschedule C is nowhere shown
to be one of these copies. . If, then, a copy of the £
original memorandum'were admissible to aid the
memory of the witness in this case, even that
proof was not given. Take away these schedules,
and Crandall's evidence falls far short of proving
the identity of any of the persons named in sched-
ule C. But there is no proof of the identity of lh&
persons named in schedule B, except three of them.
Hasbrouck saw three of them vote; but wlio saw
the rest? Who but Otis saw the twelve persons
embraced in the cross marks on schedule C, vote-?
But Otis was not sworn as a witness in this case,
and therefore there is no evidence on this point.
Why was not Otis called to prove the voting of
these twelve persons? [22, also 30 and 31.]
4. The contestant charges, in his fifth specifica-
tion, [2,] that nine persons, paupers in the alms-
house, having no right to exercise this franchise,
voted for the sitting member, in the 2d district of
the 12th ward. These paupers are alleged to have
come from Randall's Island. The foregoing points,
taken with regard to schedule C, are applicable to
this list of nine persons mentioned in the testi-
mony of Eells, [37,] McCarty, [69,] Stfords, [72,]
and schedule D, [91.] But it is said there were
thirteen persons instead of nine. The contestant
claims but nine in his specification, and his wit-
nesses Eells, [37,] Meggs, [42,] Miller, [41,] fix the
number at nine also. This testimony, produced by
the contestant himself, is far more explicit than that
of McCarty, [08,] who testifies that he will not bo
positive, but thinks there were about twelve or thir-
teen; or the evidence of Swords, who thinks thers
were thirteen. See schedule E, [92.]
5. For whom were the alleged unlawful votes
cast? For if it were shown that all these persons
voted, and that they were not entitled to that fran-
chise, neither of which has been established, yet
it would be the duty of the contestant to go fur-
ther, and prove that at least one hundred and forty-
three voted for the sitting member, in order to pro-
duce any effect.
Let it be borne in mind that the names of twen-
ty-five persons were on each full State ticket at
that election, [40.] Other officers were voted for
calculated to excite a far greater interest than mem-
ber. of Congress. Neither the electors or the chal-
lengers would be as likely to pay attention, to the
member of Congress as to some of the more im-
portant officers. The assertion that the particular
name of the sitting member was singled out from
all the rest, to be read through the folded ticket,
can, at best, have but slight weight. The name
of the sitting member was erased from many of the
tickets, [70,] and on others the name of the sitting
member was erased and that of the contestant in-
serted, [70 and 71.] Who can tell how many of
the votes thus changed by such erasure f mefrom
the inmates of the almshouse? Crandall, . |>W,I
upon whose testimony the political complexion of
the voters named in schedule C rests, in answer to
the following question, " Do you mean to say that
none of the persons whose names you kept voted
the Whig State ticket?" answered, " I do not; 1
don't mean to say that." It appears, from the
evidence of Hasbrouck, that each of the inmates
of the almshouse exercised his right to vote with-
out constraint; that Democrats and Whigs, who
were lawful voters, were furnished with permits
without distinction, and all who chose had an op-
portunity to ride in a public conveyance, [17;J that
a large number of the inmates refused to take
Democratic tickets at the almshouse, and some
said that they were going to vote the Whig ticket,
T18 1 Some said they had taken Democratic tickets,
but voted the Whig ticket, and boasted of the
deception. Ackerly [70] testifies that all of the
inmates of the almshouse did not vote the same
ticket. With this evidence in view, taken in con-
nection with the feeble evidence offered to show
the votes given for the sitting Member, it is just
and right to conclude, that if anythmj be 'awfu :Y
proved, there is about as much evidence te™ "S
to show that a large proportion ofthe almshouse
voters cast their ballots for the contestant, as there
is to show that such proportionated forlhe sU
ting member. Crandall [24^and^ ] * ^ d j
count with respect to the votes name
B nor in rerard to the twelve embraced m me
rt6\ JL thirtv-ft'e persons voted; but the bur-
derTof proving that these thirty-five persons voted
for the contestant rests upon the contestant, whieh
