1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
649
showed the. necessity of immediate action on the j
sunject, Our treaty with China provides that we ;
shall exercise jurisdiction over our own citizens '
while in the Celestial Empire. Great Britain al- !
ready exercised this jurisdiction; and for the want J
of it, our interests were placed in daily jeopardy, :
and our intercourse with that country was in dan- '
ger of being interrupted.
Mr., DAVIS explained that he was not opposed
to legislation on the subject. He knew it was
necessary something should be done. But all the '
examination he had yet given to it had not been j
sufficient to enable him to make up his own mind. ,
Mr. BUTLER confirmed what had fallen from
the Senator from Massachusetts concerning the |
conference which they had had on the subject. He '
felt himself under great obligations to that Sena-
tor,, who had convinced him that there were great
defects in the present bill. Until that conference
took place he had but an indistinct knowledge of
the subject.
Mr. BADGER hoped the bill would be passed
oyer informally. He pointed out one error in the
bill which showed the necessity for amendment.
The rule laid down for the government of our offi-
cers' in China was the rule of the common law of
the United States. Now, it was well known that
there was no such thing known as the common
law of the United States.
Mr. ASHLEY would prefer that a day be fixed
on for the consideration of the bill.
Mr. DAVIS suggested Monday next.
Mr. ASHLEY assented.
The further consideration of the bill was then
postponed until Monday next, and the bill was
made the special order for that day.
On motion of Mr. BADGER, the SenatCipro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time, the doors were reopened,
and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, .fipril 20, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PRIVILEGES OF MEMBERS.
Mr. PALFREY rose to a question of personal
privilege of a member of this House. He wished
to present the question to the House in the form
of a resolution. Could that resolution, he would
respectfully ask of the Chair, be read from the
Clerk's desk, or must he himself read it from his
seat ?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman rises to a
question of privilege, he may state it in any form
he sees fit, in order that the Chair may decide
whether or not it is such a question.
Mr. PALFREY. Then 1 submit it in the form
of the following preamble and resolve.
A voice. Can that be done?
The SPEAKER. It depends entirely upon what
it is.
Mr.„PALFREY then read the paper which he
held in his hand, as follows:
Wiiereas common report lias represented to members of
this House that a lawless mob hiis assembled within the
District of Columbia on cach of the two nights last past, and
lias committed acts ot' violence, selling at defiance the laws
and constituted authorities of the United States, and men-
acing individuals of thi  body and other persons residing in
this city: Therefore,
Resolved, That a select committee of five members be ap-
pointed to inqu(re into the facts above referred to, and to
report the facts, with their opinion whether any legislation
is necessary or expedient in the pix-mi.es; and that they
further have leave to sit during the session^ of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows no au-
thority for deciding that to be a question of privi-
lege.
Mr. PALFREY. Do 1 understand the Chair,
then, to rule that a question relating to the protec-
tion of the personal safety of a member of this
House is net necessarily a question of privilege?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand that a member of this House is at all alluded
to in the resolution.
Mr. PALFREY. I will read it again, if you
please. [He accordingly read the latter part of the
preamble.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear that
part of the preamble. The Chair is disposed to
think, if the liberty, or safety, or life of any indi-
vidual member of this House has been menaced
from any quarter, it is .a .question of privilege.
- Mr. GENTRY desired to make a remark. He
would suggest to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts that the House would be more competent to
•judge of the nature of the question presented by
him if it were informed of the particular manner—
of all the circumstances in which the safety of any
member of this House had been menaced by a
mob. The House could, then determine whether
there were existing facts which required its inter-
ference.
Mr. RHETT said he did not know the circum-
stances to which the gentleman from Massachu-
setts alluded 
Mr. PALFREY wished to be pardoned for one
moment; and (Mr. R. yielding) said he desired
the gentleman, in order to give a proper direction
j to his remarks, to understand that this preamble
i stated this report had represented to members of
i this House that members of this body had been
,j menaced. Ke would simply state to the gentle-
man that it did not refer to himself, (Mr. P.;) that
the menace was not to him.
Mr. GENTRY, (in his seat.) If any member
has been menaced, let him rise and state the fact
to the House.
Mr. BAYLY rose to a question of order. Could
the recital of fact, upon rumor, that a member of
this House had been menaced, make it a question
of privilege? If any member of this House was
in that situation, he could come before the House
and state the fact, and ask its protection; or, if he
did not do this, some other member might come
here, and point to the member thus menaced, and
thus raise the question of privilege. But could the
mere reference to a vague rumor, when, if there
was any foundation for it, it was so easy to re-
duce it to certainty, constitute a question of privi-
lege ?
The SPEAKER remarked that this question
was one entirely new; but that the Parliamentary
law laid down expressly that "common lumor"
| was sufficient ground for action. Moreover, it
! was well understood that where the life, or person,
\ or liberty of a member was menaced in any way,
it was a proper subject to be acted upon by the
House. The case was on record where a member
had been challenged by a person out of doors, that
the House had considered that he was menaced,
and that it constituted a question of privilege.
The Chair therefore held, upon the best con-
sideration he could give the question, that where
an allegation was made that the life, liberty, or
person of a member of this House was menaced,
it was a question of privilege, in regard to which
any member ought to be heard. The Chair was
of opinion that the House might very well call for
specifications; and if such specifications were not
made, it would be sufficient ground for the House
to reject it, and refuse the inquiry; but it was not
sufficient reason for the Chair to rule it out of
order.
Mr. RHETT (resuming) said he had no doubt,
if any member of the House was menaced for
anything -he had done or said on this floor, that
it would then be the privilege of this House to
interfere. But he thought the Speaker, on re-
flection, would see that a menace either of the
person or liberty of a member of this House not
connected with his duties here, was no such thing
as a question of privilege. Why, if he should
insult a man in the street and he was likely to chas-
tise him for it, would it be said that he had the
privilege to come and demand the protection of this
i House against a man whom he had already insult-
ed ? He asked, because a man was a member of
Congress, could he be privileged from the ordinary
responsibilities of a man and a gentleman to a cit-
zen of Washington? Had it come to this, that a
member of Congress was not only to be exempt
from any personal assault or menace in relation to
his official duties, but that his being a member was
to be a screen to a fiord him protection, whatever
he might do in any part of the United States?
Mr. C. J. 1JNGERSOLL interposed, and asked
if the gentleman from South Carolina would "kllow
him to refer to the Constitution on this point? The
Constitution provided that—
" The Senators and Representatives" <•' shall in all cases,
except tieason, feJony, and breach of the peace, le privileged
from, arreU dunng tiien attendance atthe session ot their re-
spective Houses, and 111 going to or returning Irom the same;
and for any speech or debate m eitlier House tliey shall not
be questioned in any otiier place."
The SPEAKER wished, before the gentleman
from South Carolina proceeded, to be allowed to
refer to Jefferson's Manual, from which he pro- •
ceeded to read the following, among other pas-
sages :
" So far there will probably be no difference of opinion as
to the privileges of the two Houses of Congress: hut in the
following eases it is otherwise: In December, 1793, the
House of Representatives committed two persons of the-
name of Raudall and Whitney, for attempting to corrupt the
integrity of certain members, which they considered as a
contempt and breach of the privileges of the House; and the
facts being proved, Whitney wa«s detained in confinement a
fortnight, and Randall three weeks, and was reprimanded
by the Speaker. In March, 1796, the House of Represent-
atives voted a challenge given to a member of their House
to be a breach of the privileges of the House ; hut satisfac-
tory apologies and acknowledgments being made, nofurther
proceeding was had."
Mr. DXJER remarked," that as they were dis-
cussing the question, he thought it well that they .
should have the facts before them. Now they had
them not. He therefore suggested that the gen-
tleman or gentlemen, if they were in the House,
alluded'to, who had been menaced or in any way
injured, state the facts of the case. The House
could then determine whether it was a question of
privilege or not.
Mr. RHETT resumed. The House were all per-
fectly willing and ready to protect a memberagamst
any outrages committed upon him connected with
his official duties; but while they did this, they had
no right to say they would protect a man, because
he happened to be a member of Congress, in agres-
sions upon the rights of the citizen in acts no way
connected with his duties as a member. _
The Constitution of the United States was in-
tended to restrict these unlimited privileges of Par-
liament. They knew that, the privileges of the
British Parliament were unlimited; and one reason
was, that they never knew what these privileges
were, and they did what they pleased. According
to Mr. Jefferson, all these privileges had been ex-
ercised by the British House of Commons; but not
so with the Congress of the United States. The
clause of the Constitution read by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania was a restriction on the general
parliamentary privileges in England. Members
of Congress, as such, had only these privileges
which were here specified; in all other respects
they were on the same footing of other citizens of
the United States. Now,, if a member rose on
this floor and stated that for anything he had said
or done on this floor he had been threatened with
violence, he (Mr. R.) would move for his protec-
tion as a member of Congress; but for anything
further, they had no right to put forth the arm of
this Congress for the purpose of protecting any
citizen against the acts of any other citizen.
The SPEAKER stated that the point of order
raised had been decided by the Chair, and debate
could not properly arise until an appeal had been
taken.
There were two questions involved in the point
raised: one was, whether this was such a question
of privilege that the House would see fit to exer-
cise its authority on this occasion, and make any
examination into the facts stated by the gentleman
from Massachusetts. That was a question for the
House to decide, and not for the Chair. Upon
debate and investigation of the question, the House
might determine that it would not proceed.
The question for the Chair to decide was, whether,
on the prima facie case presented by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, it was such a question of privi-
lege as to allow it to come before the House, su-
perseding other matters, in order that the House
should decide whether or not the rights of a mem-
ber had been invaded. The decision of the Chair
simply was, that, upon the facts presented by the
gentleman, the question was fairly before the House
for their decision.
Mr. BRODHEAD appealed from- the decision
of the Chair; and on the appeal demanded the
previous question, which was not seconded by the
House.
Mr. TOOMBS sustained the appeal oP the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, and was opposed to the
decision of the Chair in this case, upon very obvi-
ous principles. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts, in his preamble and resolution, did not aver
that any member of this House had been called
in question by the mob or anybody else for any-
thin* uttered or done in this House; and he (Mr.
T ) held that the Chair erred if he supposed that
this House had the right or authority to interfere
generally for the protection of members in any
strait they might get into out of doors, discon-
