650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
• nected with their official duties. If the gentleman
from Massachusetts had said that he or any other
member had been called in question by any person
or assemblage for the discharge of his official duty,
that would have been a question of privilege, and
would have demanded the action of the House.
But when the fact was presented merely that a
member of this House had got into difficulty, it
was not a question of privilege. It never had been
held so; the case coulu not be found to sustain the
position. The cases referred to by the Chair did
not support it; there members were called in ques-
tion, and their safety menaced for action in this
House; and the rule read by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll] from the Con-
stitution was germane to this class of cases. Such
« was not the case before them.
He had no disposition to shut out this resolu-
tion—not the least. He believed the time had
come, and he was ready to meet it. He wanted
the question settled. If crime—crime against the
laws of this District—if moral connivance with
felony and theft was to be vindicated, let the ques-
tion be settled before the American people; and
they would be ready then to decide the right of
this body to sit withm this District.
Mr. SIMS said, with reference to the decision
of the Chair, he wished to call the attention of the
Chair and the House to the Manual for an expo-
sition of the Constitution, as stated by Mr. Jef-
ferson. After citing the privileges of the British
Parliament, as laid down by Blackstone, Mr. Jef-
ferson said:
" It was probably from this view of the encroaching char-
acter of privilege, that the framers of our Constitution, in
their care to provide that ihe laws shall bind equally on all,
and especially that those who make them shall not exempt
themselves from their operation, have only privileged < Sen-
ators and Representatives' themselves from the single act of
t arrest in all oases, except treason, felony, and breach of the
pence, during their attendance at the session of their respect-
ive Homes, Knd in going to and returning, from the same,
and fiom being questioned in any other place for any speech
or debate in either House.'"
He read further extracts in that connection, and
said, while the two cases cited by the Speaker
were correctly stated, they did not apply here; but
that Mr. Jefferson himself, on the contrary, was
expressly arguing that, under our Constitution,
the privileges of members of Congress only ex-
tended to exemption from arrest.
Mr. WOODWARD said, the privileges of Con-
gress were not left to the parliamentary law. The
privileges of a member of Congress existed by
virtue of the Constitution, and not by inference
from parliamentary law. They existed by virtue
of the Constitution, and to no greater extent than
was provided for by that instrument. Those privi-
leges have been defined to be, exemption from
arrest, except for certain defined offences, and
nothing more. A member was not accountable else-
where for anything said in debate in this House,
nor for any transaction on this floor, on which he
sits as a member. But it appeared to him that
this question of privilege was still more limited.
How was the House to exempt and protect a mem-
ber? Was it meant that this body should inter-
fere judicially? What was meant was, that the
members of this House should be protected by
law. How were they to interfere to rescue a mem-
ber from arrest in the District of Columbia? By
their own hands? or by their laws? By autho-
rizing the enactment of laws which should protect
him in the enjoyment of his rights, did it mean to
vest in the Hou«e judicial power in any given case,
and that they should constitute themselves sheriff
and bailiff? No; it meant that they should enact
laws. The privileges and immunities of members
were to be protected by laws, just as the privileges
and immunities of other men svere protected—laws
fust made, and then executed by the judicial
power. Against the violation of the privileges of
a member of Congress there was no defence, ex-
cept by the legal authority which the law-making
power has provided. The privileges of members
of Congress were peculiar; but because they were
so, were they sacred above the privileges of other
men? Where was the authority for assuming
that these privileges were higher than the privi-
leges of others? There was none. On the con-
trary, the privileges of each member as a man
were as sacred as any special privileges they pos-
sessed. Though they were peculiar, they were rights
not ifiore sacred than others, and they were only
protected by the Jaw. If a member should state
that he had been assailed here as a member of an
organized body, it would be an assault on the
whole House, and he conceived that the House
had a natural right to defend itself. It could, by
its Sergeant-at-arms, by the authority of the Speak-
er, or without, put its hand on the offender; but
beyond these Halls there was no protection, ex-
cept such as was afforded by the laws of the land,
and the authorities constituted to adjudge and ad-
minister those laws.
Why was it that a District was provided and set
apart to be governed by the legislation of this body?
If this body could, without law, or by an ex post
facto law in any given case, adjudge matters of
privilege, and execute their award of punishment,
independent of the laws enacted under the Consti-
tution, without legal authority on the subject, what
was the use of the District of Columbia? Where,
he again asked, was the use of this District? It
was in order to enable Congress to protect its privi-
leges by the enactment of the necessary laws. For
this purpose, this District was set apart and placed
under the legislation of Congress, that they might
be able to adopt laws for the protection of all their
rights as an organic body. Every member of this
body, by the laws which Congress ,was authorized
to pass, was entitled to protection from arrest, and
he was not to be held responsible for any words
uttered here in his place as a member; but words
not uttered here in his place, and acts not done
here, were not words uttered and acts done in his
capacity as a member.
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL said that he
had not distinctly understood the language of the
resolution, but if it proposed to raise a committee
of inquiry and investigation upon mere rumor, he
should be disposed to doubt the sufficiency of its
foundation. This was, however, in its present
stage, a question of order. The Chair had decided
in favor of the right to make a motion to protect
a member in that capacity from the effect of sup-
posed threats of external violence. It was a privi-
leged motion, and so it had been regarded by the
Chair, without looking beyond the motion itself,
and anticipating a determination upon the question
of privilege which might afterwards arise for the
determination of the House. Mr. I. said that he
considered the Speaker altogether right in the decis-
ion which he had pronounced, and would cheer-
fully sustain him in the depending appeal. It
sufficed, for present purposes, that a member acting
under grave responsibility, and pledging his official
character for the information he conveys, had risen
to the privileged motion, which, upon that respon-
sibility and character, ought to be heard. How
it should be decided hereafter was quite another
thing.
It had been argued that the power of this House
was limited upon a matter.of this sort to very nar-
row bounds. The Constitution, it was thought,
alone defined the privilege which should claim its
protection, and that instrument merely deelared
that, for any speech or debate in either House of
Congress, Senators and Representatives should not
be questioned in any other place. Such,-as he had
understood, had been the argument of his friend
from Georgia and other gentlemen; and even then
it was supposed that the remedy must be provided
by law. Now, (Mr. I. said,) he could not, by si-
lence, allow even a presumed acquiescence in these
views. He thought them much too narrow. A
far wider extent of jurisdiction was embraced m
the character of the assembly, in the fundamental
rules of its existence, and m the sovereign neces-
sity and duty of self-preservation, which every
constituent, principle of continued organization im-
plies. The provision of the Constitution referred
to had nothing of lawless hostility, any more than
amicable inquiry in view. It did not intend to
prohibit a question for information, or even for fair
and useful discussion, anywhere, of sentiments ex-
pressed on this floor. In that sense they were ques-
tioned every day, at home and abroad. They were
questioned at the present day, and they would be
questioned by posterity. Nor did the framers of
the Constitution mean to provide by this sixth sec-
tion against mere intemperate and ruthless outrage.
They knew too well that abstract and chartered
rules could not effect, as they did not provide, a
punishment for evil-doers. They were left to the
municipal regulations of the land as the proper
restraints for all bad passions, whether excited by
personal malignity or supposed legislative oppres-
sion. The whole of this clause of the sixth section
i looked to proceedings in judgment, as they were
usually termed. It exempted members of Congress
from aiTests., which were measures resorted to and
exercised only by color of law, and in its name.
In precisely the same manner it placed in the hands
of members of Congress a legal justification, a plea
in bar, to any and every complaint before a court
of justice for speeches or debates on the legislative
floor. For such speeches or debates they were not
to be questioned in any other place, where law was
respected as the governing principle. The only
answer to be given to such questioning was spoken
by the supreme law of the laud. It spoke to the
courts of justice, and to them alone.
In this view it would be readily perceived that no
constitutional protection whatever was afforded in
terms against mere outrage. It was not to be ex-
pected that it should be. It would be to speak to
the roaring waves, and expect obedience. It would
as readily be perceived that mere protection for
the particular act of speech or debate, while every
other possible legislative duty was left naked to
attack, would be a feeble exercise of parental care.
The danger from legal or seemingly legal interfe-
rence with the performance of Congressional func-
tions, would consist either in^rrest before or during
the exercise of them, or suit for slander afterwards.
To both the Constitution interposes by its verbal
but inexorable fiat an insuperable bar. Anything
else that could touch a member to the interference
with his legislative rights must be merely lawless.
No possible attempt at enumeration could cover the
infinite variety of cases that might occuft*. They
would be varied and multiplied by time and change
of circumstances. They were left for efficient
remedy to the lapse of time and the suggestion of
circumstances.
Why should a speech delivered be the subject of
protection rather than a speech prevented ? if you
could notice by the power of this House an unlawful
attempt to rebuke or assault a membefr for the just
performance of his duty, why should yoa not with
equal rigor restrain and prevent disorderly attempts
to overawe and restrain him from peiforming it
at all? If, for example, during the pendency of a
question of interest, crowds of uninformed individ-
uals determined to waylay members in supposed
opposition to their wishes, would it be tolerated that
the dignity of the House should be prostrated and
its power despised and trampled under foot with
entire impunity? Such had been the beginning of
revolution in almost all time, when legislation had
existed. Had the mob been met, with Cromwell at
its head, before it entered the House of Commons,
and removed that bauble from the Speaker's chair,
one crowned head less might have paid the forfeit
of unwise scruples and unmanly submission. In
quite recent days the avenues to the House of
Lords, on the memorable occasion of the Queen's
trial, were filled up with riotous partisans, who
exacted as the price of permission to pass onward
to his place a promise of obedience or a token of
submission from the most distinguished and popu-
lar of the peerage of the realm. It would not be
kind, at a moment of sympathy with another great
nation, to dwell upon scenes which brought on one
deadly tumult after another by the irruptions of
the populace into the national assemblies, to the*
subversion of monarchy first, and pseudo-republi-
canism afterwards.
Such occurrences as these could not be specifically
guarded against. They were in their nature irregu-
lar, and must be in precise detail unforeseen. Noth*
ing could guard against them except the inherent
principles of order which were incident to every
great legislative assembly. The power to make
laws carried with it the power of self-protection
while engaged in the act, or taking necessary steps
towards it. It was grossly inconsistent with the
character of this—which, if he weie not a member
ot it, he would pronounce an august assembly—to
say that it could not protect itself, much more to
make it the sport of every idle person who might
choose to interrupt its proceedings or wantonly to
insult its dignity.
Nothing could be done to vindicate the honor or
maintain the necessary power of the House, if it
be turned round to the slow necessity of enacting
appropriate laws. The fitting remedy was a sum-
mary one. The evil must be nipped in its bud, or it
would grow and ripen into pernicious fruit. Should
these doors be invaded, and an armed multitude
stand ready to cross its threshold, and hurl you
from your seat, what justification would you find
for yielding up your place in the supposed com-
