1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
•parison of advantages of putting a bill through all
the tedious forms of legislation, while the work of
mischief was m fatal activity, destroying at once
the means and the object of ^ legislative power?
Your Sergeant-at-Arms would be ordered to his
duty. If his arm were too weak, the whole police
of the well-governed population collected at the
seat of Government would instantly be put in re-
quisition; and if violence still should grow in fury
and strength, the whole power of the District, that
virtuous yeomanry which would never, if properly
invited, falter in the support of Heaven's first law,
would rally to the rescue. There was no danger
from external fury at any time if we were true to
ourselves. This was, however, but a discussion of
principles which were at the first impression to be
vindicated without any danger, he confidently trust-
ed, of the necessity of practical exercise. They were
principles which, unless he was greatly mistaken in
sudden recollection, would be found fully sustained
by the great constitutional writers of our country,
and by solemn ad judication from the highest judi-
cial tribunal of the land. They had been repeatedly
recognized and acted on by the different Houses of
Congress, from the earliest existence of the Con-
stitution; and, if public rumor be true, they were
now, or had been within a few days, in active and
actual exercise at the other end of the Capitol.
Mr. DUER said he had not risen to argue the
.'question involved in the preamble and resolutions,
but simply because he wished the House to under-
stand tlffem.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, rose and called
upon the Speaker to require gentlemen to take
their seats.
The SPEAKER accordingly desired gentlemen
who were standing in the aisles and the area of
the House to be seated; and they took their seats
accordingly.
Mr. DUER repeated that he only wished to
understand the preamble and resolution himself,
and that the House should understand what the
question was which they presented. He supposed
the privileges mentioned in the Constitution were
privileges against legal and judicial interference
with the rights of the members of this House.
These, he presumed, were privileges against all
sort of legal interference; but the preamble and
resolution spoke of the interposition of a lawless
mob. He spoke not from any personal knowledge
of the fact, but of what was alleged by the pream-
ble, which.said that a lawless mob had threatened
the personal safety of a member of this House;
and the question then was, whether this House
had not the right to interfere to protect a member
on taking his seat here. If he rightly understood
the preamble and resolution, that was the question.
It was a question of privilege in the strict terms of
the Constitution. Now, if the member of this
House to whom allusion was made had not com-
mitted any act for which he was answerable to the
la-tfs, should a lawless mob threaten his life, and
this HouBe have no right to interfere? Had they
the power to protect themselves in their seats here
for a moment? Or should a lawless mob be per-
mitted to surround them and prevent their coming
to take their seats? If that really were the .ques-
tion, it seemed to him to be a question which he
did not mean to discuss here or anywhere else. If
such a case arose, it was not a question for discus-
sion, and he therefore again asked gentlemen if that
was the question? He hoped the House would not
go astray ,on this great question.
Mr. BEDINGER begged leave to state to the gen-
tleman who had just taken his seat, that "he under-
stood the preamble and resolution very differently
from the understanding of that gentleman. The
preamble did not state—it had not the hardihood
to state—that a lawless mob had actually threat-
ened any member of this House; but it stated that
common rumor, with her thousand lying tongues,
speaking at second hand through a member of this
House, had made that assertion. Here they were
asked to rely on faithless reports that were circu-
lated by common rumor. What right had they
to interfere with, or be influenced by, common
rumor? Were they sent here for that purpose? If
they were thus to be influenced, how many common
rumors would there not be daily to interfere with
the business of this House? He remembered but
a solitary instance of this sort in the course of his
reading, and he knew not that he could give all
the circumstances of that case with accuracy. He
alluded to the ease of John Randolph, of Virginia,
a member of one of the first Congresses of this
Union. Mr. Randolph was in a theatre in Phila-
delphia, when Congress met in that city, and there
he was insulted and assaulted by an officer in the
service of the UniteJ States. Mr. Randolph was
grossly outraged; he was taken by the hair of his
head and violently assaulted; and yet it would-be
found, in Sawyer? Life of Randolph, that the
House decided that it could do nothing in the mat-
ter. An appeal was made to the President, and
even there Mr. Randolph found no remedy. This
was a case the facts of which were well established;
but now the House was called upon to act on mere
common rumor.
Mr. GAYLE tose and said he did not desire to
discuss the question before the House; his main
purpose was to ascertain the precise question now
submitted to the House. A complaint was made
by a member of this House, that according to
rumor, the safety of a member of this House had
been menaced by individuals, or a mob, and there
it stopped. It was said that a mob, or individuals,
had threatened somebody. Now, who was that
somebody? He was a member of this House, and
therefore it was contended by gentlemen, that if
there was a threat against a member of this House,
no matter what provoked it, this House had juiis-
diction in the case, and could call the offending
parties before it. That was the question submitted
for their consideration. Now, he had always un-
derstood, when a man came with any complaint
whatever, either to a legislative assembly or a court
of justice, his complaint must contain such facts
as, if true, would enable the court or the House to
inflict punishment. Well, then, suppose, in this
case, some one had menaced the safety of a mem-
ber of this House, did it follow that that menace
had resulted from any part of such member's legis-
lative conduct ? By no means. The inference was
very strong the other way; for if it had arisen out
of anything said on this floor, nothing would have
been easier than for the gentleman to have inserted
it. If this House should decide this question ac-
cording to-the views of the gentlemen from Penn-
sylvania and New York, [Mr. J. R. Ingersoli.
and Mr. Doer,] it would give license to every
member to go out and commit what depredation he
pleased. A member of this House might go out
into the city of Washington and assail ftriy man in
the community, whether provoked or unprovoked,
and then come back and complain to the House—
not stating the facts, not stating that the man against
whom complaint was made had been assailed, but
simply making a complaint; would that give the
House jurisdiction? Yet such was the position
assumed in this House.
Mr. J. R. 1NGERSOLL did not agree with the
suggestion of the gentleman from Alabama, nor
hadhe ever pretended that there was any right on
the part of this House to interpose, unless some of
its rights were endangered; and then by analogy,
he believed the House could proceed as in the
courts of justice, with which the gentleman from
Alabama was familiar. The courts had always
power to take into their own hands the assertion
and vindication of their own dignity, whenever as-
sailed before the court, or by waylaying witnesses,
or counsel, or judges, or by publications that were
calculated to interfere with the administration of
justice.
Mr. GAYLE concurred with the gentleman from
Pennsylvania in the cases which he had stated.
If a witness or a suitor in a court was waylaid so
that he was prevented attending the court, it would
be competent for the court to interfere. But when
the complaint was made, it was for the witness or
the suitor to state to the court that he had been
waylaid so as to prevent his attendance on the
court. But did this complaint state that anything
had been done either for the purpose of prevent-
ing the attendance of a member of this House, or
in consequence of anything he had done in this
House? No. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. J. R. Ingersoll] did not mean to go so far
in the cases he had cited, but he meant to sustain
the pending resolution of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Palfrey,] and that was what he
(Mr. G.) had stated. This was simply a complaint
predicated on rumor that a mob or individuals had
threatened the safety of a member of this House.
And for what had this been done? It was for the
member making the complaint to state it. He
understood the gentleman from Pennsylvania was
eminent in the legal profession; did he not then
know that when he made such a complaint he
must set forth the facts of the case? What was
the object of such an inquiry, if it was not that the
truth of the facts should be inquired, into,? Sup-
pose on such" a complaint a committee should be
appointed, and it should'be confine^ simply to the
complaint, and a report should be made in con-
formity therewith, what then? It would report
that a certain member of this House (A B) had
been threatened by a mob or by individuals, but
no facts would be set forth,and hence, he repeated,
the adoption of this resolution would be a license
to members of this House to commit whatever
depredations they saw fit. Suppose he found a
man endeavoring to entice away his slaves, and he
kicked that man from his premises, and it turned
out that that man was a member of Congress, and
that he should ask this House to inflict punish-
ment for the assault: if such a case should occur,
a question would come before this House which to
this day had not been heard of, and he hoped and
trusted would not arise.
Mr. INGE said it was manifestly proper, in
order to a right discussion of the question before
the House, that it should be in possession of a
definite knowledge of the facts.
Mr. GIDDINGS here interposed, and said, that
if the gentleman would yield the floor, he would
state some of the facts of the case.
The CHAIR observed, that there was no ques-
tion before the House in relation to the merits of
the resolution, nor as to whether the facts were
such as to justify the allegations stated in it. A
gentleman from Massachusetts had stated in his
place that a member of the House had been men-
aced, and his attendance in the House endangered
by a mob; and he claimed a hearing, that the
House might see whether facts justified the rumor
he had heard; and if they did, whether they were
such as furnished ground of proceedings or not.
The Chair had decided that such allegation having
been made, it raised a privileged question. He
had so decided, in order that, if the privileges of
the House were to be drawn into doubt, it should
be by the House itself, and not by the Speaker.
And that was now the issue. Did such allegation,
of itself, present a privileged question ?
Mr. HARALSON inquired of the Chair whether
the preamble to the resolution might not and ought
not to be inquired into, with the view of ascertain-
ing whether the facts stated therein were such as
made a privileged question or a question of privi-
lege. He proposed to make some remarks on that
subject.
The SPEAKER said it was clearly the right of
the House to do so; and so the Chair had ruled.
It had decided that the allegation of a member
brought the question up at once, and then it would
be the province of the House itself to determine
whether its privileges had been violated or not. It
was from this decision that an appeal had been
taken by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Brodhead.]
Mr. GIDDINGS said his judgment accorded
with that of the Speaker, and he was desirous of
stating some facts to the House.
Mr. INGE (who still retained the floor) went
on to remark that the appeal of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania arose from the allegations contained
in the preamble to (he resolution; and no state-
ment of facts by the gentleman from Ohio could
vary the question. Mr. I. was, however, very
willing to hear what the gentleman had to say.
He wished, for one, to know what threats thepre-
amble of the resolution referred to, and also what
provocation (if any) had elicited the threats utter-
ed. If the gentleman from Ohio was the individ-
ual who had been menaced, let him get up and
say so.
The CHAIR ruled, that until the question on
the appeal had been decided, no other question
would be in order.
Mr. GIDDINGS expressed a great desire to get
the floor.
Several other gentlemen were on their anc*
there was a good deal of sensation in the House,
Mr. BOYD wished to understand the decision
appealed from. As he understood it, a gentleman
had offered a resolution, the preamble to which
stated that it was rumored that a member of the
House had been menaced, and the Chair had de-
cided that to be a question of privilege. _
The CHAIR corrected Mr. B. What the Chair
had decided was* that the inquiry proposed by the
