652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
resolution was a privileged question. When it j
was received as such, then it would be competent j
for the House itself, and not for the Speaker, to ,
decide whether its privileges had been violated or [
n°Mr. INGE.proceedeiTto say that he regretted '
very much that the House could not have the state-
ment of facts which the gentleman from Ohio had
been about to submit. Under the circumstances,
they would be interesting. Mr. I. was in favor of
any course which went to vindicate the rights of
that body, or of any member of it. He was pre-
pared to assert them to the whole extent laid down
by the Constitution, and as the Constitution went
to restrict the parliamentary law. But they were
now acting in the dark. Here was a proposition
submitted to the House for the raising of a com-
mittee, and no facts on which to form an opinion
whether any committee was necessary. They
knew, indeed, that within a few days past, the
rights of individuals had been assailed m this Dis-
trict, and an insidious attempt made to attack the
property held by them under the guarantee of the
Constitution. But there was no proof before the
House that any member of Congress had been
connected with it in any way. The resolution
stated that a rumor existed that a member of the
House had been menaced, and it proposed, in con-
sequence of this rumor, that a committee of in-
quiry be raised. Mr. 1. wanted to know what
facts there were to justify the action of the House,
or to raise a question of privilege demanding its
interference ? A question of privilege extended to
cases not provided for by the law. The privilege
of a member was something which the Constitu-
tion conferred upon him, but which was not con-
ferred by law upon others. The resolution referred
to the rumored action of a " lawless mob." Now,
there were laws in this District for the suppression
of mobs; and, if that was true, then the facts raised
no question of privilege at ail. The piivilege of
a member was something over and above what
was the right of other citizens. But the law in
this District was sufficient to put down a mob, if
any such thing existed; but it was Mr. I. 's opinion
that there was no mob, and had been none. But
granting there was, if the laws were sufficient to
protect the personal safety of a member, there was
no cause for the House exercising any extraordi-
nary powers in the matter. Besides, by attempt-
ing to interfere in this affair, the House might
possibly involve itself in difficulty. It was possi-
ble that the House might fix a reproach on itself
through some of its members. It might be that j
the member alleged to have been threatened had >
placed himself in a condition calculated to excite 1
the public indignation. If it was true that illicit 1
efforts had been made by kidnappers now in cus-
tody for the perpetration of a felony, then those
who made them were accessories after the fact to
a felony, and had no right to claim the protection
of the House. Mr. I. repeated his regret that the
House could not have the facts before it.
Mr. VINTON suid it appeared to him that the
House lost sight of the just distinction stated by
the Chair between a question of privilege and a
privileged question. The Chair decided that this
was a privileged question; that is, that it was a
question which had a right to be heard at once in
preference to every other. As soon as it was be-
fore the House, then arose the question of privi-
lege, viz: the question whether the privileges of a
member had been violated. The decision of the
Speaker that this was a privileged question, and
as such had a right at once to be heard, decided
nothing as to the question of the violation of privi-
lege. It did not settle what were and what were
not the rights of that body. That was a matter
for tiie House itself to decide. The House could
not permit such a question as that to be settled by
the Chair.
Mr. V. said he should deliberate long, very
long, before he would vote a committee on mere
vague common rumor; he should deliberate still
longer befoie, on the ground of such rumor, he
would declare that the privileges of the House had
been violated. Nor would he consent to let the
Chair decide that question. He thought the de-
cision of the Chair had been right. This was a
privileged question; it was brought forward as
such. When it came up for discussion before the
House, then, and hot till then, arose the great and
often difficult and very delicate question whethei
any act had been done which affected the liberty
of members of that House and the liberty of the
people.
Mr. HARALSON wished to submit a few re-
marks in comparison of the declarations of the
preamble of the resolutions'proposed by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Palfrey,] and
"the Constitution of the United ^tates, and he should
do this with a view to demonstrate that this was
neither a question of privilege nor a privileged
members of the House had not had a hand m de-
priving them of their constitutional rights ?
Mr. PALFREY here interposed to say, that if
the gentleman from Georgia would introduce such
a provision by way of amendment, Mr. P. would
accept it as a modification.
Mr. HARALSON. I am father to no such
paper as this offered by the member from Massa-
chusetts. I charge myself with the guardianship
question, tor the better accomplishment of his i only of my own children. I do not know that
object, he would read both a portion of the Con- \\ the rumor is true. I mention it as but one of the
stitution and the preamble of the resolution. Mr.
H. then read from section six of article one:
"They [f. e. members of both Houses] shall m all cases,
except treason, niony, and breach ot the peace, be privi-
leged from arrest dainty; their attendance at the session of
their respective Houses., and in going to and returning from
the same; and for any speech or debate in either riouse
they shall not be questioned in any other place."
"They shall be free from arrest," i. e. by the
laws of the land, under legal process, as for debt,
&c. Now, it had not been tehown by the pream-
ble of the resolution that any such arrest had been
made or attempted. What were the facts set forth
in the preamble ?
"Whereas common report has represented to members
of this House that a lawless mob has assembled withm the
Dutuct ot Columbia on each of thetwonignts last past,and
hao committed acts of violence, setting at defiance the laws
and constituted autnont.es uf the United States, and men-
acing individuals oi this body and other persons residing in
this city."
By common report! Why, common report
might have assumed a thousand different shapes as
to the facts, and put a thousand varying phases
upon such facts as had occurred." It was said that
members of the House had been concerned in what
had caused the riots or disturbances in the city.
Mr. H. did not vouch for the truth of such a report;
but such was the report. He did not mention this
as fact, but he mentioned it to expose the folly of
instituting solemn investigation by committees of
that House on every floating rumor that filled the
air. The House was asked, on a mere floating
report, to say there had been a breach of the privi-
leges of tins House. Mr. H. trusted the time had
not come when the House would be guilty of any
such folly.
If the privileges of a member of this House, as
stated in the Constitution, have been assailed and
violated, and a member would rise in his place and
make that statement, or submit it in writing, that
he had been arrested, and violently prevented from
attending the sitting of the House, for alleged
offences other than those excepted in the Constitu-
tion, and had resorted to the law for relief without
success, it might become a question whether the
House would even then have the power to inter-
pose its authority to investigate the matter. Even
then it would be questionable whether this House
could exercise such powers; but it certainly could
not upon the statement now made to the House—
a statement insufficient in itself, and founded on
mere nimor.
The preamble says: " a lawless mob has assem-
' bled within the District of Columbia on each of
{the two nights last past, and has committed acts
4 of violence, setting at defiance the laws and con- j
' stituted authorities of the United States, and men- I
{ acmg individuals of this body." This last clause \
was ail that related to members of the House. !
Now, supposing it were as rumored, he would ask
gentlemen to look at the clause of the Constitution
which lie had read, and which contained all that
ielated to the puvileges of members of Congress,
and see whether a menace was held to be a breach
of privilege. Itwas presumed,and Mr. H. believed
generally with truth, that members of Congress
were orderly in their deportment and submissive to
the laws: if one of them was improperly menaced,
there were laws in this District which would abun-
dantly protect Inm; if any undue menace had been
addiessed to a member, he could appeal to the Jaw
and get ample redress. But if redress were refused
him, then it would be time for him to invoke the
protection of the House. If he had been interrupted
m his attendance and prevented from discharging
his official duty, let that fact be made to appear,
and it might be very proper for the House to in-
quire into the case, but not on mere vague rumor.
The resolution went further: it said thatnotonly
members of Congress but other citizens had been
menaced; so rumor said. If any investigation was
to be had at all, might it not be more proper to
inquire who had interfered with the rights of the
people of the District of Columbia; and whether
! thousand rumors that prevail without any founda-
| tion, so far as I know. I have spoken with the
' view to show the folly of acting as proposed, until
l there is a specific charge made by some member of
i the House—a specific chaige of violation of privi-
i lege, as defined in the Constitution. If a member
; of that body, in the streets of this city, violated
I the law—was found in the violation of the pn-
! vate right of some of the people of this District,
i and should meet with a sudden and summary pun-
! ishmentatthe hands of the party injured, I im-
agine it would hardly be considered a violation of
the privilege of the member. His difficulty would
in nowise connect itseif with his duty on this
floor. The House would render itself ridiculous,
and incur the public contempt by attempting to in-
terfere. Much more ridiculous would it be for the
House to institute an inquiry upon the bare allega-
tion of a menace towards one of its members. If
there was no law in the District oP Columbia, or
no court to enforce any, then, indeed, it ftiight be
proper for the House to inquire and act for the
protection of its own members. But there was law
in the District, and there were judges and juries.
Let the threatened member appeal to them. There
was no proof that the privilege of any member had
been violated.
Mr. BARRINGER said it was important that
the precise question should be understood. He
had understood the Speaker to decide that there
was sufficient matter on the face of the paper pre-
sented by the gentleman from Massachusetts to
authorize him to declare its presentation to be a
privileged question. He was fully aware of the
distinction between a question of privilege and
a privileged question, as taken by the Speaker,
and commented upon by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Vinton;] and while he fully admit-
ted that distinction, he was equally clear in the
opinion, with great deference to the uniform cor-
rectness of the Chair, that in this question the
opinion of the Chair was wrong. He (Mr. B.)
maintained there ought to appear on the face of
the paper sufficient distinct matter, sufficient spe-
cific charges—that some specific fact, or some spe-
cific person, ought to be named, to authorize the
Speaker to declare its presentation to be a privi-
leged question. He would venture to declare that
they might search the whole Parliamentary rec-
ords of England and this country, and they could
not find a single case where the Speaker had de-
cided it to be a privileged question without such
specification.
The SPEAKER wished to be allowed to call tho
attention of the gentleman from North Carolina to
the fact, that the Manual said that " common fame
is good ground for the House to proceed to inquire
or even to"  * * * *
Mr. BARRINGER replied, undoubtedly; but
that did not reach the case. Common fame must
assert that the safety of some member of the House,
designating him by name, was menaced, or must
designate some particular fact. There was no such
|| designation or specification here. By way of illus-
■ j tration, suppose the opinion of the Chair that this
|j was a privileged question was sustained by the
ji House, and the House decided to pass the resolu-
|! tion—what a vague, indefinite inquiry, implicating
l' the conduct of every member of tlus House, would
j; they not be thrust into at once.
Another ground on which, with great respect,
I: he thought the Chair in error, was, that the resolu-
| tion contained other matters beside those relating
j1 to the personal safety of members of this House.
H It is proposed to take into consideration the expe-
\\ diency of passing general laws for the safety of
;! members of this House. A proposition like this
jl to legislate generally could not certainly be con-
j sidered a privileged question to authorize its pre-
; sentation at any time to override other business.
Mr. STEPHENS considered the question now
| before the House simply one of order. The gentle-
I man from North Carolina had stated perhaps what
