654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
When he heard such declarationsi made on this
floor by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,]
when their slaves were invited to run away , and
were told, if you kill your master in attempting to
retake you, you are clever fellows; when the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Palfrey] declar-
ed that there were thousands of slaves in New
Bedford who had paid for themselves by their
heels; and when, in the face of these declarations,
a ship from a northern State came to this District
and took off a ship-load of slaves, to pay for them-
selves by their heels also, it was time to meet this
matter as became a Representative from the South.
HelovedtheUnion. It had cost him and his much.
There was not a battle-field, from Saratoga to Cam-
den, but had drank the life-blood of some of his
family and relatives; but, love it as he did, he hailed
dissolution with pleasure and joy,if they were con-
tinually to be taunted by fanatics and hypocrites—
if their wives and little ones were to be assassinated
and destroyed by intermeddling men with hearts
black as hell. This was the feeling of his heart.
He could say nothing less. The South asked no
favors; and if gentlemen supposed that because
they had said nothing tmtil driven to it by their
unhallowed machinations and intrigues, that they
were afraid to investigate the question, they had
mistaken the South altogether.
He felt, and he would here express, most pro-
found obligations to his northern auiLwestern Dem-
ocratic friends, who had stood by them in defence
of the rights of the South to the number of twenty-
five or thirty, in a vote which had recently been
taken; while, on the other side, not a northern or
■western man had stood by southern rights. He
classified the Abolitionists of the North in two
divisions: one a set of fanatics who1, though pos-
sessing no genuine social feelings, were honest men;
and the other,men who madeuse of them to secure
seats in Congress and power and elevation for them-
selves, who stirred up the strife—vile hypocrites,
who went around to the factories and Sunday
schools, getting children and women to sign peti-
tions 011 matters with which they had no concern,
to bring them to Congress. Such miserable sub-
terfuges, such vile and wicked resorts, disgraced
humanity.
He denied that slavery was either a moral, social,
or political evil. They had nothing to do With it.
It was a matter which belonged to the South. He
asked gentlemen if the agonizing, heart-rending cry
of the slave in the middle passage, kidnapped from
Africa,hadeverarisen from shipsfrom North Caro-
lina ? No; Massachusetts and Rhode Island could
tell us about it. It had rung from their vessels,
and that inhuman traffic had been a source of their
wealth; almost everything in the town of Newport,
Rhode Island, had been made out of it; and Rhode
Island had been represented in the other end of the
" Capitol by one of these slave-dealers, for it had
so been charged upon that floor. The North had
brought this institution upon them. The descend-
antsof those who landed at Plymouth, and of Roger
Williams, had sold them their slaves and pocketed
the money. And now they were enlisted in a cru-
sade against their property; and they had recently
undertaken to kidnap and decoy away seventy-live
in one vessel from this District; and gentlemen came
here and with long faces complained that the peo-
ple of this city had risen to defend their rights !
Mr. V. had heard of a member of Congress who
had gone yesterday to the jail for the purpose of
giving counsel to these felons, who were caught
flagrante dclicto! He had heard that a member of
this House had volunteered his services, had gone
to the jail for the purpose of throwing the weight
of his character, and influence, and talents in de-
fence of men who had plundered the owners in the
District of their slaves, and were caught with the
negroes in their possession!
Mr. GIDDINGS asked to be permitted to ex-
plain, and, the floor being yielded^said, if the gen-
tleman alluded to him he would say unhesitatingly
—it was due to the gentleman from North Caro-
lina that he should say to him, and the House,and
the country, most distinctly, that he did visit the
prison yesterday. He did so in the character of a
man, as well as a member of this House; he said
to the keeper of the prison, who, so far as he knew,
behaved entirely gentlemanly, that he came there
to say to those men who were incarcerated under
this charge that they should have counsel provided
for them. The keeper of the prison heard every
~wovd he uttered—that he had brought with him a
gentleman who would serve as their counsel; that-
he did it for the purpose of protecting their legal
rights, so that upon their trial they might have the
laws of the laqd dealt out to them as they were to
other people; that he was persuaded no illegal vio-
lence would be used. For that purpose, and from
his own promptings of humanity, he had visited
them togive them this information. No w, let gen-
tlemen say what they pleased.
Mr. GAYLE. Was the gentleman's object to
reward these men and approve their course? Or
was it mere benevolence to defend men who could
not defend themselves?
Mr. GIDDINGS was glad the gentleman from
Alabama had put to him that question. He had i
gone there to say to those men that no mob vio- j
lance should take their lives; that his influence, and
the aid of counsel, and the law, should save them
from a barbarous mob. He had gone there from
the promptings of humanity; he had never seen or
heard of them, or known anything of them, before.
Mr. GAYLE. Did not the gentleman go there
for the purpose of encouraging these people?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, rose simultane-
ously with Mr. GAYLE, and desired to ask the
gentleman from Ohio one question.
Mr. GIDDINGS expressed a willingness to an-
swer questions which might be propounded.
" Mr. VENABLE, Tiowever, resumed the floor,
as his time was so rapidly running away. He
would ask the gentleman from Ohio why it was so
necessary to go to these men in jail and assure
them they should be safe from the mob? Did not
every man know that they were in no danger when
safely lodged there? It was a work of superero-
gation. The gentleman was careful to visit those
who had been caught m stealing and carrying away
slaves; had he gone to see the poor burglar, the
felon who was confined in jail for other crimes?
No ! The sympathies of his heart were drawn out
to nothing there but these seventy-five negroes,
and the men who had stolen them!
Mr. GIDDINGS. Does the gentleman want me
to answer that question ?
Mr. VENABLE declined to give way, and,
after further remarks, moved an amendment to the
resolution to make the committee consist of nine
members instead of five, and that they be elected
by ballot instead of being appointed by the
Speaker.
Mr. HASKELL (the floor being yielded) de-
sired to ask the gentleman from Ohio two ques-
tions, and that the gentleman would give him, as
far as he should find it convenient, a categorical
answer: the first was, whether he justified those
slaves who had lately made an attempt to escape
from their owners in the District of Columbia in
that attempt?
Mr. GIDDINGS, (addressing the Speaker.)
Have I the floor to reply?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
North Carolina yield the floor to the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. VENABLE-assented.
Mr. GIDDINGS said, to thequestion which had
been put to him, whether he justified the slaves
who had left their masters in the District of Co-
lumbia in pursuit of their liberty, he could have
no hesitation in answering before an assembled
universe. He held, as did our fathers in 1776, that
all men were born equal, and that to protect their
rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness,
governments were framed among men. Now,
believing that mankind, as they came from God,
were equal, he had ever been taught by his fathers
—and here he would say to the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Venable] that he (Mr. G.)
boasted not that his fathers fought for liberty.
Why did not the gentleman himself fight for it?
Before he assailed him, (Mr. G.,) let him put him-
self rectus in curia 
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, rose to a point
of order.
Mr. GIDDINGS begged not to be interrupted
until he had finished the answer to the gentleman's
question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
will give way; the gentleman from Delaware rises
to a point of order.
Mr. HOUSTON stated his point to be, whether,
upon a preambleand resolution-stating that a mem-
ber of this House had been menaced by persons
out of this House for his participation, or alleged
participation, in certain civil and criminal trans-
actions, it was competent for his friend from Ten-
nessee to put the question to the gentleman from
Ohio whether he justified this act?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I take no exception to the
question.
The SPEAKER replied to Mr. Houston that
the gentleman from Ohio was not obliged to an-
swer any question; but that, i(i the wide range
allowed to the debate, it was certainly competent
for the gentleman from Tennessee to put the ques-
tion, and for the gentleman from Ohio to answer
it if he pleased.
Mr. GIDDINGS (resuming) remarked that he
saw gentlemen from the South were excited on the
subject,and he might become excited. But it wa3
a beautiful question, and if the doughfaces would
only not interfere, they would have a fine fight.
He was stating his views (he coniinued) on the
rights of humanity, and he said to the gentleman
from Tennessee that he held precisejy with the
fathers of 1776, to whom he had alluded. He held
to the principle for which the gentleman's fathers
and his contended at Bunker Hill and Yorktown;
he held to the principle on which this Government
was based for its support—that man was free and
equal; and that he who attempted to interfere be-
tween his God and himself, to interfere with hia
God-given rights, did it at his peril. He held that
he who stepped between him anti his God, and
attempted either to rob him of his life or liberty,
did it at his peril; and so far as God and nature
had bestowed on him the power, he should not do
it. He held that every human being who came
into the world and breathed the air God had cre-
ated, came into it with this right; and he who at-
tempted to interfere with it, did so at his peril. He
held that there never was a more just and righteous
retribution than was inflicted upon the Africans ini
1804, when Decatur and Somers went there, and
when these men who enslaved their fellow-men
were made themselves to bite the dust. There
never was a more glorious cause to fight for; nor
would he ask for a more glorious death than to die
in just such a cause. He held that it was right,
and he held that any man, when he enslaved his
fellow-man—when the hand of power was brought
to bear on his God-given rights—his "inalienable
rights," (to use the words of our fathers,) had the
right to defend that liberty, and, to come down to
the gentleman's specific question——
Mr. HASKELL. I am very glad to hear you
reach it.
Mr. GIDDINGS, (continuing his sentence.) I
say that the slaves of this District, when they felt
the hand of oppression bearing on them, possessed
before the universal world and before God himself
the right to free themselves by any means God has
put into the power 
Mr. HASKELL. The gentleman has answered
that question. I am satisfied.
Mr. GIDDINGS, (retaining the floor.) I am
not. I want to finish my answer.
Mr. HASKELL Inasmuch as the gentleman
has justified this attempt of these slaves to escape
from their rightful owners, I call on him to know
whether he justifies the thieves who stole them?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I do not know that there
were any thieves.
Mr. HASKELL. The men, then, the individ-
uals, the parties who were engaged in this kid-
napping?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I say, unhesitatingly, where
laws are in force; where legal constitutional laws
of the land enforce penalties on such actions, they
are to be obeyed. 1 am not permitted to interfere
with the rights of the people of this District, be-
cause I owe allegiance to my Government, and he
who interferes does it at his peril. There can be
no difference between the gentleman and myself
on that subject.
Mr. HASKELL. Then do I understand the
gentleman to justify these men?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I say that those who did it,
did it at their peril.
Mr. HASKELL. Does the gentleman condemn
these individuals?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I say, unquestionably, if
they did it, they violated the law.
Mr. HASKELL. Does the gentleman consider
it a violation of law?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Unquestionably,ifthey aided
slaves in escaping. I am not very conversant with
the laws of this District, theugh I have had occa-
sion to look into them some—I understand it is a
