1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
659
House in behalf of the minority of the committee
in the Jarvis case ;
" This power, [to punish the assault in question J if it exist,
must rest for its support upon that doctrine of privilege which
is said to be established by the law and custom ef Parlia-
' tnent—a doctrine which, in their estimation, [of the minor-
ity of the committee,] is as incompatible with the genius of
our Government as it is dangerous to the rights of the citizen.
In proof of this, they propose to take a brief review of its
origin and progress, as also of its practical application to that
deliberative assembly which is generally regarded by those
Who assert the power as the source whence precedents are
to be derived illustrative of the proper occasion forits exer-
cise. It is said by a celebrated writer upon the subject, that
•the law of Parliament' is to be soughtafler by all, is unknown
' to many, and known only to a few; that it is to he learned
* out of the rolls of Parliament and other records, and by pre-
cedents and continual experience;' that 'themaximsupon
' which they proceed, together with the method of proceed-
' ing, rest entirely in the breast of Parliament itself, and are
' not defined and asceitalned by any particular slated laws.'
And again: e that the dignity and independence of the two
' Houses are, in a great measure, preserved by keeping their
e privileges indefinite.' Thus, It appears, from the natuie of
this parliamentary law and these parliamentary privileges,
*hat they are incompatible with the pimciples of our Gov-
ernment and against the dictates of justice. Nothing can,
without a solecism m language, be called a law, but some rule
of action which is published to those who are to be affected
by it; whilst it is seen that the law of Parliament, so mis-
called, js locked up in their own bosoms; and nothing can
be more unjust than to punish an individual for any ofience
against those privileges, the nature and character of which,
being indefinite,aie utterly unknown,and which onlybecome
known as paiticular eases occur; thus making the infliction
of punishment the first evidence of the existence of the rule
under which it is inflicted."
He repeated, did the House possess the power
to punish a citizen fey an ex post facto resolution—
a citizen who had no premonition, who was not
advised that it was a breach of the privileges of the
House to speak of the gentleman from Ohio or any-
body else? Were they to bring' him before them
by virtue of a law which had been locked up m
their bosoms, which he had never heard, seen, or
read? It was the very essence of tyranny; and that
very principle which induced a man to stand up
against the extension of the prerogatives of the
monarch, ought to induce him to stand up against
this unwarranted extension of the privileges of the
House of Representatives.
He did not wish to be misunderstood. If tJieir
order was interrupted, if any intruder came in and
disturbed their proceedings, they had the proper
officers—the Sergeant-at-Arms and Doorkeeper—
who might require assistance, if necessary. That
was an inherent power in every deliberative body,
in every court—the power of self-defence and self-
preservation; and So far as protecting the delibera-
tions of this body was concerned, it was a power
needful and requisite. Cut when they went beyond
the purlieus of the House, out into the commu-
nity, nnd said that their privilege protected them as
individuals, and invested them with a kind of supe-
rior majesty of fancied sanctity; that it not only
protected'them as members of Congress, but when
engaged in other affairs, it was going quite beyond
the bounds of reason. Suppose a member of
Congress insulted a man; suppose he committed a
trespass, or did anything in violation of the legal
rights of others, was such immaculate sanctity and
immunity thrown around him by the privileges of
this House as to shield and screen him ? Certainly
not. Such a doctrine would give him unbridled,
unlicensed liberty, whenever and wherever he
pleased, to assault and insult the citizen.
When they had enacted no law, then, declaring
•what should be breach of privilege, what should
be contempt, and what should be their penalty, he
asked them if, on a mere vagrant idle rumor, they ;
■would get up a kind of star-chamber commission, j
to consist of five or nine persons, with power to
bring up and punish an individual who talked of a-
-roember of Congress, (if he had talked at all,) not
in his presence, who had not impeded his going
to or returning from the House? Had they the
right despotically, tyrannically, to arraign the citi-
zens of the District of Columbia for no offence
against the laws ? The Speaker had very properly j
remarked, when the resolution was first presented, I
that members might eali for specifications. There j
had been no specifications. A general, loosely-
worded resolution was all they had before them,
which, if passed, would amount to a warrant to
catch whosoever they would. Tho man that had
talked, about whom or what he had talked, was
not pointed out, and this warrant to catch whom
they pleased was called for; and they were told
that the privileges of the House would be protected
in that way!
He should vote against this whole proceeding.
Suppose the gentleman got this committee raised,
and suppose an individual was brought before them
who had talked: what punishment would they in-
flict upon him? Would they imprison, sentence
to hard labor, or exile him? Suppose he had
talked about the gentleman from Ohio when he
was not within a mile of him. Were they for this
to sit in solemn conclave of five to determine what
should be done with him ? He put it to the House,
had they ever had brought before them a proposition
so idle, so useless, and ridiculous! He would not
encourage anything disorderly. The gentleman
from Ohio and the gentleman from Massachusetts,
so far as their personal rights were concerned, or
their rights as members of Congress, were entitled
to the same protection as other citizens and other
members of Congress. He regretted that we should
have anything of the character or description of a
mob. He belonged to the law and order party.
But this thing of a mob, like the privilege claimed
in some quarters for members of the House, was
a thing quite indefinite. It was rather hard to tell
what it meant. A body of men, exercising the
right of revolution in Paris, the other day had
gone into the House of .Deputies, and turned out
neck and heels its members, and established a gov-
ernment. We had sent them our congratulations
and felicitations. He trusted they might succeed
in what they were doing, and that from their present
chaotic government might come out a government
like our.own—founded on true republican princi-
ples, which should be handed down to succeeding
generations in that country. He believed in tho
gentleman's own State a mob commenced the
war of our Revolution—a tea-party in Boston
harbor—who were now held in veneration by
everybody. The people in this District had been
aroused—not exactly to a revolution, for he be-
lieved they were pretty well satisfied with then-
government— from the fact that some piratical
schooner, whether from Morocco or Algiers he
could not tell, had come in and clandestinely taken
some seventy or eighty slaves from their owners—
had stolen some $50,000 in value, and made off
with them, like a party of Indians making an in-
cursion upon a border settlement, and running
away with a lot of horses and cattle. Some of the
owners, he understood, were widows, some men
of small means; and they had had the audacity to
denounce this as a species of larceny, theft, crime,
and to talk about those who promoted it. He
thought they had rather shown themselves a kind
Christian people that they had not talked more.
Why, there was not a man, who had the heart of
a man within him, who, let any man interfere with
his domestic relations—the relation of parent and
child, guardian and ward, or master and servant—
and diag away one so connected with him without
authority or pretence of claim, would quietly, kind-
ly submit. There were few as strong peace men
as that. These men owned slaves; they had been
robbed of them; and was this House to say that
their talking about it under the wrongs and aggra-
vations which had been thrown upon them inter-
fered with thedignity and privilegesof the Congress
of the United States?
He would refrain from speaking at this time in
reference to this slave question; for on another
occasion he designed and desired to give his views
at length. He knew between the gentleman who
had offered this resolution and those of similar
views and himself there was a wide difference. He
knew when they came up to this question it always
aroused excitement and feeling. This House knew,
from the scenes that had transpired before in this
Hall, that nothing of good to the country or to the
individual participants in the debate ever arose.
He regretted whenever the question came up; and
in his heart, charitable as he might be, he could
not forgive a man who, recollecting the compro-
mises of the Constitution, recollecting how pros-
perously and gloriously we had lived under it and
grown to greatness and power, unmindful of his
duties and of the rights of others, assumed juris-
diction and control over questions which did not
belong to him—the man who, blindly led by po-
litical fanaticism, assumed to denounce Southern
men and their institutions. liv^n if they were
wrong in holding slaves, even if it was a sore spot,
did it become their brethren of the North to becon-
tinually rasping it? If they had a plague-spot upon
them, let them alone; do not be continually putting
spoti it a coal of fire, They were their negroes;
it was their own domestic institution, sustained
and regulated by their own laws. Why, then, in
the name of truth and justice, were gentlemen con-
tinually intermeddling with that which did not be-
long to them, with which they had no concern?
In this instance every man saw how such proceed-
ings generally resulted. These sevenfy or eighty
slaves would many of them be sent to the South
by their owners, and besides them perhaps a thou-
sand more, where they would be subjected to the
consequences of change of climate, food, living,
and, by the time.they became acclimated, perhaps
five hundred of them would d e.
That was the result of the benevolence of those
gentlemen who took so much concern in this mat-
ter, which did not belong to them. Why, in the
State of Kentucky, before this abolition movement
was got up, there was a large party in favor of
emancipation. That party was met in its progress in
this way—by men who were not content to let them
go on and themselves effect the work, but resorted
to denunciation, and threats, and attempts at com-
pulsion; and who, in their excessive zeal to free
the slave of the South, only riveted his chains.
When they said to the citizens of Kentucky, You
shall strike off the manacles of the slave, they only
riveted them on him harderand harder. The gen-
tleman near him [Mr. Bayly] said it was the same
in Virginia. Not only this, but the gentleman from
Virginia and every man from the slave States knew
the fact—he knew it from personal knowledge, fi om
observation, that wherever you turn these slaves
loose they are a degraded class; they never come
up to the enjoyment of equal privileges. Look at
the statistics of the country; look at the last cen-
sus, and we found the free negroes a poor, degra-
ded, vagabond class—participants in theft, larceny,
crime, outcasts from society, unprotected from the
wrongs and injuries of bad white men, uncared for
in sickness and age, as the owner from affection
and interest cares for and protects his slaves.
Wherever you turned a negro free, pauperism, va-
grancy, demoralisation, and crime overtook him
and his descendants. All experience proved this.
In view of these facts, there was a vast difference
between these gentlemen and him. He regarded
their course as an unauthorized, officious inter-
meddling—a species of intervention where neither
their jurisdiction, their duty, nor business led them.
In the madness of a mistaken philanthropy, phren-
sied by what they professed to be the good of the
black man, they were continually defeating their
own ends, injuring the cause of freedom, and bind-
ing more firmly the chains of the slave.
Mr. BAYLY had designed, when he came here
this morning, to discuss this great question of priv-
ilege, but it had been so satisfactorily argued bv
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Thompson,"]
that he should not attempt to add anything to that
gentleman's argument. But he meant to present
a second view of. the subject which he had at the
same time had in contemplation. Conceding the
right of this House to pass this resolution, yet the
conduct of the person who was said to have been
menaced had been such, that, admitting the juris-
diction of this House, it was not becoming in them
to exercise it. What he had been subjected to
was the legitimate consequence of their own con-
duct, and for him he had not the slightest sym-
pathy.
He desired to show—and, unless he had greatly
mistaken the force of evidence, he should show—
that the agitation of this subject of slavery in
this House, out of which so much mischief had
grown, was occasioned by the instrumentality of
a foreign nation, which was prompted by self-
ish views to aim a deadly blow at not only the
prosperity, but the very existence, of this coun-
try. The House might suppose that this was a
broad assertion, but he pledged himself to prove
its truth. He repeated that this abolition move-
ment in the North, which had grown up until
it had assumed so fearful a character, was the
prompting of the British nation, and the abolition-
ists here are but the instruments of another nation
in its aggressions on us. Gentlemen might regard
it as a bold assertion, but he was prepared to es-
tablish it, and he desired now to do it the more
that the North rather than the South might see the
testimony. They all knew that for more than two
centuries there was no nation on the face of the
earth that clung so tenaciously to the slave trade
and to slavery as the British Government. Down
to as late a period as 1776 a motion was made in
