662
the. congressional globe.
April 213
. «.r ■;« s frxr'ts
with Prance,
our'earliestnlly-, at the prospect of her genera-
out; aid the occasion of rejoicing
[ion, was- .seized upon to renew it. A parcel of
negroes are induced to flee from their masters, to
which they were stimulated hy the conduct and
speeches of members here. They are recaptured,
and the felons who aided in their escape are lodged
in jail. A member of this House goes there to
offer them his sympathy and counsel. The people,
with a moderation which, as proper as it wa3,
amazed him, (Mr. B.,) do no rtiore than warn htm
off. And, forsooth, this House is to interpose for
his protection. Sir, he and his associates are the
authors of all the misery which has been brought
on these slaves and felons, and it is a pity they do
not partake with them in it.
It thus appears what are the origin and the object
of this constant agitation of the subject of slavery.
How is its abolition to be ultimately effected?
We were constantly told here that the fanatics
of the North did not look to the insurrection of the
blacks, and that they did not desire to incite the
slaves to rebellion. It had been often said here
that they do not either immediately or remotely
expect to see abolition effected by insurrection. It
was the policy of the abolitionists to deny it as
yet, but this report distinctly takes the ground,
that if the master will not yield to moral suasion
and peaceable emancipation, insurrection would be
the natural and proper consequence. Here is what
they say on that point:
" If a rayof hope penetrates their gloom, though the chink
through which it passes be never so small, it will banish all
thought of insurrection while it shines. Though while hope
of relief from some quarter holds out, the slave wilt abstain
from rebellion, it is not to be expected that they will con-
tinue to do so if this hope shall fade away. Once let them
come to an understanding of their rights, and the master
will he forced to the alternative of giving them or of suffer-
ing them to be taken. Though our business is with the
master—though it is for him and his political equals we print
and lectuie—yet we have now pledged ourselves to prevent,
■what it is impossible should be prevented, the slaves from getting
knowledge that we are printing and lecturing. After our
operations have, for a fair probationary space, displaced
all thoughts of insurrection by a butter hope of deliveianco,
if the masters disappoint that hope, the consequences must
be upon their own heads."
With such evidence before him, he asserted that
they did look to insurrection. They do look to
freeing the blacks by murdering the whites. They I
could not, without stultifying themselves, look to |
any other course, and they do not. They know '
that peaceable emancipation never can take place.
In this very report they say, they do not expect I
to convince the master; but even if they should be I
convinced of the wrong so much alluded to, he !
(Mr. B.) undertook to say that emancipation was j
impossible. In many of the States, more than i
half the population was black; and did the Abo-
litionists expect that the South would consent to
have such a population let loose upon them as free
negroes? Did they expect the South to live in that
condition? Gentlemen from the northern States
might answer the question for themselves. Do
they do it? Why, in how many States did they
exclude the free negroes' Had they not passed
stringent laws against them in those states where
the infusion of free negroes would be comparatively
small and harmless? and yet they would not con-
sent to even so small an infusion there. Did they,
then, expect that they of the South would consent
to let loose such a number as they had? They
do not expect it.
But suppose it were possible; as far as the pur-
poses of humanity were concerned, it would not
make the case better. Suppose they were eman-
cipated: did anybody believe that the whites and
blacks in equal proportions could live in peace in
the same community ? They would be separated
from each other by prejudices; there would be a
line of demarkation that could never be blotted
out. Did they not know that there would be a
constant conflict of races (the most deadly of all !; denunciation of his detestable course and senti-
conflicts) going on, and a struggle on the part of!
the negro for not only equal social and political 1
rights, but for supremacy; a conflict which, as
in all time heretofore, in all time hereafter, would
exist in communities composed of distinct races,
and which would end in civil war. Let them
look to the example of San Domingo, where a
deadly conflict was constantly going on between
the negroes and the mulattoes, although they were
by no means so distinct from each other as ne-
terms of the course of a member here which so
intimately aifected the dearest interests of himself
and his constituents. He represented a frontier
district, penetrated in every part of it by rivers
and harbors, into which the vessels from the non-
slaveholding States and the piratical schooners of
the abolition society could come. His constitu-
ents' interests were, therefore, at stake, and he
should ever be ready to expose and resist the un-
hallowed designs of men trying to destroy them;
and, in speaking of the character of the men them-
selves, he should not stop to measure his words.
He regretted the necessity of making any reference
to the member whatever; and, unless under the
strongest necessity of doing it, he should not
hereafter, as he had not heretofore.
In speaking of this subject, he recollected a cir-
cumstance to which his attention had been called
several years ago. His attention was called to
the number of advertisements of runaway negroes
in the National Intelligencer and Globe. The dates
of the departure of the negroes were generally
given. By comparing them, he found that the
negroes went off in gangs about large enough for
the load of a small schooner, at intervals of about
a month—as near as may be, the period for a ves-
sel to make.a trip, to Massachusetts, for instance,
and back. From this he was satisfied that these
runaways made their escape by the river, and that
there was an actual line of packets engaged in
taking them off. He wrote an article calling the
attention of the public to it at ths time, and he
mentioned it now for the same purpose. The
House might rely upon it, the case which had just
occurred was not an isolated one; indeed, he un-
derstood that the captain now in prison admitted
that this was the fourth trip he had made.
He had been told, as manifest as this evil was,
there was no way to prevent it; that the law of
this District provided no adequate punishment for
those who had instigated the negroes to run away,
and assisted them in attempting it. If there is not,
there ought to be. There is but one way to pre-
vent the occurrence of such acts; that is, by holding
out the terrors of such punishment to all persons
enrao-mg in it as to deter them from it, and by the
masteis making examples of the slaves who may
be retaken. With the negro he sincerely sympa-
thized; him he pitied; and his sore regret was, that
those who had brought upon him the misery he
would suffer, could not have it in his place.
He did not know that the laws as they now-
stood were insufficient; but he would inquire into
the matter, and if they were found to be so, he
should feel it his duty to ask leave to bring in a
bill to turned y their defects. If there was no law
to punish the publication of incendiary publica-
tions, he should bring m a bill to provide one.
And he should not be deterred by being told that
he would be interfering with the liberty of the
press. He did not propose to establish a censor-
ship of the press to prevent publications, but to
provide a law for the punishment of an editor who
should commit an offence against society, precisely
as every other citizen was punished in a similar
case, which offence would be judged of by the
community, through its law, administered by its
judges and jurors. It is no more a violation of the
liberty of the press, to provide by law for the pun-
ishment of an editor who makes publications which
endanger my life and property, than it is the vio-
lation of the liberty of the citizen to provide for
his punishment, who does the same thing in a dif-
ferent way.
But he did not know that the laws were insuffi-
cient, The idea very prevalent that they are so,
is the only thing which has stimulated any one to
attempt acts of violence. If they shall be found
to be efficient, or if they are not so now, and Con-
gress should m good faith make them so, he would
be responsible that no mob would ever be seen
here. But, on the other hand, if it should be found
that the laws are not effectual to protect the com-
munity in the enjoyment of its rights, and the
Mr, BAYLY. He was one of those men who :j legislative power should refuse to make them so,
served? The inevitable result would be a bloody
strife; for after they were emancipated, they would
claim equal privileges, and civil war with all its
horrors,would ensue. He therefore affirmed that
the pretence that these people were not looking to
insurrection and to the cutting of the throat of every
white man, woman, and child, was false. The
Abolitionists in their own reports avow it. But
if they had not avowed it, they could not escape
from the charge that such is their purpose in any
other manner than by stultifying themselves; for
it was the natural and inevitable consequence of
their conduct. Well, and who would they benefit
by it? If that conflict should arise, what would
become of the black man? Did they not know
that the greater intelligence and the greater enter-
prise of the white man must conquer? It might
deluge the South in blood for years perhaps, but I
it would end in the extermination of the black 1
man. And this was to be done at the instigation
of a treacherous foreign nation, that they might
subvert our commercial and agricultural prosperity.
It was to be done, too, tinder the pretence of friend-
ship for the black rfian, but which would be seen i
to be cruel and inhuman treachery. It could only |
end in his entire extermination. _ |
There were some remarks which fell from the j
member from Ohio [Mr. Ghidings] on a preceding ;
day, to which his attention had been called by a ;
gentleman near him, of a most murderous and in- |
cendiary character, proving that he looked to em an-
cipation by force. In arguing against the extension
of slave territory, he said he wished to keep the
negroes with their masters, holding their knives as
near their throats as possible. To such remarks
he (Mr. B.) did not mean to reply. He addressed
himself to the sober serious reason of the North,
and he wished not to excite their passions. He
wished to show them that this abolition excitement
had an origin hostile to them as well as the South,
and that nothing but mischief, unqualified mischief j
to the whole country, would result from it.
Mr.^GlDDlNGS rose and inquired if the gen-
tleman from Virginia alluded to him when he said
the gentleman from Ohio wished to keep the negroes
and their masters together, that the negroes might
have their knives as near their master's throats as
possible ?
Mr. BAYLY replied that he did allude to the
member from Ohio, for such he understood to be
the character of that member's remarks.
Mr. GIDDINGS replied that the gentleman had
entirely misunderstood him.
Mr. BAYLY said other gentlemen understood
him as he did.
Mr. GIDDINGS said he cared not who made
the assertion; he had used no such language. He'
well knew what he had said.
Mr. BAYLY said a gentleman sitting near him
understood the language as he did; but, whether !
the member from Ohio used those precise expres- S
sions or not, of this he (Mr. B.) was certain, and j
he would stake his assertion on the decision of the I
House, that he had over and over again used «x- i
pressions of similar import. j
Mr. GIDDINGS. Of what import? j
Mr. BAYLY. The member from Oiiio had used j
language in his speeches the inevitable tendency of j
which was, if it were not his design, to lead to in- j
surrection.
The SPEAKER called the gentleman to order, i
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wish the gentleman might j
be permitted to proceed. I like to hear him. i
Mr. BAYLY had no doubt of it. The member !
is fond of the notoriety which the denunciations ;
of him here give him. He hopes to recommend
himself to his constituents by assuming to be the
special object of attack by southern Representa-
tives, and thereby strengthen the tenure by which
he holds his seat here with its eight dollars a day.
And hence he is eternally trying to provoke us into
ments.
Mr. GIDDINGS.
The gentleman is mistaken.
was willing to obtain profits by provoking abuse
of themselves; to make a traffic of his character
and feelings.
The SPEAKER again interposed, and called the 1
gentleman to order.
Mr. BAYLY said if he was out of order, it was \
the remarks of the member from Ohio which had
groes and whites. If the South would consent j provoked him to it. For personal abuse he had
to emancipation, how long would peace be pre- || no taste, but he chose to speak in appropriate
then the community would be remitted to its natu-
ral right of self-preservation—a law above all other
laws, and as applicable to communities as to indi-
viduals. Under such circumstances, thp men who
did not resort to it, to use the language of the gen-
tleman from Georgia, would be slaves who deserv-
ed the manacles now worn by the felons in your
jail.
Mr. ROOT, having first caused the resolution
