664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
months aw; it has been making progress towards
us ever since, and it has not got to us yet. But
the mob spirit broke out at Paris but the other Gay,
and has not on!y got here already, but it is doing
business all over the continent of Europe; so that
I believe there remain now but two thrones for it
to work at; and it is far from impossible that a gen-
tleman in a blouse is now sitting on the throne of
the Autocrat of all the Russias. Your institution,
I say, relies on the Constitution for its security;
it will never be preserved by mobs.
I hate mobs for another reason. I do not know
that this debate is, on the whole, to be regretted.
It has afforded a very beautiful opportunity to
show how devoted gentlemen here are to their con-
stituents. Now, I like that. I want it, at times,
myself. [A laugh.] And I am glad that my col-
league here [Mr. Giddings] is so willing to be a
target for gentlemen to practise on. I am always
glad to hear such fine displays. But I would ven-
ture to suggest to gentlemen, in the ardor of their
patriotism, to spare it, if they can, with a little
discretion. I do not complain about epithets; not
at all. I have some time ago made up my mind
to put up with anything. [A laugh.] They may
call me old Federalist, (and that is the worst thing
they can call me,) fanatic, hypocrite, if it will do
them any good at home. I am willing to take it
all. I know they speak it " only in a Pickwickian
sense." [Loud merriment.]
But I think they had better discriminate a little
when they find a northern man who defends the
rights of the South. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Venabt.f.] thanked his God, I think,
that there were some northern men that were found
standing by the South under all the vituperation
heaped upon them. Wow, I think that gentleman
is ready to thank God for very small blessings;
but I believe I will say no more about that, for I
do not see the gentleman in his seat. Oh, yes;
there he i3! He looks sincere, as if he did really
thank God for it; and, if he does, then I say again
he must esteem it his duty to be thankful to Heaven
for the very smallest favors. [Laughter.]
But when we get beyond the Pickwickian class,
if we are the subject even of a vogue suspicion
that we have been inveigling slaves, we are to be
denounced. And if we dare to say that slavery
is a moral evil, then we are abolitionists. Now,
I do own that we have some of the prejudices we
imbibed at the North in our Sunday schools, and
from our mothers, and we are so prejudiced as to
look on it as a curse; but then it is a curse we have
nothing to do with, and do not want to. But that
is not enough. If we do not say it is a great bless-
ing, we are abolitionists. Now, I ask gentlemen,
is that cunning ? Is it wise ? Is that a good course
for you to pursue ? For one, I do not care about
it. If any gentleman chooses to call me a fanatic,
or an abolitionist, he is perfectly welcome. But I
suggest to gentlemen the question, whether that is
exactly politic, and whether it is a course likely to
promote the peace of the country? Is it a wise
course to hunt up the proceedings of some ultra-
abolition society, to read some of the strongest
passages, and then to charge the whole on the peo-
ple of the North,and then to accuse them to a man
of being the agents of the British Government?
But, if it were so, why may not we sympathize
with Britajn in her system of abolition, as with
France in hers? Must only Monsieur Lamartine
go ahead in that business ' Do you find anything
in all the doings of the World's Convention, that
comes up to French abolition? They gave you
pure Hayti abolition. You sympathize with this,
but it is terrible to sympathize with Great Britain.
I do not care what you say against her, for I know
perfectly that you will never get into a war with
Great Britain. [Laughter.] You may quarrel
with her as you please, it don't alarm me. I know,
and you know, it all ends in smoke. There is
something about John Bull that makes him a most
undesirable customer, and you never will deal with
him in the way of fighting so long as there is a sin-
gle inch of Mexico left. [Laughter.] It is said that
John wants to bring abolitionists in here. What
for? To get up an excitement. Why, what a
great fool he must be. Does not he know that
southern gentlemen will do that of themselves?
Their tender affection for their constituents will
get up a low here at any time You a'l know cases
enough of this; you all know that we can have an
excitement here whenever we like. No, not ex-
citement, I mean sympathy; yes, a sympathy,
that's the new word; " excitement" is too old-
fashioned; the word now is a " sympathy for con-
solidated liberty." [Immense laughter.]
But I am almost done. 1 mean to yield the floor
soon to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Palfrey,] who may be getting his paper out so as
to be ready.
I have said all that I desire. I am anxious that
somehow this resolution and amendment should
be sent to a committee, so that full justice may be
done both to the accused ftnd the accuser. Sup-
pose it should all end in smoke, (as some gentle-
men say it will,) so much the better. Who wants
the rumor to be true? I hope that a committee
will get the paper, and in two hours will be able
to report to us that there has been no such thing.
Well, (said Mr. R.,) I have succeeded in what
I aimed at. I have in some way, I scarce know
how, got the House into a good humor. [A voice:
" Move the previous question."] No; when two
hundred and forty gentlemen have been so kind to
me as these gentlemen always are, I will not move
the previous question.
Mr. PALFREY here began to address the Chair.
Mr. ROOT. Stay, stay; I have not done yet.
But, as I see you are all ready and very anxious
to speak, I will here yield you the floor " for a
personal explanation" only; remember, "fora per-
sonal explanation."
Mr. PALFREY said he believed he was not
under very much obligation to the gentleman from
Ohio for the use of the floor, as that gentleman had
anticipated him in almost all he had intended to
say. Mr. P. had perceived it to be desirable that
the House should have before it something to show
that such reports as the resolution referred to were
in circulation. Now, his friend had said that he
personally knew the fact that such rumors were
afloat here. Still, if the House desired it, he would
proceed and read the paper he had in his hand.
[Voices:" Read, read!"] Yesterday, when doubts
had been expressed as to that fact, Mr. P. had
been about to move an amendment to the resolu-
tion, but had been prevented from doing so by the
amendment of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Haralson.] His amendment would have been in-
troduced by way of preamble, with the following
statement made in writing by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Giddings:]
" Strike out all after the word < whereas,* and insert1 the
following statement has been made, viz :
" I, J. r. Giddtxgs, a member of the House of Represent-
atives, state that during yesterday I heard from various re-
fcpectabfe persons that in the mob of Tuesday night my name
was mentioned, and my peison threatened by individuals
assembled; that my lodgings were inquired for," and advised
that I should he lynched by those engaged in the mob.
" That friends who heard this, represented that I should
be in danger if found by those engaged, and £ was advised to
arm myself to protect my person.
" That during the forenoon of yesterday I visited the jail
of this District. I was not acquainted with the keeper; and
when 1 arrived, I announced to him my name, and that I
was a member of this body. That I further said to him that
I wished to see the peisons confined thereon a charge of car-
rj ing away slaves from this District. I told him that I wish-
ed to f-ay to them that they should have the benefit ot coun-
sel and a legal trial, and their rights should b« protected, and
desired him to be present. He went with me to the pass-age
that leads to the cells.
" While conversing with these men in the presence of the
keeper, a mob came to the iron g.ite at the head of the stair-
way, and demanded that 1 should leave fouhwith. 'j he
keeper informed them that lie would not open the gate until
they left. I was the n told that my life was in danger, unless
I left the building immediately. This I refused to do The
keeper assured them that he would not open the door until
they rcttied. I was further informed that the mob had com-
pelled the guard at the lower gate to deliver up the key to
them ; and in this way they had opened that gate, and by
that means obtained access to the passage at the head of the
stairs.
<£ After the mob had left the stairs, and entered the lower
parage, the keeper and myself, and the Hon. E. 8. Hamlin,
who had visited the jad as attorney for the pri>oners, with
me,came down to the lower gate, in front of which the mob
was ashembled. He opened the gate, and I walked out.
ri^hi«! morning I have been informed by a gentleman who is
a stranger to me, but who says he was present and heard the
proposition made by individuals to lay violent hands upon
me as I came out of the prison, one of whom, he informed
me, was a Mr. Slatter,afclave dealer from Baltimore, whom
he states to have been activc m instigating the others to acts
of violence.
*k1his day I have been informed by various individuals
that during the mob oflast night my lodgings were inquired
for, and my person threatened with violence and lynchui".
" I further state that ( have no doubt of the accuracy of
the statements to which I have referred,
" Resolved, That a committee of five members be appoint-
ed to investigate and report to thi«s Hou<e respecting the-
points alluded to in the above statement; and that said "com-
mittee be authorized to send for persons and papers, and to
sit during the <f-ssions of tho House."
Mr. P. also read an anonymous letter received
by Mr. G., advising him " to take his carcass out
of the District;" that "his time was short," &c.
He said it had a P. S. which he would not read.
Mr. ROOT resumed the floor. There was one
other woid he wished to say; it was on the intima-
tion, he would not say the menace, of the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] about the bill
he meant to introduce into the House. If that gen-
tleman thought that such a bill ought to be brought
in, he had done right to apprize the House, of it.
Feeling it to be his duty to do so, Mr. R. admired
his independence and his scorn of ail that could
and would be said against it. But he could not
but regret that any American statesman here, at
this day, in this year of grace 1848, should think
that such a measure was likely to do any good.
What! Restrain the freedom of the press! At
this time of day, in this nineteenth century, shackle
the press ! Why, what were the blouses about in
France but breaking off just such fetters as the
gentleman would try to put on it?
They had disposed, in a summary way, of just
such modes of restricting the freedom of the press
as the gentleman was for proposing. It Was those
very restrictions which had contributed more to pro-
duce the recent revolution in France than any other
thing. And were we to resort to a policy which
Europe had rejected? He would assure that gen-
tleman, if he adopted the course he had indicated,
(which no doubt he would,) he would incur more
popular odium than by any other thing he could
do. If he should succeed, it would be assuming a
responsibility for the South which they and theirs
would regret the longest day they lived. It was
too late in the day to talk to Americans about a
censorship of the press.
Mr. BAYLY reminded Mr. R. that he had not
proposed a censorship of the press, but had ex-
pressly disclaimed such an idea. Did the gentle-
man consider the press under a censorship now,
because an editor was responsible to a jury for
what he had published ?
Mr. ROOT said he did not mean that the gentle-
man had proposed all the machinery of a regular
censorship of the press, but that was the amount
and would be the effect of his bill. The press was
already sufficiently responsible. If it indulged in
slander, it did it in defiance of law. Mr. R. was
aware of the difficulty of convicting and punishing
such offences; but he did say, that to attempt to
impose any other restrictions on the press would
rouse all minds against the gentleman and his
proposition, and, if it should succeed, it would
recoil on him and his friends with a force they,
would be little able to endure.
Mr. WICK here got the floor,-and, after a re-
mark or two, moved an adjournment; and after
several motions and some conversation, the motion
was amended so as to adjourn to Monday.
And then the House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Jlpril 24, 1848.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from "the executive committee of a
general meeting of the citizens of Washington,"
inviting the Speaker and members of the House
of Representatives to participate in the celebration
of the recent French Revolution, and of the other
republican movements in Europe, by the citizens
of Washington this day.
Mr. COCKE asked leave to submit the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, Tliat the daily hour to which thpj House -hall
stand adjourned shall be eleven o'clock, until otherwise
ordered.
Objection being made-
Mr. COOKE moved to suspend the rules, to
enable him to offer the resolution; on which mo-
tion the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JAMESON moved that the House adjourn.
Lost.
The question was then put on the motion to
suspend the rules, and decided as follows: yeas 99,
nays 69.
Two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. BOYD moved to suspend the rules for the
purpose of taking up and referring to appropriate
committees the various Senate bills lying on the
Speaker's table, one of which is the ten-regiment
bill.
