670
the congressional globe.
April 25,
re-ret, and there will end their movement,
erally, but not always.
_ gen-
UUi - , <-*n other han£l) fche
"one'idea" puts into requisition all its powers to
sustain its representative. From this account ot
the matter, you will perceive how it is that the
number of the representatives of the " one idea,
nominally belonging to other parties, fluctuates as
it does. I have said that not more than thirty or
forty of the Democrats (so called) of my district
are of the " one-idea" school. Many of them are
known only to myself. Each one of them I know
for my sworn enemy, politically. They have been,
are, and will continue to be, active, energetic, and
ubiquitous.
In this state of circumstances, the Democrats of
the South will see the propriety of living " by
faith," and not " by sight." Things are not al-
ways as they appear. In the middle and western
Democratic States, public opinion is, in the main,
sound on the subject I am speaking of. State legis-
lation, offensive 'to the rights and feelings of the
slaveholder, instead of being an index of public
opinion, is generally the result of the activity, en-
ergy, and ubiquity of the men of" one idea," and
of the apathy and inattention of others. At all
events, I respectfully suggest to southern men the
propriety of not permitting the presentation of a
few petitions, the offering of a resolution, or the
speech of a man they call *'fanatic," to throw
them into fits.
Mr. Speaker, I <33ubt not it will be said that I
have made a very imprudent speech. I answer,
that when 1 took up my pen to write this speech,
I took leave of prudence. Itis " a rascally virtue,"
as ordinarily exercised and exerted. I have called
to my aid a higher virtue. I have written and
spoken under the inspiration of truth.
Mr. GIDDINGS next obtained the floor. He
said, that whatever remarks he might make on
this occasion, it was no part of his intention to
reply to what had been said by the gentleman who
had just taken his seat. Before lie commenced
any regular series of remarks, he wished to take
occasion to say further, that he had supposed that,
after a ten yejjrs' service in this Hall; after so many
times expressing the sentiments which he had so
long held, and which he thought were so well un-
derstood by the members of this House, he could
not have,been made to believe that gentlemen,
• either from the North or the South, could have so
misapprehended his sentiments until he had heard
such impressions avowed by them. He wished
the attention of the House and the country while
he declared that no man in this Hall or elsewhere
could lay his hand upon a remark, resolution, or
speech of his, in which he had ever claimed the
privilege of interfering with slavery in the States
of this Union. For two days, something like a
dozen gentlemen from the South had imputed to
him intentions to interfere with their institutions.
Now, if any gentleman in this Hall could lay his
hand upon a resolution, speech, declaration, or
effort ot' his to interfere with 'the institution of
slavery in the States, let him stand up in this
House in the presence of the nation and avow it.
He would yield to the gentleman. [He here
paused for a moment, and, no gentleman rising,
he proceeded.] Was there anyone here (he asked)
who would take upon himself the responsibility
of declaring that such an intimation had ever fallen
from his (Mr. G.'s) lips? If none, where were
the gentlemen who for days had been imputing to
him such motives? Where did they stand before
the people of this country? It was a duty which
he owed to himself, to the people whom he repre-
sented, again to disavow all such feelings, inten-
tions, purposes, motives, or designs. He was
once expelled from this Hall, or rather, censured
here, for declaring this very identical doctrine,
that Congress had not the power to interfere with
tlrnt institution. He now took occasion to say,
that the people of the slave States of this Union
held that institution supreme, uncontrolled under
the Constitution of the United States, beyond the
power of' this Government to interfere with it for
any purpose, or to any extent, with one exception,
and that'was, their power of legislation in regard to
fugitive slaves. The people of the free Stales had
the indisputable right to remain free from its con-
tamination, unstained with its guilt, exempt en-
tirely from its support, and disconnected with all its
turpitude. He said that they had no claim on the
people of the free States to extend that institution
or to associate with new slaveholding States; that
they had no right to ask the free people of the
North to associate themselves with slaveholders
Mexico, who, owning one hundred slaves,
would wield an influence on this floor equal to
sixty freemen. Therefore, it was one of his car-
dinal principles, and one of those whom he repre-
sented, not to associate with any new slaveholding
States or slaveholding territory. These were their
sentiments: Keep your slavery where it is, and
manage it according to your own judgment and
.discretion. "With it we never had constitution-
ally, and never will have, anything to do.
* Mr. MEADE (the floor being yielded) desired
to ask the gentleman what was his object in so fre-
quently introducing the subject into this Hall, if it
were not to operate on southern institutions?
Mr. GIDDlNGSsaid he had invited gentlemen,
if they had ever heard a word from him affirming
the power of Congress to interfere with the institu-
tion of slavery in the States, to say so. Did the
gentleman from Virginia pretend ever to have heard
from his lips such a proposition? No; no gentle-
man had ever heard it; no gentleman could be
found to rise and declare that he had.
Mr. MEADE (in his seat) called upon the gen-
tleman to answer his question.
Mr. GIDDINGS replied he would do it; but he
did not like to have the gentleman consume his
time by putting questions wholly irrelevant to the
subjects he was discussing.
in prayer§ and the sacred pulpit; by the fireside
and by the wayside; and he said to gentlemen,
it was too late in the day to attempt to suppress
the discussion of this question. It would be dis-
cussed. Yet he must say he had not been desir-
ous, nor in any way instrumental in introducing
this subject into discussion at this time. He deem-
ed it inappropriate. The resolution of his friend
from Massachusetts did not allude to the institu-
tion of slavery in any way, either directly or indi-
rectly. This resolution proposed an investigation
to ascertain a simple matter of fact. In its pream-
ble it recited that reports had reached the ears of
members of this body that a lawless mob had
existed in this city for two nights previous to the
introduction of the resolution, setting at defiance
the constituted authorities and the laws of the
United States; and the proposition was, to inquire
whether such was the fact. It also stated that cer-
tain members of this body had been menaced by
this lawless mob, and it proposed an inquiry into
this fact. As gentlemen had imputed to him (Mr.
G.) that he was the individual menaced, it was
proper for him to say that he had had no hand
in introducing the resolution; the gentleman had
done it on the motion of his own will and not his,
(Mr. G. 's.) Gentlemen had represented him as not
only introducing this resolution, but as insisting on
the protection of this body. They had represent-
ed the gentleman from Massachusetts as asking
the protection of this House. There was nothing
in this resolution regarding protection. It only
proposed to ascertain the fact whether members of
Congress had been menaced by a lawless mob in
the city of Washington. It was to let the people
of the States throughout this Union know whether
their Representatives, sent here for the discharge
of their public duties, while confining themselves
to this district, had been menaced by lawless vio-
lence. Did any man suppose that he (Mr. G.)
asked the protection of this body? If he ever had
occasion under heaven to ask protection from any
human being-, it was from this body, not of it. If
he had ever seen a lawless mob, it was on Tuesday
last at the jail and in this House. He had heard
members here, while the galleries were filled, and
while many composing the mob were said to be in
The gentleman asked him what were his mo-
tives in discussing this subject? To wash his
hands, and those of-the people of the North, from
the stain of supporting this institution in this Dis-
trict. Did the gentleman suppose that, because he
would not interfere with the slavery of the South,
he was to stand here with his lips hermetically
sealed from expressing his sentiments upon the
outrages and wrongs perpetrated in upholding this
institution in this District? No; he would unseal
them, he would give expression to his deep ab-
horrence. Would gentlemen say that he was not
to speak upon slavery here because they had slaves
at the South? Take care of your own slaves, (said
he;) we will look to those under our protection.
He was remarking that he stood here as a legis-
lator under the Constitution. His duties were r    , 0 ....
plain, so plain that the wayfaring man, though a !, them, declare themselves ready tojustity tne mob
fool, could not mistake them. They were to let || to the fullest extent. He had no disposition to
the slavery of the southern States alone. It had |j look for protection to a body from which he had
ever been the duty of the National Legislature to r received as many indignities as he had from mem-
let it be; and when they established it in this Dis- j, bers of Congress? Was be, at this late day, to
trict, they violated their duty to God and to their jj come here to ask for protection ? No. It was no
fellow-men; they had violated the duties which ! part of his object. No, said he, let the^House
they owed to themselves, their constituents, and
the human race. Now, repeal those laws which
involved them in the turpitude of maintaining this
institution, and then they would have done with
it; and he, for one, woulu never mention it here
or elsewhere as a member of this body. This re-
sult they intended to bring about; and he took
occasion to say to gentlemen, You shall not bring
us to share with you in the guilt and the turpitude
of this traffic in human flesh now carried on here
under our protection. It was the voice of the peo-
ple of the free States that they would not remain jj humanity
protect its own honor; protect their own dignity;
and he would take care of the protection of his
person in his own way.
He therefore said that this inquiry was plain and
simple in itself. Its object was to carry informa-
tion to the people of this Union. To inform them
of the feeling that existed in this slaveholding com-
munity. To expose the spirit of violence and
anarchy which was exhibited here against those
who dared to speak the sentiments which they
entertained in favor of liberty, and the rights of
thus contaminated with the guilt of that institution;
and he said to gentlemen that they would have
this; they would not vote for their Presidents or
any other officers who undertook to hold them
partakers in that guilt and iniquity. The separa-
tion of this Government from all interference with
slavery was the motto which they had placed on
their banner. It was freedom; the rights of man,
uncontaminated with this foul blut on the Ameri-
can escutcheon.
It was no part of his intention to reply to the as-
saults made upon him a few days since, when this
matter was under consideration. He had to do
with more important matters than defending him-
self. These personal reflections were unbecoming
the solemn occasion on which they were now dis-
cussing the rights of humanity. He had taken
occasion, for the hundredth time, to define his posi-
tion; and when gentlemen imputed to him senti-
ments which they knew he did not entertain, he
told them to beware lest their misrepresentations
should be exposed. Gentlemen of the South had
introduced the discussion of this subject here. It
was a question which was discussed in all our legis-
lative bodies throughout the United States; which
«was discussed in our political conventions, by our
newspaper press, and by our literary periodicals;
m our school districts and township meetings;
He wanted his constituents, the people of his
State, and the free States, to understand what vio-
lence and lawless mobs arose from the slavehold-
ing and slavedealing influence in this District. This
was what he wished them to understand. He
cared not whether the House passed this resolution
or not. It was well known to the members of this
House, that for forty-eight hours prior to the in-
troduction of this resolution, a lawless mob did
control this city; that men (if report was true, and
there was no reason to doubt it) m office, clerks
in the employment of the United States, attended
and led on that mob; that men in ofiiual stations
were there stimulating that mob to violence; that
the mob consisted the first night of hundreds, and
the next night of thousands; and during this time,
here, where the arms, munitions, and the whole
power of protection, was committed to the Execu-
tive officers of the Government, not a movement
was made to suppress it, so fai as they were con-
cerned. The object of this mob unquestionably
was to prostrate one of the presses of this city.
There was no doubt about that. And not only
this, but who were those who led it on ? Not the
respectable citizens of the city of Washington; so
far as he knew their deportment, they were to be
excepted from any charge of participating in the
disgrace. They were your slavedealers from Bal-
