1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
671
timore, Alexandria, Richmond, and the surround-
ing country; it was the slavedealers and slave-
breeders; the men who raise mankind for market,
whose living and support was by raising and pelt-
ing theirfellow-men. Itwasthatclassof characters
who came into this city to threaten its government.
and community, disturb its peace, and overthrow
the press, to which he had alluded. These men,
associating together in this way, were the leaders
and exciters of this mob.
Now, another thing known to every man here,
and one which had been referred to this morning,
was, that the mob, when it assembled on the first
night, did. avow the intention of prostrating that
press and that office, and, with this publicly avow-
ed purpose, adjourned until the next night, for the
purpose of bringing in more of these despicable
characters from abroad, to enable them to effect
their object. This was all known by report, and
was proposed to be inquired into.
So far as report charged that a member or mem-
bers of this House had been menaced, was also to
be inquired into. v He cared nothing about it. He
would state, as his name had been connected with
it, that, on Tuesday of last week, being a member
of this body, and feeling some little interest in the
■way their laws over the District were to be carried
into execution, he had visited one of the public in-
stitutions of our country,- a prison in this city,
erected by this Government, and where, if his per-
son was protected in this building, it was there, as
much as it was in the Treasury Department, or
any other of the departments at the seat of Gov-
ernment. He had gone there under the conscious-
ness of protection, as much as if he had been in
front of the Speaker's desk, because it was a pub-
lic building, erected by the funds of his own con-
stituents, as well as of the people of all the free
States, together with those of the slave States. He
had gone there for the purpose declared here on a
former occasion. He had then said all he wished
to on this point. There were your slavedealers
and slavebreeders gathered together in the entrance
of the jail, to menace and threaten him. Did he
ask protection from this House? No; when he
felt in danger, he would let them know it. But
what he held in unutterable contempt was, that a
member of this body, in visiting one of the public
institutions erected by this Government, should be
threatened by a miserable mass of moral putridity,
called slaveholders and slavebreeders. Had it
come to this", that the members of this House could
riot go in and out of the public institutions in this
District without meeting that class of men and
being threatened by them?
He knew not who these men were, but from
reports which he had received from various quar-
ters, he understood they weie that class of men.
Now, the resolution of the gentleman fiom Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Palfrey] proposed an inquiry into
those facts.
But again: Who was it that stimulated that
mob? It was members in this Hall. While their
galleries were filled with slave-dealers—men who
drove whole families.to the market, and bartered
men, women, and children, for gold—honorable
members stood up here in this House and declared
that they justified the mob to the fullest extent.
And did he (Mr. G.) ask for protection from such
men? Such a declaration had been made, and
repeated, and reiterated here. This was not the
place to which he should go for protection. Yes,
members of this House of Representatives stood
in their places and proclaimed, not only to this
country, but to the whole civilized world, that in
their capacity of legislators they stood by and sus-
tained those wretches in their lawless violence.
And it was with humility and deep abasement that
he acknowledged that, these declarations came
principally from members of the political party to
which he himself belonged. He also felt com-
pelled to acknowledge, that while this was going on
here, the President of the United States, to whose
party he (Mr. G.) did not belong, was said to have
been making efforts to put down the mob. It was
clue to the President that he should state this fact.
The people should know it. No man there would
accuse him of being a friend to the President; but
he honored him nevertheless for his efforts to sup-
press these riotous proceedings, and for his exer-
tions to stop those disgraceful outrages which
were about to disgrace the whole Union. He took
pleasure in vindicating the President for that act.
When the pending resolution was brought for-
ward, it was immediately seized upon by gentle-
men from the South, and made the subject of aa
exciting discussion. It was gentlemen from the
southern States who did this, and it was. those
gentlemen who insisted upon going back into an
inquiry respecting all the .facts and circumstances
which had given rise to the mob. And what were
the facts? Why, that from seventy to eighty
men, women, and children—persons who had as
good a natural right to liberty as any gentleman
'here, who were entitled to the rights which their
Creator had given them—feeling the galling chains
of slavery chafing and festering in their flesh,
themselves bowed down in bondage, and shut out
from the social and intellectual enjoyments of life,
sought the blessings of liberty; and it was said
that they were assisted by three or four white men
from the free States. But in the attempt to escape
from the custody of those who held them in bond-
age, they were arrested, and placed in a prison
erected with the-money of this nation; and this
was done under the authority of the laws of thi3
District, enacted by Congress, and sustained by
.members on this floor. In that prison they were
kept two or three days, and on Friday last, this
very man Slatter, of Baltimore, who had headed the
mob at the prison on Tuesday, purchased some
forty or fifty of those fathers, brothers, and sons,
mothers, daughters, and sisters, and marched them
to the depot, where their friends had collected to
take their final leave ere they proceeded to the
South to drag out a miserable existence in the rice
fields and cotton plantations of that region. There
a scene was presented which he thought not even a
slaveholder could have looked upon without some
sympathy for those victims of slaveholding cupid-
ity. Sighs, and gioans, and tears, and unutterable
anguish, characterized a transaction which would
have disgraced the slave-market of Constantinople.
It was a scene which could not have failed to excite
every sympathy of our nature for suffering hu-
manity. And by whose authority were they thus
sold, and doomed to hopeless suffering at the hands
of worse than Mahometan masters ? Here, if he
could, he would make an appeal to this House; he
would appeal even to the gentleman who had just
addressed the House; and he would ask that gen-
tleman if he could lay his hand on his heart, and
in the presence of his God, declare that he had
dealt out to those people who were his fellow-men
that justice which he had expected at the hands of
his fellow-man ? Had he shown them that mercy
which he hoped to receive from his God? He
would ask that gentleman if he could thus con-
scientiously lend his voice and his official influence
to the dealers in human flesh > Would he lend his
vote to encourage these hucksters in our com-
mon humanity? It was a humiliating reflection
that our laws caused these men, and women, and
cluldien, and tender babes, to be thus sold and sent
to the ceaseless toil and cruel tortures of our slave-
consuming States, there to wear out a life of
wretchedness and misery.
If the gentleman who had just addressed the
House could approve and sanction such cruelty,
and torture, and barbarous murder, he (Mr. G.)
could not do it. He would not do it. It was un-
becoming a Christian nation. It was a disgrace to
the age in which we live. What a spectacle do
we present to the civilized world ! Yesterday, the
members of this House gathered together, with the
citizens of this District, to rejoice, and shout, and
sing, in honor of France for freeing herself from
her bonds of oppression, and driving her King
from her shores, thereby relieving herself from
oppression, and giving liberty to her slaves. While
we were thus before the world, expressing our
sympathy with France, we were here in this Dis-
trict maintaining a slave market moie shocking to
the feelings of humanity than any to be found with-
in the jurisdiction of the Grand Sultan.
It had been urged by gentlemen on this floor
tin* h|, and others who acted with him, had en-
gaged in this House in discussions of the subject
ofslavgry within the States. With one exception,
that accusation was not true. Some four years
ago, he admitted, he had been induced to go into
that subject, by the remarks of a distinguished
southern gentleman, a member of the Executive
Cabinet, [Mr. Calhoun,] who, in his official cor-
respondence, had argued that slavery was a Chris-
tian and humane institution. On that, and on no
other occasjon, had he permitted himself to be
drawn into a discussion of the effects of slavery in
the States. He thought he would not again be
dragged into it; but he would discuss the subject
of slavery in the District of Columbia and in
Territories of these United States, at all times;
when southern men forced it upon him.
He would now direct bis attention to the re-
marks of some gentlemen who had preceded him,
and would briefly notice some of the doctrines
which had been advanced in the course of this
discussion. The gentleman to whom he wished
first to direct his attention not being in his seat, he
would turn to the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Haskell,] to an extract from whose speech he
would call the attention of the House. That gen-
tlernan, in the course of his remarks on Wednes-
day last, was reported to have said;
"Now, a stiange state of things was presented here.
Members of this body, as be believed and felt ready to
charge, had been engaged, by the course of conduct Ihoy
pursued on this floor and out ot this Hall, in the deliberate
attempt to scatter the seeds of insurrection and insubordina-
tion, if not rebellion, among the slaves of this District. Men
on this floor, under the garb of philanthropy and love of hu-
man liberty, had been endeavoring to perpetrate felonies fur
which they ought to swing as high as Haman. He spoke
the plain truth. He was willing to have his words meas-
ured, and he held himself responsible for the language he
used. An attempt had been made on this floor to abolish
slavery in the district of Columbia in the form of law, if
they could, and 111 violation of the Constitution; and, baf-
fled and foiled in that, these moek-philanthiopists were now,
as he believed before God, attempting to abolish slavery in
■this restrict by inciting the negroes to leave their masters.
" The Speaker here inteiposed, and reminded the gen-
tleman that the question before the House was upon the
appeal.
u Mr. Haskell (continuing) charged that the conduct of
these men, their language on this floor and out of this House,
had been such as to produce this state of things—a disposi-
tion lo insurrection and rebellion among the slaves of this
District. He held in his hand a resolution which he intend-
ed to move, and which he should move, by way of amend-
ment, when this House entertained the resolution of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, having for its object an in-
quiry into the conduct of these member^ and if they were
(bund guilty, their expulsion from tlus body, as unworthy to
hold seats on this floor."
Mr. G. said, before he proceeded to comment on
this extract, he would correct an error into which
a gentleman opposite [Mr. Stanton] had fallen.
That gentleman said tnat he (Mr. G.) denied all
connection with the transaction in reference to
these slaves. The remarks which he had made
.were, that he knew, nor had heard, nothing of the
persons engaged in carrying these slaves away.
He had not denied having enticed away the slaves
himself. He had said nothing on that subject.
When such a charge should come from a respect-
able source, he would consider the propriety of
answering it. He did not feel called on at this
time to admit or deny it.
He would now return to the gentleman whose
remarks had announced his intention to expel him
(Mr. G.) from this House; and he would say to
that gentleman thrit it was rather too late to atiempt
to seal his lips and the Hps of northern members to
prevent the discussion of constitutional questions
in this House. He gave notice to that gentleman,
and to all oth,ers, that, as he had the right to do it,
he should say what he thought. He intended to
call things by their right names, and, so far as able,
would make himself understood by this House;
and, when this Hall again ceased to be a place of
free discussion, his' constituents would be repre-
sented by some other gentleman, or they would
cease to be represented here. The slave power
had once reigned triumphant here. Not so at this
time; we had regained the freedom of debate, and
it would never again be surrendered. Gentlemen,
in making such threats, appeared to forget that they
were not now on their plantations, exercising their
petty tyranny over slaves, who, in their degradation,
crouched and trembled at their master's bidding.
Or did those gentlemen suppose that they could
bring the practices of their plantations into these
Halls? Those gentlemen should know that this
was not the place for that kind of demeanor. This
was no place for the display of supercilious dicta-
tion. It belonged not to the dignity of legislation.
The American Congress was no place for the mani-
festation of those traits which characterize the
overseer of the South. It would not be tolerated
amongst men who knew their rights and possessed
the spirit to maintain them. Such language ought
never to be used amongst men who felt the dignity
of their office. "Was he to stand there and not to
speak what he thought? Why, such an idea was
unworthy of a deliberative body in this land of free-
dom, and was more becoming of the tyrannies of
Europe or of Turkey. He would tell those gentle-
