672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25.
men, when he ceased to have the right to speak
freely in this House, he would take his departure
from it. His constituents sent him here to represent
them, to express th'eir wishes, and he should do it
freely, without restraint, or not at all, notwith-
standing the spasmodic eloquence of the gentleman
who wished to have him expelled for exercising
the right to express his thoughts. Yes, the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Haskell] wished to
liave him expelled for words spoken on this floor!
Did not that gentleman know that such an attempt
had once before been made ? And had he not seen
the consequence ? Was he now to be told that he
must ask southern gentlemen for permission to
speak, and were they to be the judges of what he
should say, and when he should say it? Never,
so long as his fellow-men were held in bondage in
this District would he submit to any restraint on
the freedom of debate. Nor so long as he con-
tinued to hold a seat here would he relax an iota
of truth to please the slave power. He would not
disguise the truth even if its utterance should be
the means of striking off the shackles of every
slave in the Union. He had no fears of its affect-
ing slave property here. He would not hesitate
from this forum to tell the truth to.aH who heard
him, even if slaves were listening to him. If he
had the power he would give to every slave a per-
fect knowledge of all his God-given rights. He
would open their minds to understand the oppres-
sion that weighed down their intellects and shut
out knowledge and truth from their comprehen-
sion. He would give them a knowledge of the
outrage upon humanity which holds them as chat-
tels, and subjects them to sale like brutes in the
market. He would inform them that they came
into the world from the hands of the same Creator
as those who lord it over them; that they were
brethren, created by the same hand, endowed with
the same rights, and candidates for the same im-
mortality.
Mr. GAYLE asked the gentleman from Ohio if
the utterance of these sentiments was not in the
hearing of the slaves.
Mr. GIDD1NGS said the gentleman from Ala-
bama could answer that question as well as him-
self. But this he would say to that gentleman,
that if the utterance of such truths would release
them from bondage, God knows it should be done.
Let gentlemen teach their bondmen to tremble, but
Jet them not come here to threaten freemen. Gen-
tlemen might hold their grasp on their fellow-men
and deprive them of the rights conferred by the
God who created them, and make their lacerated
flesh quiver with the lash, but they need not come
here and tell him that he should only speak by
their permission.
• Mr. GAYLE inquired if the gentleman alluded
to him when he spoke of the flesh being made to
quiver by the lash. He never used the lash on his
slaves, who would not, however, accompany him
here, because they were afraid that the abolitionists
■would skin them.
Mr. GIDDINGS replied that the gentleman's
statement showed to what degree of degradation
slavery can reduce the immortal mind. The gen-
tleman from Alabama, it appeared, had succeeded
to that extent, and he came here to boast of it. He
had carried his oppression so far as to blot from
the intellect of his fellow-man his natural and in-
stinctive love of freedom. He has taught his slaves
to hug their chains, to shudder at the thought of
being free: and now stands up here, before the
American people, and boasts of the success of his
experiment. His whole statement was in keeping
with the institution of slavery. It degraded the
immortal mind, and reduced man to the level of
brutes. He asked that gentleman if he taught his
slaves to read the Word of God > or,was it not an
offence under their laws to teach slaves to read that
sacred book? Was not such an offence punish-
able by incarceration in the penitentiary ? They
had only to go a few rods across that river (the
Potomac) and they would expose themselves to
the penalties of such a law if they should attempt
to teach slaves to read the Scriptures. Yes,to in-
struct slaves in the way of salvation, by enabling
them to read the Word of God, was deemed a crime
in this Christian land: this land of bibles, and min-
isters, and Sabbaths, and of slaves.
But to return to the proposition of the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Haskell,] who had ex-
pressed himself so strongly in regard to his exercise
of the freedom of speech. The gentleman thought
that he (Mr. G.) should hang as high as Haman
"for thus daring to speak his sentiments. That, he
supposed to be slaveholding punishment for speak-
ing truth. But he could spend no more time upon
the gentleman's proposition.
Another gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Venable] had spoken to the same effect on this
subject. That gentleman seemed to intimate that
he (Mr. G.) had treated the institution of slavery
with great want of respect in saying, that if a
slave defended himself on Ohio soil, even to killing
his master, they would not hang him to please all
the slaveholders in Christendom.. That gentle-
man, if he was not misinformed, belonged to, and
was a member of, a church founded by that good
man, John Wesley. He believed the gentleman
from North Carolina was a Methodist, and yet the
respected founder of that church had denounced
slavery as " the sum of all villanies."
Mr. VENABLE said the gentleman was mis-
taken; he was a "Presbyterian
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman was a Pres-
byterian, and yet he held slavery to be a blessing!
Would the gentleman from North Carolina sit
down with his slave and brother-in-Christ at the
sacramental board, commemorative of the Lord's
supper and sacrificial death? Would he partake
of the bread and wine in remembrance of the cru-
cified Saviour one day with his slave and brother,
and on the next sell him who thus bears the image
of God for paltry pelf, and still say he was a
Presbyterian? He (Mr. G.) denied it; the gentle-
man could be no Presbyterian. No man could be
a Presbyterian who sold God's image, and trans-
formed the immortal mind into a state of degrada-
tion, and shut out the Scriptures of eternal life from
his brother. It was impossible. He could scarce-
ly realize that he lived in the nineteenth century,
or in a Christian land. He could scarcely realize
that he lived in an age when the principles of our
holy religion were perverted for the purpose of
degrading our fellow-man, and shutting out from
him the hope of eternal life.
Mr. VENABLE begged to say to the gentleman
from Ohio, as he had alluded to the subject of re-
ligion, that he was no Methodist, though he highly
respected that sect. He was a Presbyterian; but
he should not enter with the gentleman from Ohio
into a religious discussion. He wished not either
to hear anything of the gentleman's history, nor
should he stay to dilate upon his own; but he would
refer the gentleman to the Epistle of Paul to Phile-
mon, from which that gentleman would learn that
Paul did not tell servants to run away from their
masters, but to return back to them. When the
gentleman from Ohio could bring evidence to
show that he was better, wiser, and holier than
Paul, he would listen to his counsels, and not till
then.
Mr. GIDDINGS said the gentleman from North
Carolina was rather too much excited for a Pres-
byterian. But it was not enough that professors
in this Hall should pervert our holy religion to the
purpose of justifying the crimes of slavery, but
the Scriptures of Truth were to be prostituted to
the maintenance of that institution. Had it come
to this, that a member of this House and of a
J Christian church, could here stand up and justify
j what such a man as John Wesley had called, not
j murder, nor theft, nor adultery, but " the sin o/ all
villanies" compounded? The substance of all their
j crimes are brought into the significant expression
; of slaveholding. He trusted that the gentleman
i from Tennessee, who was disposed to hang him,
! nor the gentleman who had felt hurt at his former
lemarks, would take oltence at what he was say-
ing. If they did,he would inform them that they
could probably find room in the rotundo until he
should close what he had to say.
It had been said in the other end of the Capitol,
I by a gentleman ofhigh distinction, that the average
; life of slaves on the sugar plantations was butjive
| years, and on the cotton plantations onl^ seven
( years. Thus whole generations are murdered in
| those regions every seven and five years, tjentle-
' men would remember that he spoke from hi°"h au-
j thorny, upon slaveholding data. And these mur-
, ders were attempted to be justified by Scripture;
j and because he had denounced the system and the
practice, he was deserving to be, not only mobbed
! but hanged, according to the opinion of gentlemen
j c" raS > a"' ^n<leet'' was attempted to involve
j St. i aul m these crimes, by saying that he justi-
. hed slavery while writing under Divine inspiration.
If such was the fact, he would abjure his religion
and turn Turk.
He would pass over much which he had intend-
ed to say on some other topics, as his time was
nearly exhausted. If he should write out his re-
marks, he might notice them. The gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] had complained of his
(Mr. G.V) want of respect for the institution of
slavery. That gentleman had in his characteristic
manner assailed his (Mr. G.'s) motives. Now,
he would not stay to reply to that gentleman's cen-
sure, nor to his attempt to make them believe that
slavery was a moral and justifiable institution.
He would prefer to read a few passages from an
author of that gentleman's own State. In Jeffer-
son's Notes he found the following:
There must doubtless be an unhappy influence on the
manners of our people produced by tlie existence of slavery
among us. The whole commerce between master ami "lave
is a perpetual exercise of the most boisterous passions, Hie
most unremitting despotism on the one part, and degrading
submission on the other. Our children see this, and learn
to imitate it; for man is an imitative animal. Thi- qifahty
is the germ of all education in him. From his cradle to his
grave he is learning to do what he sees others do. If a pa-
rent could find no motive eUher in his philanthropy or hi 
self love for restraining the intemperance of passion towards
his slave, it should always be a sufficient one that his child
is present. But generally it is not sufficient. The parent
storms, the child looks on, catches the lineaments of wi ath,
puts on the same airs m the circle of smaller slaves, gives a
loose to the worst of passions, and, thus nursed, educated,
and daily exercised in tyranny, cannot but be stamped by it
with odious peculiarities. The man must be a prodigy who
can retain his manners and moiaU undepraved by &uch cir-
cumstances."
This was from the apostle of Democracy, a native
of the Old Dominion, whose emphatic assertion was,
" that man must be a prodigy who can letain his
manners and morals undepraved" by slavery. He
would commend these words to the consideration
of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly.]
He would appeal to those present when that gen-
tleman delivered his speech on Friday last, if this
description of the gentleman's manner was not
true to the life? Were not his empty vaporings,
his unbounded vanity, a perfect fulfillment of this
prophecy?
That member, in his official station, had at-
tempted to argue the House into the belief that
slavery was a blessing. He would refer again to
Mr. Jefferson's opinion, as recorded by himself.
That statesman, in his Notes on Virginia, says:
"And with what execration should the statesman be load-
ed who, permitting one-half the citizens thus to trample on
the rights of the other, tiau&forms those into despots and
these into enemies, destroys the morals of the one part, and
the amor ■putriai of the other. For, if a slave can have a
country in this woild, it must be any other in preference to
that m which he is born to live and labor for another; in
which he must lock up the faculties of his nature, contrib-
ute, as far as depends on his individual endeavors, to the
evanishment of the human race, or entail his own misera-
ble condition on the endless generations proceeding from
lmn. With the morals of the people, their industry "is alio
destroyed; for in a warm climate no man will labor for him-
self who can make another labor for him."
This was the effect of slavery as portrayed in
every portion of the slaveholding country. But
as he had but a moment left, he would refer to that
portion of the gentleman's speech in which he had
declared that the abolitionists looked to insurrec-
tion among the slaves. And, he would ask, who
did not look to that result? Could any reflecting
man shut his eyes to that inevitable consequence
of slavery ? Did not Mr. Jefferson look to such a
finale of that system of oppression which now
cripples the energies and impoverishes the people
of the whole South? Mr. Jefferson, speaking in
the most emphatic language, says:
And can the liberties of a nation be thought secure when
we have removed their on!) firm basi.—a conviction m the
minds of the people that these liberties are of theeift ot (iod ;
that they are not to be violated but with hi- wratii; Indeed,
1 tiemble tor my country, when i reflect that G«,U is just:
that his ju-tice cannot sleep forever; that, considering num-
bers, nature, and natural niean-> only, a revolution of the
wheel of fortune, an exchange of situation, is among pos-
sible events; that it mij become probable by supernatural
interference! The Ahwighty ha* no attribute which can
take side with u  m such a contest."
No, the Almighty had no attribute that would
permit him to take sides with oppression, outrage,
and crime. AVhen the day of retribution should
arrive, a holy and just God could take no part
with slaveholders.
Mr. G. was here cut off by the expiration of
his hour.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, rose and said he
did not intend to discuss the resolution before the
House, nor the amendment which had been intro-
duced by kis friend from North Carolina; nor
