THE
GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON", BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, APRIL 28, 1848.
New Series. No. 43.
would he enter uporkthe discussion in relation to
slavery, for that was emphatically wandering from
the issue. He did not believe there was a soli-
tary member of this Congress who thought there
had been any breach of privilege growing out of this
far-famed mob. Why, then,keep up this discus-
sion ? Was there any member there who believed
that any member of Congress had been engaged in
purloining slaves from their masters? If not, why
should they continue the discussion of this second
point? And if they came back to the real issue
before them, they had nothing to justify a pro-
longed debate, for there was no proposition to
which there could be two parties. They all ad-
mitted the facts to be as the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Palfrey] had stated them. No
living man could point to a solitary member of this
House who was believed to be guilty of the act of
purloining slaves, and, therefore, there was no dif-
ference of opinion among them. But, nevertheless,
gentlemen had chosen to go into a general discus-
sion on irrelevant topics. He had the honor to
represent a slaveholding constituency, and at a
proper time and 6n a legitimaft question he should
endeavor to present his views and the views of his
constituents on that subject; but believing that this
whole discussion was out of order; believing it to
have been got up for a bad purpose; believing it
to have grown out of bad feelings; and believing
that the cxcitement here ought to be allowed to
pass away, as it had in the city of Washington,
and that the debate on this subject ought not to be
sent to the country to a greater extent than it had
already gone out, he moved to lay the whole sub-
* j.ect on the table, and he called for the yeas and
hays thereon.
After a few words of conversation, in which
several gentlemen took part, the yeas and nays
were ordered; and, being taken, resulted as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ashmun, Barringer, Barrow,
Bayly, Beale, Bedmger, Birdsall, Bocoek, Botts, Bojdon,
Bowlin, Boyd, Brady, Brodhfad, Win. G. Brown, Charles
•Brown, Albert G. Brown, Buekner, Butler, Cabell, Can by,
Cathcart, Chapman, Franklin Clark, Clingimin, H. Cobb,
Williamson It. W. Cobb, Cooke, Ciwfield, Cuv/ier. Cum-
mins, Daniel, Dickinson, Ponnell, Edwards, Alex. Evans,
Feathcrston, Ficklin, FJonrnoy, Freodley, French, Fries,
Fulton, Gaines, Gaylc, Gentry, Gregoiy, Hale, W. P. Ilnll,
J. G. Hampton, Harris, Henley, H\ll,lUUiard,G. S. Houston,
John W. Houston, Hubbard, Inge, C. J. Jngerrfoll, Joseph
R. Ingcisoll, Irvui, Iverson, J.imes-on, Andrew Johnson, It.
W. Johnson, George W. Jon<N, John VV. Jones, Kaufman,
Kennon, D. P. King, Lahin, La Sfiie, Lcffier, Levin, Ligon,
.Lincoln, Lumpkin, Maclay,McCh Hand, McOlermmd, Mc-
Kay, McLane, Job Mann, Meade, MjIIci, Morehead, Morris,
Murphy, Nelson, Nes, Outlaw, f'easlee, Peine, Peitit, Pey-
ton, Phelps, Pillsbury, Preston,Richarrieon, Robinson, Rock-
hill, Julius Rockwell, Roman, St. John, Sawyer, Fhepperd,
Sims, Smart, Robert-Smith,Stanton, Stephens, Tallmadsje,
Taylor, Tlubodeaux, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Richard W.
Thompson, John B. Thompson, R. A. Thompson, William
Thompson, Tompkins, Toombs, Tinner, Van Dyke, Yen-
able, Warren, Wick, Wiley, and Woodward—131).
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Belcher, Collamer,Collins, Con-
ger, Cranston, Croweil, Dickey, Duer, Daniel Duncan, Dunn,
Nathan Evan«, Farrelly, Fisher, Gntt,Gnnnell, M Hampton,
Henry, E. B. Holme*, Hunt, William T. Lawrence, Sidney
Lawrence, Mclivaine, Horace Mann, Maish, Marvin, Mul-
lin, Newall, Palfrey, Peck, Reynolds, J. A. Rockwell, Root,
Rumsey, Sbernll, Charles E. Stuart, Strohm, Thurston,
Tuck, Wentworth, White, and Wilson—42.
So the whole subject was laid upon the table.
Mr. CLINGMAN expressed his desire that the
consideration of the resolution on the printing of
General Scott's correspondence, &c., be postponed
till to-morrow, to allow time to see whether all the
correspondence had come in from the department;
which was agreed to.
soldiers' bounty lands.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Ashmun, of Massachu-
setts, in the chair,) and proceeded to consider the
several bills amendatory of the " act to raise, for a
limited time, an additional military force, and for
other purposes," approved February 11, 1847,
■viz : bills numbered 55, 156, 297, and 372.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, observed that
there had been four several bills reported to the
House on this subject: one from the Committee of
"Ways and Means, one from the Military Commit-
43
tee, one from the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Evans,] and one from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. Mr. J. had gone carefully through an ex-
amination of all these bills, and he found that they
went extensively into detail, embracing: a variety
of provisions not directly connected with what he
understood and believed to be the object, and the
only object, of the House in this matter, which
was, to extend to our volunteers who served in the
present war that benefit of which they had been
deprived owing to the construction put upon the
original act by the officer of the Pension Office,
viz : that non-commissioned officers, musicians,
and privates, who might have received promotion
for good behavior and meritorious services should
continue to be entitled to their land bounty just as
they had been while serving in the ranks. Believ-
ing this to be the object generally desired on all
sides of the House, and with a view to simplicity
of legislation, Mr. J. had prepared a substitute,
which was confined to this one object alone. It
proposed to give these Volunteers just what it was
supposed hacl been secured to them in the original
bill, and nothing more. Mr. J. had submitted the
bill he had prepared to a number of gentlemen of
the House, and they all fully approved of it. There
was no division of opinion, he believed, in the
House as to the propriety of providing some relief
for these meritorious men; the oniy question was
as to the extent of that relief. He had placed
them, in the proposed substitute, precisely on the
ground of otherprivate soldiers who had remained
in the ranks; it gave them neither more nor less.
He had, however, embraced the restriction origi-
nally contained in the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] and
confined the effect of the relief to those only
who had been promoted after reaching the seat of
war; and he had done so because he considered
that provision as just and right. He excluded
those who might have been promoted before they
had served as non-commissioned officers or pri-
vates, or had served but a few days. He was in
favor of giving bounty land to such only as went
out in good faith and were elevated, after getting
on the ground,'for their meritorious behavior.
He did not include officers in this substitute,
because they received a different sort of reward
for their services—the high reward of military
distinction. This was what officers of the army
in all countries desired and prized above every-
thing else in the world. It was a reward far above
money; and let them get their pay in what they
mos>t esteemed. But as to privates, wherever they
had gone forth, bona fide, with the purpose of serv-
ing out their time according to contract, and before
that term had expired* had been promoted and
commissioned, let them not, on that account, lose
the land they would otherwise have received
Such was the character of the substitute he had
drawn up, and which he now offered to the adop-
tion of the committee. He did not think it could
be liable to a single objection. At all events, it had
the merit of extreme simplicity.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, objected to the sub-
stitute being now received, as the original bill had
not been read. This must be done before anything
as a substitute for it could be in order.
Here there was some question as to which of the
four bills came first in order. The bill No. 55,
from the Military Committee, was read, as enti-
tled to precedence. * •
Mr. EVANS insisted that the bill No. 297,
which he had introduced, should be read as first in
order.
After some desultory conversation as to the order
of the bills, the bill No. 297 was taken up and
read, as follows:
" Be it enacted, That everynon-commissioned officer,
private, or musician, of the army of the United States, who
has been, or who may hereafter, during the continuance of
the present war with Mexico, he promoted to the rank of com-
missioned officer, and who, if such promotion had not taken
place,'would have been, or may hereafter be, entitled to re-
ceive from the War Department a.ceitificate or warrant for
public land, or treasury scrip in lieu thereof, under the ninth
section of the'act of which this is an amendment, shall,,not-
withstanding such promotion, be entitled to receive said
warrant or certificate, or treasury scrip in lieu thereof, in
the same manner as if such promotion had not taken place.:
Provided, That all the requisites of the ninth section of the
act approved February 11th, 1847, shall have been faithfully
complied with: Jlnd-provided further^ Tint the provisions of
the said ninth section shall be as applicable to land warrants
or certificates issued under this act as to those that might be
issued in virtue of said ninth section."
To which an amendment moved by Mr. Rich-
ardson was pending, viz:
" Provided further, That they shall have been elected or
promoted after reaching the scat ot war."
Mr. Johnson's substitute was also read, as fol-
lows:
il That the benefits conferred hr the ninth section of Urn
act entitled (An act to raise, for a hnnfed time, an additional
military force, and for otiier purposes,' approved February
11th, 1847, be, and the same are hereby, extended and se-
cured to all non-commissioned officers, musicians, and pri-
vates, who, during the war with Mexico, may have been, or
may hereafter be,'promoted to any company or staff office
alter their arrival at the feat of war."
And the question first coming up on Mr. Rich-
ardson's amendment, it was agreed to; when—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said he had
prepared an amendment consisting of an additional
section to the bill. If the substitute w*re adopted,
he would, lie supposed, be precluded from offer-
ing it.
The CHAIR assenting to this—
Mr. THOMPSON said hg would then move
.the section as an amendment to the original bill,
so as to pcrfcct that before the question should be
put on the substitute of the gentleman from Ar-
kansas.
The amendment was thereupon read as follows:
" Jlndbe it further enacted, That the benefits and rights
confeired by the ninth section of the above recited act upon
the soldiers engaged in the present war with Mexico, be,
and the same are hereby, so extended that each non-com-
missioned officer, musician, and private of the regular army,
or of any company of volunteers, rangers, or militia, who
served in the Indian war in the Northwest Territory, prior
to the treaty of Greenville in 1794, or who served during the
late war with Great Britain, fortwelve months or moie, and
was honorablydischarged,and who has not received a boun-
ty of land by virtue of any law heretofore passed, shall be
entitled to and receive a warrant for one hundred and sixty
acres of hind; and such non-commissioned officer, musi-
cian, and puvate,^>f any company of volunteers or militia,
who actually served for six months in the said Indian war, '
or in the said war with Great Britain, and was honorably
discharged, shall be entitled to and receive a warrant for
eighty acre1? of land; the bounties of land herein granted
shall be subject to the same rules of descent, and be located
m the same manner and with the same icstrictions as arc
now piovuled in the said above recited act."
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said he had
offered his amendment with a view of doing an act
of justice to a class of individuals who have long
had claims upon the Government, and thus far
have been neglected.
At the last session of the last Congress, the bill
to which this proposition is an amendment became
a law. In that enactment, bounties in land were
allowed to the soldiers engaged in the Mexican
war, both regulars and volunteers. This law had
met, in his estimation, the sanction and approba-
tion of the country. It passed both Houses of
Congress with almost entire unanimity; and he did
not believe there was opposition to the measure in
any direction. The amendment just offered ex-
tends the same bounties to the same class of indi-
viduals who engaged in the service of the country
in the last war. It proposes to keep within the
precedent which lias been established, and which
has been approved by the country : to those sol-
1 diers (regulars, volunteers, and militia) who served
i for twelve months or more, one hundred and sixty
| acres of land are allowed; to those who served for
six months and less than twelve months, eiglity
acres of land. There the amendment stops; and he
hoped those who wished in good faith to have the
amendment adopted, would resist changes which
will be attempted to load down the bilh
Mr. Chairman, (said Mr. T.,) there is a feeling,
strong, deep, and almost universal in this co"ntryi
that the compensation allowed by our laws for the
non-commissioned officers and privates of our army
is wholly inadequate. In the last Congress, when
the bill declaring war against Mexico and autho-
rizing the President' to receive into he service of
the United States fifty thousand volunteers, was
under consideration, an amendment was offered to
