1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
675
he verily believed, the doing of this act of justice,"
and the location of these warrants, would facilitate
and accelerate the disposition of the residue. All
the lands now surveyed and ready for market
amount to 300,216,978 acres.
But gentlemen have a convenient way of meeting
all this, by saying it is all humbug. Sir, this is
the resort always of a politician who^s hard press-
ed and defeated in argument. But it is no such
thing in the ordinary acceptation of that term: it is
founded in truth, justice, and equality; the reward
of services freely rendered; or if it be a humbug, it
is <>ne which the people will adopt and advocate—
a humbug which public men will find it most dif-
ficult to resist, inasmuch as it finds its approval
in the strong good sense and grateful feeling of
the people. When he voted against the increase
of the pay of the volunteer, because of the inequal-
ity which was proposed to be made in the com-
pensation of the regular troops and the volunteers,
he found a humbug was made out of it by low,
cunning, contriving men, because an opportunity
was afforded for misrepresentation; and so prop-
er did the people consider the increase, and so
much was such a movement in accordance with
their feelings, that they were almost ready to take
it in any shape. Some have supposed that the
course which asenseofdutyimpelled him (Mr.T.)
to take in regard to General Taylor, embarrassed
him among his constituents. Not at all; this hum-
bug exploded at the very first fire. But, more pa-
tience and more care were required to satisfy the
honest yeomanry as to the propriety of the other'
vote. But when any man i3 right, honest, and
frank,"he has nothing to fear from an'intelligcnt
and patriotic constituency.
And why should not this bill be passed, and
these bounties extended to the soldiers of the last
war, placing them on terms of equality with the
soldiers of (he Mexican war. Is this Mexican
war more just, righteous, and important than the
war of 1812? Is the enemy now more brave, skill- :
ful, and difficult to overcome than the enemy then?
Are the results of the war more conducive to
national honor and national elevation and advance-
ment? No, sir. No one contends for such a prop-
osition. These wars were alike necessary. The
glory of our arms has been maintained, and our
national character elevated in both conflicts. The
volunteers of this war arc placed on grounds of
equality in compensation and bounties with the
regular troops. Why not act in the same way
with the volunteers of the last war? The differ-
ence, if any, is in this: the excitement of the last
war is passed away, and a debt so long due and
unliquidated,-loses its force in proportion to the
distance and time at which it was incurred. He
would not endeavor to renew the glories of the last
war; he would not endeavor to recount the hard-
ships, deprivations, and sufferings of our army
during that time—the scanty ration, the insufficient
clothing, amidst the severest chilling blasts of our
northern frontier—the depreciated paperwith which
the Government discharged their meagre wages—
the dreadful conflicts with a powerful foe, and the
awful carnage which ever attended them. These
were left by him for others to perform, who had
inclination and capacity for such an undertaking.
But while we all feel proud for our countrymen
in their bearing in Mexico, yet it is right to re-
member the fullness, and excellence, and readi-
ness of their rations ; a bountiful payment for
clothing; a mild climate in which to operate, though
in positions subject to the inspiration of a delete-
rious malaria, which, in many instances, proved
fatal. He believed if the people of the united
States were allowed a direct vote on this amend-
ment, there would be little or no opposition.
Again: he had ever been against a large stand-
ing army; it is the bane and curse of every repub-
lic. It is by the army all republics have fallen.
And he verily believed, if the standing army of
this country was continued at the number now en-
gaged in the public service, althdugh he had every
confidence in the patriotism, intelligence, and hon-
esty of our army, yet this army would control the
policy of this Government. For the first series of
years it would be done by influence; and when
that influence failed, as fail it would in the end,
power, force, the strong arm, would be brought in
to rule the turbulent, and to put down the insub-
ordinate. This has been the spirit of all armies—,
indeed of all associated bodies of men. And man
continues the same in all his passions, motives,
and objects of pursuit in all ages and in all nations.
And he feared, at least, our Republic had not re-
generated man. Therefore, he was against large
standing regular armies. The defence and the hon-
or of the Republic ought to remain with the .citizen-
soldier. He was opposed to long pension rolls.
This is too close an imitation of the rotten Govern-
ments of Europe, which are now crumbling into
dust. It is intended for privileged orders, to main-
tain distinct classes in society, who may be depend-
ants upon Government, and whose interest it will
be to continue the existing order of things which
feeds them, however oppressive to their fellow-
citizens. This system is not suited to a plain,
democratic Government. If we owe these men
anything for their services—if liberality to public
servants pi ompts, and justice demands, this bounty
—pay it, whatever is due. Let Inm have it, and
then let him take care of himself. Let him no
longer look to Government for help. If he has
been disabled in your service, generosity, bids you
to provide for his necessities, but duty to all for-
bids your special guardianship over any American
citizen who is able to take care of himself. Let
us pay the citizen-soldier liberally. In the service
of his country let his patriotism and his interest
be both appealed to; and thus we may bid defi-
ance to the combined standing armies of the world,
without^a mercenary army, ever ready to obey
the behests of the occupant of the Presidential
chair.
He (Mr. T.) said he saw gentlemen all around
him anxious to take the floor on this proposition.
He advised them to move with caution; this was
a new proposition. Men often get wrong by over-
hasty and inconsiderate action. This question of
pay of the volunteers is an old song. And I doubt
not there arc many here to whom the phrase is
familiar, as having been used by themselves on the
stump—eight dollars a day for a member of Con-
gress, and seven dollars per month for the poor
soldier. Upon your return home, after having in-
duced many good-meaning men to join in sending
you here, how will you answer the interrogatory of
the old soldier, How is it that the twelve-months'
men of this war receive bounties in land, and we are
deprived of the same, when we have performed the
same service ? I thought you were the friend of the
soldier. You obtained my vote by that song, and
when the proposition is made to give me a home,
you forget all your professions. Sir, gentlemen
will be without a satisfactory answer even to them-
selves. This provision is right and proper. And
although it may take five or six millions of acres of
land to satisfy the claim, each of you who intend to
oppose this measure had better weigh your words
and examine your arguments well before their de-
livery. Let but the remembrances and glories of
Cranoy Island, Aux Cunards, Fort Stephenson,
the Thames, Chippewa, Fort Eric, Lundy's Lane,
and New Orleans, awake around you, and you
will soon see how consistent with justice and right
this scanty but late bounty will appear.
One other consideration. He (Mr. T.) said he
had despaired of the graduation of the price of the
public lands by this generation of legislators. The
lands in the new States are now vacant. He want-
ed them occupied and cultivated. He desired to
see these lands pass into the hands of individuals,
so that they might become subject to taxation. At
their present rates, they would not sell, and no set-
tlement would be made, and emigration would go
onward, touching and cultivating only the select
lands, till they were turned back by the Pacific.
If, in doing an act of justice and enlightened pa-
triotism, we can remedy this slate of things, is it
not most desirable? Will not every man from a
new State join me? Here is a measure m which
we can all unite. The old States have the soldiers;
the new States have the lands. The old States
want compensation for the services of their citi-
zens; the new States will be glad that these same
patriots were in possession of some of their vacant
lands, and become their neighbors. He hoped,
therefore, that the friends of the proposition would
protect the measure from all insidious efforts to de-
feat it by putting upon it ridiculous amendments,
with a view of making the measure itself unac-
ceptable to its friends. Let others do as they might,
he would discharge his duty.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, obtained the
floor, on whose motion the committee rose and
reported progress, and then
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following memorials and petitions were presented
under the rule, and referred: '
By Mr. TURNER: The petition of L. P. Sanger, prating
compensation for carrying the mails from the 13th February,
1847, until June, in the same year, over routes abandoned
by O. Hinton & Co. Also, the petition of Thomas Harrison
and many others, praying for a mail route from Mount Car-
roll, in the State of Illinois, to Pleasant Valley andHowards-
ville, in the same State. Also, the petition of P. G. Petrie
and a great many others, praying for a mail route from Syca-
more, in the State oflllinoi?, to South Grove, Lindenwoodi
White Rock, Daysville, Oregon, Mount Morris, Chambers's
Grove, Cherry Grove, Mount Carroll, and Savannah, in the
State of Illinois.
By Mr. ABBOTT: The petition of Henry Little and Ja-
cob Fe.leh, of Newbury, Massachusetts, praying for indem-
nity for damages sustained by the erection of a breakwatet
connecting with Woodbridge's Island, in Merrimac river.
By Mr. CHAPMAN : The memonal of Benedict J. Heard,
praying that his claim for the destruction of his houses may
be paid.
By Mr. TUCK: The petition of W. FI. Y. Hackett and 2?
other citizens of Portsmouth, New Hampshire, praying that
Congress will purchase Mount Vernon, agreeably to a prop-
osition of John A. Washington, E&q., to the Hon. George #
M. Dallas. Also, the petition of N. P. Haskell and 70 other
citizens of Weston and vicinity, Maine, praying that Con-
gress will appoint a committee to inquire into the existence,
extent, and legality of the slave trade in the District of Co-
lumbia.
By Mr. JAMESON: The petition of David Jones for a
pension. Also, the petition of divers citizens of Rails
county, Missouri, prayiug for authouty to locate certain
school lands on other vacant sections. Also, the petition of
several citizens of the counties of St. Louis, St. Charles,
and Warren, Missoun, praying for a change in mail route
No. 4,717. Also, a petition m relation to certain land war-
rants.
By Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON: The petition of sundry
j citizens of Carter county, Tennessee, asking the cstabhsh-
j ment of a mail route from Etizahethton to various other
i places, as sot forth in the petition.
By Mr. MAUSll: The memorial of John Peek andothers,
in favor of Whitney's plan for the construction of the At-
lantic and Pacific railroad.
B> Mr. TWEEDY: The petition of Nancy G. Sanders
and 122 other*, ladies of Wisconsin, praying lor an exten-
sion of the privilege of preemption to settlers, so as the bet-
ter to piotcct them against speculator. Also, the petition
of Warren Chase and 49 others, for a division of the Green
Bay land district. Also, the petition of O. Preston and 19
others, for continuation of post route No. 4.407, from Geneva
to Summit, Wisconsin, via Spring Prairie, East Troy, Eagle-
ville, and Wdteiville. Also, the petition of N. H. Strong
and 37 others, for a post route from Watertown, via Wau-
pun, Ceresco, and Berlin, to Plover Portage, service thereon
as often as once a week. Also, th« petition ©f Win. Starr
and 113 others, for a post route from Watertown, via Wau-
pun, Ceresco, and Berlin, to Plover Portage, of a mail ser-
vice thereon. Also, the petition of Edmund Cowdry and 79
others, for'a post route from Watertown, via Waupun, Ce-
resco, and Berlin, to Stevens's Point, Portage county.
By Mr. BELCHER: The remonstrance of Ge<#ge Ken-
dall and 41 others, inhabitants of the State of Maine, against
opening our ports to British lumber floated down the St.
John's river. Also, the petition of Samuel Davis, for bounty
on t-chooner Daniel.
By Mr. WILSON: The memorial of John Ptumbe, in re-
lation to his project for a railroad from the Lakes to Ore-
gon. Also, the petition of Ephraim Spoor, praying for a
pension. AUo, the petition of Ann F. Perrine and others,
praying for the extension of the nine allowed for locating a
tract of'land in Florida, granted to Dr. Ileniv Pertmc. Also,
the petition ofCalviu Smith, of Heninker, New Hampshire
praying that all prisons in tbelhstrictofColumbia whete per-
sons are confined without conviction or allegation of crime
may bo abolished.
By Mr. BARROW : Tbe petition of William Linville and
25 others, officers and soldiers m the la«t war with Great
Britain, asking an extension of the pension laws, &c.
By Mr. ATKINSON: The petition of William Tee, of
Portsmouth, Virginia, for a pension.
By Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL: Several petitions, numer-
ously signed by citizens of Philadelphia, for the survey of a
route for a post road from Philadelphia to New York.
By Mr. TALLMADGE: The petition of Gouverneur Mor-
ris and others, for an appropriation to promote the sciences of
geology, mineralogy, &c.; of Lieut. J.S. Devlin, for compen-
sation as acting assistant quartermaster in the marine corps;
of George Put Stevenson, for an allowance for service as
judge advocate on the coast of Brazil.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: A petition for a mail route
from Rockford, via Kfshwaukee, mouth ofStillman's Creek,
DaysviHe, Lee Centre, and Ovid, to Peru, in La Salle coun-
ty. AM>, a petition for a mail route from Littlel'oit, via
Gage's Lake, HainesviHe, Fort Hill, Forkville, and Lamar,
to Crystal Lake, in MeHetirv county.
By Mr. HALL : The petition of Charlotte S. Newcomb,
for ai rears of pension due her grandfather, Thomas Lincoln,
deceased. ' .
Bv Mr. GAINES: The petitition of Robert Perry, for a
pension fbr services rendered and injuries received during
the Indian war.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April 25, 1848.
Mr. BREESE presented a petition from the
County Commissioners of Fayette county, Illinois,
asking that the State of Illinois be authorized to
collect tolls on the Cumberland road for keeping it
in repair; which was referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals. .
Abo, petitions from Frink and fiadduck, and
