678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
whole subject is fully shown. Captain Hensley
was commissary and quartermaster, Major Read-
ins- was paymaster. Both were cognizant of the
claims: one in doing the acts which originated
them; the other in settling them, as far as he could.
The deposition of Captain Hsnsley, (a gentleman
of character and intelligence, with whom the com-
mittee became well acquainted,) establishes this
fact, and shows that he and Major Reading, from
their respective positions in the battalion, were
best acquainted with the claims, and were called
by their offices to make an estimate of their amount
before he left California. At page 37 of the docu-
ment of depositions, he testifies thus, in answer to
a question from the committee:
« As you were commissary and quartermaster, and there-
fore intimately acquainted with the supplies obtained by the
troops, and with the general expenses ot'the whole conquest
of California from the beginning, under the flag of independ-
ence in the north, to the suppression of the insurrection at
Los Angeles in the *outh, you can form an opinion of the
whole sum which the just claims upon the United States
would amount to. Will you state that amount?
" AmwerT Previous to leaving the city of Angels, Major
Reading, acting as paymaster, and myself, made as estimate
of the amount due in that country. From the best informa-
tion which we could obtain, we made the total amount&even
hundred thousand dollars. Major Reading was operating in
the north with Colonel Fremont, and myself with Commo-
dore Stockton in the south."
From this answer of Captain Hensley to the
committee's question, as well as from the tenor of
other depositions, and the very nature of their
places in the battalion, it is clear that he and Ma-
jor Reading are the proper persons to be asso-
ciated with Mr. Fremont in allowing or reject-
ing these claims. They know every transaction,
and cannot be deceived. They know every claim-
ant, atid cannot be imposed upon. They know
the true from the false in every instance, both of
men and transactions. They can do justice, and
that upon their own knowledge. Their own char-
acters are concerned in rejecting false accounts, and
preventing their names and acts from being made
the means of imposition upon the United States.
At pages 35 and 36 of the document, Captain
Hensley shows that all supplies were scarce and
dear, and the dearer because necessarily obtained
without money, there being none furnished by the
United States. He says:
<•' After the city of Angels was taken by the United States
forces, Captam Gillespie was left in command, and I acted
as assistant quartermaster to the troops stationed there. Af-
ter the insurrection broke out in September, 1846, provisions
and supplies of all kinds could only be obtained at the most
. extravagant prices, the wiioie surrounding country being m
the hands of the enemy."
And he gives a statement of prices, fully sus-
taining this declaration:
"Horses and mules, from j$25 to $'35 00
Saddles, complete, from  30 to 40 00
Bridles  6 to 10 00
Spurs  6 to 10 00*
JBotas  4 to 8 00
Rifles, very scarce, from  50 to 100 00
Powder, per pound  2 00
Jjead, pei pound  37x
Percussion caps, per thousand  10 GO3
Beef cattle, per head  8 to 30 00
Flour, per hundred pounds  10 00
Sugar, per hundred-pounds  37 to 50 00
Coffee, per hundred pounds. $  50 mp
At such prices as these, except for the horses
and cattle, which are below the price of the same
in the United States, and without money to pay
down, amounts soon run up high; but still small j
for the great results produced m conquering the i
country, and pacifying it, before the United States i
troops arrived.
A great error prevails in the minds of some Sen- I
ators as to the authority for incurring these claims, j
The Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] classes !
them all as unauthorized. It is a great mistake. 1
The claims arising from unauthorized operations', !
limit themselves to about thirty days of time, and !
to the expenses of a force of less than three hun- !
dred men. They limit themselves to the opera- 1
tions under the flag of independence—from the first i
week m June to the 10th of July—when the fia°- i
of independence was abandoned,-that of the UnE
ted States adopted, and the battalion went into ser-
vice with the navy. From this time forth, all
expenses were duly authorized, the naval com-
manders acting under special orders from the Pres-
ident, to conquer, retain, and govern California.
These orders began in October, 1845, in anticipa-
tion of the war, and were continued by successive
orders of the most urgent kind. Those of July
12  1846, though they did not arrive until opera-
tions were over, were issued in the very time that
Mr. Fremont was in the act of joining the naval
forces, and show what the intention of the Gov-
ernment was at that time. They were addressed
to Commodore Sloat, and said:
"Previous instructions have informed you of the instruc-
tions of this Government, pending the war with Mexico, to
take and hold possession of California. * * * The
object of the United Slates is, under its rights as a belliger-
ent nation, to possess itself entirely of Upper California. *
* * * The object of the United States has reference
to ultimate peace with Mexico; and if, at that peace, the basis
of theutipo«ide/i& shall be established, the Government ex-
peel*, through, your forces, to be found m actual possession
of Upper California. * * * Tins will bring with it
the necessity of a civil administration. Such a government
should be established under your protection."
These instructions are positive in themselves,
and refer to previous instructions. They corre-
spond with all the previous orders to the navy.
That branch of the public force was charged in
advance, and in anticipation of the<war, with the
conquest of California, whenever war broke out.
They were to conquer the country; they were to
hold possession of it till peace; and they were to
establish a civil government for its temporary ad-
ministration. The naval commanders were to do
this, and did do it. Commodore Stockton took
command in July, immediately after Mr. Fremont
came to Monterey, and under his orders, all subse-
quent military operations were carried on,and the
civil government established, the expenses of which
now remain to be paid. Commodore Stockton re-
ceived the thanks of the.Government for prosecu-
ting the conquest of California; Commodore Sloat
was censured and recalled for not doing it; and
Mr. Fremont and his battalion were a part of Stock-
ton's forces, and acted under ordeis irom him.
The very day this letter of the 12th of July was
written at Washington, Mr. Fremont was on his
way to Monterey, to aid Commodore Sloat to do
the very thing which these reiterated instructions
required him to do. He was fulfilling, to the let-
ter, on that day, the orders which were emanating
from Washington. At the distance of 3,000
miles, and without orders, he was doing what the
Government wished done, and what the naval
commanders could not have done without a land
I force.
i The letter of recall to Commodore Sloat, dated
: August 13, 1846, shows not only that the naval
commanders were required to conquer, retain, and
govern California, but that they would be censured
and superseded for not doing it. Here is that or-
der, dated, as 1 have said, on August 13, 1646—
by a strange coincidence, the very day that Stock-
ton and Fremont were entering the city of the An-
gels, and putting the finishmg-hand to the conquest
of California. Hear it:
" U. S. NTavy Department,
"Washington, *duguU 13,1846.
" Commodore : The department has received your letter.
No. 51, Ot June 6, from which it apptars, that while you
vveie aware of the existence iof actual ttar' between the
United States and Mexico, you remained in a state ot inac-
tivity, and did not carry out the instructions of June 24, ic45,
fianted to be executed even in the event of the mere decla-
ration ot war, much more m the event ot aclua! hostilities,
Those instructions you were ordered to carry out ' at once.' ■
" In my letter ot August 6,1815, the lecupt oi which jou !
acknowledged on the^eth Jan nan, 18^6, referring to them, •
I said: 'In the event of war,\ou wjJl obey the instiuctions !
recently addiyssed to jou via Panama.' in my letter of Oe- J
toljei J7,1845, of which jou acknowledge the leceipt on the [
17th of March, 184G, referring to these instructions once j
moie, 1 said turther: 'In the event of actual hostilities be- f
' twten the Mexican Government and our own, you will so j
k dispose Of your whole forceas to eanyout most effectually
4 the objects specified m the instructions forwarded to you !
Mroin the department, in view of such a contingency' And
fcUiely there is no ambiguity m this language.
kS And m my letter of the 23d ot'Febiuaty last, sent through
Mexico, I remarked. -This letter is sent to jou overland,
e enclosed, a  you suggest, to Messrs. MoU, Talbot, Co.,
i Mazatlan, and you will readily understand the leserve with
i which it is wntten.'
" The department, on August 5, 1845, had also told you 1 j
' that jour force should not be weakened while hostilities >
c are threatened by Mexico.5 Youi course was particularly J
appioved in detaining tire frigate Constitution. " ;'
" The department will hope that a more urgent necessity ,
lhan as j'et appears, existed lor the otherwise premature re- <1
turn of that vessel. i!
" Tne department willingly believes in the purity of your ] j
intentions. Hut your anxiety not to do wrong, has ted you into !
a most unjortunate and unwarrantable inactivity. )!
" Very respectfully, yours, ji
" txJSORGE BANCROFT. i
"Com. John D. Sloat, )|
" Com'g U. S. naval forces in the Pacific Oceans'* ! j
This is the letter of recall to Commodore Sloat; !i
recalling him for inactivity, for delay in commen- |
cmg hostilities;, for his unfortunate anxiety not to ij
do wrong. It is full proof, not only of authority j|
to act, but of blame for not acting. Commodore u
Stockton succeeded Commodore Sloat. He acted,
and Fremont with him; and the mass of these
claims, the whole, except the insignificant amount
accruing during the first thirty days under the flag"
of independence, arose under the command of
Commodore Stockton, and were doubly authorized
both by his position as commander on the Califor-
nia station, by the reiterated orders to the naval
commanders, and by the express approbation of
his conduct since he returned home.
The operations without authority limit them-
selves, then, to about thirty days of time at the
commencement, and will not require forty thou-
sand dollars to pay them; and for that sum the
United States received more than the amount at the
time in horses, cattle, cannon, and muskets, takeiV
from the enemy and delivered to the United States
or used in her service. Eighteen bras3 cannon,
two hundred and fifty stand of muskets, four or
five hundred cattle, and nearly double as many
horses, taken under the independent flag, went to
the United States. These materials of war went
to the United States, and were worth full fifty
thousand dollars m money. The United States
received, then, in materials of war, more than it
is asked to pay for these unauthorized operations.
She received horses, eattle, cannon, and muskets,
to more than the value; and we* are ready to put
a proviso to the bill limiting the amount to be paid
for these operations to a less sum than the value
of the articles actually received. But this would
be but a poor way of settling the account. The'
United States received all the fruits ,of the revolu-
jj tionary movement; she received all the benefits of
the movement: and these benefits were of a kind
not to be weighed or measured against money.
She received all the northern half of California,
conquered to her hand, before the naval forces be-
gan to act; and this half so received by her has
remained tranquil in her hands ever since. It
broke up the juntos for transferring the country to
the protection of Great Britain, and stopped the
grants and sales of the public domain to British
subjects; and arrested the proceedings in the Mac-
namara grant of three thousand square leagues be-
fore the grant was complete, and ail the original
I pupeis of which have been brought to the United
! States. It induced Commodore Sloat to change
| his mind after he had been five days at Monterey,
I and decided him to take possession of the place,
! thus anticipating the arrival of the British Admiral
! by a few days, and converting his arrival into
benefit instead of harm. For when he did arrive,
finding the place in possession of the United States,
he saw that his mission was at an end, and went
oft' as suddenly and mysteriously as he came,
abandoning California to its new masters, and
putting an end to all hope of British protection.
Finally, it saved the American settlers from de-
struction, gave a body of organized and victorious
land forces to the United States to act with the
navy, and presented to the view of the British Ad-
miral that camp of mounted riflemen which had
such a discouraging effect upon his mind, and such
| an encouraging one upon the mmds of the naval
: forces.
i These were the benefits received by the United
States from the movement under the independent
flag. They are above price, and beyond dispute.
The historical depositions taken by the committee
prove everything, and the despatch of Commodore
Sloat to the Secretary of the Navy, of July3J,
1846, coincides with the sworn testimony in show-
ing the happy effects all this had upon the British
Admiral's visit, converting it into a benefit instead
of a mischief. He says :
"On the 16th the British Admiral, Sir George F. Sej mour,
ariived m the Colhngwood, 60. An officer was immediately
sent to tender him the usual courtesies and the facilities of
the pott. He was subsequently furnished with a set of top-
gall.intmaats and other spars fur his ship, and sailed on the
23d for the Sandwich Islands.
"Tno visit ol the Admiral was very serviceable to our cause
in California, as the inhabitants fully believed he v.ouldtake
part nith thhn, and that ice u-outd be obliged io abandon our
conquest; but u hen they saw the Jriendly intercourse subsisting
betueen us. andjound that he could not interfeie in their be-
half, they abandoned all hope of ever seeing the Mexican flag
flying in California aguin."
Thus the British Admiral disappointed the ex-
pectations of the British party in California. He
came as they expected, but when he came he did
nothing. He did not interfere m their behalf; he
behaved friendly. He went off in a few days,
carrying with him the emissary Macnamara; and
on his departure the inhabitants lost all hope of
