1848.
THE CONGRESSIOW&L GLOBE.
670
ever seeing the Mexican flag again flying in Cali-
fornia. Thus was California saved from passing,
like the Mosquito coast, and so many other places,
under British protection. California was saved 1
And how came it to be saved ? Because Mr. Fre-
mont, his topographical corps, and the settlers, had
overturned the Mexican authority before he ar-
rived—had extinguished the British, party—had
induced Commodore Sloat to take possession of
Monterey, and he himself, with his battalion, had
come down to the coast to second the operations
. of the navy. This saved California. Ail the depo-
sitions attribute these results to Mr. Fremont's
movetnent; and his coming down to Monterey to
join the naval forces was the crowning act of his
whole conduct. It was decisive upon the minds of
both British and Americans. It showed a land
force, already victorious over the Mexican author-
ities, ready to act with the navy. A camp of
mounted riflemen suddenly appearing, and as if by
magic, was an impressive sight both to British and
Americans. It discouraged one as much as it en-
couraged the other, and assured the conquest of
afl the remaining part of California. Lieutenant
Minor, of the navy, then in Commodore Sloat's
squadron, has well testified to all tins. He says:
" The undersigned was on duty on shore when Captain
Fremont arrived with his force at Monterey from the north.
Tile undersigned believes that the appearance of this body
pf men, and the well known character of its commander, not
only made a strong impression upon the Biitish Admiral and
officers, but an equally impressive and more happy one upon
those of the American navy then in Monterey. For himself,
the undesigned can say, that aftei he had seen Captain Fr6
wont's command, ail his doubts regarding the conquest of
California were removed."
Such is the testimony borne "by Lieutenant Mi
nor to the decisive effect which the appearance of
Fremont's riflemen made upon .the minds of both
British and Americans at that time. It was cer-
tainly a strange and impressive spectacle to see a
body of American riflemen at such a place, and at
such a time—three thousand miles from home—
on the coast of the Pacific—already victorious over
the Mexican authorities, and ready to cooperate
with the naval forces.in repulsing British interfer-
ence, and in pursuing the conquest of California
its conclusion. Immediately after, they went
to sea under Commodore Stockton, sailed five
hundred miles down the coast, and disembarked
for new services on land. But I forbear. The ob-
ject of these few remarks was to show, not the
services of the California battalion in the whole
war, but only for the first thirty days, while acting
under the flag of independence, without a knowl-
edge of the Mexican,war, and without orders
from the Government. I mean only to show the
value of these services, and that all their fruits
went to the United States; and that the amount to
be paid for those services under this bill will be
iess than the value of the horses, cattle, arms,
and cannon delivered to the United States, to say
nothing of benefits of a different kind, above price
and above calculation.
The bill and the amendment reported by the com-
mittee are drawn with the view to settle up and to
close up forever this business of the California
claims. It is obvious what a mine of fraud they
must become if not settled up and closed up quick-
ly and forever. For this purpose the claims
are to be examined on the spot where they oc-
curred before they are allowed. They are to be
examined by those who know the truth and jus-
tice of every transaction—able to detect at once
ail faise or exaggerated claims—and barring for-
ever all that are not presented and allowed with-
in the limited time. It also closes up another
source of fruitful and almost perpetual claims—
that of claims for lost horses. This is a most ex-
pensive incident of the mounted service—great in
itself, and great in its continuance, and hard to be
brought to a close. This amendment, if adopted,
will prevent all such claims from coming from
California. It will close them all. up at the start.
It makes an allowance for forage, at the rate of
twelve and a half cents a day, in addition to the
forty cents a day for the use and risk of the horse
—an allowance justly made, as no forage was ever
furnished the California battalion by the United
States, and the horses were subsisted upon grass
while watched and guarded by the men. The
whole compensation is made into a gross sum,
(consisting of the items of pay, clothing, use and
risk of horse, and forag:,) and offered in full of
all demands for horses lost for any cause, or by
any means whatever. It would doubtless be ad-
vantageous to the United States to settle with all
their mounted forces on the same terfns.
Mr. UNDERWOOD rose to address the Sen-
ate, but the hour being'late, he moved, at the sug-
gestion of Senators around him, that the Senate
adjourn; which motion was adopted, and the Sen-
ate adjourned..
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Jlpril 26,1848. •
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, asked leave to
introduce a bill of which previous notice had been
given.
The SPEAKER announced the first business in
order to be the report of the Committee on Printing,
made the 6th instant, recommending the printing
of an extra number of the correspondence between
the Secretary of War and Generals Scott and
Taylor, and between the Secretary of State and
Mr. Trist.
After several inquiries and suggestions—
Mr. CLINGMAN said he had no disposition
to create delay; all he wished was, that before the
order was given to print, the whole of the docu-
ments should have been obtained. It had been
intimated that an Executive message now on the
Speaker's table contained the remainder of the
correspondence called for. He presumed it might
be now read by the general consent of the House;
and if such should turn out to be the fact, the whole
subject could be disposed of by oidering the print-
ing of an extra namber of the whole. He did not
wish to send out an extra number of an imperfect
correspondence.
The SPEAKER thereupon, by general consent,
laid before the House a message from the President
of the United States, communicating a report of
the Secretary of War, with accompanying docu-
ments, submitted by him as embracing the papers
and the correspondence between the Secretary of
War and Major General Scott, called for by the
resolution of the Houap of Representatives of the
17th instant.
The message and accompanying documents were
laid on the table, and the usual number ordered to
be printed.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved to amend the
report of the Committee on Printing, made on the
6th instant, recommending the printing of an extra
number of the correspondence between the Secre-
tary of War and Generals Scott and Taylor, and
between the Secretary of State and Mr. Trist, so
as to include the message and documents just laid
before the House.
After some suggestionsjithe motion was. laid
over until to-morrow.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the Commit-
tees for reports.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, from the
Committee of Claims, to which was referred a bill
for the relief of Jose Argote Yillalobos, Marie Rose,
Francois Felix, Marquis de Fougeres, their heirs
or legal representatives, reported the same back to
the House without amendment. Committed.
Also, from the same Committee, reported a bill
to provide for the settlement of claims against the
United States, and a bill for the relief of the widow
of Lieutenant Richard E. Cochran. Read and
committed.
Mr. LIGON, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill for the relief of John B. Smith
and Simeon Darden, reported the same back to the
House without amendment. Committed.
Mr. DANIEL, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the petition of A. Fenton.
Laid on the table.
Mr. HAMPTON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported a bill to refund
a penalty remitted by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to John Hurdorp. Read and committed.
Mr. GREGORY, from the same'committee, re-
ported bills for the relief of T^homas H. Leggett,
and for the relief of certain clerks in the New York
custom-house in the year 1841. Read and com-
mitted.
Mr. GRINNELL, from the same, committee,
reported a bill authorizing the erection of certain
light-houses,, and for other purposes. Read and
committed.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Ootnmittge on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill to create
the office of surveyor general of the public-lands in
the Territory of Oregon, and grant donation right?
to settlers therein, and for other purposes, reported
the same back to the House with an amendatory .
bill. Committed.
Also, from the same committee, reported a bill
in addition to an act therein named: [it relates to a
grant of land to the trustees of the Wabash and
Erie Canal Company.] Read and committed.
Also, from the same committee, reported a bill
in relation to military land warrants. Read a first
and second time.
Mr. C. asked to have the bill put upon its pas-
sage.
The question was put on ordering the bill to be
engrossed, and it was agreed to. The bill being
engrossed, was read a third time, passed, and sent
to the Senate for concurrence.
Mr. COLLAMER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill in addition to an act therein
named [i. e. concerning a grant of land to the trus-
tees of the Wabash and Erie Canal Company] was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. Agreed to.
Mrf C. would briefly explain the substance and
only object of this bill; and when it was under-
stood, he felt assured that no one would object to
the bill being at once put upon its passage. A
grant of land had been made by Congress to the
State of Illinois to aid in the construction of the
Erie and Wabash canal. The land granted was
to consist of alternate sections for five miles on each
side of the proposed route of the canal. Some por-
tion of this land the State got; but on examination
it was found that other portions of it were covered
by Indian reservations, while other portions be-
longed to preemptors. The windings of the canal
were such as rendered it impracticable for the State
to get, bounded by straight lines, the quantity of
land intended to be given, by allowing alternate
sections for five miles on each side of it. To make
up the deficit in quantity thus arising was the sole
purpose of the present bill, so that the canal com-
missioners might be enabled to complete their con-
tract for the construction of the canal.
After some suggestions by Mr. SIMS—
The bill was ordered to be engrossed; and was
engrossed, nead a third time, passed, and sent to
the Senate.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill for the relief of the widow
and children of Captain Robert Gray, the discov-
erer of the Columbia river. Rend and committed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, from the Commit-
tee on the Post Office anil Post Roads, reported a
bill to limit the amount of compensation to be paid
for the transportation of the mail over railroads
and on steamboats in certain cases. Read and
committed.
Mr. CHAPMAN, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a bill to continue,
alter, and amend the charter of the city of Wash-
ington. Read and committed.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported a bill to repeal in part
the 12th section of the act entitled "An act for the
regulation of seamen on board the public and pri-
vate vessels of the United States." Read and
committed.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL asked leave to offer
the following resolution:
Raolved, That bills reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary and referred to the Committee of%ie Whole" on
the state of the Union, be made the special order of the day
for the third Tuesday of May.
Being objected to, it was not received.
Mr. TAYLOR, from the same committee, to
, which was referred the bill of the House to change
j the place of holding the district court of the Unitid
| States for the middle district of Alabama, and for
other purposes, reported the same back to the
House with an amendment. Committed.
On motion of Mr. PETTIT, the Committee on
the Judiciary was discharged,from the considera-
tion of the resolution of the^ 13th of March, 1848,
directing them to inquire into the propriety of
allowing defendants in criminal cases m the courts
of the United States to examine witnesses in their
behalf on commission.
On- motion of Mr. KI1SG, of Massachusetts,
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims was dis-
charged from petitions of the heirs of Joseph
