680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
Frederick, deceased, and of the heirs of Jacob Nut- |
ter. Laid on the table.
Mr. BUTLER, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Thomas Jett, deceased. Read and com-
mitted. . -
Mr. IVERSON,from the same committee, made
adverse reports on -the petitions of the legal repre-
sentatives of William Shippen, deceased, and of
th^ heirs of William Campbell, deceased. Laid
on the table.
Mr. TALLMADGE reported a bill for the relief
of H. M. Salomon, legal representative of Haym
Salomon. Read and committed.
Mr. TOMPKINS, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to which was referred House
bill supplemental to an act to confirm the survey
and location of claims for land in the State of Mis-
sissippi, east of Pearl river and south of the 31st
degree of north latitude, approved March 3, 1845,
reported the same back to the House without
amendment. Committed.
Also, from the same committee, a bill amend-
atory of an act, approved on the 26th of May, 1824,
and re'enacted on the 17th of June, 1844, entitled
"An act enabling claimants to lands within the
limits of the State of Missouri and Territory of
Arkansas to institute proceedings to try the validity
of their claims." Read and committed.
Mr. WICK, from the same committee, made an
adverse report on the petition of George Green.
Laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. WICK, the Committee on
Private Land Claims was discharged from the let-
ter of George Green, relative to the claim of the
heirs of William McGee*, and that the petitioner
have leave to withdraw the same.
Mr. TOMPKINS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bitl supplemental to the act to con-
firm the survey and location of claims for land in
the State of Mississippi, east of Pearl river and
south of the 31st degree of north latitude, was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
After a short debate, by Messrs. DICKEY,
BROWN of Mississippi, and TOMPKINS, the
motion to reconsider was disagreed to.
Mr. RUMSEY, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, made an adverse report on the peti-
tion of Mary Toorea and Fredeiic Grove, heirs of
William McGhee, deceased. Laid on the table.
Mr. CATHCART, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Israel
Johnson. Read and committed
Mr. BARRINGER, fror& the same committee,
to which was referred the House bill for the relief j
of Abraham Hogeboom, deceased, reported the t
same back to the House without amendment, j
Committed.
Also, from the same committee, an adverse re-
port upon the petition of George McGuire. Laid
on the table.
Also, from the same committee, the following
resolution; which was lead and agreed to:
Resolved, Thatthr1 S;jciet-iry of War cnii^f to he commu-
nicated to tins Hou^o the oi Messrs. Brewster and
Harden, late commissioners appointed to adjudicate the
clatim arising under t!«e Cheiokee treaty of l&io-G.
Mr. MclLVAINE, from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution providing for the pay-
ment of certain deficiencies to the Shawnee Indians.
Read and committed.
Mr. BURT, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to which was referred the bill of the House
to provide %>r bringing home to the United States
the remains of the.deceased officers and soldiers of
our country who were killed in battle or who died
in Mexico during the present war, reported the \
same back to the House with the recommendation j
that it be laid on the table; and it was accordingly >
la^l on the table. " 1
Also, from the same committee, reported a bill
to establish ari arsenal of construction at Atalanta,
in the State of Georgia. Read and committed.
THE GENERALS OF THE ARMY.
Mr. B., from the same committee, reported the
following bill to amend the act entitled "An act
supplemental to an act entitled ' An act providing
for the prosecution of the existing war between
the United States and the Republic of Mexico,
and foi; other purposes
Be it enacted, fyc., That the proviso of the first section of
an act approved the 18th day of June, 3846, in the following
words: 4 That when the war with Mexico shall be termina-
ted by a definitive treaty of peace, duly concluded and rati- , j
fled, the number of major generals in the army shall be :j
reduced to one,'and the number of brigadier generals shall ,
be reduced to two; and the President of the United Stales
is authorized and directed to select from the whole number
winch may then be in office, without regard to date of their
commissions, the number to be retained, and cause the te-
mamder to be discharged from the service of the United
States," be and the same is hereby repealed.
The bill having been read through—
Mr. BURT said it was known to the House
that the act of the 18th June, 1846, directed that so
soon as a treaty of peace should have been con-
cluded with Mexico, the number of major generals,
which by that act was raised to two, should be
reduced to one, and the number of brigadier gen-
erals, which by that act was raised to four, should
be reduced to two. We were in constant expect-
ation of the ratification of a treaty of peace with
Mexico; and when that should have been accom-
plished, under the act of 1846, it would become the
imperative duty of the President to select from the
two Major Generals one to be retained, and from
the four Brigadier Generals two to be retained,
without leierence to the date of their commissions.
It would be seen that the terms of the act required
that a reduction of the Major and Brigadier Gen-
erals should be made, thereby anticipating consid-
eration by this House, when a treaty of peace
should be ratified, on the subject of a reduction of
the army to a peace establishment. There would
be no alternative, unless this bill should be passed,
and one or the other of the major generals—either
General Scott, or General Taylor—must, under the
proviso of the act of June 16, 1846, be discharged
from the service of the United States. It was
known to the House that Major General Taylor
received his appointment under the authority of
the act of 18th June, 1846. He was now a Major
General, and either he or General Scott must ne-
cessarily, unless this bill be passed, and the pro-
viso of the law of 1846 repealed, be^diseharged
from the service of the United States. He was
sure it was not the disposition of the House in ad-
vance to determine that either one or the other of
these Generals should be deprived of his commis-
sion and dismissed from the service.
Mr. BOYD moved to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, j
The effect of this bill would be to double the num- ;
ber of Major Generals and the Brigadier Generals !
over the number which were found in the service ;
when we entered into this war. To this he was j
opposed, and he therefore hoped it would be the '
pleasure of the House to send this bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole. ;
Mr. BURT begged to state to the House and to I
the gentleman from Kentucky that the reference of
this bill as proposed would be equivalent to its le-
jectign. It would pr<®uce that result thus: If the
bill, as it was reported from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, should be committed to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, it would
take its place on the calendar, and, according to
the order of the business of this House, he feared
it would not be reached during the presentsession. j
He therefore warned the House, if it meant to re-
ject this bill, and to superinduce the necessity of ;
one of those Major Generals going out of comrnis- ;
sion on the ratification of a treaty of peace with
Mexico, that to refer it to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union would effectually
accomplish it.
Mr. BOTTS said he should be surprised if the
House should adopt the motion of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Boyd.] It would be recol-
lected, that m the year 1846, an act was passed
supplemental to an act entitled " An act providing !
for the prosecution of the existing war between ;
the United States and the Republic of Mexico, and
for other purposes," in which there was a pro-
vision by which it was made the imperative duty •
of the President of the United States, on the ter- !
mination of the war with Mexico, to reduce the 1
number of major generals that might then be in i
commission to one, and the brigadier generals to
two, "and the-President of the United States is
' authorized and directed to select from the whole
1 number which may then be in office, without
' regard to the date of their commissions, the num- i
1 ber to be retained, and cause the remainder to be j
1 discharged from the service of the United States." i
Now, he had reason to believe that it was not the '
intention of the Congress by which this laV was i
passed to apply this provision to other than th« i,
regular service of the United States. He believed
it was not intended that the major generals and
brigadier generals of the volunteer forces should
be made to supersede those of the regular service;
and yet, it would be seen, so loose was the phrase-
ology of the act, it might be made to apply to the
whole number of generals in service at the termi-
nation of the war. If this war should cease to-
morrow, and information that a treaty of peace
had been ratified between this Government and
Mexico should come to us, the President of the
United States would have no alternative but to ,
discharge not only the volunteer officers, but one
of the major generals now in commission in the
regular service. Either Major General Scott or
Major General Taylor would be necessarily de-
prived of his commission. Now, he could not
bring himself to the belief that it was the purpose
of this House to require the President of the United
States to discharge either of those major generals,
and to exercise his discretion in the selection be-
tween them. And yet if this bill were not passed
it would be unavoidable, for by the law of 1846
the President had no discretion but to do it. The
promotion of Genera! Taylor from a brigadier's
commission to that of a major general, it was well
known, was the result of brilliant services, and he
understood the President was desirous to avoid
being placed in a position in which he would be
required to choose between General Scott and Gen-
eral Taylor.
Mr. CABELL. There will be no difficulty re-
specting that matter, for we shall make one the
President of these United States, and then the other
major general will remain of course.
Mr. BOTTS repeated that he understood the
President did not wish such duties to be lodged in
his hands, but there it would remain if this bill
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; for, in the language of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] such a
reference would be equivalent to its rejection. He
hoped the bill would be put upon its passage.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, hoped the bill would
not be put upon its passage, but that it would be
leferred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. If the treaty of peace should
be ratified, it would be the duty of the President
to act under the law of 1846, and if it were not
ratified, of course he would not be called upon to
act. But, suppose the treaty should be ratified,
and it became necessary to reduce the army—and
in such an event, he supposed all would agree that
such a necessity would present itself—was it for
this House, was it for the Qongress of the United
States to say, in reducing the army, which of those
officers shall be dismissed from the service? He
hoped it was not the purpose of any gentleman
there to retain all the officers and -men who had
been brought into the service since the war began.
And when it became necessary to make the reduc-
tion, would it be the province of Congress to des-
ignate who should go out' Would not that be
substantially to exeicise the appointing power,
which was now vested in the President of the Uni-
ted States—a power which, according to the Con-
stitution of the United States, could not be exercised
by Congress under any circumstances whatever?
He agreed with the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Botts,] that the law passed in 1846 was rather
anomalous in its terms. It provided that the two
major generals should be reduced to one, and the
four brigadier generals to two, and that number,
he conceived, would be amply sufficient. But this
anomalous act also provided that the President
should determine the person. This was riot, he
was aware, the proper time to discuss the merits
of this bill, nor the subject of the reduction of the
army. We did not know yet that we could reduce
the army, or that the circumstances would be such
as to require its reduction. But he desired that
this bill should go to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, that every member of
the House might have an opportunity to investi-
gate the subject. And if the treaty should be rati-
fied, and it it should not then be thought proper to
save both General Scott and General Taylor to the
service, and their friends should not make one of
them President, and leave the other necessarily in
commission, he would jay, leave it where the Con-
stitution of the United States left it, with the Presi-
dent of the United States.
Mr. STANTON was sorrjr to hear his honora-
ble colleague raise his voice "in opposition to this
