1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
681
bill. He was sorry, because he thought the cir-
cumstances were .such as to require this bill to be
passed immediately, without the slightest delay.
He was sure that no man on his side of the House
yflio considered the policy that it was proper for
them as a party to pursue, would desire that the
President, or that they themselves, should be re-
duced to the alternative of dismissing either Gen-
eral Taylor or General Scott from the service. Let
it be remembered, and he called the particular
attention of his colleague to the fact, that the law
of 1846, the operatien of a proviso of which it was
now deemed necessary to prevent, was passed be-
fore anything had been done by one of those distin-
guished men in the battle-fields of Mexico. Those
great battles, except those which procured for Gen-
eral Taylor the reward of a major general's com-
mission, had not then been fought. He repeated
that he did not believe it would be their policy,
speaking as a party, or in any other point of view,
he knew not that it would be consistent with the
gratitude due for the services of those distinguished
men, to dismiss either of them from the position
which they have attained. He had no hesitation
- to announce his disposition to retain both-of them
as long as they lived.
, Mr. JONES. I am not for that—that's certain.
Mr. STANTON. With the prestige of their
great services about them, he would not attempt to
dismiss them from the service under the operation
of that bill.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, said, as he in-
tended to vote to commit this bill to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, he felt
called upon to reply to the remarks of the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] and the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Botts.] He could
not agree with those gentlemen in their position,
that to refer a bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union was to defeat it. He did
not so understand the practice or the rules of this
House; and he desired to protest against such a
doctrine. Gentlemen need not warn the House of
the effect of particular votes; itis to be presumed,at
least, that, members understand not only the rules
of the House, but also their duty to the country.
If it be the defeat of a bill so to refer it, why, he
would ask, are all other bills referred ? Appro-
priation bills, " war bills," and others ofthe utmost
importance, are so referredand he had yet to
learn that such reference was intended to defeat
them, or that it would have that effect.
Mr. BOTTS desired permission to explain. The
gentleman from Alabama was aware that a rule ex-
isted by which bills were placed on the calendar in
the order of their reference, and that appropriation
bills could be taken up out of their older, giving
them the precedence over otheis that might have
been first reported. If, then, this bill should go to
the Committee of the Whole, it would take its
place behind all others, and probably it would not
be reached this session.
Mr. HOUSTON said he was aware of the ex-
istence and,terms of the rule referred to; but gen-
tlemen suiely expected tosdo more than pass the
appropriation bills before the adjournment of this
session. There was ample time, if it were indus-
triously used, to pass the war bills, the appropria-
tions, and all other important bills now before us;
and if this one had a majority of friends in the
House, no one could doubt but that it would be
passed before the adjournment; and this new doc-
trine, which gentlemen had advanced, existed only
in their imaginations, and not in the practice of
the House.
Mr. H. said he did not intend, on the present
occasion, to enter into a lengthened argument upon
the merits of this bill; he intended to vote against
it, and especially if pressed upon the House out-of
time and place, and without proper discussion,
withoutgiving members an opportunity to examine
into its merits or demerits. The gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] seemed astonished that
any one on this " side of the House" should be found
to vote against this bill. Does he mean to say that
this side of the House is, or should be, "for a large
standing army?" If so, he mistakes the position
of his political friends, at least so far as he (Mr.
H.) had any knowledge of their views upon this
subject. Mr. H. said, if he had been able to un-
derstand the position of the Democratic party in
relation to the army, it was, that they wanted a
large army m time of war, but a small one m time
Qf peace. They desired a small peace establishment.
He did not intend to say how large. He did not
say how much, if any larger, it should be after this
war should terminate than the old peace establish-
ment. That point was not now legitimately before
the House. When it shall come up, however, he
would be ready to act, and meet the responsibility
growing out of such action. He would repeat,
however, now, that he was opposed to a large army
in peace, and would vote to reduce it to a proper
standard when the time shall arrive which renders
it necessary. Our republican institutions forbid
the idea of a large peace army, the spirit and sen-
timent of the people forbid it.
We have been told that our policy, as a party,
requires the passage of this bill. Are such argu-
ments to be presented to influence the votes of the
representatives of freemen? Are parly feelings
to be appealed to for the purpose of passing or
defeating a bill, regardless of the great interest of
the country? If so, then indeed has the time ar-
rived for us to become alarmed for our country.
He said no one would doubt but that he was a good
party man. He was a party man, because he be-
lieved in the correctness of the principles of the
Democratic party. Yet he would not vote for a
bill through motives of policy which his judgment
condemned. He loved his party; but he loved his
country more. That gentleman said these distin-
guished generals had rendered important services
to the country since the law of 1846, which con-
tains the proviso now attempted to be repealed,
for which they should be retained during their
lives. Did he intend to say that these major gen-
erals and brigadier generals were appointed with
the view, understanding, or belief, that they were
not to render those distinguished services if an
opportunity should present itself? That seemed
to him to be a most extraordinary argument. Be-
cause they hn ve rendered these services,and because
the House of Representatives of tlie Congress of
the United States had not anticipated such extraor-
dinary services, therefore they ought not to be made
subject to the operation of that law. Was it not
expected by every member of Congress by whom
the act of 1846 was passed, that every officer, of
every kind—officers of companies and of regi-
ments, as well as general officers—would render
distinguished services, as these officers have done?
But there was another point of view in which
this subject presented itself. He had been present
in this House on previous occasions when propo-
sitions were made to reduce the army, or to reduce
the pay of the officers; and he knew that it would
be one of the most difficult undertakings in which
Congress could engage, to reduce it, at the termi-
nation of this war, to a peace establishment; and
if, therefore, they gave up the benefit of the pro-
vision of the law of 1846, they would throw them-
selves back on a position from which they would
have to start anew, and engage in a contest with
the army, fresh from the battle-field, covered, and
justly covered, with honor and glory, with all its
power and influence. In such a contest, he feared
they should fail. He was free to say, he regretted
to give a vote to disband either officers or soldiers
who might wish to letain their places; and, if he
were to consult his own personal feelings on the
subject, he would not do so. > But there are other
and higher interests at stake in this matter; the in-
terests of the country require it. In his view of
his duty, he had no discretion left him on that
subject.
JVlr. STANTON asked the gentleman from Ala-
bama if he thought, when the treaty should be
ratified, that such men as General Taylor and
General Scott should be dismissed from the service
of the United States;1 He desired a categorical
answer.
Mr. HOUSTON replied, that the law of 1846
created offices with the distinct provision that they
should be dispensed with at the close of the war,
and the officers brought down to a specified num-
ber. He would not say whether he would dis-
charge General Taylor or General Scott. He
would not say whom of the brigadiers he would
discharge. But the law of 1846, which created
these offices, made provision for the reduction of
the major generals to one, and the brigadier gen-
erals to two; and every one knew, on accepting
those offices, that, at the close of the war, the law
required the President to discharge that duty—a
duty which he had no doubt the President would
discharge. This law of 1846, it would be seen,
went beyond the major generals and brigadier gen-
erals, and provides for disbanding the army, ex-
cept a necessary peace establishment. But if they
now passed thi3 bill, he would inquire if our pres-
ent army was to be kept in the public service? t
When, where, and how, do gentlemen prppose
to reduce the army? Or do they intend tp reduce
it at all ? If a reduction be contemplated, why not
hold on to what we have? Why give up the ad-
vantages of the existing laws? Experience teaches
us that the great difficulty in the way of reducing
an American army is the influence of the officers.
They are generally men of great worth and influ-
ence, enlisting in their behalf many and warm
friends; and in that way influences are brought to
bear upon Congress which it cannot resist.
Mr. BOTTS thought he could relieve the mind
of the gentleman from Alabama. If this bill should
pass into a law, and repeal the original proviso t6
which it referred, the acts which created the volun-
teer forces would operate upon them, and they
would go out of the service as a matter of course
at the end of the war.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Virginia
said the volunteers would be disbanded at the end
of the war. He was aware of that; but this pro-
viso applies to the regular army, and not the vol-
unteers, and relates to more than major or brigadier
generals. He would ask, if the officers for their
brilliant services were to be retained for life, what
they should do with the men who had rendered val-
uable services to the country for a remuneration of
only eight dollars per month ? The men by thou-
sands and tens of thousands had undergone all the
hardships, and trials, and dangers of the campaign
and the battle-field for the poor pittance of eight
dollars per month; but they were to be disbanded—
they were to be thrown on their own resources!
There was no feeling exhibited forthem. But when
officers who received high salaries—major generals
and brigadier generals, and other officers of high
rank—were to be dismissed when their services
became unnecessary, when the Government had
no further use for them, the sympathy of certain
gentlemen in this House was greatly excited in
their behalf. Now, he held that if the men' were
to be discharged, the officers should go too. W e
have too many officers for a peace establishment.
Mr. STANTON was understood to remark that
the very men for whom the gentleman from Ala-
bama sympathized would not side with that gen-
tleman in his opposition to our two distinguished
major generals.
Mr. HOUSTON asked the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Stanton] if he was m favor of dis-
banding the soldiers, and discharging the officers of
lower grade, and retaining the field officers? Was
he willing to make so unnecessary and unjust a
distinction between different classes of the army—■
a distinction founded alone upon rank?
•Mr. STANTON replied, that the army would
necessarily be reduced at the end of the war; but
they would disappoint the hopes of the country,
they would shock the feelings of the country and
the patriotism of the people, and they would not
have the approbation of the soldiers themselves
who fought under General Taylor and General
Scott, if they dismissed either of them.
Mr. HOUSTON said the gentleman from Ten-
nessee had given a most extraordinary answer. In
fact, it was no answer at all. He was really at a
loss, too, to know how that gentleman had ascer-
tained the state of the feelings of the army respect-
ing the dismissal of some of its field officers. He
seemed to think that the men would not want to
be retained. Was it not as fair and reasonable to
presume that the officers would not want to be re-
tained on the peace establishment either ? To say
otherwise, was to make an assault upon them; for
it was an intimation that they desired to retain their
pay when their services were not required.
Mr. BURT was quite amazed* as he was sure
the House must be, at the warmth which the
gentleman from Alabama was getting up in his own
bosom in relation to this matter. He begged to
say to that gentleman, that there never was an
army in any civilized country—he defied any mil-
itary man or any civilian to show the contrary by
pointing to any civilized country on the face of the
earth—in which the number or officers in propor-
tion to the number of the troops was so small as
in the army of the United States. Why, through-
out the battles which had been fought m the valley
of Mexico, colonels were obliged to commandbri-
gades, captains regiments, and second lieutenants
