682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
companies, and so on. At the time when we had
but one major genefal, the military- establishment
of the United States consisted of 8,000 troops,
whereas the regular army was now 17,000; and if
the territory was acquired in Mexico which they
all supposed would be, he would undertake to say
that the Secretary of War—he had had no confer-
ence with him, but he would undertake to say that
the President of the United States and the Secre-
" tary of War, and everybody else who knew any-
thing on the subject, would inform the House that
an army of 20,000 troops would not be more than
sufficient for the defence of the territory of the
United States; and he would ask if an army of
15,000 or 20,000 men was to be commanded by one
major general? He submitted to the gentleman
from Alabama, that by the passage of this bill they
did not determine, nor was it necessary now to
discuss, what should constitute the peace estab-
lishment of the United States. That question
would remain until its consideration should neces-
sarily devolve upon them. When it should come
up, he should be prepared for it; but he would now
only repeat that the gentleman from Alabama was
mistaken when he complained that the number of
officers was too great in proportion to the number
of men.
• Mr. HOUSTON said, the gentleman from South
Carolina did not present the real issue, as he un-
derstood it, which was contained in this bill. He
had epolten of the disparity of the number of offi-
cers and men in the army of the United States,
when compared with the armies of other nations;
but if he were to ask the gentleman from South
Carolina if he would have been willing to increase
the number of officers, if the war with Mexico had
not taken place, he should be at no loss to deter-
mine what his answer would be. That gentleman,
he supposed, would not have been willing to in-
crease the number of officers on a peace establish-
ment; but the ground which he had now assumed
was, that as they were there, they should remain.
That gentleman had also stated, that during the j
war with Mexico, subordinate officers had been
compelled to command larger divisions than be-
longed to their rank. Would he be pleased to
inform tlie House why that was so? Did it not
proceed from the fact that there were not officers
sufficient on the field, in consequence of the incom-
petency of some, and the absence of others, who,
while holding commissions under the Government
of the United States, were unable to serve the
country in Mexico?
Mr. BURT remarked that everybody knew that
these major generals and brigadier generals were
ifi the field in Mexico.
Mr. HOUSTON knew and acknowledged that
fact; he neither made nor intimated a charge against
either of them; he was proud to honor them as
skillful and brave generals, who had discharged *a
faithful duty. But why retain the general officers,
and discharge the various valiant officers of regi-
ments, battalions, and companies?
If brilliant services were to be rewarded by re-
tention in the service, wjiynotreward to the lowest
grade of office? Justice requires that the same
daring conduct, the same brilliant service, should
meet the same reward, whether performed by one
high in l-ank, or low in rank. He intended to
speak in military phrase.
This was not all. He would ask, why discharge
the men—the common soldier—and not the offi-
cer ? If we have no men, or but lew men, we will
want but few officers; and it follows, that to re-
tain some andnotothers, expressly upon theground
of brilliant services, when it 13 conceded that their
services are 110 longer needed by the country, will 1
be drawing an unjust distinction between merito- i
rious men in favor of those retained. Mr. H. de- ■
sired to inquire ofgentlemen what brilliant services
had been rendered by the officers in which the sol-
diers—the rank and file, as they are called—did
not largely participate, and to which they did not
contribute in the proportion of forty-nine fiftieths,
if not ninety-nine hundredths? Look to your bat-
tle-fields in Mexico, moistened with their blood,
and whitened with their bones. Look to your
meagre muster-rolls; look to the reports of your
commanding officers; they will tell how these bril-
liant victories were won, for which this House
seemed disposed to honor the officers and neglect |]PmPn knpw ~~ -
the soldier. When the honor and glory are to be !1 i .u 7 • y mig^ ' - ey knew
disputed, the brave soldier and officer of lower || violel struts £luron-TaT I"
rank, whose daring and noble acts should entitle .! it was important that tlj  ation,Xated as sh^
them to a liberal share, are turned off without even
the mention of their names. These things should
not be. It is inflicting upon the soldier gross, rank
injustice to keep it up. He asked the members of
this House to bring this thing home to their own
districts. He called upon them to look around in
the circle of their own acquaintance, and see if
they could not point to hundreds and thousands of
as brave and patriotic men as ever breathed—men
who had greatly distinguished themselves in this
war—men who had performed as brilliant services
for the country as man could perform; and they
are to be disbanded without a seeming regret from
any quarter. The gentleman from Tennessee says
they are discharged under the law as a matter of
course. The same is true in regard to the officers;
and this bill is intended to prevent that result—re-
peal that law as to the field officers, and let the
rest go. He hoped not. He hoped gentlemen
would let it take its course as other bills, and in
committee undergo that discussion and examina-
tion to which its importance entitled it.
Mr. H.^said it mattered not how brave and skill-
ful the general might be, yet if his men should re-
fuse to fight—if they should run away—he would
never receive, or be considered by the country as
entitled to receive, honor at the hands of the peo-
ple. Successful conflicts—battles with the enemy
insure the glory; yet the soldiers, who make these
battles successful, seem to be forgotten as soon as
the victory is won. The more he investigated this
proposition, the more he was indisposed to agree
to it. He never would, so long as he had a seat on
this floor, bring himself [to draw*such odious dis-
tinctions between men. He had no hostility to
the generals. He believed they deserved well of
the country. But he also believed that if the num-
ber of men was brought down, the officers should
be reduced also.
Mr. HOLMES next rose to address the House.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON rose to a question
of order. He believed the hour appropriated to
the reception of reports from committees had ex-
pired, and, therefore, he called for the regular
! orders.
I The SPEAKER overruled the point of order.
[ No such limitation existed as the gentleman
i seemed to suppose, and the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Holmes] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, said, when
this question was first presented he really hoped
that it would have passed without the slightest
difficulty. But-the opposition to it was too mani-
fest; and the object of transferring it to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
it was evident, was, by speeches to be made upon
it, ultimately to defeat it. The gentleman who
had just spoken told the House that he would put
the army back to the peace establishment as it
stood before the war, and there was not one gen-
} tleman who had spoken in opposition to the im-
: mediate passage of the bill who had not shown a
j determination to subject the President to the alter-
| native of deciding between the two major generals,
j and the question was one of momentous import-
; ance. When we were about to enter upon this
! war, the act of the 18th of June, 1846, was passed,
j providing that on the termination of the war the
j army should be ipso facto reduced. But the cir-
j cumstances existing then did not now exist. To-
i morrow, if news of the ratification of a treaty of
i peace should come, the army would be reduced by
virtue of the law of 1846, without reference to the
relation we now bear to the world. Why, to-
morrow a message might be expected from the
President of the United States, if it had not al-
ready come, about the condition of Yucatan. The
Yucatanese have sent out to this country a mes-
senger, and now were holding out their hands im-
ploring our aid. Would they permit that people
to be exposed to entire annihilation? Did any
gentleman believe that the American people, after
taking possession of their ports and their seacoast,
I preventing them obtaining arms, whereby to
defend themselves against the Indians, would stand
coldly by* and ^be them sacrificed and given up to
destruction ?
^ain: let this bill go the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and there it
would sleep as in the tomb of the Capulets. Gen-
was by her recent victories, should retain a posi-
tion to vindicate her honor, if, as in the last con-
flict, our commerce should be subjected to insult,
and our seamen to impressment. At this crisis,
when the depths of power in Europe were being
broken up, an army of 8,000 men was not suffi-
cient to enable us to stand in that proud position
which became us, and which made us the admira-
tion of the world.
But, important as this general consideration was,
there was a particular one, too, that deserved some
reflection. He was no friend? no professed friend
to the President; but he would not, if he were the
President's worst enemy, do what his professed
friends on this floor wished to do. They wanted
to subject the President, at a time of great excite-
ment, when the characters and meritsof the respect-
ive major generals were before the people in the
high attitude of candidates for the Presidency, in
which the President himself stood—at such a time
they would subject tfre President to the painful
alternative, in obedience to a law, to determine
which of them should be dismissed. God save
him from such friends! He repeated that he was
no professed friend to the President; but if he was
his greatest enemy he would not subject him to
such an alternative. * 'Every consideration, there-
fore, of both a general ana a particular nature,
seemed to forbid them from entering upon the
course which had been suggested; the position of
this country, in view of its foreign relations, and
generosity towards one in the high position in
which the President was placed, urged them not
to send this bill to the Committee of the Whole,
which, he repeated, would be to it the tomb of the
Capulets.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, thought this debate had
gone far enough. They were wasting the time of the
House on incidental questions as they arose, and
the important bills of the session were making no
progress. The House had occupied as much time
on this subject as it was proper to devote to it.
Therefore he felt bound to move the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER announced that the previous
question, if sustained, would bring the House to
the question of the engrossment of the bill for a
third reading.
Mr. McKAY desired the gentleman from Geor-
gia to withdraw that motion, to give him an oppor-
tunity to move an amendment. [" No, no."] If
the gentleman would consent, he would promise to
renew it.
Mr. KING said if the gentleman would renew it,
he would withdraw the motion.
Mr. McKAY thanked the gentleman from Geor-
gia for the privilege he had given him to attempt an
amendment of this "bill, as it came from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. After recapitulating
the provisions of the bill of 1846, and of the bill
.under consideration, he said he was not going to
express any opinion as to what ought to be a peace
establishment for this country on the ratification of
a treaty of peace with Mexico, though he believed
that must come up and be determined during the
present session.
What he was now about to propose, and it ap-
peared to him to be a reasonable proposition, was,
not that the proviso of the act of 1846 should be
repealed, but that its operation, or, in other words,
its enforcement, should be suspended for some
reasonable time after the ratification of a treaty of
peace; and, in the mean time, Congress could de-
cide what military force should be retained as a
peace establishment, or whether the army should
be reduced to that condition in which it was before
the commencement of this war.
Mr. BOTTS desired to interrupt the gentleman
from North Carolina, who was under a pledge to
renew the motion for the previous question when
he had finished his remarks, to say, that if this
bill should pass into a law, it would still be the
duty of the Committee on Military Affairs to bring
in a bill to provide a -peace establishment on the
ratification of a treaty of peace with Mexico, and
it could be just as well done after the repeal of this
proviso as now.
Mr. McKAY hoped the proviso would not be
repealed, and then it would become the duty of
the President to dismiss one of the major generals
and two of the brigadier generals. -
Mr. KING, of Georgia, interposed and said,
when he withdrew the motion for the previous
question, it-was- to allow the gentleman from North
