THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT TIHTE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congksss, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, APRIL 29, 1048.
New Series No. 44.
be all done over again, which would greatly aug-
ment the expense.
Mr, HOUSTON thought it rather extraordinary
for gentlemen on the Whig side of the House to
ask him to withdraw his call for the previous ques-
tion. Surely the gentleman from North Carolina
had spoken very abundantly on the resolution to
print.
Mr. HILLIARD wished to ask his colleague
one question.
The CHAIR said this could not be permitted,
unless the call for the previous question was with-
drawn.
Mr. YINTO_N moved that the House now go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; but the motion did not prevail.
And the question being on seconding the call, it
was decided in the negative: Ayes fiO, noes 67.
Mr. STEPHENS moved to amend the amend-
ment of Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, by adding:
" And also 10,000 copies of House document 196,1st scs
sion 29th Congress; House document 119,2d sesbion £9th
Congress; and House document 37, 1st session 3Utii Con-
gress—the same comprising all the correspondence between
the Secretary of War and other.officers of the Government
upon the subject of the war, so far as the same may have
been made public."
Mr. STEPHENS was in favor of the publica-
tion of the extra number of this document, as re-
ported by the Committee on Printing. He did not
concur with his friend on his right [Mr. Conger]
as to the expense. He thought ten thousand extra
copies of the document now on their table should
be printed; and also ten thousand extra copies of
the communication embraced in the amendment of
his colleague [Mr. Cobb] yesterday; und also ten
thousand copies of the documents embraced in the
amendment lie (Mr. S.) had just submitted. He
would state to the House that tho documents em-
braced in his amendment were the documents ac-
companying the war message in May, 1846. He
had repeatedly, during the present session of Con-
gress, received demands for this document. It also
embraced the correspondence submitted to Con-
tress during the last session between Generals
cott, Taylor, and other officers of the army, and
the-Department of War, of which no extra copies
had ever been printed. If the amendment he had
submitted passed, there would then be imbod-
ied in one document all the correspondence on
the subject of the war; and, for one, lie cared not
what the expense might be, provided there was no
extravagance in the charges for printing. He
wished all the correspondence to go before the
country. It was suggested, that perhaps all the
correspondence had not yet been sent in. It might
be so. He feared it had not. But he would send
to the country everything as it came. He would
get all he could, and give to the country all he
got.
On a former occasion he had alluded to the sin-
gular, the strange fact, that the Secretary of War
had been called to send in all the correspondence,
and had failed to do it, but had authorized a mem-
ber on this floor to announce to the country that
he had received certain of the letters called for
from him (the Secretary) in a private way, and
that they had been read by that member to the
House. The gentleman from North Carolina had
alluded to the same fact to-day; and the gentleman
from Alabama thereupon had risen, and made the
apology that the letters which the Secretary of
War or the President had furnished to General
Pillow, and with which-this House had not been
intrusted, related to General Pillow.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, interposing, said
lie had spoken only of what he had seen of the pro-
ceedings of the trial, and from no other source of
information. .
Mr. STEPHENS said he, too, was speaking
only of this thing. At that time he had not known
that such a letter existed; light was continually
breaking in on all sides. He wished the House
and the country to call to remembrance how long
this House had been imposed upon by the Presi-
dent. The only excuse for these letters having
been withheld was, that they related to General
Pillow Was it not known to the President and
44
the country that a resolution was upon the Speak-
er's table giving the thanks of the country to Gen-
eral Pillow ? And if such information was in the
archives of the Government, relating to the con-
duct of General Pillow, was it not due to the
House that they should have known all the facts,
especially when they had, by resolution, made an
express call for them ? He asked the gentleman
from Alabama and the House if there was any
reason why the Secretary of War should have
withheld from the House those letters? In his
opnfion, it only aggravated the conduct of the
President; it was only another reason why the
public indignation should be brought down upon
the Admimstiation; he thought it deserved it.
f-Iow many such letters might be in the archives
of tho Government he did not know; but here was
a very singular fact, to which he again called at-
tention—that while resolutions were pending to
vote the thanks of this Congress to General Pil-
low, charges which had been made against him
were in the possession of the Secretary of War
and the President of the gravest character; charges
which brought and attached infamy to his name;
and when they asked for all the correspondence in
relation to thin matter—in other words, when these
very letters were embraced in the call, the Presi-
dent sent in a message that it was inconsistent
with the public interest that this House should
know that the darling of his eye was of suc.h an
infamous character! The Representatives of the
people, when they called on the Chief Magistrate
to furnish all tho information which might be in
the archives of the Government on a particular
subjcct, received answer that all was sent in which
was consistent with the public interest. What
was the interpretation of this? Why, that it was
inconsistent with the public interests that the Rep-
resentatives of the nation should know that these
charges had been made by Mr. Trist against Gen-
eral Pillow. He would not detain the House: he
only wished to say, that the gentleman from Ala-
bama's excuse for the President only aggravated
the offence.
Mr. HILLIARD (the floor being yielded)
wished to suggest another thought to the gentle-
man from Georgia. If the resolution prevailed, he
understood it to embracc the recent letter of the
Secretary of War—a letter which appeared not
•only not to have been written at the time the resolu-
tion making the call was offered and passed by the
House, but which appeared not to have been writ-
ten until after the motion to print an extra number
of copies had been made; and the House were
now called upon to give that letter to the public as
a part of the correspondence which had already
taken place between the Secretary of War and
General Scott.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama. Does that letter
pinch a little too tight ?
Mr. HILLIARD replied, not in the least de-
gree; but he was indignant at the effort that had
been made to put that letter before the country as
having been written at the time the call was made.
With the greatest regard for his colleague and for
the services which he had rendered to his party,
he must express the hope to his friend from Geor-
gia [Mr. Stephens] that that letter would not be
given to the public by this House as a part of the
correspondence which had taken place previous to
the call. The Government controlled its press; let
it be given to the public through that medium. He
was no partisan of the distinguished General whom
it was intended to wound; but he did trust that this
House would never suffer itself so far to lose its
own self-respect as to publish in the way proposed
a letter sent in under circumstances of this kind.
Mr. HOUSTON desired to say, if his colleague
had rested until he had examined the lesolution
constituting the call, possibly he would have seen
that that call was expressly intended to embrace
the answer of the Secretary of War 
Mr. HILLIARD. Was it then written?
Mr. HOUSTON, (continuing his reply.) It was
at the instance of his friend from Georgia [Mr.
Cobb] that it was so modified as to .embrace the
reply of th® Secretary of War.
Mr. HILLIARD. Was that reply then writ-
ten ?
Mr. HOUSTON, (playfully.) Whenever the
gentleman takes his seat I will go on.
Mr. HILLIARD repeated that he desired to
avail himself of the courtesy of his colleague to.in-
quire whether the letter of the Secretary of War,
which he now sought to have printed as a part of
the correspondence communicated under this call,
was actually written at the time the call was made ?
Mr. HOUSTON replied that he had a very
pregnant answer to that question. It reminded
him of the echo of his friend from New Jersey to
the question, "Where?" Echo answered, I don't
know. Now, that was his answer: he did not
know except from the correspondence as it ap-
peared on its face; nor did anybody else.
Mr. HILLIARD. Will my colleague allow me
one word ?
Mr HOUSTON. Certainly.
Mr. HILLIARD. Those of us who happen to
know that that letter was not written until a subse-
quent period will not feel at liberty to vote for its
publication as if legitimately received under the
call. And the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Clingman] affirms positively that such was the
fact. I do not, therefore, feel at liberty to consider
it embraced in the call.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does my colleague say lib
knows it was not written at the time of the call?
Mr. HILLIARD. I rely on the affirmation of
the gentleman from North Carolina most positive-
ly made—made without qualification, that it was
not.
Mr. CLINGMAN (the floor being yielded) said
the gentleman from Alabama correctly understood
him. He had no knowledge when it was written
except from its face; but on its face it was dated
the 21st of April—/omi- days after the passage of the
resolution calling on the President for the corre-
spondence, and while the motion to print an extra
number was pending.
Mr. HOUSTON (resuming) said his colleague
then found he had gone off a little too soon—that
he had been rather too quick on the trigger. It had
come out, then, that the gentleman knew as much
as he (Mr. H.) did, and the gentleman from North
Carolina knew no more as to when the letter was
written.
His main purpose was to make one suggestion
to his friend from Georgia, TMr. Stephens,] and
that was, that the gentleman's complaint growing
out of the fact that General Pillow had read ex-
tracts from the letters before the court of inquiry
now sitting in Mexico seemed to him to be not a
substantial one, and for a reason which he would
o-ive in half a dozen words. In the first place, it
must have occurred to the gentleman from Georgia
that if the charges were made against one of the
officers in Mexico, or anywhere else, it would have
been the duty of the President to furnish him such
charges; and in the next place, that the extracts
furnished could notanswer the purpose there, unless
they were" used in such a manner as to be made
public; and if they were made public here or else-
where, it certainly could not be true that there was
any design on the part of the Administration to
deceive or withhold them from the country.
Mr. STEPHENS resumed the floor, and in reply
to the gentleman from Alabama would barely ask—
he put it to the gentleman's own candor as well as
to the candor of the House—was it not dye to this
House, if charges had been made against General
Pillow in Mexico, that this House should have
been informed of them, when it was well known
there were resolutions pending before it giving the
thanks of Congress to that officer? -
Mr. HOUSTON would say that those charges
were publicly made in Mexico, and General Pdow
was arrestedundcr them by General Scott. They
came from a source certainly entitled to high ore
dence by the gentleman and his party, and would
"6mT ST^PHENShad spoken of the letter of Mr.
Trist to Mr. Buchanan, in which he had brought
to the attention of the President grave charges
against General Pillow—charges of infamy. That
