690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
letter, those charges, had been kept secret from
this House, and a copy of them they had never yet-
received. The only information they had oi them
was, that Major General Pillow had them in his
pocket in Mexico. They were published in Mex-
ico before they were known here. Now, what he
asked of the gentleman, of this House, and what
he intended to ask of the country, was, as the rep-
resentatives of the people had made a call on Mr.
Polk for this whole correspondence between Mr.
Trist, General Scott, and the Department of War,
how did he dare withhold that letter? There was
but one ground on which he could attempt to justify
himself: that was, that it would be detrimental to
the public interest to communicate it. He had been
called upon to furnish all the correspondence. He
repeated, he asked the gentleman and the House
jf it was inconsistent with the public interest that
this House should know that Mr. Trist had brought
these grave charges against General Pillow ? That
was the question. If it was not inconsistent with
the public interests that this House should know
the fact, how could gentlemen dare defend the
President? They could not do it.
Mr. HOUSTON, again interposing, (and Mr. S.
yielding,) suggested to the gentleman—with no
other view, he remarked, than to get at the light
of the case—whether it would have been consistent
with the true principles of law and of justicc, when
General Pillow had been arrested, under charges
made by General Seott or anybody else, when he
was to be arraigned before a court for trial, would
it have been consistent with the rules of law or
justice for the President of the United States or the
Secretary of State to have published the statement
of a witness in advance of the trial? Mr. Tnst
had been examined since that time as a witness.
"Would not the publication of his charges in ad-
vance of the trial have had the effect of prejudicing
the public mind against General Pillow ? And, in
thisview, would it have been consistentwith equity
and with law m the President to have made such
publication ?
Mr. STEPHENS. Would it interfere at all
with the testimony of a witness—if Mr. Ti ist was
a witness, would it have interfeicd at ali with law,
equity, or justice, that what he had written should
have been published ? Why, its publication might
have been directly subservient to justice, by en-
abling his testimony to be contradicted, if incor-
rect.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does not the gentleman from
Georgia know that it is the umveisal practice of
the courts, in trials involving the reputation, life,
or liberty of one of our citizens, to use extraordi-
nary powers to prevent the publication of the tes-
timony of the witness in advance of his trial ? And
that even in advance of the trial the newspapers
are notpermittcd to publish a statement of the facts
in such cases ?
Mr. STEPHENS said the gentleman from Ala-
bama might make as many excuses as he pleased
for Mr. Polk; they did not answer the point he (Mr.
S.) put to hmi. How did the Piesident escape
from his responsibility to thi^s House? Had he not
bid deiianee to it? That was the question. Had
they not a light to that letter which they had called
for? He went one step further, and he put it to
the gentleman, was it not required by the rights of
the House and the people, and the duty of the
President, when a resolution was pending on the
Speaker's table, and known doubtless to the Pres-
ident, of thanks to that ollicer—which m'uht have
been taken up any day—that they should be in-
formed of those gross charges, coming from a man
wiio had been put in such a high posu>s Mr. Tnst
had been by the President himself ? Suppose thev
had gone on in the dark and voted the thanks of
Congress to a man who had drawn down such
infamy upon himself, how would gentlemen have
felt? flow would the House have been degraded
by the act of the President himself in faitmg to
perform a high bounden duty5 And how did^the
President daie withhold it when they hud asked for
it ? No other excuse could be gnen in any case than
that its publication was inconsistent with the pub-
lic interests; and the President could make no pre-
tence that thtft excuse txisled here, because he had
himself, while he had withheld it from the House,
communicated it to this officer, and through him
it had been made public, first m Mexico.
Now, in regard to the remarks of the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Hilli vun] as to the publica-
tion of this long letter—which seemed very long—■
he was in favor of publishing it. He disagreed
with his friend from Alabama. Notwithstanding
it bore date April 21, four days after the call of
this House—notwithstanding it was evidently got
up to patch up the whole business—yet, for one,
he was in favor of publishing it. The Secretary
'of War might write as many more as he pleased,
in answer to General Scott, or any other officer, j
and attempt to bolster up his conduct: he should j
not be opposed to giving the information to the coun- j
try. He had not yet had time to read it; but he «
knew this, that if the Secretary of War could ex- {
plain the conduct of the Administration, he was j
willing to hear him, although in a letter of twenty, ;
thirty, or forty pages, as this was; and he wanted j
the whole matter to the published to the coun- :
try. !
Mr. McLANE (the floor having been yielded) ;
wished to call the,attention of the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Hilliard] to the language of the
call on the department tor tliis correspondence.
The House would remember, that when the gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. Clingma#] pro-
posed this resolution, he-(Mr. McL.) was very
anxious tliat the whole of this correspondence be-
tween General Scott and the War Department
should go before the country—all of it together.
Mr. HILLIARD, interposing, wished, at this
precise point, to ask the gentleman from Maryland
u question, and (Mr. McL. yielding) said that
question was, whether the gentleman at the time
believed that if the call on the part of the House
for this correspondence took place, it could by any
possible construction be made to embrace a letter
which was not written until a period subsequent to
that call.
Mr. McLANE continued. The resolution of the
gentleman from Noith Carolina having been read
at the Clerk's table, after an explanation from him
that he wished the whole correspondence, he (Mr.
McL.) had called the attention of the gentleman
fiom North Carolina to the second resolution, (for
there were two,) which called specilically for the
despatches written by Geneial Scott subsequently
to ins arrest and suspension; and had requested
the gentleman to modify that resolution, so as to
bring to this House the reply of hie Sccretaiy of
War to such despatches.
Mr. MILLIARD, (interrupting.) Had there
been a reply?
Mr. McLANE leplied, he had n© disposition to
evade the question. He wished only that the gen-
tleman from Alabama should hear read the Jirst
and second resolutions, and he wished him then to
say whether, m his judgment, the second resolu-
tion did not cover tiie reply of the Secretary oi
War which had been received. Assuming that it
was finished on the 24th April, and tnat the cali
was made on the 17th, he doubted not that it was
being written on the 17th, and he could not see
that it mattered whether it was wtioli-y written
or m part, or whether wholly copied or in part, on
the day the call was made. The second resolution
was lead, as follows :
IlciolieJ, fui iher, That the Piei-ident be requested in like
manner to turnu-ii cujucs ui any cuuespondenee that may
have taken place recent!} hetueen General Scott ami die
fceeiLta'V ol VVai with reieience to the change oi command-
er-.-in chief in M<..ueo; and all kttcia ieccive.1 nom On-
eiai Scut, eitntr dnecily tiom him or tiaiifinuted by any
otuei peuun, dated pnoi or suh^iuenl to i.is. suspension ur
rcimnai horn the command ol the atmy in the vicinity ot
Mexico ; and atso the icpiie< ot the Societal} of YVlu there-
to, and ail other eonespondence between General Scott and
the skeictaiy oi War nut heretofore communicated to (Jon-
Mr. STEPHENS understood that the resolu-
tion, as modified, coiled tor the reply of the Secre-
tary of War to General Scott. Would the gentle-
man from Maryland inform him whether he [Mr.
McLane] was at that time apprized that there i
would be a leply, and that one had not then been |
made? :
Mr. McLANE replied, that he had had no spe- ,
ciftc information. He did know, perhaps, as well ;
as the gentleman fiom North Carolina, that de- ,
spatcnes had been received from General Scott sub- ;
sequent to his an est, and he did know the fact, >
in the natural course of things, apart from any !
personal intercourse, that a reply would be a veiy ;
natural sequel to the reception of that despatch.
But he had no trouble at all m saying that he did ,
know the fact that the letter of General Scott would |
i>e lepheri to, and he did communicate that fact to |
the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Cling- I
man.] and ask hmi to call for that reply. j
Mr. CLINGMAN said he had certainly never
understood from the gentleman from Maryland that
a reply was to be written. The gentleman, or
some other gentleman, did say that he wished to
embrace a reply which was then written. He had
never dreamed that the Secretary of War was go-
ing to work after that to get up a reply. He had
made the resolution broad enough to cover the
whole correspondence which had taken place*
Mr. McLANE did not want to rest on the ques-
tion as to whether the reply was then written or
not wiitten. fie submitted to the gentleman from
North Carolina whether he (Mr. McL.) did not
ask him to embrace a reply to all the letters called
for ?
Mr. CLINGMAN repeated that the gentleman,
or some other gentleman, did make the suggestion
that the resolution should include the whole corre-
spondence, and he did so modify it; but he had
never dreamed that any reply was to be written
theieafter. The resolution was intended to em-
brace, and did embrace, all the correspondence
which had then taken place.
Mr. McLANE. Was not the despatch here com-
municated, to which the letter of the Secietary of
War of the 21st April was an answer, designed to
be called for?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Certainly.
Mr. McLANE. Then did not the gentleman
from North Carolina understand that! wished the
reply ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I intended to call for ail the
letters that had been written by General Scott and
ali that had been written by the War Department;
for all the existing correspondence.
I Mr. McLANE. Would the gentleman from
. North Carolina have me understand that he did not
| want a reply that might be written ?
[ Mr. CLINGMAN. I knew nothing about the
; particular letter, whether it had been answered or
i not. I wanted to get all that had been written, but
i I did not suppose that there was any parliamentary
J rule which would justify my calling for letters
i which did not exist, and having them manufac-
! tured, gotten up to order. I do not believe we
have any such power.
After some further conversation between Mr.
CLINGMAN and Mr. McLANE on this point—
Mr. STEPHENS resumed. He thought the
House very well understood the position of the
gentleman "fiom North Carolina and the gentleman
from Maryland. There was nothing impioper in
; the gentleman from Maryland getting the gentle-
man from North Carolina to modify his originaL
resolution so as to embrace the reply. But he
asked the gentleman from Maryland if he at that
! time even dreamed of calling for anything that had
to be written afterwards, by the modification which
j he had proposed to the resolution ?
| Mr. McLANE would answer with great cheer-
j fulness. He had designed to reach the reply of
! the 21st "April-—the reply to the despatch of Gen-
i eral Scott, which they had obtained.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, here interposed,
i with a call for the oiders of the day, and moved
! that the House resolve itself into Committee of the
: Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER stated that that motion was in
, order.
Mr. STEPHENS. Can the gentleman get the
■ floor to make the motion ?
, The SPEAKER replied that after one hour de-
i voted to reports the orders of the day might be
I called for, and the motion to go into committee
; might be made.
The motion was accordingly put, and lejected.
The question then jecumng on the resolution
' and amendments—
Mr. STEPHENS repeated the question, Did
he then understand the gentleman from Maryland
to state that he expected something to be sent in
which was not then written?
Mr. McLANE replied that he had no mental
reservation whatever. It had never entered into
his mind to inqune whether that despatch was
whojly written or not, and he had not known
whether it was wholly written or not. He only
knew that the gentleman from North Carolina
declared that the despatch received from General
Scott was the despatch called for in the resolution
as read from the Clerk's table; and he had design-
ed in good faith to have the reply of the Secretary
of War to that paper from General Scott, dated in
Mexico after his arrest.
