694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
the
settlement of his accounts upon the principles
which was referred to the
of justice and equity;
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. MOOR presented a memorial of citizens of
Ellsworth, Maine, and a memorial ef citizens of
Ban'or, Maine, remonstrating against the admis-
sion"of lumber cut in the State of Maine, and
manufactured in the British province of New
Brunswick, into the ports of the United States free
of duty; which were referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. HALE presented the petition of inhabit-
ants of Winnebago county, Illinois, praying the
enactment of a law prohibiting the acquisition of
any new territory by the United States, unless on
condition that slavery be forever excluded there-
from; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Also, a petition of inhabitants of Winnebago
county, Illinois, praying that two slaves, sold to
satisfy a judgment in favor of the United States
against the estate of a debtor to the Government,
may be emancipated, and the money refunded to
the purchasers; also, the' enactment "of a law to
prohibit the sale of that species of property for
any debt to the Government, and to forbid the
holding of slaves by any oiScer of 'the United
States; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Also, the petition of inhabitants of Winnebago
eounty, Illinois, praying the repeal of all laws that
authorize or recognize slavery, except as a pun-
ishment for crime; the motion to receive which
■was ordered to lie on the table.
On motion of Mr. MOOR, it was
Ordered, That the petition, of the heirs of Jolin Riggs,
deceased, on the files of the Senate, be leferred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
INTERNATIONAL EXCHANGES.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be authorized
and directed to purchase one iiundud copies oi Hickev's
■edition of the Constitution oi the United States, and to do-
liver the same, in the name of the Senate of the Umied
States, to Mr. Alexandre Vattundri', of Paris, to he dis-
tributed by linn m France, according to ins system of
national exchanges of books.
FIRE-ARMS FOR THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. CLAYTON submitted the following re&o- j
lution for consideration: ]
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he hereby 1
is, directed to report to Congress— j
First. How many public armories there are belonging to ;
the United States in which tire-arms are manufactured, ami
where the same are located, and the date of commencing
manufacturing operations in euch.
Second. How much actual capital is and has been in-
vested m such armories, and what proportion in each for
sites, buildings, power, permanent machinery, &c.; speci-
fying the amounts under separate heads to date of repoit.
Third. How much money has been expended annually in
each of said armories iw the manufacture of arm-, m sala-
ries, wages, and materials, or in any of the elements enter-
ing into all the current e.xpenses of manufacturing >uch
arms, independently of fixed capital and the lntmeat theie-
on.
Fourth. Plow many small arms have been produced an-
nually from each or the said armories, all the cost or con-
struction, and how many of the wrious descriptions of
afrms, ana oi what descriptions, are now in serviceable con-
dition.
Fifth. What number of arms have been condemned from
time to time, and what disposition has been made of con-
demned arms at the Government ainiories, and if sold, at
what prices.
Sixth. How many <mall arms and munitions of war have
been procured from other sources than tromthe Government
armories; and from what sources and in what amounts; if
by private contract?, at what prices Toi each description ; if
from other Governments, from which, and at what price.
VENTILATION OF VESSELS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom was referred the
bill from the House of Representatives to provide
for the ventilation of passenger-vessels and for other
purposes, reported it,"with amendments.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Adassachusetts, it
was
Ordered, That the further consideration of said bill be
postponed to, and be made the ordet ot the day for, Monday,
the 1st of May.
FOREIGN MAILS.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill from the House of Representatives to amend
the act to provide for the transportation of the
mail, between the United States and foreign coun-
reported it with ii Hale, flannegan, Mason, Sturgeon, Tarney, and: Under-
1 ' • wood—11.
NAYrf—Messrs. Badger, Bagfoy, Bell, Borland, Cameron,-
Clarke, Clayton, Crittenden, Davis of Massachusetts Day-
ton, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Georgia, Mangum,
Moor, NiJea, Phelps, ^pittance, Uphan*, and Westcott--19.
tries, and for other purposes,
amendments.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. MASON gave notice that on to-morrow, at
one o'clock, he will move to proceed to the con-
sideration of private bills upon the calendar, and
devote the remainder of the day thereto.
PAYMENT OF INTEREST TO ALABAMA.
Mr. BAGBY moved to postpone prior orders, ;
in order to proceed to the consideration of the bill j
authorizing the payment of interest on the amount ;
advanced by the State of Alabama to the General 1
Government pending the Creek hostilities in 1836
and 1837.
Mr. PEARCE remarked that he desired to of-
fer an amendment to the bill, and wished that the
consideration of the bill might be postponed till
another day, in order that he might prepare his
amendment, which had for its object the extension
of the general principle of the bill.
Mr. BAGBY 3aid, that at the hazard of a little
seeming unkmdness to the Senator, he must press
the motion. A postponement of the bill would be
tantamount to its defeat at this session, and he
would take the liberty of suggesting that his friend
from Maryland, who did not, as he understood,
object to the bill, could introduce his proposition
in the form of a separate bill.
Mr. PEARCE had no desire to delay action on
the bill; but he regarded it as manifestly proper
that the principle should be made applicable to
other States.
Mr. MANGUM said that the bill should be
allowed to remain in its present position.
Mr. BAGBY reiterated his appiehension that
if the proposition of the Senator from Maryland
were connected with the bill, it woulddead to fatal
delay.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to postpone the prior orders, for the purpose of
taking up the bill named, and it was determined in
the affirmative.
The Senate proceeded to consider said bill as in .
Committee of the Whole, and the amendments re- j] General Butler from your own State.
ported from the Committee on Finance were agreed ■! Mr. UNDERWOOD. les, and a schoolmate
!; and associate, and a man whom, I am proud to
No further amendment being made, the bill was ^ say, here and everywhere, all must respect for his
: reported to the Senate, and the amendments were honesty and elevated character, however they may
I concuned in. !j differ from him in political matters. I ask, sir, if
The question being upon ordering the bill to be J we have not already seen enough to convince us
The question recurring on the adoption of the
resolution—
Mr. HANNEGAN moved to amend it, by
striking out the words u General Zachary Taylor,5'
and inserting "Generals George Washington, An-
drew Jackson, Winfiekl Scott, and Zachary Tay-
lor."
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the amendment
as follows:
Atfd "and all the full-length portraits of all the Generals
in the American army."
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire to make a very
few remarks on this motion. I voted in favor of
laying this proposition on the table, in order to
avoid what we just now witnessed, and what you
will always witness whenever a measure of this
sort is introduced. I protest against the introduc-
tion into this body of any movement of this char-
acter, because calculated to excite the heated feel -
ings and partisan views of the members. We are
sent here, as I believe, to legislate for the great in-
terests of the American people, and not to occupy
ourselves in purchasing pictures to form a picture
gallery. We do not come here for the purpose of
naming one popular man to the exclusion of others,
thus exciting debate as to who is most deserving
of honor an^d distinction. If General Taylor re-
ceive the nomination for the Presidency, I feel
very certain that I shall vote for him. I will yield
to no gentleman on this floor in admiration of
General Taylor. I hope I have also a deep feeling
of gratitude to the u Father of his Country."
Although politically opposed to General Jackson,
yet I respect and admire his character. So with
regard to General Scott. There are many others
that I might name, for whom I entertain the same
feelings; but, without further remark, I beg to
submit that the resolution is inexpedient.
Mr. HANNEGAN, (in his seat.) There is
engrossed and read a third time—
Mr. PEARCE explained that his amendment !
would not in the least militate against the bill. As i
the bill had been taken up out of its order, he was \
not piepared with his amendment. All that he |
desired was,to make the principle of the bill appli-
cable to Maryland and other States similarly situ-
ated.
After a brief conversation, in which Messrs.
BAGBY, ATHERTON, R. JOHNSON, and
PHELPS took part, relative to the circumstances
in which the claims of the State of Alabama pro-
vided for in the bill arose—
Mr. PEARCE asked that the bill be passed over
informally. j
Mr. BAGBY acquiesed, in order to allow the ;
Senator to prepare his amendment.
The said bill was then passed over informally.
PORTRAIT OF GENERAL TAYLOR. j
The Senate proceeded to consider the following :
resolution, submitted yesterday by Mr. Badger: j
Resolccd, That the Committee on the Libiary be instruct- !
ed to puicha-e the lull-length original portrait of General j
Zachary Taylor, painted by William G. Brown, of Rich-
mond. if the s,!ine can be obtained at a price deemed by the (
committee to be reasonable.
Mr. HALE. I desire to know whether it be in !
order to address such an order to the joint com-
mittee? |
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is addressed I
to the'Library Committee of the Senate only. i
Mr. HALE. I move that the resolution be laid i
on the table. j
Mr. HANNEGAN. I beg to ask one ques-
tion. Has there ever been a full-length likeness
of General Washington or General Jackson order-
ed by the Senate ?
Mr. BADGER. I do not know that there has
been.
The yeas and nays were then demanded on the
question, and being seconded, were ordered, and
taken with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bright, Felch,
of the impropriety of diverting our attention from
the legitimate business of the country, in order to
select individuals on whom to bestow honor and
distinction ? ~
Mr. BADGER. I had.not the slightest expec-
tation when I presented this resolution, either that
it would produce or was calculated to produce any
species of excitement. I offered this resolution
for the purchase of a portrait of General Taylor
because we can obtain one which is said to be an
excellent likeness, painted from life. It is now
exhibited in the rotundo [of the Capitol, and there
j; seemed to me to be a very evident propriety in the
[ Government obtaining possession of it. I hold
jl that there is no member of this body who does not
know, that every American citizen is ready to ac*
' knowledge that that distinguished and illustrious
general has, by his military services, shed unfading
lustre on the arms and character of our country.
And I assure my friend from Indiana that when
he brings forward his resolution for the purpose of
purchasing a full-length portrait of the " Father of
his Country," of General Jackson, and of General
Scott, he will not find me in the slightest degree
disposed either to withhold my assent from his
proposal, or to embarrass it by throwing around
it propositions not calculated to advance his ob-
ject. The amendment which he proposes mctkes
the resolution absolutely nonsensical.' The reso-
lution has for Us object the purchasing of a certain
full-length portrait of General Taylor, executed by
a particular artist. It does not designate an indi-
vidual who is to execute a portrait, but itdiiccts
the purchasing of this portrait. Now, the resolu-
tion would be perfectly absurd if a provision were
introduced into it, that there are other portraits to
be purchased, to be executed by this artist. I was
in hopes that my friend from Indiana would have
allowed it to be adopted without embarrassing it
with this amendment. I assure him that he can-
not introduce a proper resolution to testify respect
foe any distinguished gentleman without receiving
my hearty approbation. Now, with regard to the
