1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
695
objection of my friend from Kentucky, that the
Senate came here to attend to the great interests
of the American people, it meets my hearty con-
currence. I agree to it out and out. I do assure
him that I never entertained a contrary opinion in
my life; but when he says that we were not sent
here for the purpose of forming a picture gallery,
does he recollect that he is pronouncing a solemn
judgment of censure upon the American Congress,
almost from the commencement of the Govern-
ment? X am sure, observant as he is, he cannot so
often have passed from this Chamber to the other,
or when a member of it, from that House to this
Chamber, without seeing that we have been actu-
ally engaged in preparing a picture gallery. And
what is a very remarkable circumstance, so far
from thinking it beneath the dignity of an Ameri-
can Legislature, sent here to attend to the national
interests, we have purchased many portraits and
busts for the purpose of adorning this edifice.
Mr. DAYTON, (in his seat.) Not exactly
" adorning" it!
Mr. BADGER. The gentleman says, not for
the purpose of adorning the edifice. "Well, that
is a matter of taste. But we have gone further.
"We have not only been in the habit of purchasing
pictures, portraits of individuals, anil placing them
in our halls; but we have also purchased statues
not intended to represent American citizens at all,
and sculpture not like anything in the heaven
above, nor on the earth beneath, nor in the waters
tinder the earth. So that I must be permitted to
say that the objection of the Senator from Ken-
tucky has been made rather late in the day. I
proposed the resolution in good faith, and I hope
that my friend'will not insist on complicating it
with any amendments, but that the sense of the
Senate will be taken immediately upon it.
Mr. ALLEN rose, but yielded to
Mr. llANNEGAN, who said : I am confident
that there is no American anywhere, be he who
he may, who holds in higher esteem than I do the
eminent services of General Taylor. His patriot-
ism, his valor, his good conduct upon all occasions
have won my sincerest regard. But to my mind,
.sir, there is something invidious in the proposition
before the Senate. A Presidential election is ap-
proaching, and the name of that distinguished sol-
dier stands prominently among the list of those
who aspire to the possession of that empty bubble.
It is for that reason, in the first place, that I re-
garded this resolution as out of place. But, again,
it signalizes General Taylor above all the illus-
trious men that have adorned your country's his-
tory. What is the proposition ? To buy the full-
length portrait of General Taylor, and suspend it,
I suppose, in one of the panels of the rotundo, or
perhaps in the Senate Chamber, excluding the
" Father of his Country," Marion, Erin's trusted
son, Wayne, Lincoln, and he who fell first at
Bunker Hill! Where have you full-length por-
traits of these heroic men? Let me say here, that
I have never seen but one life-like full-length por-
trait of the " Father of his Country"—taken in
the vigor of life—in the bloom of manhood—-just
after the close of the revolutionary war. Has the
nation purchased that picture? Has any man asked
the nation to purchase it? It was oil occasion of
an accidental visit to Princeton, in New Jersey,
that I had the pleasure of beholding" this soul-stir-
ringpieture—Princeton, where his fame first began
to approach that proud and glorious zenith from
which it never receded! In the college-hall of that
respectable institution, I saw this inestimable por-
trait, gracing the very frame from which the like-
ness of George IH. was struck by a cannon-ball
in the battle of Princeton. The portrait was taken
at private expense; and it is the only life-like full-
length portrait of the " Father of his Country,"
taken in 1783. Not one human being has ever
applied to Congress to bring it here to adorn these
walls! And now, sir, I am reminded of what I
saw last Saturday amid the hallowed shades of
Mount Vernon. On a visit to that sacred spot, I
saw what is called a sarcophagus, of American
marble, (and I like it none the less for that, though
it is not perhaps as fine as ,the Parian marble;)
and on the stone which, resting on poor, crumbling
brick-work, covers theashes of Washington and his
wife, sleeping side by side, I found this inscription:
"By the permission of Lawrence Lewis, the surviving
eteeutor of George W ashington, this saicoptiagus is present-
ed by John Struthers, of Philadelphia, marble mason, A. D.
" By John Struthers, of Philadelphia." I rev-
erence the man who had heart enough to do it for
the "Father of his Country." But talk not to me
of patriotism upon an occasion of this kind, so
long as the Representatives of the country into
which he absolutely breathed existence, and to
which he gave all the glory of his imperishable
name, have left to an obscure private individual
the erection of his tomb I And now you proppse
to select a living man and an aspirant to the Presi-
dency, his heart warm and beating, and signalize
him by this public mark of distinction! Well,
perhaps l,too, may vote for him—I do not know—
it is impossible in these times of change to tell
what men may do. But I do maintain that there
is an indelicacy in this proposition which must
prevent me from giving it my approval. Where
is your monument to the memory of Washington ?
To you, " Old Viiginia," 1 look for the removal
of the stain which this neglect has affixed upon us.
You will not surrender his ashes—and you never
should—but you alone should give him a monu-
ment that should tower to the skies.
Mr. BADGER. I beg to make an explanation
in regard to the lemailts of the Senator from In-
diana, but I do not propose to enter into any ani-
mated discussion on this subject. I do not see any
necessity for that, though I. listened with great
pleasure to my friend from Indiana. The resolu-
tion, as 1 havcalready remarked, does not propose
that a full-length portrait should be executed. It
is simply a proposal to purchase a full-length por-
trait which happens to be here.
Mr. HANNEGAN, (in his seat.) Why not
buy the full-length portrait of Wa.shington i'rum
Nassau Hall, and that of Jackson from New Or-
leans? *
Mr. "BADGER. The proposition was made by
me, because there were friends of General Taylor
here who said that this is an excellent likeness.
Now, if there be no objection to the propriety of
this thing in itself, why not adopt the resolution ?
I do not know where the full-length portrait of
General Jackson, which it is proposed to purchase
by my friend from Indiana, is to be obtained.
Mr. BUTLER, (in his seat.) What picture do
you propose to buy ?
Mr. BADGER. The full-length portrait of Gen-
eral Taylor, now in the rotundo.
Mr. HANNEGAN, (in his seat.) A burlesque
of him, 1 have no doubt.
Mr. BADGER. Well, it may bo so; but his
friends say it is an accurate likeness.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. My friend from North
Carolina supposes that my faculties of observation
are veiy obtuse.
Mr. BADGER, (in his seat.) Quite the con-
trary.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. He supposes that I can-
not have noticed the other pictures m the rotundo,
and the statuary which adorns the Capitol.
Mr. BADGER, (in his seat.) Or deforms it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Or deforms it, then.
Now, I think there is a manifest distinction be-
tween the proposition of the gentleman and the case
of these pictures. The panels in the rotundo were
expressly designed for pictures, and I regard those
historical paintings as altogether distinct from the
formation of a picture gallery. I think that this
innovation on the practice of the Government with
regard to this matter, is most inopportunely com-
menced in the case of the living,instead of the dead.
No one's epitaph ought to be written till after his
death. We ought to be cautious in our commend-
ations of those who are alive, and paiticularly those
who are situated as General Taylor is at present.
It does, as my friend from Indiana says,look some-
what invidious—a little like reudeung person?!
homage to the man in consequence of the position
which he. now occupies before the American people.
As I have already intimated, 1 feel deeply interest-
ed in everything that relates to General Taylor.
He is a great favorite of mine; but 1 dislike move-
ments of this sort, in the face of the American peo-
ple, at this particular juncture, selecting him 111 pref-
erence to the " Father of liis Country," or any of
the great men of the past. I think the proposition
had better be dropped. Not that I would for a
moment suggest the propriety of doing so, in order
to prevent the remarks which might be made upon
our conduct, if we were to adopt the resolution. I
would not myself be influenced by any such in-
timidation, and I am equally confident that it would
not operate on any member of this body. But I
think'that it will be altogether in better taste to set
aside the proposition. It may be that the adop-
tion of a system of thisJ«nd, for the decoration ©f
our public buildings here .with portraits of distin-
guished citizens, would stimulate laudable ambi-
tion; but I am rather incfined to think that it would
strike the American people with some surprise.
Mr. ALLEN. This resolution does not, I be-
lieve, purport to be a joint resolution, though it is
addressed to a joint committee; and there is, there-
fore, as I understand, some irregularity in it. But
if the Senate be disposed to overlook the irregular-
ity, I haye no particular objection to going into
the business of commemorating the achievements
of the generals of the Republic in painting, exe-
cuted at the public expense, provided, that in order
to avoid even the appearance of injustice to some
wlule doing justice to others, the resolution be
made sufficiently comprehensive. To be such, it
ought to contain within itself something like a
system under which the Government may act
hereafter, and for that purpose I move to strilfe
out all after the word "instructed" and to insert
the following :
"To procure to be provided and placed in the rotundo
fnli-lengih portrnit* of all the general" of the Republic who
may, a-* generats-in-chief in fields of battle, have achieved
victories fur which they have leceivejl the thanks of Con-
gtess,"
Mr. DAYTON. It is no part of my purpose,
sir, to embark in this argument. I merely desire
to say, in reply to my friend from Indiana, that
with some knowledge of the feelings of those gen-
tlemen who control the institution of Nassau Hall,
the Federal Government is not rich enough to pur-
chase the full-length poitrait of Washington to
which the gentleman alludes.
Mr. HANNEGAN, (in his seat.) I do not be-
lieve it is.
Mr. DAYTON. It is within the boundsof pos
sihility, that if that should turn out to be the only
full-length portrait of General Washington, and
at any time hereafter it should become a matter of
necessity to the Federal Government to have such
a portrait here, it might be presented by that in-
stitution to the Government. But as a question of
dollars and cents, of buying and selling, it is not
a thing to be thought of between the parties. My
purpose was to make that single remark, and to
say, that, for one, I am always ready to grantjfhese
little appropriations for the purpose of distinguish-
ing our illustrious men. I would be glad if the
Federal Government could obtain the full-length
portraits, or any other memorial, of all the Presi-
dents of the United States, and any other men
who stand a head above their fellows—whether it
is Jackson, Taylor, or Scott.
Mr. IIANN15GAN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question > Why distinguish sol-
diers above statesmen? Where are your portraits
of the two Adamses—of Jefferson—of Madisoo—of
Monroe—of a living man, Martin Van Buren,
who, although you did not support him, you must
admit has rendered the most eminent services to
his country?
Mr. DAYTON. May I beg to remind the Sen-
ator that that very remark proceeded from my
lips. I said that 1 should be most happy if the
Federal Government should procure portraits of
every one of those eminent civilians. There are
many whom I could name: Alexander Hamilton,
for instance 
Mr. HANNEGAN, (in his seat.) Yes, and
John Hancock, and Henry Clay.
Mr. DAYTON. And many more—Republican
and Federal—Whig and Democrat. I should glad-
ly see their portraits here, instead of the statue of
Columbus, looking like a man rolling nine-pins, .
and the girl frightened, lest the ball should fall oil
her toes! And it seems that the opposite pedestal
is to receive another groupe in equally good taste
—a group of four figures, illustrating the "tri-
umphs of civilization over savage life," a female
protecting a child, and standing over her a savage
with a raised tomahawk, and behind the latter a
white man holding back his arm! Certainly, i
should greatly prefer making an appropriation to
decorate the Capitol with portraits of eminent citi-
zens, rather than with such " works of art!" But
X did not intend to trespass on the time of the
^Mr^HALE I think that this discussion must
convince the country of the present extraordinary
redundancy of great men. They seem to spring
