606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
up on all hands. I have been revolving; m my
mind some plan by which the homage which is to
be paid to them may find a proper merit. Let a
standing committee "on great men" be appoint-
ed, whose business it will be to report to us at
each session of Congress. The Senator from In-
diana has alluded to the neglect with which the
" Father of his Country" has been treated. It has
been worse than neglect. We have not only ne-
glected to purchase any full length portrait of
Washington, but we have disgraced the most beau-
tiful grounds in the country with one of the most
ill-conceived statue3 X have ever beheld—I allude
to Greenough's statue. It resembles rather some
oneof the heathen deities, which, I can hardly say,
for it is some time since I looked into Tooke.
A Senator. Jupiter Tonans!
Mr. HALE. And a very poor one at that. But
this discussion has disclosed another fact, that
while there are so many illustrious men whose
ears are forever closed to the voice of censure or
applause, an attempt is made to select a living man
with whose likeness to decorate these halls. Sir,
I believe that it is quite time enough to talk of thus
distinguishing men when they have passed through
all the trying vicissitudes of life. 1 cordially con-
cur with the gentlemen from Indiana and New
Jersey, that we should look to the walks of civil
life for objects of rcspect and homage. I go fur-
ther. There is at this moment in our land a female
who has done more for humanity, Christianity,
and the elevation of man above all that afflicts and
degrades him, than a thousand so-called heroes—
I refer to that illustrious woman whose " works
of mercy and labors of love" are known all over
the land, and through whose exertions an hospital
for the insane has recently been commenced in the
State of Tennessee—Miss Dorothea Dix—a name
which will live so long as all that is most.estimable
in human nature shall command the respect of
mankind.
If in order, sir, I move to lay this whole subject
on the table.
The motion was decided in the affirmative, by
-yeas and nays, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, AtellKnn, Atherton. Heuton,
JSreese, Bright, Hurler, Dougla-, Fetch, Hale, IJann. OTn,
.Lewis, Ma°on, NiJes, Pearee, Rusk, Spnianee, Stuiyeon,
Turney, Underwood, and Yiileo—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bagby, Bell, Borland, Cameron,
Clarke, Clayton, Crittenden, Davis of Massachusetts, Bay-
ton, Foote, Greene, Johnson of Maiyiand, Upham, and
Westcott—15.
THE CALIFORNIA CLAIMS.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the bill for ascertaining and paying the California
claims.
Mr. MASON briefly replied to the remarks of
the Senator from Missouri, contending that the
constitutional objection to the bill bad not been at
all obviated by the amendment reported by the
committee, and of course his argument against the
bill was unaffected by it. The Senate would de-
termine whether he was right in his view of the
constitutional question. As to the precedents re-
lied upon by the Senator from North Carolina, he
had shown tiiat they were not at all appropriate to
the present case. He need not remind the Sena-
tor, that in a court of law there was no authority
but that of a decision of an appellate court upon
the point in question. Short of that, the decisions
of courts were only persuasive, and entitled to re-
spect. All he desired in this case was, to impose
all the safeguards which the Constitution provided.
Mr. CLARKE spoke H length on the claims
themselves, which, he said, had been completely
lost sight of in the discussion of the clause contain-
ing the constitutional difficulty. He quoted from
the reported speech of Mr. Mason his opinion that
these claims, being contracted without the authori-
ty of the Government, were unjust. He referred
to the expedition of Colonel Fremont, and went
minutely into the details of his progress, reading
the portions of the speech of the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Denton] which related to that sub-
ject, and came to the roneluskm that Colonel Fre-
mont, in turning back from his scientific inves-
tigations to mingle in the revolutionary scenes in
California, was influenced by the letter of the
President of the United States, and the letter of
Mr. Buchanan, conveyed to Colonel Fremont by
Lieutenant Gillespie, and therefore that the claims
are entitled to recognition, because they arose out of
instructions sent out by Government. All services
which Colonel Fremont performed after the receipt I
of these letters were strictly legal, and authorized
by the Executive; and the Government was as much
bound to pay for them as for any other services.
He considered Colonel Fremont to be the most
proper person who could be selected for the exam-
ination of these claims He thought the character
of California had been much misunderstood, and
that Colonel Fremont's report on the subject was
entitled to great credit. That tract of country
would be valuable to any country. It was an em-
pire in itself; and at any price would be cheaply
won. He should vote for the payment of the
claims. [Mr. C.'s speech will be given in the Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. RUSK. 1 desire to trespass on the patience
of the Senate for a moment only before the vote is
taken. It seems to me that if any question can be
settled, the constitutional difficulty here has been.
We find in cases precisely similar, that Congress
some seven or eight times has acted just as this
bill proposes, by referring claims, for the purpose
of ascertaining their justice, to persons who are
not officeis of the Government, and such a refer-
ence has never been considered, so far as the le-
gislation of Congress is concerned, as constituting
the individual to whom such reference is made, an
officer of the Government. There can be no dis-
tinction, so far as this reference is concerned, be-
tween the duty to be performed by the referees,
and the duty of an arbitrator to whom a case is
submitted by a court. Both perform the same sort
of duties. It is competent for Congress, of course,
to pay the claims without testimony, as well as
with the best, or the weakest testimony. It is for
them to determine what evidence will satisfy them.
Thfy may take the certificates of officers or of in-
dividuals cognizant of the origin of the claims, and
they may determine those to be sufficient testi-
mony upon which they will authorize the proper
officers of the Government to pay the claims. That
is all that is asked in this case. And it seenis to
me strange—I say it with the utmost respect for
the opinions of those who differ with me—it must, l!
I am sure, proceed upon this ground alone, that they |!
make a mistake in supposing that the right to ap-
point officers by the President is not inherent in 1
him, but confided to hiin by the Constitution, and i
is more a duty than a right—it does appear to me i!
strange, I say, that such should be the conclusion !
at which Senators arrive, that it is the duty of the '
President, and not merely a right which he may h
exercise or not, to fill up such offices as Congress !i
may create by law. What is it that is proposed M
by this bill ? We determine by it that those claims !l
which are just shall be paid. The question, then, !
is, what testimony will be required to assure us of !;
their justness? The bill proposes that Colonel Fre- h
mont, who was the commander, together with the |j
paymaster and quartermaster of the troops who ;;
performed the service, shall furnish the evidence 1
upon which the Government will authorize their j
payment. And it does seem to me, that there can 1
be no difference in point of constitutional right, !
whether we declare that the evidence shall be fur- I
nished by these gentlemen or by the officers who :
have been appointed under all the forms pi escribed i
by the Constitution. If there be a difference, which
1 confess I am unable to perceive, then Congress i
has violated the Constitution in several instances, !
because they have repeatedly referred cases to in- j
dividuals who were not officers. A case was re- J
ferred to yesterday, where a law was passed for
the payment of some half-dozen companies of ji
troops m Florida. How were they to be paid?
Why, upon the testimony of two individuals, with j]
the approval of the Governor of the State. Were !
they constituted officers of the Government of the I j
United States? If they were, they would necessa- ,
rily have to be appointed by the President. But !
they were nothing more than arbitrators, or rather [|
examiners for ascertaining and satisfying the Gov- ;
ernment of the justice of the claims. Then, as I ;'l
said before, if we are wrong in this, Congress has lj
been wrong seven or eight times. The Supreme j!
Court has been wrong m making decisions which ;
they were not authorized to make. Notwithstand- !l
ing, with all the arguments which I have heard to
the contrary, I insist that the case I read is con-
clusive of this very point in controversy. That '<
case was on a mandamus requiring Mr. Kendall to
perform the award of the Solicitor of the Treas- ,
ury. Five judges were in attendance. Two of!
them dissented from the opinion given by the court !
—one of the dissentients being the Chief Justice—
: upon the ground that it was not a subject for a
j mandamus. _ if, in dissenting from an opinion of
] this description, the law that they were required to
| enforce had been unconstitutional, would it not be
! a reflection upon the Chief Justice—who took dif-
j ferent ground from a majority of the judges—to
I imagine that he would never once have alluded to
j the fact of unconstitutionality? Three of the judges
' say expressly that Congress had the power to pass
a law authoring an officer, or any one else, to de-
termine a claim against the Government.
There Seems to be another question started upon
this subject, and that is, the authority under which
the claims originated. I wish briefly to explain
! this authority, and to show the grounds upon
i which the Government ought to recognize the
'claims. What were the facts in the case? In the
year 1845, before the war broke out between this
i country and Mexico, Commodore Sloat, with a
' large naval force, is despatched into the Pacific
i Ocean; and for what purpose' To take posses-
\ sion of California. Nobody has contended that
j this was not the purpose for which the armament
j wassent there. The Navy Department afterwards,
I upon sending him leave of absence on account of
j ill health, gave him something of a reprimand be-
; cause he had not proceeded to take possession of
| California at an earlier period. It appears, then,
| that the sending the squadron into the Pacific, was
| not for mere amusement, but for a specific object.
| It was known that a war was likely to take place,
I and it was known that England was desirous of
! obtaining, if not full possession, at least commer-
1 cial advantages in California. The armament ia
j sent there; and afterwards an officer is sent by the
j land route with a letter which has been said to be
; a mere letter of introduction to Colonel Fremont.
I What did Fremont consider it his duty to do after
! receiving that letter? Had he not gone back, the
| country would have been in possession of the Brit-
i ish. He returned; and it is highly creditable to
; him that he did so, and these claims accrued in
; consequence of the military operations which en-
| sued. Will Congress now say that they are go-
ing to refuse the payment of these claims, because
one of the most gallant officers of the United States
dated to assume the responsibility of defending
■ his countrymen from a merciless foe? For about
thirty days only were the operations of Colonel
Fremont carried on, previous to the receipt posi-
tive instructions, borne by Commodore Stockton,
to take possession of the country. There can be
no question as to the policy of the Government. So
far from being deserving of any blame, the Execu-
tive is entitled to the highest credit for foresight
and sagacity. Had he not been as prompt as he
was, we may be assured, from what is now going
on in Yucatan, that Macnamara would have been
in possession of California. It is not the time now
to go into the inquiry of what California is worth
to us, in regard to the extension of our commerce
or otherwise; it is now in our possession. I will
venture the assertion, that at the end of ten years
from this time it could not be purchased from the
United States for two hundred millions of dollars.
This'country has been saved to us, in a great
measure, by the promptitude, vigilance, and fore-
sight of this officer. The question comes simply
to this : If we are willing to avail ourselves of the
advantages which the services of these individuals
have procured us—actuated, if you will, at the
same time, by a desire to save themselves and
their families—in saving a country which is worth
two hundred millions of dollars, exposing them to
beggary, refusing to pay them, why, then, let us
vote against this bill. Ifyou are willing to pay for
their services, then the only question is, whether
Colonel Fremont and those named in the bill
are the proper individuals for the Government to
trust in investigating the claims. They are, in my
opinion, the only individuals that can with pro-
propriety be selected. Suppose you select three
greedy office-seekers, of whom there are so many
to be found about the puilieus of the capital, they
would not understand the nature of their duties,
whilst the persons named m this bill know pre-
cisely what the claims are.
I am willing to trust Colonel Fremont. In the
fiist place, I believe he is well qualified for the task;
and for selecting him, we have another reason:
he is a young man who has acquired a distin-
guished reputation, and that reputation furnishes
us a bond that he will do nothing to cast a shadow
upon his character.
