1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
697
Mr.BAGBY. I take this Occasion to say, that the
vote I shall give will be given without the least ref-
erence to thedistinguisaed gentleman who is named
in the bill. I agree with the Senator from Texas,
that he is a man of extraordinary merit and abili-
ties.. If my testimony were .of any avail, to en-
hance the estimation in which he is held, he would
have it to the full extent. Indeed, if the passage
of this bill were dependent only upon his merits, I
venture the assertion that the bill would receive
the unanimous sanction of this body. Neither have
1 any hesitation a^to the propriety of paying these
California claims. They ought to be paid. They
are as meritorious claims as were ever presented
to the Congress of the United States. But I leave
out these views entirely, and come to the great
question involved, that is, the question of consti-
tutional right between two departments of this
Government. No matter what may have been the
practice of Congress or the decisions of the Su-
'preme Court, they have no proper application to
the case now before the Senate. 1 say it with en-
tire respect for the decisions of that court, I think
it is no disrespect to the Chief Justice to differ with
him in opinion, because as " Homer sometimes
nodded," the wisest men may sometimes err in
judgment. In the proceedings of this body, I am
not to be bound by the decisions of the Supreme
Court upon constitutional questions. The course
of reasonrtlg by which 1 satisfied my mind in regard
to this matter was this: I asked myself, who would
have investigated these claims provided they had
arisen within reach of the ordinary operations of
the treasury ? Can there be any doubt that these
accounts would have been investigated by consti-
tutionally-appointed officers, and "then have gone
before the proper accounting ofiieers of the treas-
ury? Inasmuch, then, as they cannot bo disposed
of by reference to the regularly-constituted officers
of the Government, the question comes up, how are
they to be disposed of? Why, by a law making
provision for the appointment of officers, with the
same powers that those officers would have for ad-
justing the claims. I have hud no difficulty oil the
"subject from the beginning. I regard the amend-
ment reported by the committee, as precisely the
same in substance, in effect and operation, as the
bill itself. The same thing is to be done, though
in a different manner. It always pains me to dif-
fer from the views of a committee, composed, too,
of the ablest men in the body; but I confess they
have not satisfied my judgment, and by it I must
be governed. I dissent from the view taken by
the Senator from Kentucky, who says' that m
doubtful cases we should exercise the power our-
selves. My doctrine on the subject of doubtful
power, has always been to abstain from ita exer-
cise altogether. But upon this point I have no
doubt, and I shall, therefore, vote for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. BREICSE said he wished to make one re-
mark. "When the bill was reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, organizing, as it did, a
board with officers and salaries, and appointing
those officers by law,.it was against that provision
of the Constitution which gives the appointment of
officers to the President, by and with the advice and
consent of theSenate;and he, therefore, should have
voted against the bill for that reason. The amend-
ment, he thought, obviated the objection he enter-
tained, and it seemed to him that the whole case was
now in a very small compass. It is nothing more
than this: certain claims are alleged to exist against
" the United States, but from their peculiar nature
cannot be adjusted by the officers of the Executive
department. Congress then declares by this bill,
thatil" J. C.Fremont, Captain Hensley,and Major
Reading, who know all about those claims, will
certify to their extent, we will pay th'em by an
officer to be appointed for that purpose; and this,
he said, seemed to be most clearly within the con-
stitutional competency of Congress, and he there-
fore should vote for the bill as amended.
Mr. "VVESTCOTT said he desired to say a very
few words in explanation of the vote he was about
to give. He should vote against the amendment
of the Senator from Virginia, and for the amend-
ment reported by the Military Committee. When
the bill was first introduced, and in the shape it was
in before it was recommitted and the amendment
made by the committee, he expressed the opinion
that he /should not vote for it as it then was._ He
objected to the clause designating Colonel Fremont
by name, as he regarded it as an encroachment on
the power delegated to the President under the
Constitution. The amendment had obviated the
difficulty he then had, in some degree. He would
not say that his convictions were entirely clear—
the question was one of some doubt. But when
he reflected that the Executive power of appoint-
ment, and of conferring official patronage, was the
most fearful in our institutions; that its corrupting
tendencies and effects were of the most dangerous
character; when the fact stared him in the face that
it has had for years a most pernicious influence upon
the action of the Government, he felt disposed to
circumscribe it in every and any case in which he
could do so without plainly and palpably violating
the Constitution. This is not such a case of palpa-
ble, undoubted violation. I find precedents for it
approved by Presidents who would not have sub-
mitted to encroachments on their power. Among
them,one in 1845, passed with reference to the pay-
ment of volunteers in Florida, is directly in point.
The regiments of Colonel Brown and Major Gar-
rison, and several companies of volunteers, were
ordered to be paid at the treasury on muster-rolls,
to be verified by the oaths of their officers, and
approved by the Governor of Florida. These offi-
cers had been out of service for years, and Florida
was made a State the very day this law was pass-
ed; and the office of territorial governor therefore
became defunct. I regard that law as a precedent
that 1 may, in voting on this bill, follow with safe-
ty, and especially when, if there is no constitu-
tional difficulty, all admit the bill in this provision
will be judicious. The President must concur in
the bill before it becomes a law. If he regards it
as an encroachment on his constitutional powers,
he can protect himself by rejecting it. I have no
idea that, under the precedents existing, such diffi-
culty will be made.
Mr. CALHOUN. Before the question is put,
I desire to state the reasons upon which 1 shall feel
myself compelled to vote for the amendment offer-
ed by the Senator from Virginia. 1 have bestowed
upon this case that attention which the magnitude,
both of the principle and the amount of money
involved, seemed to me to demand; and after the
best consideration that I have been able to give it,
I have been brought to the conclusion that the
original bill as reported by the committee, and the
amendment which the committee now propose to
substitute for it, arc both unconstitutional. In
order to understand whether this opinion of mine
be correct or not, it will be necessary to understand
what arc actually the provisions contained in the
bill and the amendment, and what is the object
intended to be effected. We are told by two of
the members of the committee that the object is,
to prescribe the evidence on which the claims are
to be allowed, and that the persons named are to
act m the character of witnesses. If so, the hill
and amendment are strangely drawn. 1 find not a
word about evidence or witness, or having the
least reference to either, and the language used
excludes the possibility that the object was such
as they allege. They are vested with the function
to examine and allow, and not to testify. They
act as a board of commissioners. The majority
dccides, and their decision is final. By what abuse
of language, then, can individuals performing such
functions be called witnesses, when they are of a
character so wholly different? Two other mem-
beis of the committee assign a very different ob-
ject. They allege that it is intended to enable the
three individuals named in the amendment to per-
form that which they would have performed at the
time, had they had funds in their hands to meet
the expenses incurred: that is, to enable Colonel
Fremont to perform the functions of commander,
and the other two those of paymaster and quar-
termaster, respectively. To judge of the correct-*
ness of this allegation, it will be necessary to as-
certain what additional functions they would have
had to perform if they had been in funds at the
time. None whatever, but to pay as the expenses
were incurred, instead of giving certificates for the
amount. Colonel Fremont had performed all his
functions as commander, as fully as if the ample
funds had been furnished, and none but those of
the paymaster and commissary had any left un-
performed. Now, I ask, is it the object of this
bill, or the amendment reported by the committee,
to enable "them to perform their unexecuted func-
tions? Is it proposed that either of these disburs-
ing officers shall perform the function of paymas-
ter or commissary, or that Colonel Fremont should
perform that of commander ? There is not a pro-
vision to that effect. Their functions are to be en-
tirely different. In the first place, instead of acting
in their individual capacity and on their individual
responsibility, as they would if the duties attached
to each had been performed at the time, they are
to act as a board of commissioners, to be governed
by the votes o^ the majority, and be exempt from
all responsibility. Their functions are as dissim-
ilar as is their character. Instead of performing
the duties of commander, paymaster, and com-
missary, they are to examine and allow the claims
against the Government without being subject to
any restriction, either as to rule or evidence. In-
deed, in not a single particular does the provisions
of the bill or amendment correspond with the ob-
ject which the members of the committee allege
was to be effected. . But suppose they correspond
in every particular: would it get clear of the con-
stitutional objection, which the allegation is intend-
ed to avoid? How can Congress vest by law the
functions to execute duties which appertained to
these individuals in- their official characters, now
when they are no longer officers? That is the
question. What are these functions? Do they
partake of the character of office, or that of mere
employment? The answer is to be found in the
fact already stated, that they appertained to them
in their official character, and could only be per-
formed by them in that character; and we have
just as much power to invest them with all their
other functions as these—to appoint them to the ■
full exercise of all as of a part. The one would
not more clearly and directly usurp the rights of
the Executive than the other.
But I regard the functions proposed to be con-
ferred on these individuals as not only very diffi-
cult, but of a far higher character than those which
they had to perform, had they been furnished with
funds. They partake of those belonging to the
highest order of the fiscal officers of the Govern-
ment, to whom they would have had to account had
the expenses been paid when incurred. To under-
stand who those officers are, and to what extent
those individuals would, in thatcase, have been held
responsible, I will state the process to be gone
through before their accounts would be allowed.
They would, in the first place, have to present
them to the proper bureaus of the War Depart-
ment—the commissary to the Commissary Gen-
eral, and the paymaster to the Paymaster General.
Then they would have undergone an administra-
tive examination. What its nature is, can best be
understood by giving the process. Take, for in-
stance, the commissary: he would have had to ex-
hibittheordersunderwhich he made his purchases.
They would have to state the number or amount
of articles, and, where necessary, their description.
These orders would have to be presented to the
Secretary of War for his approval, if there should
be any doubt of their propriety, judged of in refer-
ence to the number of troops or the nature of the
service. He then would have to exhibit his vouch-
ers, to show that the prices of tfee articles were
reasonable, and would have to furnish evidence to
that effect. If, on examination, all were found cor-
rect, the. Commissary General would endorse his
approval, and pass them over to the proper Auditor
of the Treasury for his examination and audit.
From him, they would pass to the Comptroller
General of the Treasury, who would review the
whole; and then, if approved, the account would
he allowed and the officer credited. Such is the .
careful and refined process prescribed by law and
regulation, for the settlement of military accounts,
and such the process through which those now in
question would have had to pass, if the officers had
been in funds, and had paid them at the time. By
the provisions of this bill and amendment, the
whole process is all laid aside. The very officers
who would thus have been held responsible to ac-
countfor the properapplication of every cent placed
in their hands, are authorized to examine ana allow
their own accounts; and their certificates allowing
them are made as conclusive of their justice and
correctness as would have been their allowance on
the final settlement of the Comptroller. They, in
a word, are invested in effect with all the functions
of these high and responslbleofficers. Indeed, they
are invested with far higher. The latter are bound
by law and established rules; but they are bound
by neither. They act under their own unlimited
discretion, and are bound to establish no rules and
keep no record; nor has the paymaster, or who-
