698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
ever may hold the funds, any discretion as to pay-
ment. Their certificates are the only vouchers
necessary to the settlement of his account, so that
there is no responsibility anywhere. I venture to
assert that there is no example in all our legislation
of an act of the kind; and, to cap the climax, these
individuals are to be appointed by an act of Congress
to perform these high official functions, which !
otherwise would have to be performed by officers
who hold stations among the highest under the
Government—and all this on the ground that the
functions they would have to discharge are mere
employments, and not offices! !
1 do not oppose this monstrous measure on the ■
ground of opposition to Colonel Fremont, or either I
of his associates in this high commission. Of the !
latter, I know nothing; but I have a slight acquaint- '
ance with theColonel,andamso favorably impressed '
as to him, that I would as readily trust him as any j
other individual. But a regard for the Constitution, I
and the great fundamental principle, that no man j
shall be a judge in his own case, which embraces
this, that no man should settle his own account, ,
compels me to oppose it. It has been attempted
to bolster itSpby precedents, but without success. !
Not one has been cited that is applicable; and if
there were hundreds to the point, they could have
You have laws now making the bare certificate
of an officer evidence, upon which you require the
proper officers to make payment. The proper
department is now required by law to issue a
bounty warrant to a disabled soldier upon the cer-
tificate of the captain of the company, or a surgeon,
that he is disabled. The honorable Senator [Mr.
Calhoun] starts two other objections to this bill:
First, that it makes these officers judges in then-
own case, and authorizes them to certify to their
own claims against the Government. Now, sir,
does anybody suppose this would be the eS'ect of
this bill? Certainly not. They could not, under
its provisions, certify their own claims; nor would
their own delicacy permit them, if they could.
The other objection is, that it is conferring a high
power without any responsibility. All will admit,
that if this campaign had* been conducted from the
beginning under the authority of the Government,
Colonel Fremont could have made his requisitions
to any amount. The quartermaster would have
been bound to furnish the supplies, and the pay-
master to" have paid the money.
But, sir, this bill provides responsibility with
which I am content. Past experience proves that
an oath may be violated—a pecuniary bond disre-
garded. But, sir, when you have the guarantee of
no weight where the Constitution and the funda- l! the character of a man, who has a due regard" to
™   :  e i i • . . , -t i _ > . i. . . °
mental principles of justice are so palpably violated.
This I believe to be the first time that the question
of our power in like cases has been formally dis-
cussed. It is of great importance that our discus-
sion, in so leading a case, should be right.
But, Mr. President, I hold that if there be any
doubt in this case—if it be not clearly right—there
are reasons of a delicate character why the measure
should"not be adopted. It would be indelicate
for me more fully to explain myself; but I will be
understood when I say, there are circumstances
attending it which are calculated to induce the be-
lief, should we adopt the measure, that we have
been actuated more by the feeling of esprit du corps
than we ought to be. We all know how liable we
are to be influenced by those with whom we are
associated in (he discharge of our duties, and with
whom we hold daily intercourse. We ought to
allow for it, and guard against*it, especially in a
case like this, involving the Constitution and a
fundamental principle of justice.
Having said so much upon the amendment re-
ported by the committee, I must say that I have
objections even to the amendment offered by the
Senator from Virginia, although, as'I prefer it to
character, and as high a reputation to lose as the
honorable Senator concedes to Colonel Fremont,
then, sir, you have the strongest security which
man can give for good conduct.
Oil motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Jlpril 28, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced the pending question
to be on seconding the demand tor the previous
question on the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the House adopted the resolution ordering
;l the printing of extra copies of the Scott, Taylor,
.] and 'Prist correspondence with the Department of
I War' „ , ,
l Mr. STEPHEN S hoped, by unanimous consen t,
j the resolution might be amended so as to embrace
what he would lead in the following amendment,
which he had intended to offer yesterday, viz:
" Al.-'i, House document No. It),-2d se.-ston 50th Congress;
Ilou^e uocumtiit No. •>'*. J -I: sos*inn 3i)llt Congre&e.; iuni
Senate document No. .16. 1st session auttt Ooiigms."
The documents embraced in this amendment
.l-revery short,and there^l,hPS™
vote for it. Myopmion *_is, that the simple way •, be no objection.
of adjusting all these claims, is to appoint two or
three able officers belonging to the army, upon '<
whom such duties appropriately devolve, and send |
them there to settle these expenses, as far as they j
can be legally settled. '
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, the honorable Sen- !
ator from South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] is, I j
think, mistaken when he supposes that the posi- I
tions assumed, by the chairman, and two of the
members of the Military Committee, are in oppo- |
sition, or inconsistent with the grounds which the I
honorable Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Critten- !
ben] and myself have taken upon this bill. The !
chauman of the committee, sir, stated in his re- ;
marks, that this bill only required the persons 'I
named in it to do now, that'which they had a i
right to do, and which it was their duty to have :
done, when they were in office; and to this I can ;;
see no constitutional objection. Are not officers 1 '■
who have ceased to be 'such, constantly required '!
to go on and settle and adjust accounts which
made while m office?
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, said he hoped, by gen-
eral consent, the resolution would be amended as
the gentleman from Georgia (his colleague) desired,
without the form of reconsideration; and with this
understanding, he insisted upon the question on the
motion to lay on the table.
And, accordingly, the motion was laid on the
table.
PRIVATE BILLS'.
On motion of Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecti-
cut, the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole House on the private calendar, (Mr,
Collamer, of Vermont, in the chair,) and, after j
some time spent therein, the committee rose and
reported the following bills to the House, viz: [
Senate bill for the relief of John Black, late con- !
sul of the United States at the city of Mexico; j
And House bills of the following titles : !
A bill for the relief of Joel Thacker; I
A bill for the relief of John Knight;
A bill for the relief of Thomas Flanegan;
A bill for the relief of Parmelia Slavin, late the
A bill tor the relief of Charles Ahrenfeldt and
John F. H. Vogt;
were made while m office? The honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky and myself have not been .   
driven in support of this bill to any untenable no-" wife of John Blue, deceased;
sition. We took the ground, sir, that the act i A bill for the relief of Jonathan Siyter;
of the peisons named in this bill, in certify- 1 A '■ ^ "" ' ''
ing to the amount, and justice of the claims,
should be made the evidence upon which the
proper officers of the Government are required ;
to pay them. It pertains to the authority of Con- ,
gress to pay the debts of the United States. They :
have the right to judge of their amount and just- !
ness. They may order payment without evidence. '
Ihey may require the weakest or the strongest!
testimony. They may, if they choose, make the i
ceitificate of an officer, a court of justice, or a pri- j
vale individual, evidence of a debt against the I
United States, upon which to base an order for its l>
payment. !j
A bili for the relief of Isaac Shepard;
A bill for the relief of David Shepard;
A bill for the relief of A. C. Bryan and others;
A bill for the relief of Charles R. Allen, of Rich-
mond, Virginia;
A bill for the relief of Almedus Scott;
A bill for the relief of the widow of Elijah Brag-
don, deceased; ,
A bill to attach a portion of the northwestern '
land district, Louisiana, to the district of Red river, !
Louisiana; ,
A bill for the relief of William Via; I
A bill for the relief of Eliza A. Mellon;
A bill for the relief of Ben jamin Reifsnyder;
A bill for the relief of Francis M. Holton;
A bill for the relief of Israel Bayless;
A bill for the relief of Arthur Wilson;
A bill for the relief of Benjamin G. Pei'kins;
A bill for the relief of Beri'ah Wright;
A bill for the relief of John Savage;
A bill for the relief of Levi Colmus;
A bill for the relief of William Paddy;
A bill for the relief of A. Baudonin and A. D.
Roberts;
A bill for the relief of John H. Baker;
A bill for the relief of Eleanora B. Watkins,
widow of Gassaway Watkins;
A bill for the relief of Samuel A. Grier;
And a bill for the relief of the widow of Lieuten-
ant Richard E. Cochran;
Which were severally ordered to be engrossed,
and, being engrossed, were read a third time, and,
together with Senate bill for the relief of John
Black, late consul of the United States at the city
of Mexico, passed.
RESOLUTIONS OF STATE LEGISLATURES.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, presented resolu-
tions of the Legislature of the State of Mississippi,
in relation to the war with Mexico. Laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PECK presented resolutions ol  the Legis-
lature of the State of Vermont, approving of Asa
Whitney's plan of a railroad from Lake Michigan
to the Pacific Ocean. Laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEF.S.
Mr. HAMMONS, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, reported a joint resolution
relative to evidence in application for pensions.
Also, made adverse reports on the petitions of
John Jones and Christopher Moore. Laid on the
table.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, to which was referred Senate bill for
the relief of Christopher Cunningham, reported
the same back to the House without amendment.
Committed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred House bill to providefor all the officers and
soldiers, regular and volunteer, who have been in-
jured and permanently disabled in the service in
the existing war with Mexico, reported the same
back to the House with an amendment. Commit-
ted.
Also, reported bills for the relief of Robert Wit.
tell and John Wilson; which bills were read and
committed.
Also, made adverse reports on the petitions of
Frederick Taylor, Matthew Machlin, Joseph J.
Watson, Lemuel Parker, Joseph Kelly, Joseph
Brown, Thomas Thompson, and Willliam Rob-
erts. Laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. FULTON, the Committee on
Invalid Pensions was discharged from the peti-
tions of Nehemiah Holladay, James Chester, and
Henry Neely, and they were laid on the table.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Virginia, from the same
committee, reported bills for the relief of William
H. Wilson; of Amos Bull; and of Amos Armstrong;
which bills were severally read and committed.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, asked leave to
make a personal explanation. Objected to.
Mr. FRIES, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made adverse reports on the petitions of
Jonas Dutton.and George Cassady. Laid on the
table.
Mr. W. T. LAWRENCE, from the same com-
mittee, made adverse reports on the petitions of
J Lmchfield Sharpe, John Holland, Frederick Perri-
go, Cornelius Hughes, Jeremiah Harpham, Maria
Hogue, Nathamal Lansdown, James M. Lewis,
and James Coe. Laid on the table.
Also, reported bills for the relief of Edward
Taylor; of Warren Raymond; of Hubert H.
Booley; of William Miller; of Maurice R. Sim-'
mons; of Eliphaz C. Brown, and of Henry N.
ffalsfead; which bills were severally read and
committed.
Mr. WILEV, from the same committee, report-
ed bills for the relief of Robert Ramsey; of John
Farnham; of Andrew Flanagin; of William Gott,
and of Catharine Hoffman; which bills were sev-
erally read and committed.
On motion of Mr. WILEY, the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions was discharged from the
