700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
in the military or civil service of the United Slates, under
appointments from the President, which have not been sub-
mitted to the Senate; and, if there be any such appoint-
ments, that he state the date of such appointments, and why
It is that It has not been in the power of the Pi evident to
submit them to the consideration of the Senate.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee of Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Eugene Van
Ness and John M. Brush, exeeutors of Nehemiah
Brush, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for their relief.
The bill was read, passed to the second reading,
and the report ordered to be printed.
Mr. MASON, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the petition of Gad Hum-
phreys, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for his relief.
The bill was read, passed to the second reading,
and the report ordered to be printed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the same commit-
tee, to whom was referred the bill from the House
of Representatives for the relief of Jacob G-ideon,
reported it with an amendment.
THE SUPREME COURT.
Mr, DAYTON, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill to promote
the despatch of business in the Supreme Court,
and to repeal the second section of the act approved
17th June, 1844, entitled " An act concerning the
Supreme Court of the United States," reported it
without amendment.
NOTARIES PUBLIC.
Mr. BADGER, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to bring in a bill to authorize
notaries public to take and certify oaths, affirma-
tions, and acknowledgments in certain cases; which
was read the first and second times, by unanimous
consent, and referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
THE PUBLIC ARMORIES.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
submitted yesterday by Mr. Clayton, relative to
the manufacture of arms, and it was agreed to.
TONNAGE DUTIES ON SPANISH VESSELS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
submitted by Mr. "VVestcott to repeal or amend
the act of June 30, 1834, concerning tonnage duty
on Spanish vessels; and,
On motion by Mr. WESTCOTT,it was ordered
that it be postponed to, and made the order of the
day for, Monday, the eighth day of May next.
PAYMENT OF INTEREST TO ALABAMA.
Mr. PEARCE moved that the prior orders be
postponed, for the purpose of resuming the consid-
eration of the bill authorizing the payment of
interest on the amount advanced by the State of
Alabama to the General Government, pending the
Creek hostilities in 1836 and 1837.
Mr. CLAYTON hoped that the bill would not
be taken up in the absence of the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] who had been obliged
to return to his home in consequence of sickness
in ins family.
Mr. PEARCE said that he had no intention to
change or modify the bill, but only to add a gen-
eral provision.
The bill was then taken up, and the following
amendment was offered by Mr. Pearce:
£ec. 2. Jhul be it further enacted, That the proper account-
ing ofheers of the Tiea&ury Department be, and they aie
hereby, authorized and directed to liquidate and settle the
claims of the several States, whose claims have not been
heretofore fulh liquidated and settled, according tothepun-
cipifn of tins act,againM.the United States, tor interest upon
lounsor money honowed, and actually expended, by them
respectively, for the u^e and benefit of the United States-,
during the last war with Great lhitam ; as also interest upon
money by Paid States respectively diawn from a fund upon
winch they weie then receiving interest, and which was
In them so expended as aforesaid^ and upon money so bor-
rowed and expended as al'oiesaid, which d^bt was dischanj-
fd i y said State by the tiansfer ot a fund upon which the
Srate was receiving interest.
Skc. 3 Jlnd be it jitrther enacted, That on ascertaining the
amount of mtcre.-t a.> aforesaid, due to the said States re-
fepectwly, the iollovvmgr rules shall govern, to wit:
First, That interest shall not be computed on any sum
expanded which is not evidenced by the amount which has
been or shall be refunded or lepaid by the United State*.
Second. IVo interest shall be paid on any sum for which
the .States did not either pay or io.-einterest as aforesaid.
Third. The rule prescribed b> the Supreme Court of the
United Slate? at its January lurm, [13 Peters, 371,]
sha.il be the rule for adjusting the.>e account-, viz : interest
sliali be calculated up to the time when a payment has been
oi shall be made. To this inteiest the payment shall first
be applied, and if it exceed the interest due, the residue shall
be applied to dimmish the principal. If the payment fall
short of the interest, the balance of the interest shall not be
added to the principal so as t« produce interest.
Sec. 4. Jlndbeit further enacted, That the amount of in-
terest, when ascertained, as afoiesaid, shall be paid out of
any moneys m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. PEARCE. There is nothing new in the
principle of the bill reported by the Committee on
Finance. The piinciple has been recognized on
more than one occasion in this body. Many years
ago it was recognized in the case of the claims of
Maryland, arising out of advances made in the last
war; and it was also recognized in the case of
South Carolina in 1831. The case of South Caro-
lina differed somewhat from that of Maryland. In
that case that State had borrowed money and in-
curred a debt which was liquidated by the transfer
of a fund from which she had derived interest.
The State of Maryland borrowed money for the
purpose of repelling the incursions of the enem^
during the last war. She created a stock for that
purpose, and discharged the debt by the transfer of
United States stock which she held. The princi-
ple applied to these cases by the committee was,
that when the State had lost interest, it was entitled
to it. i propose to make the principle general, and
apply it to ali cases of State claims against the
Government for money advanced in the war of
1812, which have been recognized and admitted,
ido not propose to settle any of the disputed claims,
but only to meet those claims which have been
admitted. That is the object and effect of the first
section of the amendment. The second scction
goes a little further, and is rendered necessary by
the very extraordinary rule adopted by the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury Department in
the calculation of interest. The rule has been, that
when the claim is made up of principal and inter-
est, and payments are made by the United States,
they are applied to the reduction of the principal.
This is manifestly unjust, and is entirely contrary
to the equitable rule observed in transactions be-
tween individuals. 1 have proposed, therefore,
sundry rules intended to modify and correct the
rule adopted by the accounting officers.
Mr. ATHERTON. It seems to me that there
ought to be some examination as to the results to
winch this amendment would lead if adopted. I
concur entirely with my friend from Delaware as
to the propriety of postponing this subject till the
Senator from Virginia, who has had charge of the
bill, who has examined the cases, and is familiar
with all the facts, shall return. Aside from that,
it seems to me that this amendment contains some
principles proposed to be applied to the calculation
of interest in the cases of claims against the Gov-
ernment, which demand our attentive examination.
I suggest, therefore, to the mover of the amend-
ment, that it be printed, in order that we may have
an opportunity of examining it, and that in the
meantime the subject be laid over informally.
Mr. PEARCE acquiesced in this suggestion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator name any particular day for the consideration
of the subject.
Mr. PKARCE. "We propose *to wait till the
Senator from Vnginia returns.
Mr. LE WIS. i hope the Senator will feel bound,
as soon as the Senator from Virginia returns, to
call up this bill.
Mr. PEARCE. I shall do so.
Mr. BAGBY. I wish to make a single remark.
I think it is evident that the apprehensions which
were expressed yesterday are about to be confirmed,
certainly not on account of any design on the part
of the &enator from Maryland, but because, as 1
said, the delay of this bill will be tantamount to its
defeat at the present session. The bill contains but
one single distinct proposition, and that is this,
whether, when a certain amountof money has been
advanced by a State, and applied to the uses of the
General Government, the General Government
will, when it acknowledges and pays the amount
of the principal, pay the interest upon it.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, Tuat the tuither consideration of said bill be
postponed until to-morrow; and that the amendment be
punted.
FREE BRIDGE OVER THE EA&TERN BRANCH.
The bill to provide a free communication across
the Eastern Branch of the river Potomac, in the
District of Columbia, was read the second time, and
considered as m Committee of the Whole.
Air. ATHERTON inquired if there was any
report on this bill ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are no
papers accompanying the bill.
Mr. CAMERON remarked that the whole Dis-
trict was interested in the passage of the bill which
had been unanimously repoi ted by the committee.
Mr. HALE moved to amend the bill by adding
the following section:
u+tind be it further ctuuicd, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be directed to purchase on the same terms the
bridge over Piscataqua river, between Portsmouth, New
Hampshirn, and Kitlcry, m Maine."
Mr. HALE observed that he did not know of
any authority in the General Government to pur-
chase bridges in this District, if they had not au-
thority to purchase bridges elsewhere.
Mr. CAMERON could hardly suppose that the
Senator from New Hampshire was serious in pro-
posing his amendment. The cases were not at all
parallel. It was to be recollected that the Govern-
ment owned seven millions of property in this Dis-
trict,for which no taxes were paid; and it was only
a small act of justice to make the bridges free.
Mr. HALE djd not know whether the Senator
from Pennsylvania was in earnest or not. The
bridge named in his amendment was similarly sit-
uated to the bridge in the bill. It was a bridge
leading to property owned by the Government—
to the navy-yard at Kittery, Maine.
The question was then taken upon agreeing to
the amendment of Mr. Hale, and it was deter-
mined in the negative.
No other amendment being offered, the bill was
reported to the Senate.
On the question, "Shall this bill be engrossed,
and read the third time?" Mr. Allen demanded
the yeas and nays, which were ordered, and it was
determined in the affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Benton, Cameron, Clarke, Clay-
ton, Crittenden, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Missis-
sippi, Dajton, Foote, Greene, Hannesjan, Houston, John-
son of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Pearce, Phelps,
Spruance, Stuigcon, Underwood, XJpham, VVestcott, and
Yulee—23.
NAYS—-Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bagby, Breese,
Douglas, Felch, Hale, Johnson of Georgia, Moor, Niles, and
Turncy—12.
The said bill was read the third time, by unani-
mous consent, and passed.
SETTLERS UNDER ARMED OCCUPATION ACT.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill for the relief of the
bonaJide settlers under the acts for the armed oc-
cupation and settlement of a part of the territory of
Florida; and
On motion by Mr. "VVESTCOTT, it was
Ordered, That the further consideration thereof he post-
poned to, and made the order of the day for, Thursday, the
4th day of May next.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. MASON, in acccordance with the notice
given yesterday, moved to proceed to the consid-
eration of private bills upon the calendar.
Mr. BADGER suggested that it would be bet-
ter to dispose of the California claims bill, which
could be done to-day, and heawould;then join cheer-
fully in promoting the views of the Senator from
Virginia.
Mr. MASON acquiesced in the suggestion, and
observed that he should move to proceed with the
private calendar as soon as the California bill was
disposed of.
THE CALIFORNIA CLAIMS.
The Senate then resumed, as in Committee of
the Whole, the consideration of the bill for ascer-
taining and paying the California claims.
Mr. CLAYTON. In rising yesterday to ad-
dress the Senate on this bill, it was my design to
suggest that some amendment was necessary. In
my opinion, it ought to be provided that the com-
missioners or persons who are to examine these
claims should be sworn or affirmed to discharge
their duties with fidelity. I did not suppose, until
the honorable Senator from South Carolina, who
last addressed the Senate on this subject, men-
tioned it, that there was an idea entertained by
any one that either of the persons to whom the
bill proposed to intrust the examination of these
claims was to decide upon a claim in which he
was personally interested. 1 do not suppose that
any such thing was intended on the part of the
gentlemen who advocated the bill; or that those
high-minded men who were named in the bill
would decide on their own compensation. But,
in order to preclude the possibility of that, I shall
