1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
703
ment, I now proceed to inquire, what is the char-
acter of the duty to be performed ? I suppose
there can be no doubt that that duty is no more
nor less than judicial in its character—strictly ju-
dicial; that this board constitutes an inferior court
to decide between the United States and suitors to
the United States, whether anything, and if any-
thing, what is due to them by us? Is it not judi-
cial? Why, if these claims are all known and
admitted by the United States, pay them at once.
If the claimants are known, and the amount due
to each is known, let it be paid at once. It is be-
cause the claims of these individuals are not admit-
ted, or because, if there be any admitted to exist,
the amount is not admitted, that it has become
important to appoint a board to ascertain the
facts, and to decide upon the facts, and the law
which is to settle the existence of the claims, as
well as the amount to be paid. The duty of
the board, then, is a judicial duty. If I have
read aright the opinion given by the Supreme
Court upon the act relating to the pensions of
widows and orphans, so much relied upon by my
friends from North Carolina and Delaware, [Mr.
Badger and Mr. Ci.ayton,] so far from being an
authority to support the proposition which they
advocate, it is, I think, duectly the other way.
First, it has been introduced as a legislative con-
struction, and, secondly, as a judicial interpreta-
tion. A word on both. To what weight is it
entitled as an instance of legislative construction?
The very judicial interpretation relied upon by my
learned friends on the other side shows that in the
opinion of the Judiciary it was not entitled to any
weight in that aspect. I have got the law before
me, and no man can read it without perceiving that
the question asked by the honorable Senator from
South Carolina [Mr. Buti.kii] can "be answered
only in the affirmative. What did Congress think
"when they passed that act? That they had au-
thority to exact of the judges the performance of
the dudes imposed. "Why, clearly, they thought
that they had the authority to impose upon the
judges the duty of carrying out the provisions of
that act. Whether it was in the contemplation of
Congress that the duties were judicial or extraju-
dicial, is quite immaterial. So far as the act proves
anything of the opinion of Congress upon the ques-
tion of constitutional power, it demonstrates that
they thought they had a right to exact of the
judges the performance of these duties. Had they
any such authority? Let us go to the opinion
relied upon for a different purpose, and we will
find thai the judges unanimously decided, that if
the functions which they were called upon to dis-
charge by that act were not judicial, Congress had
no right to impose them upon them. Why, then,
did they undertake to exercise those functions?
They go on to say, that the duties devolved upon
them by the act did not partake at all of the judi-
cial character—that they look to other employ-
ments and other functions, and therefore Congress
had no power to impose those duties upon them.
But stijl they proceeded to execute the provisions
of the act, and why? Because they considered
themselves merely as commissioners,- although
named by their official designation—that they were
called upon to perform a mere ministerial duty, in
the discharge of which they were willing to accede
to the request of Congtess. How did they come
to that conclusion? Upon two grounds: that what
they were to do in the act was not final, and that
th« whole was to be returned to the Secretary of
War. This is their language:
" That neither the legislative, nor the excrulire branch can
constitutionally assign to -the judicial any duties but such as
are properly judicial, and to be performed in a judicial
manner.
"That the duties assigned to the circuit couits by tlri-i act
are not of that description, and that the act itself does not
appear to contemplate them us such, inasmuch as it subjects
tile decisions of these courts, made pursuant io those duties,
first to the consideration and suspension ot the Secretary of
War, and then to the 1 evasion ol the Legislature; whereas,
by the Constitution, neither the Secretary of War, nor any
other Executive otiieer, nor even the Legislature, are au-
thorized to sit as a court of eriors on the judicial acts or
opinions of this court." J
The provision of the law to which they referred
was this:
" Sec. 4. JJnd be it further cnacted, That the Secretary of
War, upon receipt of the proofs, certificate, and opinion
aforesaid, shall cause the same to be duly filed in his olhce,
and place the name of such applicant on the pension hstof
the United States, in confoinuty thoieto: Provided always,
That in any case where the said Secretary shall have cause
to suspect imposition or mistake, he shall have power to
withhold name of such applicant fiom the pension list,
and make report of the same to Congress at their next
session."
As a legislative construction it is entitled to no
weight. If it proves anything, it proves that Con-
gress thought they had a right to impose the duty
on the judges; the judges decided otherwise. As
a judicial construction it proves nothing but this:
if you are disposed and I am willing to admit that
you may draw that inference, that the judges
would have taken into consideration the constitu-
tionality of the act. What is this bill? Why, it
makes the persons named the judges to examine
the facts and decide upon them. It appropriates
the money just as this board shall think that the
money ought to be appropriated. It distributes
the money just as the board thinks proper. Now,
I know that there is a difficulty not only in relation
to  the particular question which is before the Sen-
ate, but in relation to many other questions as to
the respective powers of the various departments of
the Government. It is not in every instance easy
to draw a distinct line, but that does not prove
that there does not exist a line of demarcation be-
tween fheir separate powers. It has been pro-
posed frequently, for many years past, to consti-
tute a boaid to decide upon all claims existing now
or hereafter against the Government. Now, I put
it to Senators whether it is in the power of the
Legislature to appoint that board. What says the
Constitution?
" lie shall have power, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, to make treaties, provided two-thirds ot the
Senators present concur; and he shall nominate, and by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall appoint
ambassadors, oilier public ministcis and consuls, pidjjes of
the Supieme Couit, and all other ollieers of the United
State*, whose appointments art; not heiein otheiwise pio-
vnled for, and which j,hall be established bylaw - but the
Congress may, by law, vest the appointment ol mk Ii inlenor
ofhceis as Uu.y think proper in the i'residimt alone, in the
courts of law, or hi the huads of dcp utinents.
Can anybody doubt that the three individuals
named in this act will be officers of the United
States, called upon to discharge these particular
functions. What are they, if they be not? Aretliey
the officers of the Congress of the United States,
contradistinguished'from officers of the United
States? Is there such a thing known in the Con-
stitution as an officer of the legislative power as
contradistinguished from an officer of the United-
States, except when, in the words of the Constitu-
tion, the legislative bodies areauthorized to appoint
their ownofficers? No. The moment these com-
missioners come into existence by this act, they at
once become officers of the United States. The
only question remaining is, are their functions such
that they would be considered as having been ap-
pointed merely for the purpose of discharging some
duty not falling within the range of those duties
contemplated by some law of tiie United States.
The honorable Senator from Delaware [Mr. Clay-
ton] tells us that he will not stop to inquire whether
these gentlemen will not, if this law should pass,
be officers of the United States, within the mean-
ing of these terms as used in the Constitution. He
has found out a new power in Congress; and what
is that? It is in the terms " necessary and proper."
How did he make it out? Several Senators who
have spoken on this subject, and perhaps all, have
agreed that there are no three men in the United
States so well qualified to decide upon theseclaims
as the gentlemen named in the act, and thereupon
the Senator from Delaware gravely concludes that
as we have authority to pay the debts of the Uni-
ted States, and to pass all laws necessary to carry
into execution these laws, wemust have the author-
ity to appoint these men.
Mr. CLAYTON. I said that it was a necessary
incident to our legislative powers.
Mr. JOHNSON. Just so. Let us examine
that position. Why, we have sometimes thought
on this side of tfre Chamber, that there was a great
deal of misconduct in some of the Executive de-
partments. In the opinion of some of us, the
Secretary of the Treasury has not faithfully dis-
charged his duty. The Secretary of War has also
been occasionally denounced for neglecting his
duty, or for maladministration of his office. Well,
now, we have the authority to lay and collect taxes,
to raise and support armies. These are legislative
powers. Will the Senator contend, that in order
to carry out these powers with efficiency and fidel-
ity, we must have some authority to appoint the
officers who are to collect the taxes, and conduct
the operations of the army. It is a legislative
power, under the Constitution, to raise and sup-
port armies. There are certain men in. the United
States, in the opinion of Senators, who, alone are
able to march the army to the field- and. conduct it,
to victory. Have we, then, the power to appoint
these officers? To make the declaration of war,
effectual—to effect our object in raising an army,
it may be, in our opinion, absolutely necessary—
and I mention the name in no invidious sense—to
place at the head of the army Genera) Winfield
Scott. Have we a right, then, to place him, by
law, at the head of the army? Again: we have a,
right to levy duties and lay taxes, to pay the pub-
lic debt, and provide for the general welfarft of the.
United States. It is a very material matter to be
considered, in carrying out that power, to whom
shall be intrusted the duty of collecting taxes. I
trust one man, and distrust another. Because we
are clothed with legislative power to lay duties on
imports, and are invested with authority to pass
all laws necessary and proper to carry into execu-
tion all our legislative powers, we will name the
collectors. I defy the ingenuity of man—I speak
now of the argument of the Senator from Dela-
ware—to avoid the conclusion, that the reasoning
of the honorable Senator, if pushed to its legiti-
mate result, must take from the Executive powers
which have never been questioned.
The honorable Senator from Delaware has re-
marked, and perhaps with a good deal of truth,
that the tendency of the times is to curtail the le-
gislative and enlarge Executive power. It gives"
me no alarm and never has at any period. I be-
lieve now, as I have ever believed, that the power
conferred upon the Executive by the Constitution
in two of the particulars most censuied, and, in
the opinion of some, the most practically mischiev-
ous, is indeed the most wholesome grant of power
to bo found in the instrument—I mean the power
of the veto and the power of appointment to office.
I believe, as firmly as I do in my own existence,
that this noble Government could not have lasted
to the present day, if the power of the -veto had not
formed a part of the Executive power, not that it
has not been abused, and in some cases improp-
erly exercised, but because its existence has pre-
vented such mischievous, ruinous, and tyrannical
legislation as would have caused the Union to fall
into fragments. It is this power that secures to
the smaller States all their rights. What do we
often see? Popular passion, excitcd and inflamed,
finding its way into the halls of legislation, and the
rights of the minority trampled upon in violation
of all the guarantees in the Constitution. And
what more than anything else prevents the suc-
cessful assaults of popular passion upon the guar-
antees of the Constitution, except the knowledge
that there exists in the Government one man who
can stop it until the question is submitted to the
sober good sense, better thought, and matured con-
sideration of the people? As to the power of ap-
pointment to office, if I were called upon to take a
part in the formation of the Constitution to-mor-
row, I should give the power to the Executive.
No frian feels higher respect for the Senate of the
United States, or Congress, than I do; but there is
no one, at all familiar with the constitution of le-
gislative bodies, who could, I think, consent that
either House of Congress should exercise such a
power. I admit that there have been abuses of this
power, for where power is great in human hands, it
will be abused. But to talk of the abuse of this pow-
er in the hands of the Executive, and that a remedy
is to be found in taking it upon ourselves, is the
extreme of folly. Were the power of appointment
to office vested m Congress, the most mischievous,
ruinous results would follow. The number of
the " Federalist," upon the subject, is entitled to
great consideration, and addresses itself most fa-
vorably to the understanding of the American peo-
ple, written by Alexander Hamilton, who ever
wrote with a pen which illumined every page on
which it was employed. He shows that it was
not only better to place the power in the hands
of the President, but that it was necessary to do
so.
But what right has my friend from Delaware to
suppose that the President of the United States,
finding the three persons named in the bill to be the
best qualified men in the country, will not appoint
them to discharge this duty? I have a right to
infer, if he is an honest man, and I am not here to
say he is not—if he is an intelligent man, and I am
not here to deny it, that the same evidence that
satisfies the Senate that these men ought to be ap-
