704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28.
pointed, will satisfy and ought to satisfy the Presi-
dent. But again: how does the Senator know that
the judgment of the Senate, which he imagines to
exjst—and I believe it does, so far as I know, with
respect to these individuals—will be the judgment
of the House ? They are to go through an ordeal
of two hundred and thirty members of the other
House. I do not speak of the present instance,
but party considerations may come to interfere with
the selection of individuals to perform the duties
devolved upon them by acts of Congress, if the
power of appointment is to be lodged in the hands
of these legislative bodies. Suppose the House
does not decide that these are the best men to be
selected, and that they insert, instead of this pro-
vision, such a one as has been proposed by the
Senator from Virginia, [Mr..MAson,] would my
friend from Delaware then reject the bill ? Why,
certainly, he could not say that he would not pass
the bill, because unless these men were appointed,
our legislative power will not be properly exercised.
I am very far from saying a word in disparage-
ment of either of the gentlemen named in the bill.
I think they are qualified for this office; but what I
mean to say is, and I say it with all the confidence
which we can have in.such a case as this, that it
will be a great deal better to appropriate the seven
hundred thousand dollars at once, and pay the
money into the hands of Lieutenant Colonel Fre-
mont forthwith, and let him go to California and
pay the claims, than stiike, as I conceive we shall
do in the passage of this bill in its present form, a
blow at the Constitution.
A. word on another topic, and I have done. My
friend from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] yesterday, and on
a former occasion in which he addressed the Sen-
ate upon this bill, stated, that the judgment of
these arbitrators, or whatever you may term them,
would be nothing more than evidence of the ex-
istence of these claims. It is not so. I fully admit
that we can, by a committee of our own body,
have testimony taken upon which the Senate is to
act. I admit that we may authorize testimony to
be taken before any tribunal existing, or we may
create for the purpose a tribunal to take it and re-
port it to us, and on which we are to act in our
legislative capacity, and m order to enable us to act
in that capacity. But this is not the character of
this bill. What these commissioners are autho-
rized to do, is not to collect the evidence, but to
decide the case They are to make no report to us,
upon which we are afterwards to decide, but they
are of themselves, and by themselves, in the exer-
cise of their own judgment, to settle forever the
question, whether there are any California claims,
and if any, what they are, and how much is due.
It is as strictly judicial, as absolutely final upon the
whole matter in dispute between the claimants and
the United States, as would be the decision of the
Supreme Courtof the United States, if it could get
there, and a decision of that tribunal be pronounced
upon the case.
Mr. BADGER. Before I proceed with the re-
marks which I design to offer, it is proper tliat I
should make a preliminary statement, because it
is just to others, and because I ought to apologize
for having so often trespassed on the attention of
the Senate. The particular provision of this bill,
•which has excited so long and so earnest a discus-
sion, was a provision suggested and insisted upon
in the committee by myself, it originated with
me, and with no one else. So far as I know, until
I suggested it, it was thought of by no one else;
and 1 suggested it, of course, under the impression
that we had a right to adopt the provision, which
I still enteitain, notwithstanding the observations
of my friend from Maryland; and because I chose
m devolving the power, to dispose of this amount
of public money, in the peculiar circumstances of
these claims, to know the persons on whose de-
cision and awaid the money was to be disposed
of. Without entering into any inquiry, which, I
must say, was unnecessarily brought forward by
my friend from Maryland, as to what or what
would not be the action of the President of the
United States, if the selection wa3 left to him, I,
for one, did not choose to commit the selection as
a general and indefinite subject of choice to the
discretion of the President or anybody else. But
in making provision for the ascertaining and pay-
ment of claims against the United States, arising
in the peculiar circumstances whieh characterize
these California claims—to be investigated and
decided upon in a foreign country—I, for one, was
not willing that this duty should be devolved upon
any but the persons selected by ourselves.
After this statement, I beg the attention of the
Senate to some observations in reply to the re-
marks which fell from my friend from Maryland.
In the first place, I wish to notice an observation
made by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason.]
He said, if I understood him aright, that 1 knew
that in courts of law nothing was considered as au-
thority except the decision or adjudication of an
appellate tribunal.
Mr. MASON. If the Senator will allow me, I
will state what I said. I remarked that the Sena-
tor from North Carolina well knew that in a court
of law no decision was taken as authority butthat
whieh had been made directly upon the point under
consideration. I mean by that, that in a subordi-
nate court the decision of an appellate court is the
law of the court.
Mr. BADGER. So I understood the Senator.
Before I proceed to examine the nature and char-
acter of the precedents relied upon here, allow me,
in reference to that point, to say, that so far from
.understanding it to be as the Senator from Vir-
ginia supposes, 1 understood that the authority
which guides a courtof law embraces not only the
case of an express adjudication made upon the
point, and made in a higher tribunal, but that, in
the sense in which we use the term " authority,"
courts of law consider themselves bound by their
own adjudication, even when they do not consti-
tute the appellate tribunal. They feel themselves
bound by the course and practice of their own
court. They feel themselves bound by the judi-
cial course of proceeding of their predecessors in
office. But what do weimean by thus being bound ?
Why, of course, not bound, in the sense in
which an inferior tribunal is bound to exeeute
the decision of the superior court. The inferior
tribunal is bound to obey, and can be compelled to
obey. But by authority I mean those judicial meas-
ures which morally coerce the determination of
the judge, whether they satisfy his understanding
as a lawyer or not. There can be, of course, no
physical coercion—the judge is not liable as he
would be for his contempt of the mandate of a
superior tribunal; but he is judicially coerced to
take that ground because it has been so decided.
I beg to refer to what has been said by two or
three distinguished judges on this subject. [The
honorable Senator quoted from Coke,Itenyon, and
others.] These, then , are the great principles upon ]
which courts of justice recognize not only adjudi- ;
cated cases, but the constant practice of the courts, i
as being authority to direct them in the decisions
to which they come; and though, upon examina-
tion, it appears that " wisdom willeth to the con-
trary," they cannot for that reason disregard it.
They must understand that if there had been just
foundation for objection, it would have been taken,
by some of the counsel or judges, and that the
point would not have been permitted to pass sub
silentio. It is a necessary, inevitable rule. Not-
withstanding what may be said by gentlemen in
theory, and said with great sincerity, as it was :
said by the Senator from Virginia—and I know
that what he speaks heie and elsewhere he speaks |
sincerely-—yet, in point of fact, we cannot get
along with the administration of this Government
without habitual reference to the precedents estab-
lished by those who have gone before us.
I now beg the^ attention of the Senate to what
wa3 said by my friend from Maryland, in order to
escape the force of the decision of the judges in
1192: and let me say that what was ruled by them
is ot paramount importance, both on account of the
person who wrote it and the time when it was !
written. That eminent person, Chief Justice, Jay, ji
who presided in the circuit court which came to ':
this conclusion, was not only entitled to all confl- ;j
dence and respect on account of the most pureand |l
unsullied integrity—integrity never surpassed by ,j
that possessed by any human being; not only on ;j
account of his eminent legal learning and high men- '
tal powers; but because it so happened that be- jj
sides^being contemporaneous with the adoption of ji
the Constitution and the discussions upon it, he !■'
furnishes uswth almost an authentic interpreta-
tion of that instrument. He had studied it in ail
its parts, and the time when this decision was made
was immediately after the Constitution was put into
operation^ There was no party excitement—no
heats to distract the judgment or mislead the prop-
er exercise of the understanding—-no distrust of
the great and good man then at the head of this
nation, as he stood prominently before the world
at large. It was a question decided simply upon
intrinsic merits. Well, now, let us see what was
decided. My friend from Maryland and myself
do not agree as to the decision. He contends that
the judges decided that the duties devolved upon
them were judicial. Why? Because the judges
were to do nothing but simply to collect testimony,
and, in the next place, they were not to decide
judicially, but to report to the head of the depart-
ment. I think my friend is entirely mistaken as
to what the enactment is. The judges were not
merely to collect testimony, for the second section
of the act provides: [The honorable Senator read
the seclion which has been already given.]
Well, now, did the judges understand that they
were merely to get together and collect testimony?
No. _ The act confines them to no such duty, but
requires their decision to be made, their opinion
to be written, and transmitted to the head of the
department. The decision of the court was both
according to the act as it plainly reads, and, what
is more important on the present occasion, us the
judges understood it. They understood it to be
an act under which they were to take testimony,
form an opinion, and certify a decision. The hon-
orable Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Cal-
houn] shakes his head. He will have an oppor-
tunity when I have concluded to showthat 1 am
in error. The words of the act I have read, ami
they sustain me in the view which I have taken.
Mr. CALHOUN. I shook my head because
the practice of the office is quite the contrary.
Mr. BADGER. What office?
Mr. CALHOUN. The Pension Office—under
the direction of the War Department. The prac-
tice is entirely different.
Mr. BADGER. I have not said one word about
the practice of the Pension Office. It may be any-
thing or nothing.
Mr. CALHOUN. The Senator spoke of the
decision of the judges as being final in the pension
cases.
Mr. BADGER. I stated , as a pertinent answer
, to the Senator from Maryland, that the judges i f
' the circuit court of the United States did not con-
sider ttiat they were discharging a mere ministerial
! funcuon in collecting testimony, but that they were
j to come to an opinion and certify their decision;
and one of their objections to the act was, that
their decision was to be reconsidered, and did not
operate by*its own power. The judges say that
they decline to execute the duties imposed upon
them. The duties imposed upon them were not
judicial, and the Legislature did not contemplate
1 them to bejudicial. What,then,did the judgesdo?
This is the real point of the matter. This is an
act of Congress, which says that the judges of the
circuit courts shall exercise certain functions. The
judges say, thatas judges of the circuit court, Con-
gress has no right either to compel us to exercise
these functions, or to confer them upon us. So far
as the act was an attempt to confer anything upon
the judges, as judges, it was, so far as the opinion
went, annulled. Whatdothejudgessaynext? That
they will understand theact as appointing them com-
1 missioners by official instead of personal descrip-
tion. For instance, the judges say that they will
understand the act to mean, that in the State of
New York, John Jay, and the other two judges
named, shall be commissioners. Then the judges
assume that Congress could by the act have ap-
pointed three commissioners by name, for the
ground upon which they act is, that Congress
have appointed three individuals, not as officers,
describing them by their official instead of personal
description. They say it is a tender of an office
to them; for they say, " as therefore the business
'assigned this court by the act is not judicial, nor
'directed to be performed judicially, the act can
'only be considered as appointing commissioners
' for the purposes mentioned in it by official instead
'of personal descriptions." The judges regard
themselves as the aornmissioners designated^ by
this act, and, therefore, being at liberty to accept
or decline that office. And what did they do?
Why, they proceed to accept the office and dis-
charge the duties of it; uud with an extreme soli-
citude to show that they had not assumed these
duties as judges, they adjourned the court from
day to day as usual, and in the intervals heard this
evidence, and formed the opinion which the lav/
required. How is it possible, if this case is to be
