THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, MAY 4, 1848.
New Series No. 45.
respected, that the ingenuity of man can get over
it? Tj7hat is the case now before the Senate? It
is to appoint certain persons to discharge certain
functions, which the gentlemen on the other side
say constitute ah office. Well, in a certain sense
of the word "office," I shall not deny it. But it
is said that we have no power to designate those
as the individuals who are to perform these duties.
But precisely the same thing was done in the act
of '92, and the judges declared that Congress had
the undoubted power to name these commission-
ers, and that they had the right either to accept or
decline the office of commissioners, on which they
proceed to accept and discharge the duties.
My friend from Maryland has discovered a very
ingenious mode of getting rid of the weight of this.
He says that the judges in that case determined
that the duties were not judicial; and that, there-
fore, there is no precedent here; and why? He
says that the duties conferred upon the persons
named in the amendment to the bill are strictly
judicial duties. His whole argument is based upon
that,and yet, if I understand it, he ha3 no objection
to the amendment offered by the honorable Senator
from Virginia. Let us look into this for a moment.
He has asked, very triumphantly, if, under the
Constitution, there are any officers known except
officers of the United States? I reply by another
interrogatory—is there any judicial power known
under this Constitution but the judicial power of
the United States ? I presume (lie answer must be
in the negative. Well, then, is my friend willing
to vote for the provision proposed by the Senator
from Virginia ? The provision of the Constitution
is clear and express, that the whole judicial power
of the United States—there is no exception—shall
be vested in one Supreme Court, and in suchinferi-
, or tribunals as the Congress may from time to time
ordain and establish; and that the judges of all these
eourts shall hold their office during good behaviour.
Now, if my friend be sincere—and no doubt-he is,
there is no man more sincere than he, as there is
no man more generally correct; buton this occasion
he is, I think, singularly mistaken—if he be correct
in maintaining that the powers to be exercised by
these commissioners are judicial powers, must he
not admit that they cannot be conferred except upon
a court of the United States? This is clear. The
Constitution is imperative. No human ingenuity
can make a difficulty about it. Well now, fie mast
take one side or the other. If the power be judi-
cial, he cannot confer it upon the commissioners;
he must confer it upon a court If it be not a judi-
cial power within the Constitution of the United
States, the argument of the Senator falls to the
fround. He may take either horn of the dilemma.
t is impossible that lie can escape from it, with all
his learning, and acuteness, and long experience
in the courts. Jt is a judicial power, or it is not.
Ho affirms it to be judicial. Then it can be invested
only in a court of the United Stales. If not judi-
cial, his argument falls, for it is based upon that
assumption.
I do not understand the Senator as denying that
Congress may appoint an arbitrator. So far as 1
•know, thut has not been denied by any gentleman
who has spoken on the subject. Are not the func-
tions of arbitrators judicial? How are they de-
scribed kt the ordinary language of the books ? An
arbitrator, instead of being a judge appointed by
• public-authority to decide, is a private judge nomi-
nated by the parties in the controversy. Can any-
thing be clearer? What was the question about
the Pea Patch Island ?
Mr. BUTLER, (in his seat.) Did the Senator
ever hear of an tp parte arbitrator?
Mr. BADGER. I shall notice that before I
have ddrie. The Senator is something like my
honorable friend from Maryland; he did not sur-
vey the whole ground before he ventured his po-
sition. It is conceded that we can appoint an
arbitrator. It is beyond dispute that the functions
of an arbitrator are judicial. It is, therefore, mani-
fest, whatever other difficulty may exist, that so
far as the aigument of my friend from Maryland
\which he brought forward with a considerable air
of triumph,and announced as conclusive) is conclu-
45
sive, if against anything, it is conclusive against the
bill in either of the forms contemplated, and makes
it necessary that we should establish a court and
make judges for good behavior. But I was about
to remark, that this unusual mode of interpretation
would place lis in this extraordinary position. He
says that to audit and settle accounts against the
United States is a judicial power within the Con-
stitution of the United States, and that the judicial
power cannot by law be treated otherwise than as
a judicial power. And yet he admits that we may
authorize any of our committees, if we'plcase, to
examine into these claims, to produce the evidence
and to furnish it to us, and that then we can decide
the claims, and that when we have come to a con-
clusion we can act upon it and pay the money.
Well, then, if to examine into claims be a judicial
power, where did Congress get that power? Where
can it be devolved, according to the plain letter of
the Constitution, but in the courts of the United
States? What is the result? We cannot adopt
such an interpretation of the Constitution. It
would not only make th* Constitution mischiev-
ous, but impracticable. It would make it not only
inoperative as beneficially as it might operate, but
would prevent it from moving at all. If this rule be
true, the business of Government cannot be carried
on a day. Are not claims settled, audited, and de-
termined upon, and paid by your Committee of Ac-
counts in this Chamber, and, when so settled, are
paid by disbursing ollicers of this body fiom the
contingent fund placed as their disposal ? As was
said by my friend from Kentucky the other day,
is it not clear, and such must be the effect, that to
a certain extent there are powers of an Executive
character which we exercise, of a legislative char-
acter that the judges exercise, and of a judicial
kind that we exercise? How are we to ascertain
the true boundaries upon this subject? I humbly
apprehend by no other possible rule than that of
plain common sense, unless we intend to embar-
rass ourselves at every step by technical difficul-
ties. We arc to interpret the Constitution accord-
ing to the sense in which it was formed by the plain
men who were its authors, and put it into execu-
tion. We are to continue to carry it out as it has
been executed heretofore, without a doubt express-
ed from any quarter sufficiently eminent to have
it handed down to us. As was well said by my
friend from Delaware, Congress is charged with
this special duty, of paying the debts of thcUnited
States; and is it not a strange and extraordinary
interpretation to say that Congress may not ascer-
tain and pay the debts of the United States, with-
out calling in the action of the Executive branch
of Government to assist them? That is the neces-
sary result of his argument when pushed to its
extreme. We cannoteven pay the charges against
our contingent fund without an appeal to the Ex-
ecutive—it the argument of the gentleman from
Maryland lio sound. The whole Government be-
comes impracticable, if such be the true interpre-
tation of the Constitution.
The case put by the Senator from Maryland,
about appointing a general to take charge of the
army, so far from interfering with my argument,
strongly confirms it. We propose to ascertain and
pay a debt. T'lnt is the exercise of a function con-
ferred upon us by the Constitution. With regard
to this case also, the honorable Senator entirely
overlooks the fact, that although Congress has the
power to declare war, and therefore, as I conceive
—though some gentlemen do not even admit that—
as an incident to the power of declaring war, the
right to declare the purpdse for which the war is
to oe waged, yet it is conceded by all that as the
President of the United States is, by the Constitu-
tion of the Unifed States, commander-in-chief of the
army of the United States, the actual direction of
the army must be in his hands. Therefore, if we
were to undertake by law to appoint officers in his
arftiy, it would obviously be a violation of the Con-
stitution. My friend also lays down, that where
the power irkquestion is purely legislative, it fol-
lows that Congress has a right to adopt just ex-
actly the. agents foi? its execution that they deem
most proper. Wherethepower is of an executive
character the officer must-be appointed by the Pres-
ident.
My friend from Maryland conceives that the
amendfnentis more exceptionable than the original
provision of the bill, because the latter named only
one of the persons, whereas the former names all
three. Now, I say, on the contrary, to him, that
for that very reason I consider the amendment a
great deal better than the hill; for what is the ob-
jection with respect to the constitutional power?
Beyond all doubt, if we name one of the gentle-
men, we can name the three; and therefore the
amendment remains on the same footing as if one
only were named. I had supposed that it was
fenerally understood that the amendment would
e satisfactory; not, as the Senator from Mary-
land supposes, that the recommitment was maSe
because a majority of the Senate was opposed to
the bill, but because some Senators were of opin-
ion that debate and difficulty would ensue. Some
debate had sprungup, and itwas thought advisable
to avoid the delay which discussion would occa-
I sion, and that, therefore, it was advisable to pre-
I sent an amendment which would obviate theobjec-
j tions that had been urged. What docs the bill
I propose? He says that it'devolves judicial pow-
| ers. What are they? Why, there are certain
[ claims, the amounts of which, and the persons to
I whom due, are not ascertained. This bill appoints
I three persons, with authority to examine into these
| claims, and provides, that upon their certificate the
| claims shall be paid. Now, the Sejjator admits
' that Congress has the right to prescribe rules of
evidence, and this bill only provides that.the c<y-
tificates of these commissioners shall be evidence
of the justice of these claims. He admits" that
there is no objection, provided they all shall under-
go the supervision of Congress or heads of depart-
ments. But if Congress has the right to prescribe
what shall be prima facie evidence, where is there
a constitutional prohibition against their prescrib-
ing what shall be conclusive evidence? What is
the course of all legislative bodies? Some evidence
they make presumptive; some prima facie; some
absolutely conclusive, beyond which none of the
parties can go. The very recital in the preamble
of a general statute of the existence of a certain
state of facts is not only high evidence, but, as
I conceive, conclusive evidence in every court.
In England, even the statement of certain facts
in a proclamation issued by the sovereign, and
published in the State gazette, is prima facie evi-
dence in nil courts of the existence of such facts.
All governments exercise this power, and the busi-
! ness of no government can go on without it. What
i are these men to do? I am not disputing about
terms, but about the substance of things. No
matter whether they certify to the existence of
claims upon their own knowledge, or by the knowl-
edge of others communicated to them, their certifi-
cate is nothing but an authority to the proper pay-
master or disbursing officer to pay the amount
which is ascertained to be due. 1 have said that
I do consider it highly expedient to appoint these
commissioners. An unbroken course of action on
the part of this Government, and, if I am capable
of understanding it, the solemn decision of a high
tribunal, shows that Congress have the power to
confer upon these persons the power to.discharge
the duties presented by the bill before the Senate.
Mr. CALHOUN. I rise, before the question is
put, to make a very few remarks on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Delaware to the amend-
ment reported by the committee, which will, 1
suppose, in point of order", be put first. That
amendment provides that these officer®, commis-
sioners, or whatever they may be called,' shall be
sworn to perform their duties faithfully, secondly,
that they shall not decide upon anyctaims in which
any of them may be interested; and thirdly, that
in cases where any claim has been transferred, the
assignee shall receive no-farther compensation than
the amount which they paid for the claim with
legal interest: This amendment deserves a good
deal of-consideration. - I am struck with the use
of the word "appoint" in it. It says "the per-
eons iippointea- to perfoi-m these duties." If you
