1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
707
out into the neighborhood, it is generally circu-
lated at a depreciation; indeed, I have known them
sacrificed at one quarter their value. It is not
peculiar to these claims, but incident to all, when
the Government is not ready to make payment. I
repeat, sir, if you subject these claimants to the
necessity of coming here to recover their claims,
you put it altogether out of their power to receive
.payment.
- Mr. CALHOUN. No one supposes that these
claimants are to come here to recover their claims.
The question is, first, by whom will you allow
them to be investigated and paid ? by persons ap-
pointed by yourselves, and wholly irresponsible,
or by persons appointed in conformity .with the
requisitions of the Constitution ? The next ques
tion is, will you have them settled by the very men
who incurredvthe expenses? There being a neces-
sity for knowledge in regard to the claims, I should
think it very desirable to appoint some officer who
served in California to be a member of the board.
My opinion is, that the true way is to send a quar-
termaster and commissary there, and, if necessary,
"to add a third person. Take any officer. I have
no objection that it should be Colonel Fremont.
He gave the orders, and very properly, I have no
doubt; those orders must be presented to the com-
missary, and be fortified by his endorsement.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. In the progress
of this discussion, allusions, which I consider
equally unjust as unkind, have been made in rela-
tion to the conduct of the committee by whom
this bill and amendment were reported. It was
within the knowledge of the committee that inde-
terminate claims against our government for sup-
plies furnished to the battalion of Colonel Fremont,
existed in California, and"that the failuie to make
payment in these cases had produced a dissatisfac-
tion which could not be otherwise than dangerous
to whatever interests we may have in that remote
■country. To silence complaint, to appease discon-
tent, and to secure our Government against fraud,
and the future annoyance of manufactured claims,
the plan which the committee have adopted was
presented to the Senate. It approximates as nearly
as the present state of the case will allow the estab-
Jighed usage, ami the bill as amended seemed to us
beyond the reach of constitutional objection. It
has been said that the word "appoint" was care-
fully avoided. Sir, the purpose of appointing offi-
cers was not entertained; and it therefore required
little care to avoid the use of any word which
would convey such an idea. Claims which could
not be settled by the accounting officers of our
Government were presented to our consideration.
We believed them to constitute a just demand
against us, and a bill was mlrodnced to legalize
tlTem. The first and controlling question is, will
Congress declare them to be valid? if this be de-
cided in the affirmative, payment must bo ordered
as a consequence; and theie remains but the minor
consideration, the manner of discharging the ad-
mitted obligation. A portion of the debt is estab-
lished by regular vouchers, which it is ordered
shall be paid as ascertained claims. If Congress
receive the testimony to these cases as sufficient,
and order payment thereon, have we not the same
right to specify how the validity shall be deter-
mined of those which are denominated unascer-
tained claims' Surely the decision can lie made
by us as to what testimony shall be deemed suffi-
cient to establish whether a claim be a debt of this
Government or not; otherwise it would be idle
for \js to entertain any proposition to examine a
claim presented to our consideration.
The Senator from South Carolina treats this as
an ordinary case of army disbursement, and seems
to me to confound the rights of those who furnish
supplies to our troops with the accounts of the dis-
bursing officers of the army. It is the tetter which
are adjusted, as he states, m the auditing offices
here. The payment for the supplies furnished to
our army is ordinarily made in the field by the
appropriate officers, and first heard of here through
the accounts of those by whom the disbursements
were made. If the commissary and quartermaster,
and paymaster, to this battalion in California had
been supplied with funds, these elaims would have
been paid as they arose. The whole case was an
irregular one, and if deemed worthy, requires an
unusual course in relation to it. Hence the propo-
sition for special legislation. The officers named
irtthe bill were those under whose orders, or by
whom ike debts were contracted; they have ceased
to be officers, and it is proposed to revive their
functions so far as may be necessary to complete
their vouchers, and to determine 'how far, by their
former official acts, they have rendered their Gov-
ernment responsible. It is not only true that they
are best qualified to do justice between the parties,
but it is further tru« that they alone can give to these
claims the form which will admit of their being
finally audited by the United States Treasury.
The commanding and purchasing officers of the
California battalion, and they only, can reduce
these claims to the established forms, and give to
them their appropriate character. But those who
held such positions in this case are no longer in
the service; to give force to their acts, it is neces-
sary by law to revive the functions of their expired
officcs. That it is proposed to do to the extent
required, for the purpose declared, and no further.
Those who deny the justice of these claims—those
who refuse to acknowledge the responsibility of
our Government for the debts contracted by the
persons named in the bill, when they were officers
of the California battalion, may properly refuse to
extend the functions of these ex-officers to the end
that they may perfect their accounts; but such as
admit our obligation to pay for the purchases they
made for the use of that battalion, are, I think,
constrained to grant to them such powers as will
i enable the Government justly to discharge its obli-
gations to its creditors. The connection of#the
persons named in the bill with the transactions out
of which the claims arose, instead of being an ob-
jection, as has been assumed, constitutes the only
sufficient reason for having named them. Such is
the connection which ali commanding and disburs-
ing officers necessarily have to army expenditures
and puichases. Had the campaign been regularly
ordered and supplied, these persons would, m
their official character, have made purchases and
payments upon just such accounts as it is now
proposed to authorize them to prepare. That pay-
ment may be made by an officer of the Govern-
ment,'who is to be provided with funds lor that
purpose. The supposition that the check imposed
by the auditors m other cases is to be here dis-
pensed with, is entirely erroneous. A power is
given to the persons named in the bill, which will
enable them to perfect their accounts; but as they
have ceased to be officers, it is not proposed to in-
trust them with funds for payment. If the Presi-
dent shall choose to avail himself of the means
provided in this bill, he will give his instructions;
and it is fair to suppose that they will require all
accounts to be as fully vouched as they would have
been had payment been made by these persons
i when they were officers. The disbursing officer
who may be sent out will, of course, only make
payment upon fully authenticated vouchers, and
his accounts will be subject to the same revision
heieas would have been made had the claims been
paid originally. The amount, though certainly
important, is small, compared to the disburse-
ments which have, in the progress of tins war,
been made by individual quartermasters. The
paying officer in this case will give to the Govern-
ment the same assurance of integrity and accuracy
which is possessed in other cases where officers
are intrusted with sums vastly disproportionate to
their bond. The good faith which has heretofore
been keptin ourarmy disbursements does not war-
rant apprehension upon the present occasion.
To maintain the credit of the Government, so as
to exclude distrust from entering into the calcula-
tions of those who sell to our officers, is an obiiga-
j tion which it requires no argument to enforce; but
i more than usual care is demanded when, as in
! this instance, our dealing has been with those who
] have the best means to know our intentions, and
who may be supposed most ready to suspect our
integrity. Nor should time be allowed to accu-
mulate., and the value of the claims to dcpreciate
in the hands of original holders, or be transferred
to others who seek to speculate on the feais or ne-
cessities of those who have become creditors of
the Government. At the present session of Con-
gress the committees of both Houses have reported
upon a case of deferred payment of a claim grow-
ing out of supplies furnished to our troops in
Florida, that a decision which placed the rights of
the claimant under the rules applicable to a dis-
bursing officer was not reputable to our Govern-
ment.' Disreputable and truly unfortunate will it
be, sir, when those who supply our army with
food, or clothing, or transportation, shall b# re-
quired to wait until the purchasing officer shall have
submitted his accounts to the scrutiny of the audit-
ing officers of his Government, with hopes an$
fears dependent upon the decision, but with the
certainty, if it be adverse, that his property is gone,
and that no redress is left to him.
The question which contains all others is, wiH
you legalize the " California elaims ?" If so, then
the direct and just mode is, to send those in whose
official action these claims originated to collect the
vouchers and perfect their accounts, to the end
that prompt payment may be made.
Mr. WESTCOTT. The amendment of the Sen-
ator from Delaware asserts a rule which 1 should
be sorry to see carried into effect in relation to any
claim whatever. 1 have heard a great deal about
speculations, and no doubt there is a great deal of
speculation carried on; but it appears to me that
the mode proposed to suppress speculating is a
most shocking one to be adopted by the Govern-
ment. What is it? A B has a claim, C D buys
it, and the Government puts the profits of the trans-
action, when they pay C D, into their own pockets.
I can well understand that there must be great de-
preciation in the value of claims. Already a year
or two have elapsed since the claims accrued, and
there is no certainty now that this - bill will pass..
Who, then, supposes that a purchaser would give
the full amount? And if he do not, are we tn pun-
ish him, as if he had committed a crime? There
would be some more justice in this, if the motion
I am about to make should prevail. It is to strike
out that part of the amendment of the Senator from
Delaware which relates to the purchasers of the
claims, or else to add to it these words: but the
residue shall be paid to the original claimant." I
do not see any right on the part of this Govern-
ment to set itself up as a legal tribunal to try the
rights of the original claimant and his assignee. I
do not see any propriety in the Government med-
dling in these accounts. If the Government owes
a hundred dollars, let them pay it honestly; and if
there is any difficulty between the claimants, let
them settle it between themselves. I have no idea
of the Government mixing itself up in such mat-
ters. I will ask for a division of the subject; for
1 cannot vote for this bill if it contain such a pro-
vision as this. I have seen the principle attempted
to be carried.out arbitrarily by the accounting offi-
cers of the Government, in former times, who set
themselves to decide questions between the as-
signees and the original holders of claims.
Mr. CLAYTON. The object of that part of
the amendment was to prevent imposition upon
the Government by speculators, and I consider it
desirable that some such provision should exist.
With regard to the sus^estion made by the Sena-
tor from Florida, that the amount of discount from
the claim which the speculator has possessed shall
be paid to the original holders, I have not the
slightest objection to it. I am quite willing that
the Government shall be held responsible for the
whole amount, but I do not wish that the specu-
lator should receive that for which he has not paid
value.
Mr. FOOTE. There is a matter which requires
our attention in Executive session; and as I see
no probability of taking the vote upon this bill to-
night, I move that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of Executive business.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the honorable Sena-
tor will withdraw that motion, and allow the ques-
tion to be taken upon the bill. 1 shall be compelled
to leave the city in the morning, and I am anxious
to give my vote upon the bill.
Mr. FOOTE. With the understanding that the
vote be taken, I will withdraw the motion for the
present.
Mr. MANGUM.
I move that the Senate ad-
joiini.
Several Senators. Oh, no; proceed with the
bill.
Mr. MANGUM. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 hope my motion for an Exec-
utive session will now be entertained; and lor that
purpose, I move that the further consideration of
the bill be postponed until to-morrow. .
Mr MASON. Let the vote be taken on that Mo-
tion , as a test whether we will vote upon the bill
The question being taken on the postponement,
lt Mr CLAYTON modified his amendment, by
adding the words suggested by the Senator from
Florida.
