708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
The question being about to be put on agreeing
to the amendment offered by Mr. Clayton, the
amendment was read.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I voted to lay this bill
over until to-morrow, hoping that the Senate "would
reflect upon the subject. What right have we to
interfere with contracts between individuals? It
is a subject of legitimate contract,
Mr. RUSK'. They are not legal obligations,
consequently they are not the subject-matter of
bargain and sale. We make them legal by this
bill, and, in legalizing them, we have a right to
control them.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Equitable claims are the
subjects of sale. * !!
Mr. CLAYTON. The claim is good for nothing j;
in the hands of the speculator, until we make it
good for something. We, by this bill, make it
food to the full amount paid by the speculator, and
am willing to go no further m his favor, but I am
•willing to give to the original holder the whole.
Thus the Government will make nothing out of it,
but the original claimant will be protected.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire to make another
remark or two, because X look upon this matter as
one of some consequence. The suggestion T made
is attempted to be obviated by the Senator from
Delaware, by saying that there is no claim legal or
equitahle.
Mr. CLAYTON. I do not say they are not
equitable. ;
Mr. XJNDERWOOD. If equitable, then they j
are the subject of contract between man and man; j
and if they be the subject of contract, there may ,
be contracts already made, and this Government ]
is attempting to annul them, and set aside those ■
contracts. That is the effect of it. If there be no 1
claim at all, either of a legal or equitable character,
then there is no utility in your enactment. I deny
that you have a right to do anything of the kind.
Jin any point of view, what positiondo you occupy?
You say that valuable services have been rendered
to the country; that the people of California have }
rendered services of which you are deriving the 1
benefit, and while you acknowledge this, you say
there is no right, legal or equitable, which can be :
the subject of contract.
But how will this operate in another point of j
view? Suppose I have one of these claims, and i
sell it for one half of its amount, according to this 1
amendment, one-half will come to me when the i
final settlement 13 made by the Government. If |
the purchaser then comes to me and says, I pur- ]
chased this claim of you, and paid your price for ;
it-, what would I, as an honest man, be bound to !
do under these circumstances' Why, most un-
doubtedly, to hand him the whole of the money.
It was a fair, legal transaction; the money was
advanced by the purchaser, and received by me.
I should be Only fulfilling an obligation, which
honor and conscience would render imperative, by
paying over to him the money. This is what
would be done by those who are honest; whilst
the dishonest, considering themselves absolved by
the act of Congress from the obligation to refund
the money, would refuse to do so. Now, I am
not wililing, by the adoption of this amendment,
to sanction any of those principles; and I hope
the bill will be postponed, and that the Senate will
reflect more maturely upon the matter.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, called for a divi-
sion of the amendment.
The question was then taken upon the first clause
of Mr. Clayton's amendment, as modified, to
the amendment reported from the Committee on
Military Affairs; and it was agreed to. It is as
follows:
Sec. o. Jln.l he it further enacted, That the, persons hei eby
designate U to examine the said claims t-lm.ll, before they en-
ter mi tup duties aligned to thorn, be fir-t dul\ sworn or
ai'sii m< (i to laitl.faiiy pedorm the duties de\olved on them
by fh^iict; and that in no ca^-e shall they, or either of them,
ex<iiii'ti< or aiJ< w .my cl.um of winch lie or any of th^m
per-onai'y to icCi-ue any part
The question was then taken upon the remain-
ing clause of Air. Clayton's amendment, as mod-
ified, which is as follows:
And 111 all where any claim has been assigned or
tran-'tt-'rred by the original claimant, the assignee shall be
allow..i no moi ih?>n lie paid tor tho claim, and the residue
of the clami shall he paid to the original claimant.
And it was determined in the negative.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Mason, and it was determined in the nega-
tive, as follows:
YEA&—-Messrs. Bagby, Butler, Calhoun, Foote, Johnson
of Maryland, Johnson of Georgia, Mansrum, Mason, Moor,
Niles, Turney, Underwood, and Yulee—13,
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Atchison, Badger, Benton, Breese,
Brferht, Cameron, Cass, Clarke, Clayton, Davis of Mississip-
pi, Douglas, Folch, Hannegan, Houston, Johnson of Louisi-
ana, Itusk, Spruance, Sturgeon, and Westeott—20.
The amendment reported from the Committee
on Military Affairs, as amended, was then agreed
to.
No further amendment being made, the bill was
reported to the Senate, and the amendment concur-
red in; and the bill was read the third time, and
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. FOOTE, the Senate proceed-
ed to the consideration of Executive business, and,
after a short time spent therein, the doors were re-
opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, April 29, 1848.
TheJournalof yesterday was read and approved.
A message m writing was received from the
President of the United States, by the hands of J.
K. Walker, Esq., his Private Secretary.
Mr. McKAY moved a reconsideration of the
following resolution, adopted 011 Friday:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House receive proposal*
for binding books and documents oidered by the Hou.se, and
that he s uhmit the same to the Committee on Accounts for
its examination and appioval.
In support of his motion, Mr. McK. referred to
a letter written by the Clerk of the^ House to the
chairman of the Committee on Accounts, from
which the House would see that there existed
already an implied contract between the House
and the public printers, which covered this bind-
ing of documents printed by the House's order.
It had for the last twelve years been understood
on all hands that the public printer, whoever he
! might be, was entitled to a contract for binding
; ordered—it being considered as^.n incident to tlid
public printing.
i He had recently called at the office of the present
! printers of the House, and had learned from them
that, 111 pursuance of a suggestion of the Clerk of
, the Hoube that such was then* right, < they had
- already entered into a contract for the binding re-
| ferred to in the resolution. This being the ease,
! Mr. McK. asked whether the House was ready
to incur a double expense, which must follow if
both contracts were fulfilled? His object m rising
i had not been that any immediate a'ction should be
1 lmd upon the subject, but merely to move a recon-
i sideruuon, and let the motion iie over for a few
! days, so that the House should have time to in-
1 quire more fully into the case, and prepare some
i amendments to the resolution.
1 Here a letter was read from the Clerk of the
) House to the chairman of the Committee on Ac-
counts, in relation to the custom which has hereto-
|| fore prevailed in contracting for binding. Some
j| conversation ensued.
■ I Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, was op-
!j posed to any unnecessary delay in regard to this
j; lesolution, and thought the subject had better be
disposed of at once. Thete was an important
1 documentprintedeveryyearbyordftrofthe House,
which was too valuable not to deserve to be pre-
ji served m a permanent form, which would not be
j] the case so long as it was left unbound; that valu-
!' able public document, as matters now stood, was
I; in a <j;reat measure lost to the country. He was
desirous of seeing an arrangement at once entered
;! into by which it should be bound, and thus put
;j into a form in which it could be preserved in public
jj and private libraries as a book of reference. It
,i cost the country a vast sum of money, which was
now to a great extent wasted. He hoped the reso-
fj lution of yesterday would not vbe reconsidered.
The gentleman from North Carolina was under a
ij mistake; he had misconceived the nature of the
| resolution if he supposed that its adoption would
ij necessarily involve a double contract and a double
expense. The resolution provided that the pro-
posals to be received by the Clerk for the contract
for binding (1 should be submitted to the Commit-
tee on Accounts for its examination and approval.''
If, as the gentleman stated, a contract for this work \
already existed, and could not be rescinded, of j
course the Committee 011 Accounts would not ap- j
prove 01 a second contract for the same work. 1
The dangei which so alarmed the gentleman had
no existence.
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, said he had no
objection to the reconsideration moved by the gen-
tleman from North Carolina; but the practice which
he had referred to, and which he had urged as the
ground of his motion, though it had once existed,
did not now continue. It was perfectly true thai
by the usage of the House the binding of docu-
ments was considered as an incident to the printing
of them, and was of course claimed by the printer
to the House. But the gentleman should recollect
that when this was the usage, the House was in
the habit of appointing its- public printer by elec-
tion, and the majority for the time being deter-
mined who the printer should be. But now the
public punting was executed under contract, and
given to the lowest responsible bjdder. In the
contract under which the present printers did the
work nothing was said on the subject of binding,
nor was it ever intended to be included in that con-
tract. Under the old arrangement, the right to do
the binding was a perquisite, and was enjoyed as
such; but that was not the case now. Mr. It. welt
knew the zeal of the gentleman from North Caro-
lina to get the public work done for the least pos-
sible expense; it was very creditable to him; Mr.
K. was far from finding fault with it; and he was
willing, therefore, that his motion to reconsider
should be entertained. But whether the resolution
was reconsidered or not, there would not be any-
double contract, because the bids were to be sub-
mitted to the Committee on Accounts; and they
would not sanction a second contract.
[At this point in the discussion, by general con-
sent, the motion to reconsider was laid over for the
present.}
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the House go into Committee of the Whole on the
private calendar. *
Mr. 3. R. INGERSOLL desired that by genera:]
consent the message just received from the Presi-
dent of the United States be read.
The CHAIR stated that there was a previous
Executive message on his table which had not !
been read: the reading of this would come first in
order.
Mr. JONES objected to taking business from
the Speaker's table out of its regular order.
The CHAIR then said that as objection was
made, the last message could not now be read.
Mr. ROBINSON inquired whether he had rightly-
understood the Chair as deciding that no business
could be taken from the Speaker's table if objec-
tion was made ?
The CHAIR replying in the affirmative—
Mr. ROBINSON appealed, and was going to
address the House; when
The SPEAKER reminded him that the appeal
was not debatable.
The SPEAKER then read the 18th rule of th-e
House, which says:
"After one hour shall have been devoted to report" from
committees and resolutions, it shall be in order,pending the
consideration or discu-^ion thereof, to entertain amotion
that tiie House do now proceed to disposeoi the bu&mess on
the Speaker's* table and to the orders of the day; which be-
ing decided in tho affirmative, the Speaker shall dispose of
the busmen on hisj tabh* in the following order, viz :
"1st. Messages and other Executive communications.
"2d. Messages from the Senate and amendments pro-
posed by the Senate lobill3 oftfhc: House.
"3d. Bills and resolutions from the Senate on their first
and second reading," &c.
j Mr. ROBINSON asked whether other Execu-
! tive messages had not been taken up and read since
| the message to which the Speaker's decision re-
1 ferred? •
i The CHAIR replied that there had, but it had
I in every case been done by geneial consent.
| Mr. ROBINSON said thatit appeared,then, that
| a majority in the House could not get anything it
j pleased off the Speaker's table, out of its regular
| order, so fcng as one member objected.
I Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware. The objection
t comes from your own side of the House.
1 Mr. ROBINSON said he was aware Sf that, and
• he was going on to argue that a different line of
i policy ought to be pursued, when he was remind-
; ed that his appeal was not debatable.
| Mr. R. then said, that if he could not present his
' views on the motion he had made, he would with-
draw the appeal; and he withdrew it accordingly.
: Mr. ROCKWELL renewed his motion to go
into Committee on the private calendar, hut it was
decided in the negative—ayes 68, noes 69.
