710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
The SPEAKER suggested whether, in discuss-
in"- the menage in reference to the French people,
it would not have been equally competent to pro-
nose to refer it to the Committee on Territories,
and to discuss the policy of a territorial govern-
ment in reference to the French revolution? It
seemed to him that it would have been equally
competent for the gentleman to have made his mo-
tion and insisted upon his course of remarks upon
that subject.
Mr. ROCKWELL replied, he did not under-
stand that the French-Government had called for
 id, or that the President of the United Slates pro-
posed the occupation of any part of the territory
of France; but it was to territory upon this con-
tinent that the present message referred, and the
President had taken a broad distinction between
it and foreign tenitory.
Mr. PETT1T called for the enforcement of the
decision of the Chair, and said the remarks of the
gentleman were out of order.
The SPEAKER said he had no mode of bring-
ing the question to a test except by allowing the
gentleman from Massachusetts to proceed. The
declared by this Government that the Congress of
the United States had the power" to acquire terri-"
tory of a foreign State. It had been his (Mr. R.'s)
fortune to contend against that doctiine at that time,
and now it was his duty to contend against another
doctrine, which had been sought to be ingrafted
upon the same section of the Constitution, which
denied to Congress the power to establish territo-
rial governments at all. Here were two questions
of vital, paramount, importance. In the first place,
it was said, that after you have exhausted the
treaty-making power, by which heretofore acquisi-
tions had been made, you may then, by bare ma-
jorities in both Houses of Congress, annex new
.States to this Union out of foreign territory.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, rose now to a point of
order. The gentleman from Massachusetts had
said sufficient to indicate the course he meant to
pursue, and to that course of remark he [Mr.
Cobb] objected. He desired the action of the
House on this message without irrelevant debate,
and he submitted that the course of remark which
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Rock-
well] had given an indication that he would pur-
Chair had given his general opinion "that the course i! sue, was both irrelevant and out of order.
of remarks the gentleman from Massachusetts was ji _ The SPEAKER briefly explained, and decided
about to pursue would not be relevant, and if the
rules were insisted upon he must be ruled out of
order. The gentleman, however, had the right to
proceed in his speech, and then he could be called
to order, if he discussed topics which were not
legitimately before the House.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, inquired if he
understood the Speaker to rule the motion of the
gentleman from Massachusetts to be out of order.
The SPEAKER replied that the motion was not
out of order, and stated that the gentleman from
Massachusetts would proceed.
Mr. BURT desired to move that the message be
referred to a select committee.
Mr. ROCK W ELL would be exceedingly happy
that the gentleman from South Carolina should
have an opportunity to make the motion. It could,
however, be made hereafter.
The message which had been communicated by
the President of the United States to this House
related (he said) to one of the States of the Repub-
lic of Mexico; and, in the present condition of the
relations between the United States and that Re-
public, it was impossible to sepaiate in our consid-
eration the various matters which related to the va-
rious portions of that Republic. It was true that
i that any debate on the abstract right of this Gov
| ernment to establish governments over territory
j tiiat it might acquire, was out of order.
| Mr. STEPHENS' desued permission to say a
i word or two. He had not risen to discuss the
1 question now before the House, though he was
j ready to admit that it was a vexy giave question,
; but to suggest that this message should be sent to
! a select committee, if in order, he would move
1 us reference to a select committee of nine mem-
| bers.
Si The SPEAKER said that such a motion was
j) not yet in order, the gentleman from Massachu-
j! setts [Mr. Rockwell] being in possession of the
|j floor, it* it was the pleasure of the House that he
j; should pioceed. [Several voices: Let him proceed
;: in ordei.]
! Mr. ROCKWELL, of Massachusetts, had no
;i objection to make the same motion as had been
i suggested by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Stephen's,] and he would add to it instructions to
i niqune and report whether all territory that shall
j hcieaiter become part of this Republic from the
; Republic of Mexico, should not be first organized
i by forming a tenuonal government. By that mo-
; uon he believed the whole question was thrown
a treaty of peace had been acted upon by this Gov- i open, and he should now proceed to its discussion,
ernment which had relation to a portion ot the do-is Mr. COBB understood this motion had been
mam of Mexico. It was yet uncertain what might i made for the purpose of giving the gentleman from
be the fate in that country of the treaty as modified it Massachusetts an opportunity to make a speech
in this; but it was not too much to assume that the ij that was out of order. Now, he submitted that the
result of ah this transaction might very probably \\ message before the House had no reference to ter-
be, that a large portion of the Republic of Mexico
might become part and parcel of the United States;
and he held that now, at this time, it was of the
utmost importance that this great question should
be settled—this great, vital question, which should
indicate the course of this Government towards
territory which was to be acquned—whether any
portion of that territory was to be annexed,
Tavna mas nnnoVPfl nruf ndimtlflrl n Sfnff I
utonal governments, and no motion would be in
order that proposed to make a debate legitimate
which on the message itself was out of order. The
gentleman irom Massachusetts could not thus re-
| lieve himself from the effect of the decision of the
: Chair, by making a motion that was not applica-
ble to tlie &ubject before the House, and which did
not legitimately grow out of it. The subject of
Texas was annexed and admitted as a State into i: territorial governments did not necessarily grow out
this Union, under that clause of the Constitution it of this message, and hcnce the instructions which
he had submitted were not in order. The propriety
of the motion he did not question.
Mr. VINTON said it appeared by the message
of the President that there was a letter addressed
to the Secretaiy of State amongst the documents
"which authorized the admission of new States; or
whether the protection and dominion of the Gov-
ernment of the United States was first to be ex-
tended over it in the form in which it had been
extended over the whole western portion of this
continent. Now, it was well known that in this
tiansaction relating to the annexation of Texas
and yf all this new territory, different opinions had
accompanying the message which related to the
government or sovereign ty of Y ucatan. I f that letter
was not too long, he should be glad to have it read,
prevailed and been advocated with respect to the n and then they should understand the bearings of
powers of this Government under the Constitution, s! the subject.
It had fen supposed, before the question of the ij The SPEAKER expressed his dissent, with the
annexation of Texas was disposed of, that this ' views of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Cobb]
Government had no constitutional power to annex \ \ respecting the admissibility of motions that gave a
new States by act of Congress, or to agree to their 1 dnierent direction to subjects- before the House,
admission as States, until the territory had been ji Circumstances might arise in which such motions
acquired by treaty on the part of this Government, ij would be admissible.
It was a new doctrine at the time this question was II Mr. COBB said he had not alluded to the amend-
first discussed, that the power given to Congress ij ment, but to the instructions, which were of a dif-
by the third section of the fourth article of the Con-
stitution, winch authorized Congress to admit new
States, proprio vigore carried with it the power to
acquire territory from foreign Governments, out of
wnich States were to be created. That position
was taken at that time, and it had already been
distinctly inferred tu by an honorable gentleman
irom Illinois as a precedent by which it was to be
terent character than the message. And his point
was, that the House could not refer a message to a
committee with instructions to consider something
else. He admitted that great latitude must neces-
sarily be allowed m debate,but he could not agree
that they could refer a message and therewith
instruct the committee to consider something that
was wholly irrelevant.
The SPEAKER intimated that until they had
read the documents they were not competent to
decide on the relation they bore to the subject of
territorial governments. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Vinton] had called for the reading of a letter
to tfte Secretary of State.
Mr. COBB was aware of the difficulties of the
case, and if he could foresee that the debate woakl
terminate with the speech of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Rockwell,] he would not
persist in his objections. But other gentlemen might
desire to follow him, and ,a debate might spring up
which would consume much time. It was not
necessary that the gentleman should deliver to the
House the argument which he had prepared at
this time; many other opportunities would present
themselves almost daily. He hoped, therefore,
that the gentleman I'tom Massachusetts, seeing the
difficulty in which the Chair and the House were
involved on this question, would consent to free
them from it by postponing his argument to some
other time. When the report should come in from
the committee to whom the message might be re-
ferred, a more appropriate opportunity would be
afforded than the present, at which time he (Mr.C.)
would not object to an enlarged debate.
Mr. ROCKWELL yielded to the force of Mr.
Cobb's appeal, and surrendered the floor.
Mr. STEPHENS again urged the reference to a
select committee. He had not risen to enter into
the discussion, for this was not the proper time
for discussion. He wished to see the documents
accompanying this message before he was called
upon to go into any debate. It seemed to him, as
he heard the message read, that it was a grave
question that it presented for the consideration of
Congress, and he trusted, without any discussion
now, these documents would be referred, and that
at an early period a report would be submitted for
the action of the House.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL thought this message
should go to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of Hie Union. He well understood the pro-
priety of giving time for discussion and inquiry,
and he hoped each memberof the House would give
to the subject all the examination his ability, and
opportunity, and knowledge of the history, and
condition, and geographical position of the coun-
try would enable him to give to it; and this could
be done as well if the direction were given to it that
he had suggested, as if it were leferred to a stand-
ing or select committee, and probably with less
delay.
Mr. ROOT desired to know how long the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania thought it would be
before it would be likely to be reached in Commit-
tee of the Whole, if it got there.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL was not able to say,
but it might be made the special order for Tuesday
next. ["ThertFis one for that day.TT) It was a
subject which had been partially under considera-
tion for the last few days, for they had seen that
application had been made to this Government by
a commissioner fiom Yucatan for aid. And he
had seen with regret, and he believed every mem-
ber would concur with him in regretting,that, from
whatever cause he knew not, repeated applications
had been made to this Government, in a manner
to bespeak the sympathy of mankind, and partic-
ularly of this country, that had interested itself in
the cause of neighboring nations, and that of these
repeated applications to the Government of the
United States no notice was taken until the com-
missioner of Yucatan appealed to the public in be-
half of suffering humanity. He wa<s not in the
habit of complaining: of any branch of this Govern-
ment. If the Government did its duty, opposed to
it politically as he was, he would stand by it, and
he was always ready to give it his cordial cooper-
ation, so far as was necessary to aid it m carrying
on the affairs of this country. But he said again
he had seen with regret a statement published in
the newspapers within the last few days, under the
name of Mr. Sierra, commissioner from Yucatan,
that he had again and again appealed to the Secre-
tary of State for aid for his countrymen, and again
anu again a deaf ear was turned to his application-
He mentioned it now not to reproach anybody.
The Secretary of State may have had his hands
full and not been able to attend to the application.
When an appeal came from Texas, at the time
that General Woll issued his proclamation threat-
ening extermination by internecine war, we list-
ened to her invocation, and hastened to the assist-
