1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
a nee of suffering humanity, though it might be we
viewed the Texans as more nearlyvallied to our-
selves. But here, too, was suffering humanity,,
which appealed to us for aid, in granting which
we should involve ourselves in no' international
conflict, for it was aid against barbarians that was
invoked—against savages that thirsted for the blood
of the Yucatanese, and were pursuing the inhabit-
ants of a neighboring nation with unrelenting hos-
tility, to utter destruction. Should we then stand by
as a nation, occupying so important a part on this
great continent, and give no aid? With such a
force as our squadron, not now required to operate
against the enemy, would furnish, though the
ships could not reach the shores—he would under-
take to say, with the force that could be landed
by the ships' boats of well-disciplined and trained
sailors, although they could not proceed into the
interior, we could send terror amongst the savage
foe, and teach them that they could not with impu-
nity encroach on civilized man.
Mr. H1LLIARD interposed and said he desired
to make to the gentleman from Pennsylvania a sin-
gle suggestion. He thought the motion of the gen-
tleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] a good one.
In such a case there must be some plan devised
which must be imbodied in a bill in a clear and
precise shape, and he deemed it imprudent to go
into Committee of the Whole without some meas-
ure to be submitted for consideration. The Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs or a select committee
could point out some precise mode of relief for the
•approval of the House, and he hoped the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania would concur in u refer-
ence to some smaller body than the Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. J, R. INGERSOXiL always appreciated the
suggestions of his friend from Alabama, and he
did so on this occasion. His object was to pro-
mote early action, and if the comse suggested by
the gentleman from Alabama would produce that
result, he should interpose no objection. But he
should desire the committee to report to the House
at as early a day as possible. He had risen sud-
denly, on the instant the proposition was made,
with several plans suggested to his mind. He first
thought that the best reference would be to the
Committee of the Whole, and that Tuesday or
oven Monday could be fixed for its consideration,
if, however, a standing or a select committee would
better answer the purpose and avoid unnecessary
delay, he should readily acquiescc.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, could not
consent that that message should go to any com-
mittee until ono of its features was brought dis-
tinctly to the view of this House, and then, in rhat
respect, the House could determine to what com-
mittee it should £0. As a mere question of instant
relief, he supposed no man questioned that that
relief would be by sending a portion of the army
or navy, which would be the question to be sub-
mitted for consideration and decision of the House.
But the President had taken the opportunity of
reiterating a doctrine which was said to be the
doctrine of Mr. Monroe; and there never was a
more inappropriate time for the assertion of that
doctrine, even if it did apply. Because the Yuca-
tanese told them that they were about to be exter-
minated, and, in obedience to the law of nations—
sains reipubliccv suprema lex—which in all minds
should be above ail other considerations, to save
their lives, appealed to other countries, did this
country, in tins enlightened age, when all Europe
was responding to the sentiment that a people have
the right to select fur themselves their own guar-
dians in a manner and form agreeable to their own
institutions—should we say, while we are unable
to rescue them from the difficulties by which they
are surrounded, that we will interpose between
them and any other country that should attempt
to give them the necessary aid and protection?
Should we, in advance, throw outeelves before
other nations and bid them defiance, and say to
them respectively, Stop; if you do afford protec-
tion, if you do throw the regis of your protection
over these people to whom we are not able to afford
assistance, wc will meet you in a conflict of arms?
That doctrine of Mr. Monroe was applied, be it
remembered, at the time the allied sovereigns were
about to interfere with self-government. When
the States of South America had disenthralled
themselves, the allied sovereigns, fearing difficul-
ties in Europe from the diffusion of free sentiments
and the establishment of republics in South Amer-
ica, contemplated bringing back to colonial sub-
jection the southern hemisphere. But we prompt-
ly met them; and the people, feeling the justice of
the course—feeling a hearty sympathy with South
America—were willing *o support Mr. Monroe;
but did that include the doctrine that Yucatan
should not choose who should be her protector?
Did it prohibit her from calling upon any nation
for protection ? He warned gentlemen—he warned
this country—while we were assuming this bold
attitude, not to be so lofty in th'eir pretensions.
There was yet one nation that had not lost the
imperial diatlem, and such pretensions might in-
volve us in a calamitous war. He protested against
that doctrine which the President in this message
had promulgated, and he hoped it would not be
sanctioned by this House;
Mr. COBB said there 'was one remark which
had fallen from the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. J. R. fxGERSOLL] which he regretted to hear.
He regretted that that gentleman should deem it
proper, in anticipation of the publication of these
documents, and before the information which they
contained could go to the country, to cast censure
on the Government here in reference to its course
on this subject. He did not know how far these
documents, when published, would justify those
imputations, or relieve the Government from them;
but it would have been belter to have allowed them
to be printed and to go to the country, and then
they would all be able to form a correcL judgment
as to the propriety of the course which the Presi-
dent had pursued.
Mr. INGERSOLL explained. What lie re-
ferred to was this: A paper appeared the other day
in the different gazettes, signed by Mr. Sierra s
own name, in which he said, that seven months
ago, he made the lirst application to the Secretary
of State, to which he had received no reply. Aftei-
wards he made another application, the precise
date of which he (Mr. 1.) did not recollect, and to
that he had received no answer, and that he was
making a third communication. He (Mr. I.) ex-
pressed his regret that such a course should have
been pursued. His friend'from Georgia knew
that he was not apt to make complaints where
they were not deserved. But in this case he ex-
pressed his regret that so much time should have
been allowed to 61apse when suffering humanity
was appealing for succor; and ho now appealed
to this House, in the name of that humanity, not
to let that delay be participated in by this House,
as it had unfortunately been participated in by the
State Department.
Mr. COBB asked the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania if he was sure this commissioner had been
recognized? [uJNro; he had not."j Clearly, he
had not. lie would not, however, go into a dis-
cussion of tins subject at this time.
Mr. STEPHENS was not prepared to say what
course the House should take with this matter.
Hut if, after all, they should giant some sort of
relief, lie asked the gentleman irom Pennsylvania,
[Mr. J. R. Ingeukoll,] with whom he generally
concurred, if it was not necessary that the plan of
relief should be digested before it was presented to
this House. Could the House.do anything until
a digested plan was before it ? He suggested to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania if it was not both
propei and necessary that some committee should
consider the subject, and prepare a plan for the
action of the House? This was agicat question,
and he would state frankly to the House, that until
he became bettor acquainted with the facts, and
knew more of the circumstances, he was not pre-
pared to say that this country should set out on
a crusade to establish freedom in other Govern-
ments, and to throw the a:gis of its protection over
all the nations of the earth. While he would sym-
pathize (if the House would pardon the use of that
now common expression) with the Yucatanese, he
was not prepared to say that he was commissioned
by his constituents to go in seaich of misery and
oppiession in other nations, and tender them the
assistance of this Government. However, he
should not prejudge this case, and say it was one
to which they could not extend relief. He was
one of those here last year who sent bread to suf-
fering humanity in Ireland when it was starving;
and he was still willing to give all the aid that could
be furnished, but he must understand all the facts
of the case before he could say he would do any-
thing in cases m which his sympathies might be
aroused. He might, when he had examined the
facts, a|xee with the gentleman from Pennsylvania
in sending assistance to the people of a bordering
nation. But it might turn outthat something else
was necessary besides. It was a new question,
and should be well considered. When it came up
properly, he intended and expected to give his
views upon it; but at present he would not longer
detain the House. In the history of this country'
there had been no such question presented; and a
question would arise whether this Government^
under any circumstances, could render assistance
similar to that asked for by Yucatan. An important
constitutional principle was involved. Suppose it
true that the Spanish white population of Yucatan,
as they were eajled, should propose to this Gov-
ernment to sell out their country, if we would pro-
tect them; suppose this was so, (and he was not
going to prejudge the case,) did it not involve a'
grave question ? Was U not a new question ? It
was suggested to him by gentlemen who had at-
tended to the reading of tlje message, that it amounts
to that. He would repeat that it was a grave ques-
tion, and he appealed to the good sense of the
House if it did not become them to pause before
they took such a step as that? He was not pre-
pared to doit without some reflection. And was
it not, then, proper that it should be referred to a
select committee to examine and report upon the
facts ? and, if they found it was proper for the action
of the House, they could submit some digested plan
to give efficient aid, that would be suitable and val-
uable to that country.
Mi. COBB, resuming the floor, observed that he
thought a reference of the message to a Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union would
answer overy purpose that could be accomplished
by sending it to a select committee or to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs; for, whatever measures
it might be proper to take, could as well be con-
sidered and digested in a Committee of the Whole
as anywhere else.
Mr. STEPHENS asked whether a Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union could re-
port a bill ?
Mr. COBB replied, most certainly it could. It
had the same rignt to prepare and report bills as
any other committee.
Mr. STEPHENS said, that in considering the
subject in Committee of the Whole, any measure
which the committee would report would be sug-
gested in committee by some one individual, so
that the measure would be suggested by an indi-
vidual at last. Else why refer anytmatter at all ?
Why send a subject to a standing committee, if it
could bo as well considered in the House? And a
Committee of the Whole on tho state of the Union
would bo no better able to digest measures than
the Howse itself.
Mr. COBB said such a committee would have
an important advantage over the House for such a
purpose, because it enjoyed a wider latitude of de-
bate. And, though the subject of this message did
involve a principle of very great importance, yet,
as to the measure to be recommended, it was a
simple matter and attended with no complexity.
In ordinary matters of business, especially where
accounts or other details were involved, a select or
standing committee might be very necessary and
desirable: but this was no matter of detail, and
however important in its bearings, the thing to be
done must be in its nature plain and simple.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH said he did not think
that the conduct of the Secretary of State had been
putin a fair light. He was enabled, from the most
unquestionable authority, to state that action had
been had in the matter as soon as the department
could get any sufficient knowledge of the circum-
stances. He did not wish that the Administration
should be censured before the world in relation to
transactions in which the country felt as much in-
terest as in the distresses of the people of Yuca-
tan.
Mr. COBB expressed his anxiety that imme-
diate action should be taken by the House, and
remonstiated against any prolongation of the de-
bate.
Mr. ROOT said here was another clear case of
sympathy; and it seemed like to take the course of
other sympathetic questions, in having the House
go off into immediate action, even before one of
the documents on which they weie to act had been
read. Here was the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. J. R. Ingersoll] lashing himself and the
House into a perfect tempest of sympathy for tiie
