712
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
people of Yucatan, and complaining because the
Government had not acted on the first suggestion
addressed to it. Now, Mr. R. was very much in-
clined to believe that we were sympathizing with the
aristocracy of Yucatan, and were going to oppose
the democracy: if he rightly understood the mat-
ter, it was a case of the few opposing the many;
of the aborigines of the country rising up for their
natural rights. This was the real state of things,
so far as we had any information in regard to it.
Now, if that was what was going on, he wanted
to .know what^usiness we had to interfere ? Let
the people of Yucatan take.care of themselves.
We had all been accustomed to sympathize with
the people of South America in their struggles to
resist the Spaniards who invaded and trampled on
them: we were in the habit of admitting that they
had a right to keep their oppressors out, and to turn
them out, when they came in; and Mr. R. did not
know that they had lost any of their original rights.
Mr. R. would say to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Ingersoll,] that if our Government
acted in this matter at all, Yucatan, as a Mexican
province, was gone, forever and for aye. Let us
once take military possession of the country, and
act as its defender, and annexation was inevitable.
Why were not gentlemen as ready to sympathize
with France? Why not take up the cause of the
blouses?
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL here wished to have
the'communication of Mr. Siena read.
Mr. ROOT said he did not care what Mr. Sierra
said: he should not yield the floor for any such
purpose. Here were gentlemen opposed to the
acquisition of territory of any kind, yet wishing
that our army and our fleet should take military
occupation of Yucatan. How could gentlemen be
talking in this way ? They might be very sincere;
he did not doubt theyjwere; but they were certainly
not very logical.
The best motion that had been made, was that
which came from the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Stephens,] yet he agreed that it would be
better that motion should be postponed, till we
knew better what would be the eiiect of it.
Mr. R. would endeavor to keep himself in or-
der, in the remarks he meant to make. This was
the third thing of the same kind that had been car-
ried through that House on the wings of sympa-
thy; and when all had been done, and the House
came to wake up, and gentlemen began to rub their
eyes, they found themselves m the midst of a war,
and, he would add, of a national crime.
What! were we to go out and aid the weaker
party in eveiy war all over the world? Oh, no;
they did not mean that; bat Mr. Monroe had com-!
mitted vis by his declaration in 1823. AyeS And
What authority had Mr. Monroe to do any such
thing? None at all. Bat it was sometimes very
convenient, when gentlemen had a point to carry,
to resort to some of Mr. Monroe's old musty let-
ters . We had no business to interfere with the
internal concerns of other nations. He would like
to know whether any gentleman meant seriously
to take the position that it was our duty as a nation
of republicans, to take part with the aristocrats of
Yucatan against " the democracy?"
The Spaniards had invaded and conquered that
country years ago, and had held on to their con-
quest until the democracy of the country, the wooi
hats and check shirts, had found out that they had
rights, and were resolved to maintain them. They
had, to be sure, disregarded to some extent the
laws of Chvistian warfare; they had made rather
free with their neighbor's property, and so did the
blouses in Frapce. They, too, had shown but little ,
respect for the personal property of Louis Philippe; i
they had torn his old throne to pieces, and carried '
it about the streets—that thing so sacred m the
eyes of every old aristocrat in the country; and
yet we had expressed our sympathy with the
blouses, and sent them our congratulations. And
now we weie called on to sympathize with the
Spanish aristocracy in a Mexican province! Oh,
but then the Indian race were so inferior: be it so;
were we, for that reason, to have no respect for
their rights as the aborigines of the soil? Who
were the Spaniards that were so infinitely their su-
periors? Mr. R. imagined they were about equal
to the Mexicans; and if there was anything un-
der the face of heaven meaner than a Mexican
" greyer," he should like to know it. He felt
mure like taking sidys against such fellows thai)
against ihe poor Indians. The Yucatanese might
have begged us long enough for meat and flour,
and we should not have sent them any, though we
did feed the starving Irish; but when a httle foreign
faction that held all the rest of the population in
bondage cried out to us t^at they were no longer
able to protect themselves against what he supposed
gentlemen would style " a lawless mob," but who
were, after all, the" native Americans" in Yucatan,
we were straightway to get up a most violent sym-
pathy for thein,and censure our own President and
his Secretary of "State for being so dilatory in not
sending fleets and armies to help them. For what
were we to send troops there? The true answer
was, to get a large territory, and keep it as our
own. These aristocrats were to surrender us the
country if we would but attack the majority, who
were cruelly oppressing them, the minority. This
seemed to be the only reason why we should at-
tack the native Yucatanese, unless, indeed, it was
on account of their color. *
It was just suggested to him by a gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] that no
doubt Louis Philippe would have been very glad
if we had sympathized on his side, and protected
him against the blouses. No question of it. But
who would have dared to propose that? If these
Spaniards in Yucatan were not able to protect
themselves against the natives whom they had so
long governed and oppressed, why should we be
called on to do it for them? Who was troubling
them? Anybody from abroad? Not at all. It
was their own affair—a contest within the country
between a foreign faction and the natives of the
country.
Mr. R. said he did not rejoice in bloodshed—he
hated war. He admitted there might at times be
a necessity for it; but the heart sickened at the
thought of the carnage and misery that always
followed; bu>t we were not for that reason war-
ranted in interfering between a petty faction and a
majority of the inhabitants of another country.
The Administration would never have had the re-
motest idea of going on a crusade of pure human-
ity to save the Yucatanese from being slaughtered
had it not been for the hope of grabbing the coun-
try—of getting more territory. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania, he knew, had been actuated
by no such motive; he had been perfectly sincere
in his idea of what humanity required atour hands.
That gentleman did not see that, if we once sent an
army into Yucatan on the pretext of defending the
inhabitants, we should retain the country forever;
this that gentleman could not see. But Mr, R,
would ask every other gentleman in that House
whether, if we should once take such a step, we
should not hold on to Yucatan as ours forever?
Why, as soon as we had driven back the Indians,
we should want to be indemnified for the expenses
of the war—to be indemnified for our sympathy,
our great charity and regard to the claims of hu-
manity; and they would indemnify us as Mexico
was going to do, by yielding up their territory. It
would be a dear intervention for the poor Indians.
That country contained two distinct races, at war
with each other; and we were called to take part
with one ol them, and to destroy their enemies.
Now, Mr. R. admitted that his sympathies were,
first, in favor of the white race; but those who went
on this ground must show him better samples of
the white man than these Spaniards before they
would get up his sympathies very high. Under
these views of the case, and not desiring any hasty
or premature action in a matter of so great import-
ance, Mr. R. would move that the further consid-
eration of the message and of this whole subject
be postponed to Tuesday next, and in the mean-
while the message and documents could be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, demanded the
previous question; he believed that that was in
accordance with the sentiment of the House.
The CHAIR stated that if the previous question
was seconded and carried, the main question would
be, first, on referring the message and accompany-
ing documents to a Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and secondly, on referring
them to a select committee.
After some desultory suggestions and conversa-
tion—
Mr. BOTTS asked Mr. Johnson to consent to
withdiaw his motion for the previous question.
Mr. JOIINSON-said he would do so, on condi-
tion that the gentleman from Virginia would re-
new it.
Mr. BOTTS promised to do so. He then went
on to say that this was a grave subject, and he
was in an unfit condition to discuss or decide upon
it, having recently entered the House, and not
even having heard the message read. There might
be, and he believed there were, many more gentle-
men in like circumstances. No one, he believed,
had read the documents accompanying the mes-
sage. Thd action of the House in this case might
establish an important precedent, and that for a
day perhaps not very remote. The House ought
surely to have an opportunity to consider the facts
and maturely to discuss the whole subject. There
was a standing committee of the House to whom
the consideration of this matter was specially ap-
propriate, and Mr. B. had risen mainly with the
purpose of moving the reference of the message
and documents to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs, and that they be printed.
He concluded, in compliance with his promise,
by moving the previous question, but said he
should himself vote against it.
The motion was seconded without a count, and
the previous question put and carried; and, the
main question being first on the reference to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union 
it was decided in the negative. It was then put
on referring to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and carried: ayes 96.
The message and documents were thereupon re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following memorials and petitions were presented
under the rule, and referi ed:
By Mr. ROCKWELL, of Massachusetts: The petition of
thirty three citizens of Leyden, Massachusetts praying for
a uniform rate of postage, not to exceed one cent on news-
papeis and two cents on each prepaid letter of half an
ounce. Also, the petition of Emily Huhbaul, of East Gran-
ville, Massachusetts, for a pension. Also, the petition of
Luther Edwards, of Chesterfield, Massachusetts, for a set-
tlement of national difficulties by a congress* of nations.
By Mr. LEVIN: Memorial ot citizens of Philadelphia
city and county in favor ot the civilization and preservation
of the Indians. Also, two memorials of citizens of Phila-
delphia eitv and county, praying Congress to take action in
relation to the exactions of the Camden and Amboy Kailroad
Company.
BvMr. J. R. INGEIISOLL: Additional memorials from
citizens of Philadelphia, asking for the survey of a route for
apo&trond between New York and Philadelphia—the line
to be retained under the perpetual control of the Union,and
to be used for the construction of a railroad.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, Jlpril 29, 1848.
After the customary prayer—
On motion of Mr. HANNEGAN, the reading
of the Journal was dispensed with.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, relative to affairs in Yucatan;
[See House proceedings for the message.]
There were sundry documents accompanying
the message. The message having been read—
Mr. HANNEGAN moved that the message and
documents be referred to the Committe on Foreign
Relations, and that they be printed.
Mr. CALHOUN. Before that question is put,
I rise to express my regret that the President should
place this recommendation on any other ground
than that of humanity. If I heard the message
aright, he asserts the principle as deduced from
Mr. Monroe's declaration, that when the people
of any portion of this continent is placed m the
condition in which Yucatan is, and either party
should be compelled to apply to us for protection,
we should interpose and protect them, to prevent
the interference of England, or some other foreign
power. A broad and dangerous principle, truly.
It goes far beyond Mr. Monroe's declaration. It
is difficult to say what limits can be fixed to it, or
to what it would carry us, if reduced to practice.
I take this early opportunity—for experience has
brought me to strike at once on the introduction of
an objectionable measure—to express my surprise
and regret, that the President should seize such an
occasion as this to recommend the occupation of
Yucatan by our army, or a portion of it, if it could
be spared from Mexico. It is startling-. Who
can tell to what it will lead, and where it will end?
How strange to recommend it at such a time, on the
ground, if we did not occupy it, some other Power
might. In the present condition of Europe, there
is no more probability that England, or any other
