714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
He died, sir, whilst yet at the summit of a just
ambition, whilat yet in the enjoyment of the proud-
est honors to which an American and a patriot
could aspire. Happy, sir, are these circumstances;
few can be favored with- a death like this.
He was born in Westfield, Massachusetts, and,
when less than a year old, was taken with his
father and family, who removed to Hudson, New
York. He was educated to the legal profession,
and, at the age of twenty-seven, emigrated to Illi-
nois.
He afterwards married in Missouri, and in 1819,
removed to and settled in the then Territory of
Arkansas. Urged by a spirit of enterprise, sus-
tained alone by a firm and active intellect, he fixed
his habitation in a region whose boundaries were
unexplored, whose lands were an unbroken wilder-
ness, whose limits were filled with strange and
savage tribes, and of which legend and tradition
could tell but little. There, sir, without wealth, }
acquaintance, or resources, at opening manhood, :
nearthirty years ago, hecasthislot. He closed his !
life, sir, a Senator of this great American Union. ;
Poor at the outset of his life in Arkansas, upon
his profession alone he depended for the support j
of himself and family. Of a mind active and pow- i
erful, he acquired distinction "early as a sound j
lawyer and an able advocate. Devoted to his pro- *
fession, studious and energetic, for many years j
previous to his abandonment of his practice, he t
ranked unrivalled as the first and ablest member [
of the bar. The history of a professional life, its !
privations, trials, and dangers in a frontier coun- j
try, however interesting in a thousand incidents, j
however eminent for success, is scarccly an object I
of general interest. Sufficient is it to say, a quar- i
ter of a century of uninterrupted devotion, the
attainment through it of pecuniary independence, \
and the ultimate accumulation of wealth, marked
his professional career.
- He was energetic by nature, sound in judgment,
deliberate in action, and distinguished for accom-
plished manners and unyielding purpose. His
habits were frugal, temperate, and marked by no
exce&s.
He was elected to the United States Senate in
the fall of 1844, to fill the vacancy of the lamented
I^ulton, who died under like sudden, painful, and :
afflicting circumstances.
Upon his entrance into the Halls of the Senate, ,
he was placed at once in a position conspicuous for
its importance, and which required of its occupant
a high order of talent and great experience. That
position he continued to occupy. The acceptable
manner in which he discharged the duties of that
position, as chairman of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, is too well known to this House and the
country to require any comment.
He was reelected for the full term, in 1846, after
a most excited and protracted contest. For his i
success in that instance, he was not less indebted
to his own strong will, his habits of labor, his en-
ergy,and admitted ability, than to the ardent devo-
tion of his friends; and there is not one who then
opposed hire, whose heart does not reject, at the
knowledge of this grief, the transient acrimony of
that hour.
A human being, his were the virtues, the pas-
sions, and incident difficulties of humanity. To
the deep grief of his many friends, and to the utter
desolation of his family, he is lost. The scene of
his happiness and his brightest virtues was the do-
mestic circle; the temple in which he worshipped i
was made up of their unchanging affection, their
trusting and confiding love. Truly has this ctr- i
cle been riven to the centre, and tins temple cast '
down. The light which guided and cheered has
gone out foi them, and who is there that does not
sympathize with griefs heartrending, with griefs
so deep, and so well-founded. No language of !
mine could adequately portray them; but none :
there ate that would not alleviate them, none so
poor of heart as do not sympathize. I
In the annunciation of this event, so afflicting to ■
so many, I have discharged a painful duty which ■
I owe to this House, to my State, and to the mem-'
ory of an eminent representative of her rights, her :
interests, and her dignity. 1 could never have an-
ticipated it, and I pray God that a like task, so '
intimately connected with the sorrows of others, j
may never again become-my lot. j
Mr. J, concluded by moving the following reso- j
lutions:
Resolved, That this House has heaid, with deep tensibil-
ity, the announcement of the death of the Hon. Chester
Ashley, a Senator m Congress from the State of Arkansas.
Resolved, That, as a testimony of respect for the memory
of the deceased, the members and officers of this House will
wear the usual badge offhourmng for thirty days-.
Resolved, That tlie proceedings of this House in relation
to the death of the Hon. Chester Ashley, be communica-
ted to the family of the deceased by the Clerk.
Resolved, That this House will attend Uie funeral of the
deceased in a body; and, as a further mark of respect for
his memory, that it do now adjourn until twelve o'clock to-
morrow.
The question was stated on agreeing to the reso-
lutions; when—
Mr. WHITE, of New York, rose and addressed
the House as follows:
Mr. Speaker: May I be permitted in a few
words to express upon this occasion my sorrow
and grief at the sudden departure forever of our
esteemed and worthy friend. Three winters have
we lodged at the same house and fed at the same
table; three winters and more have we been in
daily social and familiar intercourse, and never,
upon any occasion, oratany time, have 1 observed
for a single moment an impertinent or angry re-
mark—a discourteous, unkind, or ungentlemanly
action.
Of his early life I know but little; but it must
have been a life of industry, sobriety, prudenee,
and economy, to have placed him where he was
when stricken down by the arrow of death. The
artificer of his own fame and fortune, which were
all that the moderated ambition of man could de-
sire, though they could not avert the relentless
assaults of the destroyer, yet offer a bright and
glowing picture to the young men of our country
to imitate his virtues if they would obtain the
honors*
What a solemn warning to us all! On Satur-
day,one week before his death, Mr. Ashley, with
his family and a party of friends, visited that hal-
lowed and beautiful spot where repose the earthly
remains of the immortal Washington. No mem-
ber of this House has better assurances of seeing
many days and years return than did this Senator
upon that occasion: m the enjoyment of perfect
health, buoyant and elastic spirits, most cheerful
and even gay, having for the time laid aside his
toga virilis senatoris, and entering with the light
joyousness of youth into the social scenes and
circles of the day, added much to the pleasure and
happiness of the party by the radiation of joys
from his own hea/t. But where is he now? In
the cold embrace of that stern monarch who has
so often visited these halls, that well may we cry
for mercy and imploie the protection of Almighty
God to save us irom the grasp of this destroying
angel. With these often-repeated and solemn warn-
ings, who among us can claim one day or one hour
as his own? Shall these calls pass unheard and
unheeded? Shall we still pursue the shadow? or,
rather, shall we, like sane and sober men, account-
able to God and our country,apply ourselves with
diligence and zeal to the duties before us as legis-
lators, as men, and as Christians?
The resolutions were then unanimously adopt-
ed, and the House adjourned until twelve o'clock
to-moirow.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 1, 1848.
As soon as the Journal was read,
Mr. BORLAND, of Arkansas, announced the
death of his colleague, the Hon. Chester Ash-
ley, as follows:
Mr. President : My official introduction into
this Chamber has been marked with calamity, and
overcast with gloom. The first of its public duties
that has devolved upon me is of deep solemnity,
and its performance is undeitciken with feelings of
oppressive sadness.
Just one week ago, a venerable form—in the
fullness of life, and the seeming vigor of perfect
health—rose in his place, and, m a voice well
known and respected here, announced my position
in this assembly. That form will not rise again
in this presence; for it now lies lifeless and coid as
a clod of the valley. That voice wUl be heard no
more within these walls; for it is hushed in death.
In return for the kind courtesy of presenting me,
as his colleague, to this company of honorable
Senators, I pay but the poor and painful tribute of
making known his final separation. The last act
j] of his public life was my introduction; the first of
i; mine must be his obituary.
Chester Ashley, a Senator from the State of
Arkansas, is no more. He breathed his last, at
his lodgings in this city, on Saturday iast~ the 29th
of April, at fifteen minutes before two £'clock, in
the afternoon. On Sunday of last week, he felici-
tated himself upon the perfection of his health.
Soon after breakfast, the next morning, he com-
plained of slight indisposition; but so slight as
hardly to command a second thought. At the
usual hour he proceeded to his place in this Cham-
ber. When the Journal had been read, he did me
the favor to present my credentials, as his colleague.
A few minutes after, his indisposition increased;
he had the sensation of chilliness, and, leaving the
Capitol, returned to his lodgings. That evening I
found him deeply jaundiced, and in the delirium of
fever. This latter symptom had usually marked
even his slightest indisposition—as is very common
with individuals of large brain and sanguine tem-
perament. His family, however, thought him not
seriously ill—certainly not in danger. But on
Thursday morning he had grown evidently worse,
and a distinguished physician of the city was called
to see him. His condition was found to be such,
even then, as to afford little hope of his recovery.
Another eminent practitioner was consulted, and
the same opinion given.'
On Friday morning I was invited tomakeathird
party in the professional consultation. But there
was no ground for hope. An intense and exten-
sive inflammation had seized upon the bowels,
and, in my opinion, upon the liver also; and was
of that type, occasionally encountered, which, set-
ting at naught the highest science and the best
directed efforts of human skill, run, almost from
the very outset, steadily and rapidly into a fatal
termination. I had seen similar cases before; and
I am particularly reminded by it of that of the late
Senator Fulton, who was, alike in station, in dis-
ease, and in death, the predecessor of him whose
loss we now deplore.
Colonel Ashley was a native of New England.
Pie was born at Westfield, in Massachusetts, on the
1st day of June, 1790; and, consequently, at the
time of his death, was in the'58th year of his age.
When an infant only three months, he was carried
by his parents, who removed to the town of Hud son,
m New York. He grew up, engaged in the practice
of the law, and resided there about twenty-seven
years; then migrated to Illinois, where he remain-
ed about two years; and subsequently visiting the
territory, of what is now the State of Arkansas, in
1819, determined to make his residence at Little
Rock, then a mere landing on the southern bank,
some three hundred miles above the mouth of the
x^rkansas river. Soon afterwards he married in
Missouri, and removed, with his young family, to
his home in the wilderness.
At that period', a settlement in what was truly
the fer West," was no trivial undertaking. It
required a high degree of enterprise to encounter
; the privations, hardships, and perils of frontier life
; —now so much talked about, but then actually
1 endured. An uncommon share of mental forecast
I would alone suffice to ascertain a point in so wide
j a range, which must become the centre of import-
; ant operations, from which settlement and civiliza-
| tion must radiate, and then throw back an accu-
j mukted interest. A firmness, fixedness, singleness
I of purpose, true to its object as the needle to the
j pole, was alone capable of abiding the full devel-
i opment of the little cloud of improvement, then
■ no bigger than a man's hand, which was, within a
| quarter of*a century, to cover with its golden dra-
! pery the whole horizon. Yet many a New England
! boy—many a stripping, from anywhere this side
; the mountains, impelled by the irrepressible spirit
j of progress, guided by a judgment so clear in its
perceptions, and so rapid m its combinations, as to
i seem intuitive, and sustained by a will as potent as
I the lever of Archimedes, has exhibited all the high
i qualities I have mentioned; and that, too, in the
j construction of imperishable monuments—not mon-
! uments like the towering pyramids of Egypt, bar-
( ren of utility as the wastes of sand they overlook
| —nor like the huge walls of the Roman coliseum,
i within which human beings were wont to befde-
! graded to the cruel level of wild beasts; but of
i monuments of a purer order, of a loftier structure, of
I more comprehensive proportions—dedicated to the
I higher sentiments of the human jieart, and adapted
| to the true wants of human society—monuments
i made up of the wilderness reclaimed and converted
] into cultivated fields*, of the towns, with their briat-
