1848.
THE GONGrRESSIOHAL OLOBE.
715
ling spires, which crow$ our thoroughfares; of the
teeming commerce of our " inland. sea«;" and,
above all, of the millions of freemen who sleep se-
curely under their own roof-trees, and stand in
conscious sovereignty upon the ferule soil of their
own broad acres. In a word—the noble aggregate
of these monuments is before the world, in the
peerless piosperity of" the great West." I have
selected the New England boy, the cis*montane
strippling, as the type of a class. And of that
class it would be difficult to find a more character-
istic representative than the individual of whom I
am here to speak, whether we regard the vigor, the
perseverance, or the success of his exertions.
At the age of twenty-nine years, without patri-
mony, without resources of any kind, except those
he possessed in his acute and comprehensive intel-
lect, his high purpose, and indomitable will, but
recently married to a woman of congenial spirit,
he landed at Little Rock, and entered upon the
practice of the law, \yhich was necessarily restrict-
ed then, and for several years afterwards, almost
exclusively to cases before the territorial courts,
involving the titles to land, and personal vio-
lence among a border population. In attending
to these cases, of which, on account of his high
intelligence and untiring industry, he soon obtained
a large proportion, he was frequently required to
traverse, as his circuit, the whole country which
now forms the State of Arkansas, and portions of
that included in Missouri. Even for one who par-
ticipated in them, it would be difficult to depict the
scenes incident to professional life, in times and
under circumstances when the law was adminis-
tered almost without books, the courts often held
in the open air, the leathern Lhong serving the place
of prison walls, and tlie ready rifle that of the
jailer's key. Then the land had no roads, the
streams no bridges, the country, for many miles
* between certain points of settlement, was unmarked
by human habitations. Through all this, the
course of the young lawyer was onward and
upward—undismayed, unchecked by difficulties,
which seemed, indeed, but to excite to still greater
activity the strong energies of his nature. Storing
his mind from books whenever the means were
within his reach, he was ever improving his pow-
ers hy those exercises among men, and in the
practical affairs of Hfe,fwhich qualify the man of
business to be useful to his fellows, while giving
due attention to his own interests. But it is not
necessary that I should follow up in detail the
steps of him 1 would represent, it is of results,
and not the particular means of their accomplish-
ment, I have to speak. And if the results at-
tained by my deceased colleague may be the meas-
ure of his worth, then, in the success of his exer-
tions, he has established a reputation for wisdom
and sagacity which might satisfy the ambition of
any man. Devoting himself assiduously to the
business of his profession, he suffered not the con-
tagious example of political aspiring to lure him
from the high and holy purpose of making pro-
vision for the wants, and comforts of the interesting
family he was gathering around him. Until the
frosts of more than fifty winters had bleached his
locks, we find him in the walks of private life,
with unflagging industry and unabattng vigor rais-
ing upon the foundations he had already laid the
superstructure of affluence for his children. He
was at length successful; and4 as if Providence—
ever propitious to those who are laborious in use-
ful pursuits—had been watching Ins career, so
soqh as he had completed the provision for his
own household, a station of high public trust—the
station he held in this Chamber—was presented to
his-acceptance.
Although he had long enjoyed a high character
for ability, and ever fell a deep interest in the pub-
lic welfare, it was not until the month, of April,
1844, that Colonel Ashley entered actively into the
p&Httcal movements of the country. At that time,
a„warm party contest was commencing, and his
talents were called into the service upon the Dem-
ocratic electoral ticket of Arkansas. Well and
nobly did he justify the confidence and fulfill^the
expectations which had induced his selection.
With an'activity rarely witnessed in one of his
years, he traversed the whole State, through the
heats and rains of summer; with zeal and power
he advocated the principles, and urged upon the
people the measures of his political faith; and
.while all confessed his fidelity and efficiency in the
cause he espoused, even those who most suffered
from the blows he dealt so fast and forcibly, were
the last to be offended at the manner of their in-
fliction. He accomplished one achievement in
that canvass, which stands unparalleled, I appre-
hend, in the annals of political controversy. He
actually converted from the "error of his ways"
one of the electors on the opposing party ticket—
caused him to withdraw from the contest, and en^
joyed the satisfaction of knowing that, in the
auttsmn election, he voted for the Democratic elect-
ors. From this, some idea may be formed of the
character of his services. Ex pede Herculem! In
the month of August of that year, the excellent,
the estimable Fulton died. Almost all eyes were
at once turned to the accomplished elector as his
successor. So, when the General Assembly of the
State convened in November, the popular expect-
ation was realized, and Colonel Ash&ey was elected
to a seat in this body to fill the unexpired term,
without any regular opposition, and by an almost
unanimous vote. In 1846 he was reelected to the
same high station for six years from the 4th day
of last March. From these demonstrations, an
estimate may be formed of the place he occupied
in th'e hearts of his people—of the standing he had
at home, in the Territory of which he had been
among the earliest pioneers—in the State he had
helped to found, and with whose growth he had
grown, and with whose strength he had strength-
ened. Of his standing and his reputation here,
I am not competent to speak from personal ob-
servation. To those whom I address, he was
better known. But if I may judge from the distin-
guished position you assigned him, even as a new
member, in the business of this body, it is certain
that he fully sustained the reputation for ability
with which he came here. And from those indi-
cations which never deceive, for they are of the
heart, so abundantly furnished by the anxious
throng of his brother Senators about his death-bed
—by the quivering lips and tearful eyes of hosts
of iriends—by the touching solemnity of this
Chamber—1 gather testimonials to his heart's good-
ness; laurels for the crown of his private woith,
of far more real value than those which' may be
commanded by the brightest corruscations of mere
intellect—far more enduring than ''the bubble rep-
utation" snatched from the cannon's mouth.
If to be great a man must perform with ability
his public trusts, so to be good he must sustain
worthily his private relations. In my opinion, no
man can be wholly unhappy who is surrounded
with an amiable family, nor can he be otherwise
than good if he devote himself with fidelity to the
happiness of that family. I am aware, sir, that I am
approaching a sacred subject—fitter for discussion
in narrower and less public walls than these. But
I merely allude to it in illustration of the finest
feature in the human character—I mean domestic
affection—a feature strikingly predominant in the
| otherwise strongly-marked character of niy de-
| ceased colleague. Many who now hear me have
I noticed and admired, as all must respect, this en-
dearing characteristic. Itdistinguishedhimathome,
wherever he was known. But if he loved his fam-
ily, he was loved by them in return. If his invest-
ment of the heart's best treasures in this noblest
of institutions, sanctioned of Heaven and known
among men, was munificent, he was not without
rewaid—well and punctually was he repaid with
, usury. Even had business disappointed or ambi-
! tion failed him, he hud this rich resource, which
1 no power on earth could destroy. The tide of do-
| meatic affection and happiness at home, like the
| fabled Pactolus, rolled its golden sands, in attract-
j ive beauty and unfailing abundance, along his
pathway of life.
But, sir, if the strong cords of pious sympa-
thy, which hind the members of a family together,
confer the truest happiness upon those within the
charmed circle, the severance, and, above all, the
sudden and unexpected severance of those cords,
is productive of the hardest agony the heart can
know. That this is so, 1 have but to refer to that
scene which I have but recently left. But who
shall describe that? Surely I shall not attempt it.
Sir, though I am comparatively but a young man,
my pursuits in life and my own sad experience
have r^ade me familiar with scenes of suffering,
too often with death. As a duly, I have trained
myself to look upon the sufferings, even the disso-
lution of my own sex, not with coldness of heart,
I trust, but with some degree of composure. But
the sight of a woman's sorrows—and of sweh sor-
rows as I have had to witness witftitr the last few
days—has, I confess, unmanned me—has made
mc a very child in feeling; and in its manifesta-
tions I have seen the strong man, full- pf life and
hope, suddenly cut down—not afraid to-die, but;
unwilling to leave those he loved .so tenderly. His
agony was touching. I bowed my heart in hu-
mility before that Power who has created, and
who may destroy all things, while I confessed the
emptiness of earth and the fleeting vanity of all
human pursuits. But, sir, it was the heart-break-
ing of that noble and devoted wife, who, for more
than a quarter of a century, had spread the balm
of her affection about his heart, and smiled away
his cares, while she leaned upon him for that sup-
port and protection which was never withheld—it-
was the utter prostration of that lovely daughter,
who, like an angel of grace, hung about his pillow,
endeavoring to repay his early and never-failing
care, with those offices of affection which the heart
of woman alone knows when to offer, as her hand
alorie can apply;—itwas these things, sir, which
overcame me—under these my heart has sunk.
From the scene of these occurrences I have come
here to speak of their subject. No wonder, then,
I am unable to do him justice; no wonder that lan-
guage fails to do the bidding of my own full heart,
and falls far short of your desires.
But, sir, gloomy as the picture we contemplate
undoubtedly is, it is not entirely without relief.
Deep as its shades confessedly are, the light is not
wholly excluded. Our friend has died, and his
loss has brought agony to the hearts of survivors;
but, as he lived not without usefulness, so he-has
died not without hope. He gave abundant and
heart-cheering evidence, in that hour when decep-
tion is never practised, and self-delusion rarely in-
dulged—on his death-bed, and when he knew he
mnst die—in that solemn and soul-trying hour, he
gave abundant and heart-cheering evidence that he
was a patriot and a Christian. It has been my
fortune to stand by many beds of death, in the
retirement of domestic privacy, surrounded by all
the endearing associations of home and friends. I
have seen brave men die upon the field of battle,
when nerved by all the appliances of enthusiasm—
the clash of arms and the shouts of victory. But
I can say with perfect truth, that never have I seen
any man meet death (although unwillingly) with
more calm courage or pious resignation. Among
his last words, addressed to his family, with great
self-possession, and in tones of emphatic sincerity,
were these—and they are worthy of remembrance:
| " Pray for the welfare of our country, and prepare
I to meet me in Heaven."
! Mr. President, my relations toward all of the
| three Senators from Arkansas have been peculiar,
i Though not yet five years a resident of that State,
j it has been my fortune to succecd one of them
' upon this floor—to have attended, as a friend and
| medical adviser, in the dying hours of the other
two; and, in reference to the last, to pronounce his
eulogy. Sad have been these latter relations; and
strange are the mutations which they mark upon
the calendar of human affairs! May Heaven grant
me strength to sustain the responsible duties to
i! which 1 have Succeeded.
|j Mr. Borland concluded by offering the follovv-
ing resolutions:
! Resolved, That the Se.mite has heard with d«ep sensibility
the announcement, ot the death of the Hon. Chester Ash-
ii lfc.y, a Senator from liie State of Arkansas.
i! Rewired, Th.it, as a testimony of rcs-pect for Hip memory
ofrhe dnrra-'ert, the members arid ofiieej? of the Seriate wiil
I wear the u>ual badge Of mourmna for thirty days.
| Rcsohed, That the proceedings of the Senate in relation
to the dentil of the Flon. Chester Ashm-.y be coinmum-
catod to the family of ihe deceased by the Seciemrv.
I: Rc*otved, That the Senate will attend the funeral of the
!• deceived m a body; and, as a fuither mark of respect for his
i memory, that it do now adjourn.
f Mr. BREESE then addressed the Senate to the
; following effect:
j Mr. President: In rising to second the motion
;! of the honorable Senator who has just made the
j! solemn announcement of the death of one of our
! honored associates—an event alike startling and
I' sudden—I may be permitted, I hope, without ln-
I! trusion, to add a few words to the beautiful eulo-
|; gium he has so feelingly pronounced. I fear, in so
• i doing, I shall disturb the harmony of its language,
!| whilst it i& yet vibrating on*the ear, and interrupt
I! that generous flow of feeling it has so universally
i| iinspired. Yet, sir, there are circumstances in the
Irtife of the deceased, and of him who now addresses
I! you, to which it may not be improper, on this
