ns
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
stoned officers, musicians, and privates of the
Indian wars of 1790 and of the last war with Great
Britain; a*>d the pending question was on the
amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, being entitled
to the floor, made sorrje introductory remarks in
favor of the general merits of the bill, and also in
favor of the amendment ^making provision for
those soldiers who were engaged in the Indian
wars, under Harmar, Sl Clair, and Wayne.
He supported his views in a very animated
speech, in which he pronounced a very warm
•eulogium on the brave troops who had fought
under Harmar, St. Clair, and Mad Anthony
Wayne, not forgetting the merits of Shelby, Adair,
Slaughter, Davis, Allen, and their comrades. He
touched on the failure of an attempt to raise the
pay of the volunteers from $7 to $10" a month,
which he charged on the Democratic majority of
the last Congress, who refused so to amend the
bill for raising an additional military force ; and
concluded by suggesting, that instead of bringing
*home the dead from the Mexican "battle-fields, each
Stajte should erect a grand mausoleum to the mem-
ory of her sons who fell in defence of their coun-
try's cause.
[A full report of this speech will appear in the
Mr. McCLERNAND said it was not his pur-
pose to introduce the subject of party politics or
party action into this discussion, although he
might say, in answer to his friend from Kentucky
who had just taken his seat, to the last Congress—
a Democratic Congress—belonged the credit of
having passed the law granting bounty lands to
the soldiers in the present war; and he might add,
that he (Mr. McC.) had had some agency in ori-
ginating the proposition for the increase of the pay
of the common soldier. But he would not dwell
upon this branch of the subject, which had been
referred to by the gentleman from Kentucky. In
the outset of his remarks he would also observe,
that much of what he had intended to say, had
been so happily anticipated by the gentjeman from
Mississippi, who spoke some days since, [Mr.
Thompson,] and by the gentleman from Kentucky
this mornirig, that there was little left for him but
to enlarge and enforce the viewsalready presented,
which, with the indulgence of the committee, he
would endeavor briefly to do. j
The bill and pending amendments presented two j
distinct propositions; the first, the extension of the
same bounty to commissioned officers below the
grade of major, who had been promoted from the
knes during the present war, that was granted by
the act of February 11, 1847, to soldiers in the line.;
and, second, the extension of a ratable bounty to
soldiers who served in the Indian war of 1790, and
the militia, volunteers, and rangers, who served m
the war of J812 against Great Britain.
He would consider these propositions in the or-
der in which he had stated them.
Without pausing to dwell upon the argument in
favor of the first-mentioned pioposition, he would
endeavor to elucidate its merits by a particular ex-
ample. He took the case of Captain Corder, of
his own State, for the purpose. Captain C. enter-
ed the service of the United States as a volunteer
on the 29th of June, 1846, and proceeded from
Illinois to San Antonio, in Texas, where he was
transferred to Captain Webb's company, which
afterwards served as one of the advance guard of
General Wool's column. From San Antonio he
inarched to or near Monclovu, to Salullo, to Buena
Vista. In the battle of Buena Vista, at 9 o'clock
on the morning of the 23d of February, every offi-
cer of his company had been slain, and he was
ordered to take command of the company, which
he did until the battle was over. On the 26th of
the same month, the brave and devoted remnant of
this company, in consideration of his heroic and
skillful conduct, unanimously elected him their
captain. On or about the 19th of June, 1847,
Captain C.'s service expired, after he hadmaiched
near one thousand miles on foot, and after he had
served about nine months as a private, and about
three months as captain. Such was Captain Cor-
der's case; there weie others like U—others where
the individual had been deprived of his entitled
bounty in consequence of promotion only one or
two months, or a few days, before the expiration
of his service.
He asked whether these cases, standing as they i
did,, either upon the .grounds of puMie necessity, 1
or upon both grounds, did not deserve to bt reliev-
ed; whether it was either just or wise to victimize
such men on account of their merit; whether such
a rule was not grossly unjust and absurd, as
dooming the unpretending bat patriotic citizen who
had entered the lines, to remain there, under the
penalty of a forfeiture of his inchoate rights in the
event of his promotion? Such a rule was a vir-
tual declaration that military rank and emolument
should be reserved alone for the benefit of the am-
bitious and aspiring. It was grossly violative of
the true principle and policy of a republic, which
should stimulate the militia to eager emulation of
duty by every proper incentive. No; the humble
soldier and the subaltern, who toil upon the long
march and mingle in the bloody fray, should be
rewarded, as well as the commanding generals, in
whom, from the habit of public opinion, all the
glory of war centered, and upon whom Congress
had already bestowed a formal token of approba-
tion.
With these remarks upon the bill reported by
the committee, he came now to consider the amend-
ment moved by his friend from Mississippi, [Mr.
Thompson,] which proposed to extend a ratable
bounty to the soldiers of the Indian wars of 1790
I and of the war of 1812 with Great Britain. If that
gentlernan, or some o ther gentleman, had n ot moved
this or a similar proposition, he should have felt
himself called upon to do so. He was prepared to
vote for it, and, with the indulgence of the com-
mittee, he would endeavor to assign some reasons
why it should be adopted.
What, then, were these reasons? Reverting to
the history of the country, we found that the treaty
of pe^ce of 1783, between the United States and
Great Britain, although it gave peace and security
to the inhabitants of the eastern States, did not as
much to the inhabitants of the Mississippi valley.
Those settlements were surrounded by the Chico-
pees, the Choctaws, the Kickapoos, theShawnees,
and numerous other tribes, who kept up bloody
war upon them, not unfrequently shooting down
the peaceful husbandman at his plough in the field,
murdering the defenceless women and children,
firing their houses, laying waste their cornfielis,
and pillaging their property. He would take the
case of Captain Daniel Boone, one of Noi th Caro- i
lma's noblest sons, to whose memory the republic i
owed a monument, to illustrate many like it. He !
said, in his simple but eloquent narrative: j
" Two darling s^ons and a brother have I lo^t by the sav- ^
ages, which have also taken tiom nie loitv horses and abun- j
dance of cattle. Manydaik and cheerie.-s nights have I !
spent separated from the cheerful society of men, scorched i
i by the summer's f-un, and pinched by the winter's cold—an
instrument ordained to settle the wilderness." ■
The first expedition projected against the enemy
in the Northwest was in 1790, which was com-
manded by General Harmar. The expedition was
composed of three hundred regulars and one thou-
sand one hundred, and thirty-three militia, drawn
from Pennsylvania, Virginia, and other States and
the border settlements. Soon after this force reach-
ed the seat of war, an engagement took place be-
tween a detachment of eighty regulars and three
hundred militia, commanded by Colonel Harding,
and a large body of Indians near the Great Miami
Village. The battle was fiercely contested by our
troops at the point of the bayonet; but at length,
overwhelmed by numbers, they were forced from
the field, leaving seventy Americans killed.
Another engagement followed soon after, and
near the same place of the former. The American
force now numbered eighty regulars and between
four and five hundred militia, commanded by Gen-
eral Harmar in person. The force of the Indians
amounted to several thousand warriors. The battle
waged was bloody and severe; our troops resorted
to the bayonet, but in vain, as the odds against
them were overwhelming. Our loss in this battle
was one hundred and eighty-three killed and sev-
enty-one wounded. An author, writing of this
battle, and the disparity of the opposing ariays,
said: " While the poor soldier was engaged with
one Indian, two or more Indians would sink their
tomahawks in his head," Thus closed the fust
campaign.
In 1791, another expedition was projected, which :
was commanded by General St. Clair. This ex- 1
pedition was composed of eleven hundred men, 1
who weresurpused and attacked by four thousand j
Indian warriors near the Miami Vihage. A bloody j
and desperate battle ensued; thrice and last the j
American cannon were taken by the enemy; six I
hundred and fifty Americans were left dead upon
the field, or more than one-half of the whole Amer-
ican force. General Scott, afterwards Governor of
Kentucky, who soon after in some measure re-
trieved this disaster by a victory upon the same
field, says, in his official report, alluding to the
previous engagement: "The place had a very dis-
' mal appearance. Nearly in the space of three
' hundred and fifty yards lay three hundred skull-
' bones, which were buried by my men while on
1 the ground; from thence about five miles on the
* road through the woods was strewed with skeie-
' tons."
This victory under General Scott was followed
by another reverse in 1794, when a body of 1,200
Indians attacked a party of 130 Americans, and
killed thirty and wounded forty of the number.
The causes of these unusual disasters to American
arms were explained by history. They weie at-
tributed, first, m no inconsiderable degree, to the
false estimate placed by the Government upon
the numbers and warlike efficiency of the Indians,
and to the failure of the Government to furnish an
adequate armed force at the outset to subdue all
resistance; and secondly, perhaps, to the inex-
perience of the commanding generals, whfc were
surprised and attacked by overwhelming numbers.
This was said with a proper appreciation of the
conduct of the Government and the patriotism of
Generals Harmar and St. Clair, both of whom had
been signalized for their merit and valor in the
revolutionary, war.
Thus things stood in 1794, when General Wayne
assumed command of the army in the field. With
a force of 900 men, he suddenly fell upon the
enemy, to the number of 2,000 warriors, upon the
banks of the Miami river, and defeated, routed,
and forced lmn to sue for peace. Of Wayne, it is
but just to say, he was a noble exemplification of
Ameiican daring, energy, and enterprise. A na-
tion's gratitude was due to his memory for his
many valuable services, and not least for the bril-
liant and successful close to which he brought this
war.  
It should be said that the whole number of
American troops employed in the field in this war
i appeared to be considerably less than five thou-
! sand, of whom it may be estimated about one thou-
\ sand were killed and five hundred wounded. Now,
j granting1 a bounty of eighty acres to each soldier,
of one-half of the whole number of troops, as six-
| months' men, and one hundred and sixty acres to
i each one of the remaining half as twelve-months'
I men, and the whole quantity of land thus to be
i granted would be 600,000 acres.
Such were the causes of the Indian war of 1790,
and such the sufferings and services of the soldiers
of that war. Hence, he asked whether these meri-
torious men should not be rewarded as others had
been rewarded ? We had given to the officers and
soldiers of the revolutionary war a bounty vari-
ously of from eleven hundred to one hundred acres,
amounting in the whole to 2,081,470. And why
should not a suitable bounty be granted to the sol-
diers of the Indian war? There was no room for
a distinction.
If the soldiers of the Revolution achieved our
independence in civilized warfare, the soldiers of
the Indian wars, perhaps under greater hardships,
subdued the savages who were the allies of the Brit-'
ish in that war, and who continued it after the
British abandoned it; they fought in the war which
was an aggravated prolongation of the revolution-
ary war—they gave the same blessings of peace
and security to the white inhabitants of the Missis-
sippi that was given to their brethren of the east-
ern States by the treaty of peace of 1783. More,
they conquered the vast and fertile valley of the
Mississippi to American laws and eivilizaiion; they
opened the way for the addition of eleven flourish-
ing and noble States to the Union; they enabled the
Government to establish its gigantic system of land
sales, which has filled the public coffers with more
than $120,000,000. Upon the last named points
he had an official statement in his hand, showing
the quantity of public land originally contained in
each of the new States, the quantity sold in each,
the amounts of money received therefor, and the
quantity remaining to be sold on the 31st of De-
cember, 1846. *
Now, the arguments he had used in favor of the
soldiers of 1790 would apply with more or less
force, in a modified form, to the soldiers of the war
of 1812. What were the services of the soldiers
