THE CONGRESSIONAL
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR k RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, MAY 9, 1848.
New Series No. 46.
that can influence the actions of honest men, to
stop before you commit yourselves to a line of
conduct that would disgrace a pettifogger, much
more a great political party. But, sir, if you are
sincere in the declaration that thegreat Whig issues
are obsolete, and that the great statesman of Ken-
tucky—the imbodiment, the head and great repre-
sentative of your party principles—is also obsolete;
that you as a party have become satisfied that the
principles of the tariff of 1846, as well as the inde-
pendent treasury, embrace the true financial policy
of this Government; that the war in which we
are now engaged is a just and necessary war,
brought about by the oft-repeated wrongs of Mex-
ico; and that the war shall be prosecuted until ter-
minated by an honorable peace, with ample in-
demnity for the past and security for the future;
arid if that indemnity should chance to be in territo- \
ry, thatit shall be received and thrown open to emi- '
grants from all the States of this Union, that they
may freely enter and possess the goodly land, with
their families, their domestics, herds, and property
of everv kind and description; sir, let the fathers
of the 'Whig party step forward and take this
ground, with General Taylor at their head, and you
may elect him to-morrow, and I will say, amen.
Abandon your political errors, and administer the
Government on correct principles, and you may
have all the offices, honors, and emoluments, so
far as I am concerned, and I will cheerfully retire
to the more honorable and happy station of a tiller
of the soil, and one of the sovereigns of the land.
But, sir, if the Whig party should be disposed
not to disband, but to follow the lead of my worthy
colleague from the Richmond district, and make an-
other fight on their old issues, which, from the last :
bulletin from Ashland, now seems likely to be the
case,—then 1 would say to the young Whigs on the
other side of the House, and m the country, who
have seen the error of their ways, Come out from
among your old associates, come freely over to us
on this side of the House, confess your sins openly,
and promise to do better, and we will baptize you
into the Democratic church. Sir, thousands of
the Whig party, indeed, I think, all honest men,
must know ana confess that the great Whig lead-
ers are false prophets and mistaken politicians.
They can prognosticate as much evil as any set of
hi en in the world; but they cannot successfully
administer the Government. They prophesy ruin
and calamities dire growing out of the adoption of
Democratic measures; but those calamities only
are fully realized by the country when they them-
selves are administering the Government. When
did the Federal party of this country come into
power that they did not bring with them national
calamities and misrule, that aroused the people to
a sense of their dangers, and lead to a speedy
change of their rulers? The present Opposition
have never been permitted to continue a second
time in succession in power, and they never will.
If you were to come into power to-morrow, unless
you change your principles and policy, the people
■would give you your walking-papers at the ex-
piration of your first constitutional term. Your
partial legislation in favor of the capital of the
country—in favor of associated wealth, in the
shape of manufacturing or banking corporations;
your opposition to the extension of the area of
freedom; your apparent sympathies with the ene-
mies of your country in times of war,—conspire
to unfit your leaders for successfully and satis-
factorily administering this Government on the
principles and scale which are calculated to make
- her fulfill her high destiny and mission among the
nations of the earth. I do not want to make a
partisan speech, nor to place the Opposition in a
■worse light than they stand before the country;
but I propose examining their conduct and course
on the subject of the war, and see how it will com-
pare with the dictates of patriotism, plain honesty,
and consistency.
By the eighth section of the first article of the
Constitution of the United States?, Congress is in- ;
vested with the power of declaring war. No other ■
branch of this Government save Congress can put$!
this country in a state of war with any other conn' i
46
try or nation. Genefal Taylor, in command of
your troops, cannot do it. The President in the
White House cannot do'it. The Supreme Court
cannot do it.. A commander in the navy cannot
doit. No, sir; nothing short of a decoration by
Congress, recognizing or declaring a war, will be
adequate to put into force the laws of war. Gen-
eral Taylor might give*an offence. The President
might give an offence. The Supreme Court might
give an offence. A commander in your navy might
give an offence. Indeed, any private citizen may
give an offence to another nation; but all that don't
produce a state of war. The United States and
her citizens may have a thousand injuries inflicted
upon them, any one of which might be sufficient
to authorize a declaration of war; but until that
declaration is made by Congress, no war exists.
Now, I would inquire when this war with Mex-
ico did commence. Will any deny that it com-
menced on our part, and only commenced when
the act of the 13th of May, 1846, took effect? It
is true that Mexico had 'taken the initiative steps,
but General Taylor had only acted on the-defen-
sive up to that period. Then, sir, for causes good
and sufficient in the eyes of Congress—the constitu-
tional war-declaring power—this war was brough
about by the acts of aggression on the part nfMex-
ico, and the law of Congress recognizing it, and
providing for its prosecution. So soon as Congress
declares war, and gives the supplies of men and
money, it becomes the duty of the commander-in-
ehief of the army and navy of the United States
to prosecute it. Congress "lets slip the dogs of
war." The President conducts the chase. The
Constitution has made this wise division of power.
Whilst Congress is responsible for bringing the
country into a state of war*—whilst we, sir, are
responsible to the people of our respective districts
for our votes on a declaration of war—the Presi-
dent is responsible to the whole people, by whom
he is elected, for the manner in which the war shall
be conducted, and in which ft shall be brought to
a close. It is true, that the Senate, representing
the States, has to divide the responsibility of finally
ratifying a treaty of peace.
. How will the leaders of the Whig party justify
themselves before this nation in their repeated at-
tempts to make the world believe, to make Mexi-
co believe, and even the less informed of our own
countrymen believe, that this is the President's war,
"an unconstitutional and an unnecessarney war"—
yes, " a damnable war"—prosecuted by the Presi-
dent for ambitious, wicked, and unholy purposes ?
All this, and milch more, we have heard from the
Whig party on this floor, in the Senate, and from
the Whig press of the country, since the 13th May,
1846, and while the war was raging in Mexico, whilst
the President had his hands full with a foreign and
deadly enemy, and whilst the blood of our brave
countrymen was freely flowing in vindication of the
rights and glory of their country. No sooner was
the responsibility of this war, by the act of May,
1846, placed on the shoulders of the President,
than the leaders of the Whig party, and almost
the entire Whig press of the country, commenced
throwing the most difficult obstacles in the way of
its successful prosecution and honorable termina-
tion. Supplies were delayed, the war was de-
nounced as unjust; all at once it was discovered
that the climate' of Mexico was poisoned with sick-
ness and death, that it promised nothing but a
robber's grave to the soldier that went there to fight
the battles of his country; the horrors of war were
depicted in the high imagery of the Whig orators,
poets, and scribblers of the land; the frantic wife
and mother, the weeping sister and lover, were all
held up to the full gaze of the citizen-soldier that
otherwise might be willing to enter the service of j
his country; not a sentiment entertained in Mex- j
ico herself against the justness of the war on our i
part, but found a response on the other side of;
this Hall. When the guerrilla chief harangued
his murderous band, and told them of the wrongs
offered to Mexico—when he told them that the
war was one of invasion, unconstitutionally and
unnecessarily begun by a poor, weak, lying, come-
by-chance President of the United Status—that it
was damnable in its conception, and wicked ill its .
purposes,—he proved all his 'assertions from the
votes, records, and speeches emanating from the"
Congress of the United States and Whig press? of
the country. Now, sir, 1 ask, what was all this
■apposition for? Was it to help our own country
 r Mexico ? Can any man be mistaken in its pur-
poses and effects? I know it is natural for great
and good men to take sides in favor of the weak
 nd oppressed against the oppressor; but I think
patriotism should have induced the relentless Op-
position to look better to the causes and history
of the war before they gave this kind of "aid and
comfort" to the enemy.
Sir, I do notmuch wonderthat the young Whigs
should wish to bury all the old party issues, and
enter the campaign of 1848 in a " blaze of glory"
for a hero of the war and a no-party candidate.
Now that Mexico has been chastised for her wick-
edness and folly, in spite of all the sympathies that
could be raised in her favor, and has consented to
make an honorable peace—when the blessings of
that peace are about visiting both countries, and
the rich haryest of the war is about to be gathered
to our own,—1 am not surprised to see the more
sagacious of the Whig party, like our first parents
after they had sinned, discovering their nakedness,
and trying to cover themselves from the gaze of an
j indignant people.
i Now, I have a few remarks to make, connected
j with the history and conduct of the two great
political parties of the country, and I am done.
The Democratic party never forsakes the cause of
their country because the Executive branch of the'
Government may be in the hands of their oppo-
nents. In 1840 the Whigs came into power, under
circumstances as Well calculated to sour and im-
bitter the Democrats as any which we can well
conceive of; yet that Administration, in its trials
and misfortunes, found much, indeed most, of its
support, aid, and comfort from the Democratic
party; not for any partiality for the incumbents, but
because we lo?ed the people and the country they
represented. How has it been with the Executive
that the people brought into power in the election
of 1844? Has it got any aid and comfort in its
trials and difficulties ? Has it been encouraged or
sustained in good faith in any of its measures of
domestic or foreign policy. No, sir; no. The
city of Rome was saved by the opposition and jeal-
ousy of a Carthaginian Senate, and Carthage, in
her turn, sacked and overrun by a Roman army.
Mexico has not been so fortunate as the imperial
city, nor the calamities so great to our own coun-
try as to Carthage; but, so far as the party effort
was concerned, the cases are parallel. 1 do not
wish to be understood to insinuate that the Car-
thaginian Senate intended to bring destruction upon
their own country, but it was the result of an effort
to break down a rival in the person of Hannibal.
I am also quite sure that the Opposition here had
no separate and independent wish to injure then-
own country. Their object was to break down a
rival. But, sir, they were willing to do it at too
: great a cost. Their well-directed blows at the Ex-
ecutive of their own country whetted the sword
! end nerved the arm of Mexico; and I doubt not
that manya noble soldierand patriot are nowsleep-
ing in death, who could have been saved to the
nation, but for this misguided effort.
Again; the Whig party seems quite inclined to
come into power without giving to the people any
pledges or opinions by which they will be guided
ill the administration of public affairs. In 1840,
! they came into power in this way, and the disas-
trous consequences that followed are too fresh in
the memory of all to need recapitulation.
In 1844 the Democratic party held out in bold
relief the contrary policy. We, in the Baltimore
Convention, by our resolutions and address to the
people, pledged our nominee to a line of conduct
and measures that have been to him like the polar
star to the mariner, and enabled him to keep the
noble vessel in his charge set to the breeze of
enlightened public will. Sir, this Administration
came into power pledged to bring upon the country
the blessings of free trade, and enlarged and libe-
