1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
723
troduce the foliovving bills: An act respecting the'
public archives in the State of Florida; and an act
to grant the Everglades and certain lands contigu-
ous thereto, in the State of Florida, to" said State,
upon certain conditions.
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion of Mr. HANJNEGAN, it was
Resolved, That the Assistant Doorkeeper of the Senate be
djrected, when so requested by the widow of the deceased,
to convey the remains of the Hon. Chester Ashley, late Sen-
atof of the United States from the State of Arkansas, from
the metropolis of the United States to the residence of the
family of the deceased in that State; that the expenses at-
tending the same be paid out of the contingent fund of the
Senate; and that the Secretary of the Senate pay the widow
of the deceased, from the contingent fond, whatever sum
may be due for per diem, compensation, and mileage.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire what icgiMdUou, if any, be necessary to
secuie to the colored citizens of the non-slaveholding States
the privileges andimmunities guarantied bvfhe Constitution
of the United States to citizens of each of the States.
On motion of Mr. BORLAND, it was
Resolved, That the Vice Piesident be requested to com-
municate to the Executive of the State of Atkansas inform-
ation of the death of the Hon. Chester Ashley, late a Senator
from said State. ,
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved fhat the prior or-
ders be postponed, with a view to take up House
bill for the relief of Mrs. Harriet Barney, widow
of the late Commodore Barney.
The motion having been agreed to, the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. NILES said he had always supposed that
there was a general bill which embraced all cases
of this character.
Mr. CRITTENDEN explained that the pen-
sion in this case had expired under the limitation
s:n the general bill.
Mr. YULEE said it was the intention of the
Naval Committee shortly to report a general bill,
which would cover this case.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said that the bill was now
before the Senate. The report showed that the j
case was a proper one for legislative action, and he
hoped it would be now disposed of.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time. By
unanimous consent, the bill was then read a third
time and passed.
Mr. DOUGLAS moved to postpone the previous
orders, and to take up the bill granting to the State
of Illinois the right of way and a donation of pub-
lic land, for makingaraiiroad connecting the Upper
and Lower Mississippi with the chain of northern
lakes at Chicago.
Mr. HALE expressed a hope that his motion
for leave to introduce a bill for the suppression of
riots in the District of Columbia would first be dis-
posed of. He was desirous for an expression of
the sense of the Senate on this question, which was
still pending, and had precedence over all other
* business.
The CHAIR said it would be taken up as a mat-
ter of course whenever amotion to that effect should
be made.
Mr. DOUGLAS suggested that it belonged to
the business of the morning hour, which had now
passed. It must therefore give way to the special
orders.
The motion of Mr. Douglas was then agreed to,
and the Senate proceeded to consider the above-
named bill, as in Committee of the Whole.
On motion of Mr. DOUGLAS, some verbal
amendments to the bill were agreed to, by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. CLARKE suggested, that as the Serfator
from Indiana, [Mr. Hasfnegan,] who had indi-
cated a wish to make an amendment, was absent
from his seat, it would be better to pass over the
bill informally.
Mr. DOUGLAS hoped it would not be passed
over. The amendment proposed by the Senator
from Indiana contemplated merely a change in the
designated route, so as to embrace Lafayette. He
was willing to adopt that course, and would make
an amendment to that effect.
The bill was amended accordingly,and was then
reported to the Senate as amended. The amend-
ments having been concurred in, and the question
being on the engrossment of the bill—
Mr. CLARKE again expressed a hope that the bill
should be passed over informally until the Senator
from Indiana could be present, as he append to
feel a strong interest in his amendment.
Mr. DOUGLAS said, if the bill was permitted
to be now disposed of, and the Senator from Indi-
ana should not be satisfied, he would pledge him-
self to move a reconsideration.
Mr. CLARKE then withdrew his opposition.
Mr. NILES desired some information. He
wished to know what was the quantity of land
given away by this bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS said, he was not prepared to
say. The bill granted the alternate sections along
the route to the width of six miles.
Mr. NILES. What is the extent of the road?
Mr. DOUGLAS. About four hundred mHes.
Mr. NILES. Four hundred miles! Here was
room for a pretty speculation. Did the bill pro-
pose to vest the land in the State, in case the road
should not be made?
Mr." DOUGLAS replied tHat it did, on certain
conditions.
Mr. NILES. Is there any provision for the
transportation of the United States mail?
Mr. DOUGLAS replied in the negative. He
thought it proper that there should be some pro-
vision of that kind; and if the distinguishe'd chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads would prepare an amendment, to the effect
that the United States mail should be carried over
the route at a moderate rate of compensation, he
would be happy to adopt it. The right of the
United States to transport troops and munitions
of war was expressly reserved.
Mr. NILES thought, that if the land was given
to make the road, the mail ought to be transported
free of charge. It was not, to be sure, quite so
extensive a grant of land as that asked for by the
projector of the railroad to the Pacific, which em-
braced a breadth of twenty miles on each side of
the road. He could not vote for the bill. Neither
could he propose apy amendment to it, because he
thought the whole thing was wrong, both in a con-
stitutional view and as a question of policy. He
denied the power of the General Government to
make a railroad across any State. He wished he
could satisfy himself that such a power existed;
but he could not bring his mind to such a conclu-
sion. And this mode of giving away the public
lands to enable a State to do that which the General
Government could not do directly, was merely a
way of getting round the difficulty. The whole
thing was wrong, and could not be sustained with-
out adopting the construction of the Constitution
which conferred unlimited powers on the General
Government. He denounced the new principle
which had been introduced in our legislation, which
sanctioned the taking that which was the property
of all the States of the Union for the purpose of
making a road for the benefit of a particular State.
There was no pofrer in Congress'to do this; and
if there was, it would be an act of injustice to the
other States. He must ask the yeas and nays on
the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS said he had prepared an amend-
ment, making provision for the transportation of
the United States mail at a reasonable rate of com-
pensation, which he would now.submit.
Mr. CRITTENDEN expressed his satisfaction
at this amendment, which^removed his only ob-
• jection to the bill. This mode of disposing of the
- public lands had his entire concurrence. The
! amendment would protect the United States against
j the exorbitant exactions of railroad companies.
, It was of the greatest importance that a connection
| should be established between these two great
I rivers and the northern lakes. And there could
| be no wiser purpose to which the General Gov-
j ernment could apply the public domain than in the
j construction and improvement of .the great roads
| to the West.
| Mr. BAGBY stated his constitutional objections
1 to legislation of this character, and went at some
I length into his views on this point.
' The debate was further continued by Mr. CRIT-
i TENDEN, Mr, NILES, Mr. BENTON, Mr.
! BUTLER, Mr. CASS, Mr.CALHOUN, and Mr.
! FOOTE; when
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, by the
following vote:
YEAS—Messis. Allen, Atchison, Badger, Bell, Benton,
Borland, Dieese, Bnght, Ca*s, Clarke, C!a>ton, Cnttenden,
Davis of Mississippi, Douglas, Feleh, Foote, Greene, Ilnn-
negan, Houston, Johnson of Louisiana, Manguiu, Spruanre,
underwood, and We^teott—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Atherton, Bagby, Butler,Calhoun, Hale,
Johnson of Georgia, Lewis, Niles, Sturgeon, Tu^^ey, ajid>
The bill was subsequently read a third time* by
unanimous consent, and passed.
[The debate, at length, will be found in the Ap-
pendix.]
A motion was made to adjourn, but withdrawn;
and
Mr. FOOTE, on leave, introduced a bill for the „
relief of the West Feliciana Railroad Company;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 4, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. MURPHY, from the Committee on the Li-
brary, reported a bill to regulate the exchanges of
certain documents and other publications of Con-
gress. Read and committed.
On motion of Mr. YINTON, it was
, Ordered, That the Committee of Ways and Means be dis-
charged from the consideration of the letter of the Secietary
of War respecting the claim of Daniel Parker, and that it be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, from the
Committee of Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of John P. B. Gratiot, and the legal representatives
6f Henry Gratiot. Read and committed.
Mr. DUNN, from the same committee, made
adverse reports upon the petitions of David Little
and of Alexander H. Mechlin. Laid upon the
table.
Mr. GRINNELL,from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill to admit certain articles of
the growth or production of Canada into the Uni-
ted States free of duty, upon the condition that the
like articles of the growth or production of the
United States are admitted into Canada free of duty.
Read and committed.
Mr. COLL AMER, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported the following:
Resolved, That there be prepared, hy the procurement of
the Clerk, for the use of this House and the Committee
theieof on Public Lands, a map of the public Jands in each
State,'showing the state of the survey, and also what has
been sold; and that the same be prepared under the super-
vision of the Commissioner of the General Land Office, and
that the said maps be revised and extended after each ses-
sion of Congress.
After a short debate by Messrs. COLLAMER
and HOUSTON, of Alabama, the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. GOGGIN, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill to regulate
the postage on newspapers, and for other purposes.
Read and committed.
Mr. G. moved that the post-route bill be made
the special order for Friday next.
After a few words from Messrs. GOGGIN and
KAUFMAN—
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, objected to
the motion,-and it was not received.
Mr. EMBREE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads,asked to be discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of citizens
of Elkhart county, Indiana, for the passage of a
law compelling the Post Office Department to as-
sume the responsibility of the safe transmission
through the mails of all prepaid matter, and that it
be laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, the
same committee was discharged from the further
consideration of the resolution of the House of
the 13th of March last, relative to providing for a
permanent arrangement with the railroads in the
several States of the Union to transport the United
States mail, and means and munitions of war upon
lonsr contracts, say twenty years.
Mr. TOMPKINS moved that the resolution
from which the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads had just been discharged, be referred
to a select committee.
After some remarks by Messrs. TOMPiCfNS
and JONES, of Tennessee, the motion was agreed
to.
Mr. BARROW, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a bill for the relief
of J. W. Nye, assignee of P. Bargy and H. Stewart.
Read and committed.
On motion of Mr. BURT, the Committee on
Military Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of the petitions of Robert Gamble
and of James W. Schaumburg, administrators of
Bartholomew Schaumburg. Laid upon the table.
