mm.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ®LOM.
727
M*. B0RT replied, that it must be obvious, if
Congress should make special provision to pay
fijr these horses, they would be paid for. The
very statement of the gentleman furnished an
answer to his own question. What he (Mr. B.)
had contended for was, that they must make special
provision for the payment of these Texas volun-
teers. Why? Because they were called into the
service by Colonel Curtis, without constitutional
aathority. That was the reason why they could
not receive pay and remuneration for their horses,
if a general law should be passed to pay for horses
lost in the service. The Committee on Military'
Affairs recommended that they should be paid all
that they would have been entitled to if they had
been regularly mustered into the service; and he
appealed to the House to pass this resolution, and to
pass it without amendment, which would require
a paymaster to hunt up these men jtwice to pay
them sums which could be as well" paid at once.
The Committee on Military Affairs desired to pay
for all horses lost by the fault or misfortune of the
Government; but he repeated that this was a special
case, which required special legislation. He hoped
the resolution would pass.
Mr. GIDDINGS briefly spoke in favor of the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. LINCOLN said the objection started by
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Hall] struck
him as being a sound one; and he wished to as-
certain if there was anything further to be learned
about this claim, for he desired fully to understand
it. He understood that the volunteers who served
in Mexico were not by any general law entitled to
pay for lost-horses, and he understood that if this
resolution should pass, the Texas volunteers would
be entitled to compensation for lost horses. Thus,
they would be placed in more favorable circum-
•stances than others.
Mr. BURT begged leave again to explain. The
Committee on Military Affairs had reported a bill,
which was before the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, to pay for all horses lost m
Mexico, under the circumstances inditated by this
resolution, or by casualties not necessarily- inci-
dent to the service without the fault of the owners.
He begged to say to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Lincoln,] that if that bill were now a law,
they would have to make a special provision for
the payment of the Texas volunteers. This was
admitted by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Hall,] for the Texas volunteers were called into
service by Colonel Curtis, of the Ohio regiment,
who had no authority to call them into the service.
This resolution, then, was in the nature of a pri-
vate bill. It was to provide for the payment of a
particular regiment, in consequence of the irregu-
larity of which he had been speaking. When the
general bill was passed, all the others would be
provided for. If, however, the provision for, the
payment of the lost horses were stricken from this
resolution, as some gentlemen desired, and incor-
porated in the general law, no good would be pro-
duced, but a double journey of a paymaster into
Texas would inevitably follow, for the purpose of
paying, first, that which would be allowed by this
joint resolution, and afterwards the compensation
to be awarded by the general law.
Mr. LINCOLN said the payment for these lost
horses came within a class of cases in which he
was a good deal like a gentleman near him, who
was in favor of paying for everything by way of
being sure of paying alLthose that were right.
But if this resolution should be passed, and the
general law should fail, then everybody but these
Texas volunteers would go without their compen-
sation. He was not willing to do anything that
would produce such a result. He preferred pla-
cing the Texas volunteers on a level with ail other
volunteers; and, therefore, he should .vote for the
reconsideration.
Mr. KAUFMAN warmly advocated the passage
of the resolution. He urged that the resolution
had been carefully considered by the Committee on
Military Affairs, and reported to the favorable
consideration of the House; and, being entirely
meritorious in its character, he regretted that it
should have met with any opposition here. If gen-
tlemen were acquainted with all the circumstances
of the case, which had not been detailed here, they
would not have hesitated to pass it. He then pro-
ceeded to detail the circumstances under which the
Texas volunteers were called into the-service of
the United States by Colonel Curtis, as briefly
stated by Mr. Burt, of South Carolina, and said
that it had ever been the policy of this Govern-
ment to pay for horses so lost. It was not a valid
argument against this resolution that it could be
incorporated into the general law. This resolution
might now be passed, and there could be no ques-
tion that the general law would be passed here-
after.
He then detailed the course pursued by the
Texas volunteers in endeavoring to effect a settle-
ment of this claim. They had actually incurred
the expense of sending their lieutenant colonel to
Washington for that purpose. He appealed, then,
to the House not to subject these gallant men to
further inconvenience. When Colonel Curtis called
upon them, they rallied around his standard, when
they believed that danger would attend them at
every step, and he claimed for them the favorable
consideration of the House.
Pending the question—
On motion, the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred:
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky: The petition of Henry
Chillis, praying for a pension, on account of a disability re-
ceived while ju the service of the United States.
By Mr. CABELL : Resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of Florida, and petitions, preamble, and resolutions of
the General Assembly of the State-of Florida, for light-
houses at Smyrna, Egmont Key, and at the mouth of the
Suwanee river. Also, memorials for a marine hospital and
custom-house at Appalachicola, and for the improvement of
Appalachicola bay. Also, for the construction of a canal to
connect Indian rivei with the St. John's. Also, for the
foitification of Capo Florida and St. Andrew's hay. Also,
for the grant of St. Francis barracks at St. Augustine, for the
use of .a seminary of learning. Also, for a port of entry at
Miami, in Dad#1 county. Also, for mail routes to St. Lucie
and Dade counties, and from Milton to Nathansville.
13y Mr. 13ARROVV: The petition of Samuel Graves, pray-
ing for a pension for injuries sustained while acting as*a
pilot on Lake Champlain duiing the late war with Great
Butain.
By Mr. DUNCAN, of Ohio: The memorial of Clarissa
Sumner and Lucy Due, beirs of Colonel John Sumner, of
the Connecticut Continental line of the Revolution, praying
pay for two final settlement certificates, which were funded
in 1790, still due and unpaid.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The petition of Thomas B.
Clarke, of Detroit, for a land patent.
By Mr. KELLOGG: The petition of Archibald McAllis-
ter, for a renewal of letters patent.
By Mr. MACLAY: The petition of many citizcns of the
city of New York, for the repeal of the law requiring news-
papers sent through the mail by other persons than publish-
ers to be prepaid.
By Mr. SMITH, of Illinois : The memorial of Jonathan
Church, praying the passage of a law authorizing the survey
and sale of a tract of land m Monroe county, Illinois, called
the " Renault Gi ant."
By Mr. DUER: Remonstrance of citizens of the State of
New York, residing in the county of Oswego, against the
passage of a bill to place on a reined list, and reduce the
compensation of officers of the navy, who become incom-
petent from age or infirmities to perform the duties of their
stations.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, J\Iay 4, 1848.
Mr. CLAYTON presented two memorials from
citizens of Pennsylvania, asking the construction
of a post road between Philadelphia and New
, York; which were referred to the Committee on
! the Post Office and Post Roads.
s Mr. C. said the memorialists had alluded to the
i fact that the statements made in their memorials
> had been contradicted on the floor of the Senate,
and stating their willingness to be examined touch-
ing the same before any committee.
Mr. WESTCOTT, on leave, introduced a bill
respecting the public archives in the State of Flor-
ida; which was twice read, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BENTON presented several memorials
from certain settlers and claimants, half-breeds,
asking such action as will establish a fee simple to
their settlements on certain reservations: which
were referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. HALE presented a memorial very numer-
ously signed, asking some new mode of legislation
by which colored citizens might be secured" in their
just rights, such as the writ of habeas corpus, &c.
The motion to receive this petition was laid on the
table.
Messrs. WESTCOTT and YULEE presented
memorials from citizens of Florida, m relation to
the mads; which were referred to the Committee
1 on the Post Office and Post Roads.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported House bill relating to an act
therein named,-without amendment, and asking
the indulgence of the Senate to act on the bill a£
once.
The bill was then considered as in Committee
of the Whole, and ordered to be engrossed The
question being on its passage—
Mr. BAGBY objected, but subsequently with-
drew his objection at the earnest solicitation of
Mr. Hannegan, and the bill was read a third time
and i
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported a bill granting a pension to Eliza-
beth Munroe; which was read a first time.
Mr. BADGER, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom had been referred the memorial
of a certain firm, asking for an amendment to the
bill for the relief of David Myerle, repotted that
the committee saw nothing in the memorial to in-
duce an amendment to the bill, or to delay its pas-
sage.
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN, it was
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate all the correspond-
ence between the Secretary of State and Don Justa Sierra,
the representative of the Government of Yucatan, if not in-
consistent with the public interests.
On motion of Mr. STURGEON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of granting a com-
pensation to Commodore James Biddle, for the diplomatic
scrvice^ which he has rendered as actual commissioner to
China.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, a
resolution was adopted directing the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads to inquire into
the expediency of establishing certain mail routes
therein expressed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, moved that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill to
provide for a retired list of the army of the United
States. Mr. D. thought the bill would lead to no
discussion; but, if the Senate were not disposed to
act on it at once, he desired to name some early
day for its consideration.
Mr. CLAYTON hoped the consideration of the
bill would not be pressed at this time; in his opin-
ion, the subject would require investigation.
The bill was taken up, and made the special
order for Monday next. •
PROPOSED OCCUPATION OF YUCATAN.
Mr. HANNEGAN rose and said he was in-
structed by the Committee on Foreign Relations,
to whom had been referred a message of the Presi-
dent in relation to Yucatan, to report " An act to
enable the President to take temporary military
occupation of Yucatan."
Mr. H. asked to have the bill read a second
time then, not with a view to immediate action,
but that it might be made the special order for to-
morrow, at one o'clock.
There being no dissenting voice, the bill was
read, as follows:
AN AOT to enable the President of the United States to
take temporary military occupation of Yucatan.
Section 1. Be it enacted, $c., That the President of the
United States be, and lie is hereby, authorized to take tempo-
rary military occupation of Yucatan, and to employ the army
and navy of the United States to assist the people of Yuen-
tan in repelling the incursions of the Indian savages now
overrunning and devastating that country.
Sec. 2. vlndbeit farther cnactcd, That the President be,
and he is hereby, authorized and empowered to furnish, on
such teims and conditions a.-* lie may deem proper, to the
white population of Yucatan, such arms, ammunition, ord-
nance, and other military m«'ans as they may need, to enable
them to resist and repel the Indian hostilities now waged
against them, and to restore peace and security to their
country.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further unacted, That the President be,
and he is hereby, authorized and empowered to accept tlie
services of an equal number of volunteer troops to supply the
place of such as may be withdrawn from their present duty
by wrtup of this act, provided their services shall be re-
quired ; the same to bo raised for seivice duringthe war with
Mexico, agreeably to the provisions of the acts of May 13,
18tQ. and March 3, 1847.
Mr. HANNEGAN then moved that the bill be
made the special order for to-morrow.
Mr. HALE asked for the yeas and nays on this
motion, and thoy were ordered.
On this bill a protracted discussion took place,
in which Mr. CALHOUN, Mr. HANNEGAN,
Mr. HALE, Mr. FOOTE, Mr. WESTCOTT,
Mr. CASS; and Mr. NILES, participated, a full
report of which will be found in the Appendix.
