728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
Mr CALHOUN moved that the bill be made
the special order for Friday; which was negatived
flVP« iQ noes 17* ' ,
Mr HALE moved Monday, and asked for the
yeas and noes, which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and decided as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell,Calhoun, Clarke,
Clavton Crittenden, Dayton, Green, Hale, Johnson of Lou-
isiana, Niles, Spruanee, Underwood, and Upham—15.
WAV'S—Messrs. Allen, Atherton, Bagby, Benton, Borland,
Ilreese, Bright, Butler, Cass, Davis of Mississippi, Feleh,
Koot8j Hannegan, Hunter, Lewis, Moor, bturgeon, .Turney,
Westcott, and Y alee—20.
The bill was then made the special order for
to-morrow.
And then the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 5, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
On the motion of Mr. WHITE, the petition and
papers of Thomas C. Green were taken from the
files of the House and referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
WAR STEAMERS IN THE PACIFIC.'
On the motion of Mr. KING, of Georgia, the
Journal was corrected so as to show that the joint
resolution reported by him yesteiday to establish
lines of war steamers in the Pacific Ocean, embraced
ports in the Sandwich Islands as well as Califor-
nia and China.
portrait .of baron de kalb. ,
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
received from W. W. Brent,Esq., of Washington,
communicating the intelligence that'he had just re-
ceived, addressed to his cave, from Robert Walsh,
Esq., the consul of the United States at Paris, a
portrait of Major General Baron-de Kalb, to be
presented to Congress as an offering from the sur
viving family of De Kalb, which awaited the decis^
ion of Congiess as to its reception and disposition.
Referred to the Committee on the Library.
general Taylor's platform.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, asked the
unanimous consent of the_House to offer the fol-
lowing resolutions:
Resolved, That" the power given l>y the Constitution to
the Executive to interpose his veto is a high conservative
povvei, which should never be exercised except in ca&es of
clear violation of the Constitution, or manifest haste and
want of consideration by Congress."
Revolved, Thai "the personal opinions of the individual
who may happen to occupy the Executive chair ought not to
control the action of Congiess upon questions ot domestic
policy, nor ought his objections to he interposed wheie ques-
tions of constitutional power have been settled bj the vari-
ous departments of Government, and acquiesced in by the
People." #
Revoked, That " upon the subjects of the tariff, the cur-
rency, the improvement of our great highways, rivers, lakes,
and harbois, the will of the People, as expressed through
their representatives in Congress, ought to be respected and
earned out by the Executive."
tit-solved, That u war, at all tnnes and under all cneum-
stances, is a national calamity, to he avoided if i ompatible
with national honor;" that '• the}>riacipies of our Govern-
ment as well as it* Huepoticy&ie opposed to the subjugation
ot other nations and the dismemberment of other countries
by conquesty fm, in the language of the jrreat Washington,
4 why should we qtutour own to stand on foreign ground." *'
Objection being made, the resolutions weie not
received.
PRIVATE BILLS.
On the motion of Mr. ROCKWELL, of Con-
necticut, the House resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole House, (Mr.* Kaufman in the chair,)
and took up the private calendar.
Some difficulty was found in agreeing upon a
mode of proceeding with the bills on the calendar,
and in settling the precedence which should be
given to them, and a long and irregular conversa-
tion ensued thereon.
Mr. STEPHENS moved that the committee
rise, with the view of moving that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. Disagreed to: Ayes 46, noes
70.
The conversation was then resumed, points of
order were raised, and parliamentary law was read
and enforced by argument, until the committee
found itself without a quorum, and the Chairman,
according to rule, directed the roil of members to
be called.
The committee then rose and reported the bill
No. 318, and the fact, that having found themselves
without a quorom, the roll had been called, and
was now reported to the House.
At the call of Mr. STEPHENS, the list was
read; and, as it showed a quorum to be present,
the committee resumed its session.
After some further time spent in committee, and
acting on a few hills to which no objection was
made, the committee rose by the vote of a majority
of less than a quorum, and reported the bills agreed
upon to the House.
The SPEAKER, the propriety of the course
adopted having been questioned, decided that less
than a quorum could rise and report.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, doubted the pro-
priety of less than a quorum transacting-business
by reporting bills to the House.
The SPEAKER replied, that in the progress of
its business, the committee laid bills aside to be
reported, and therefore they were properly before
the House.
The bills reported were the following, which
were respectively ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and were read a third time and
passed:
A bill for the relief of John B.Smith and Simeon
Darden.
A bill for the relief of Thomas II. Leggett.
A bill for the relief of Lot Davis.
A bill for the relief of Christopher Cunningham.
A bill for the relief of William H. Wilson.
A bill for the relief of Amos Bull.
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 5, 1848.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, communicating, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate of the 3d instant,
the correspondence of Don Justa Sierra and the
Secretary of State in relation to Yucatan; which
was laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Commander
James M. Mcintosh; which was read a first time.
Mr. YULEE also reported, from the same com-
mittee, a bill renewing certain naval pensions for
bill was then read a second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill from the House to amend an act enti-
tled "An act supplemental to the act entitled 1 An
act providing for the prosecution of the existing
war between the United States and the Republic
of Mexico,' " was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The joint resolution from the House extending
the time for the erection of certain light-houses,
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce. , • , i **
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Hale on the 28th of April last, came up for con-
sideration:
Resolved., That the Secretary of the Senate procure, for
the use of the Senate, five thousand copies ot the addresses
made by the Speaker and the members of the House of
Representatives, and of the addresses made to the Senate*
together with th^, discourse erf the Rev. Mr. GurJey, upon
the occasion of the death of the Hon. John Q.uincy Adam3 .
Provided they can be obtained upon the same terms that
twenty thousand copies of tlie same were furnished to'the
House of Representatives.
Mr. TURNEY moved to lay the resolution on
the table. For the motion 11—no quorum voting.
Mr. ALLEN demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
And the CHAIR having restated the question,
the vote stood, for laying the motion on the table,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bagby, Bor-
land, Breese, Bright, Butler, Calhoun, Cass, Crittenden,
Feleh, Foote, Houston, Johnson of Georgia, Lewis, Moor,
Niles, Sturgeon, Turney, Underwood, Westcott, and Yulee
 gg
i NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Bell, Clarke, Clayton, Davis of
! Massachusetts, Greene, Hale, Johnson of Maryland, John-
son ol Louisiana, and Upham—10.
The following resolution, submitted on the 28th
of April by Mr. Johnson, of Maryland, came up
for consideration, and was adopted:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform the Senate whether any officers are now
in the military or civil service of the United States, under
appointments from the President, which have not been sub-
mitted to the Senate ; and if there be any such appointments,
that he state th? date of such appointments, and why it is
that it has not been in the power of the President to submit
them to the consideration of the Senate.
Some few minutes afterwards, Mr. ALLEN
moved to reconsider the vote on the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, inquired if the
the term of five years, and extending the benefits ,, . . .
of existing laws respecting naval pensions to en- i! Senator had voted for the adoption oi ths resolu-
gineers, firemen, and coal heavers m the navy, and |j tion?
to their widows; which was read a first time. j: To which Mr. ALLEN replied that he had not.
Mr. YULEE aiso asked that the same commit- j1 And Mr. JOHNSON objected to his motion,
tee be discharged from the further consideration of H Some conversational remarks were made by
the following petitions: John H. Williams; Pass- i| Messrs. BREESE, BAGBY, and HANNEGAN,
ed Midshipman John L. Worden; Sasan T. E. || on the subject of the practice of the Senate.
Williamson, widow of Charles L. Williamson;
Henry La Reintree; and of Samuel Raub.
Mr. W ESTCOTT, from the Committee of Claims,
reported the following House bills:
For the relief of John Morgan, with an amend-
ment, accompanied by a report.
For the relief of G. De Lirac.
For the relief of Wm. T. Holland.
Mr. W. pressed immediate action on the last
Mr. JOHNSON withdrew his objection, and the
motion to reconsider was decided in the affirma-
tive.
Mr. ALLEN said he had no othsr motive but
that the Senate should exercise a proper caution
before they adopted a resolution of this character.
The Constitution gave the President a right to
withhold his nominations until the latter part of
the session. There was no precedent for a request
named bill, as it was merely to pay a witness sent j that the President would communicate his
from Rio Janeiro to Richmond, Virginia, to testify
in relation to the slave trade, and would not in-
volve an amount of more than three hundred dol-
lars.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland,moved an amend-
ment to the bill; and—
Mr. WESTCOTT preferred that it should take
its place on the calendar.
bills introduced on leave.
Mr. ALLEN, on leave, introduced a bill further
to extend the time for locating Virginia military
land warrants, and returning surveys thereon;
which was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. ATCHISON, on leave, introduced a bill
granting to the State of Missouri the right of way
and a donation of public lands, for making a rail-
road connecting the town of St. Joseph, on the
Missouri river, with the town of Hannibal, on the
Mississippi river; which was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BELL, on leave, introduced a bill to au-
thorize the district judge of the State of Tennessee
to hold a special term. ]
The bill having received its first reading— I
Mr. BELL requested immediate action on it, j
which was opposed by Mr. WESTCOTT. The i
for not doing in the earlier stages of the session
what he had a right to do at any time previous to
the adjournment of the Senate. This resolution,
therefore, if proper to be offered now, might have
been submitted with equal propriety on the second
day of the session. If the Senate had a right to
call on the President for the reasons which in-
fluenced him in his Executive course, he had the
same right to ask for the reasons which operated
op the Senate, to induce this body to reject any of
his nominations.
On motion of Mr. HANNEGAN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the special order,
and the further discussion of Mr. Johnson's reso-
lution was postponed.
aid for yucatan.
The special order being the bill to enable the
President to take temporary military occupation
of Yucatan, and the bill being under consideration
as in Committee of the Whole—
Mr. HANNEGAN then rose and addressed the
Senate, at 3ome considerable length and with no
little animation, in favor of the bill as reported by
the committee. When the bill was first reported
he did not anticipate any opposition, but since it
had become apparent that there would be, he
should confine himself to the remarks made by the
