1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
720
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] and
endeavor, as feras was in his power, to answer,
and he hoped successfully, all his objections. Mr.
H. then proceeded, with his usual fervor, to reply
to the objections of .Mr. Calhoun seriatim, as de-
rived from the remarks of that gentleman, on the
introduction of the bill. He (Mr. H.) could njit
discover, after the closest and most rigid scrutiny,
any of those hidden dangers in the message that
had been suggested by the Senator from South
Carolina, but not-designated"; but he did discover
that Yucatan appealed to this country, urging it,
by every tie of humanity that binds man to man,
to save her from destruction, or that in two short
months she must cease to exist—that the whole
white population must be swept from the face of
the earth. The committee had reported a bill
strictly in accordance with the message, proposing
to allow force enough to drive back the savage
hordes from their murderous assaults upon the
innocent and unoffending inhabitants; this was all
the bill proposed, and neither the President nor
any one else had ever dreamed of anything but
temporary military occupation. He would not pre-
tend to say that a state of-things might not arise
which would oblige us to hold the country perma-
nently, and he shQuld not, in his opinion, be acting
fairly or candidly if he avowed that under no cir-
cumstances would he consent to a permanent occu-
pation; that, however, was his private opinion.
Already had we seen that one of the most formida-
ble Powers of the earth was hastening with race-
horse speed to seize the Isthmus; and although
the Senator from South Carolina had said that
England in her present condition could no more
seize Yucatan than he could, they had the most
authentic information that she had seized Hon-
duras and the Mosquito country, and had been
advancing her troops upon Yucatan, under the guise
of taking care of British interests. England never
had enough to do at home to prevent her from
accomplishing any mighty designs which she had
in anticipation. Had they not seen in the late
troubles in Europe, where thrones had been de-
molished "as by the stroke of the enchanter's
wand," England had remained firm and immova-
ble? Does any one suppose that her settlement
near Yucatan was brought about by any hope of
gain to hei; citizens from a miserable traffic in dye-
woods? If they did they were mistaken. That
nation was looking to secure the great route by
the Isthmus to the Pacific, which would give her
the control of the trade of the East. Let her get
possession of Yucatan, and what would be the
effect on southern interests? Look to the map,
and see that Yucatan shakes hands almost with
Cuba; let her then obtain Yucatan, and he had no
more doubt that she would get possession of Cuba
than he had that the trees would sprout and the
flowers blossom in the spring; indeed, at this very
hour had they possession of information that Eng-
land was endeavoring to obtain that fertile island,
and that once effected, the Gulf of Mexico would
become a mare clausum. Cuba was said to be the
key, and with Yucatan she would have both lock
and key, and control the whole outlet of the vast
Mississippi; and*were they to fold their arms
quietly and see Yucatan and Cuba fall into the
arms of England ?
Mr. H. went, on to allege that England was now,
through her agents, supplying the Indians with
muskets, bearing on them the stamp of the Tower
of London. If we refuse to respond to this call,
we shall also stand supine while England seizes on
Cuba. He did not consider that this measure
could be regarded as inopportune because it might
give offence to England. He did not believe Eng-
land would take offence at our action, and if she
should, he did not care. England would not in-
terfere with any country in which we had planted1
our foot. Not that she had any fear of us. Fear
was not an element in the English character. Did
she believe that her honor required it, although she
were to read her fate written in the book of doom,
she would not hesitate a moment to go to war with
us, or with any other country on earth.
Mr. H. alluded also to the objections Mr. Cal-
houn had made to the policy avowed by Mr. Mon-
roe in his message of 1823, touching foreign inter-
ference on this continent, and desired to know why
it was that the Senator from South Carolina had
taken such exceptions to it now, as reiterated by
Mr. Polk, when he was committed to it while in
the cabinet'of Mr. Monroe? Was it not of more
force now than then, when England had seized, by
violence or fraud, every foot of land which she
holds south of Yucatan? Mr. H. also dwelt on
the phantoms of debt and taxation conjured up in
the brain of the Senator from South Carolina; and
insisted, that as our territories were extended, all
the elements of strength and prosperity were like-
wise increased, and that no parallel could be drawn
between the kingdoms of England and France and
this country, as there was no similarity between
them. He drew a comparison between the time
of Mr. Monroe with the'present, when the Sen-
ator said the whole cost of the Government did
not exceed ten millions of dollars. At no period
during the administration of that President, had
the population reached ten millions; now it might
be fairly estimated at twenty-four millions of souls.
He pointed to St. Louis and New Orleans as being
the rivals of New York—the former city, during
the time of Mr. Monroe, a mere collection of huts
for the Indian trader. He pointed, too, to Pitts-
burg, to Cincinnati, with the hundred thousand
inhabitants, and the vast internal commerce of the
lakes, which had literally grown up since that time,
and asked if that was not something to show for
the increase of expenditures now required?
The Senator from South Carolina had said he
would go far for humanity. What could humanity
suggest less than this bill proposed? Food and
clothing would be of little avail without arms. He
repeated that there was no intention to do more
than take temporary occupation of Yucatan. It
had also been asserted that the language of the
message went beyond the declaration of Mr. Mon-
roe. He insisted, on the contrary, that Mr. Mon-
roe's declaration embraced the whole of the two
continents of America; the message of Mr. Polk
went to a more limited extent, as it only looked to
North America. He read from Mr. Monroe's
declaration to sustain him in this view. But he
put it to the Senator from South Carolina, how he
could reconcile it to his own consistency, that he
sustained the declaration of Mr. Monroe at the
time it was issued, and that he opposed the prin-
ciple now. He stated that he had been permitted
to have an interview with John Q.uincy Adams,
(on whom he passed an eloquent eulogy,) in which
he had learned that that distinguished statesman
was the author of that declaration, as he had pre-
pared it, in consequence of a conversation with
Mr. Monroe. The object was to prevent any in-
terference of European Powers, not by war, but
by negotiation. When this declaration was com-
municated to the foreign ministers, the British min-
ister instantly protested against it. All the other
ministers acquiesced, except the minister from Rus-
sia, who said he would communicate the declara-
tion to his Government, and communicate the reply.
Nothing, however, had been since heard from Rus-
sia. He stated these facts, to prove that both Mr.
Monroe and Mr. Adams meant something by this
declaration more than a mere sound. He conclu-
ded with reading a paragraph from the message,
to show that nothing more than a temporary occu-
pation w.as contemplated.
Mr. CLAYTON took the ground that the Pres-
ident had merely suggested the employment of the
troops so long as the Mexican war should continue,
and not an hour longer. The President, therefore,
could not be regarded as responsible for this bill,
which went beyond his suggestion, inasmuch as it
proposed a temporary occupation, and the word
temporary meant just so long as might be conve-
nient. He viewed the bill as incompatible with
our treaty stipulations with Mexico, which provi-
ded that we should withdraw our troops within a
designated line. After the ratification of this treaty,
Mexico may think proper to resume her sovereign-
ty over Yucatan. Can Mexico be made to believe
that we are only actuated by motives of humanity,
and that our real object is not to scatter our treaty
stipulations to the winds ? It should also be recol-
lected that we have concluded an armistice with
( Mexico. Now, will not that armistice be violated
I the moment we send fresh troops into Mexico? He
dwelt on the cruelty of taking our troops, debilita-
ted by the climate to which they have so long been
exposed, and transporting them to Yucatan. Was
it possible that any of the-se troops would ever re-
turn home?
_ Mr. HANNEGAN said the climate about Me-
rida was very wholesome.
Mr. CL AYTON replied that the way to it pass-
ed through a very unhealthy country, as was the
case in Mexico. The population of Yucatan was
said to be about 500,000, of which the proportion
of whites was only 50,000. He cautioned the Sen-
ate against entering into another Indian war, after
the experience we had in Florida, and while we
are now engaged in a fight with the Camanches.
He expressed a hope that the true object of this
measure was not to raise a new issue for the next
Presidential election. He was opposed to the bill.
If we are to act, he thought we ought not to do so
until we had obtained the consent of Mexico.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, said that the Pres-
ident had proposed nothing beyond the temporary
occupation of Yucatan. Whenever a proper time
came, he was ready to take his stand against the
intervention of European Powers. But that did
not enter into this question. Yucatan was a part
of-Mexico, and he was willing, on the ground of
humanity, to respond to the request of Yucatan
for aid in her present difficulty and distress. He
said, that whenever the two great salient points
should be endangered by England, whenever Yu-
catan and Cuba ^hould be attempted by her, he
would step forward to oppose her.
Mr. CLAYTON put the case, if the colored
people of Cuba should rise against the white pop-
ulation, and they should call on England for as-
sistance, would the Senator, because England
granted the aid, and took military possession of
Cuba, be ready to make war with England?
Mr. DAVIS replied in the affirmative. On the
subject of the armistice, he said he had a difficulty
at the outset, but he had been advised that the
armistice would not interfere. He believed that the
armistice would expire before we could send out aid
to Yucatan. He had no proof to satisfy him that
England was interfering with the Yucatanese. He
did not regard the fact that the Indians had Tower
muskets as any evidence, because these muskets,
which were condemned by the English Govern-
ment, in consequence of the improvement in those
arms, were a commodity of trade common through-
out Mexico, being an article of ordinary traffic.
He desired to move an amendment to the bill, so
as to make it merely an authority to" raise more
volunteers to supply the place of such of our pres-
ent force as may be deemed necessary for the de-
fence of Yucatan.
Mr. D. then moved to strike out all after the
word " authorized," in the fourth line, down to
the same word in the second line 'of the second
section, and to insert, after the word " duty," in
the fifth line, the following words: " To answer
the exigent demand for the immediate presence of
a portion of our army in Yucatan."
So that the bill, if amended, would read:
Be it eiiuiied, $c., That the President of the United States
he, and he is hereby, authorized and empowered to accept
the services of an equal number ot volunteer troops to sup-
ply the place of such as may he withdrawn from their pres-
ent duty to answer to the exigent demand for the immediate
presence of a portion of our army in Yucatan: Pr'>videdy
Their services shall be required; the same to be raised for
service during the war with Mexico, agreeably to the pro-
visions of the act of May thirteenth, eighteen hundred and
forty-six, and March third, eighteen hundred and fortv-
seven."
Mr. HANNEGAN. Where, then, would be
the authority for the President to take possession
of and to occupy Yucatan?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. He would derive
his authority from the declaration of war with
Mexico. It is on the ground of our war with
Mexico that he wished to place this measure.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said the amendment com-
pletely changed the character of the bill, making it
merely an authority to raise an additional force
for the war in Mexico. He referred to the diffi-
cylty which the chairman of the Military Commit-
tee had found in marching along: at the head of his
twenty thousand volunteers. He had been daily
giving the word, " forward, march I" but not a
step had they advanced. This amendment cut
loose the bill from the suggestion of the President.
If the treaty should be ratified, these troops would
not be required. "\yhat, then, would become of
the people of Yucatan? Besides, the object of
raising troops for the war with Mexico is to put
down an enemy. How was this object to be ef-
fected by lending aid to Yucatan, who is our
enemy? He thought the armistice also stood in
the way. The civil war in Yucatan was racing at
the time the armistice was made, and probably,
had it been intended to exclude Yucatan, it would
have been done in express language. The chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations, he
