THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
presumed, regarded this measure as distinct from
the war in Mexico. If so," he could only regard it
as a violation of the principle of intervention which
we laid down for the observance of all other na-
tions. Other nations would be induced to create
slight pretexts, on which they would justify them-
selves in following our example. This might lead
to a slobbering and protracted war everywhere. It
would add to the number o'f the unjust wars which
had agitated the world. *
He stated that he would be willing to render
assistance to any people suffering as these people
are. But he tlrought we should be cautious how
we brought such a measure forward as a part of
our general system 6f policy. There was another
point. They who suffer are a minority. Were
we to send arms and armies to aid the minority in
putting down the majority? [Mr. Hannegan-.
They are savages.] For three hundred years this
Government has ruled the country; and can they
come to us, after three hundred years, and tell us
these are savages, without incurring an imputation
on themselves? What misgovernment must have
been practised to keep these people in a savage
state! But it was not so. These people were not
slaves—there was a law in existence against sla-
very—they were citizens, in the enjoyment of an
equality of rights and privileges. He desired much
more light before he could consent to vote for this
bill. He would rather send out an umpire, in the
first instance, to ascertain where the right lay.
We ought to be judges before we became execu-
tioners. He would willingly do everything to
rescue the people of Yucatan from the murderous
assaults ot their enemies. But he could not but
remember that for three hundred years these peo-
ple have groaned under the Spanish yoke, and
what oppressions may they not have endured to
urge them to their dteadful retaliations?
There were no fixed limits to the occupation in
the bill. How long may it be before the vengeance
of these Indians will be satisfied? How long will
it be before these fifty thousand white people would
be able to make head against their enemies? We
must make a permanent military settlement there
to effect any beneficial result. He desired infor-
mation as to the probable extent of the occupation,
and of the probable cost, in order that he might
give an account of his vote, and his reasons for it,
when required by his constituents.
Mr. DAYIS, of Mississippi, made a brief ex-
planation in reference to the terms of the armistice,
which, in his view, excluded the wild Indians and
bodies of troops which were acting without au-
thority.
Mr. FOOTE thought that the President was in
a most unfortunate predicament as he seemed to
have failed to obtain the acquiescence of either
party, and went on to address the Senate until the
hour of adjournment, near four o'clock.
[A full report of the debate will be found in the
Appendix.]
The Senate adjourned to Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, <Miuj 6, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, offered a
resolution, in the usual form, to terminate debate
in Committee of the Whole on the bill for settling
the ciaim of the legal representatives of Richaid
W. Meade, deceased, after the House has again
had the same under consideration for two hours,
if not sooner disposed of.
Mr. BOWLIN moved to lay the resolution on
the table; oil which motion 41 voted in the affirma*
tive, and 49 in the negative, being less than a
quorum.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved a call of the
House; which motion was agreed to, and the roll
was called accordingly.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut—a quorum
having been found present—moved that further
proceedings under the call be dispensed with. The
motion was agreed to: Ayes 82, noes 39.
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay the resolution of Mr. Rockwell on the table,
and was determined in the negative: Ayes 58,
noes 01.
The question then rccurred on the adoption of
the resolution.
Mr. BOWLIN called for the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered.
Mr. McCLELLAND moved to amend the reso-
lution, so as to provide that the debate shall ter-
minate at two o'clock on Friday next.
After some conversation, in which Messrs.
ROCKWELL of Connecticut, McCLELLAND,
and HO.LMES of South Carolina, took part, the
amendment was agreed to, by a vote of 69 to 53.
The resolution, as amended, was then adopted.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the private calendar.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of .the Union, for the purpose of proceeding
with the consideration of the bounty-Jand bill,
which being a special order, he contended, took
precedence of the motion made by the gentleman
from Connecticut, on Fridays and Saturdays, as
well as other days.
The SPEAKER decided, that according to the
practice of the House, the special order alluded to
would not take precedence on private bill days.
Mr. McCLERNAND appealed from the decis-
ion of the Chair.
The question, Will the House sustain the de-
cision of the Chair? was taken, and decided in the
affirmative.
The motion of Mr. Rockwell was then agreed
to, and the House resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole House on the private calendar, (Mr.
Cabell in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion of the " bill for settling the claim of the legal
representatives of Richard W. Meade, deceased."
Mr. BOWLINand Mr. MARVIN participated
in the debate on this bill.
Mr. PUTNAM offered the following amendment
in lieu of the first section, and spoke in Us support:
"That the Sccietaryof the Treasury be, and hereby is,
authorized to examine any claims arising on contracts
which Richard W. Meade had on the :22d of February, 1810,
and as the same then existed against the Government of
ftpam, and determine by competent testimony, and as lull
a  that required m support ot claims betore the board or'
tomuusbionets under the Florida treaty, the balance due,
if an>tlmjij, to said Meade. The Attorney General ot* the
United fcka.'es shall attend the haid examination on the pait
ot tin* Government, and be permitted to offui any counter-
evideneo tending to deteat the said claims or reduce the
amount thereof."
Mr. WOODWARD next obtained the floor, but
gave way to
Mr. SAWYER, who moved that the committee
rise. Agreed to by a majority ot 56 to 24.
The committee accordingly rose and reported
progress.
The House then adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred :
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Virginia: The petition of the
citizens ot Ritchie county, Virginia, for a po>t-route.
By Mr. GOGGLN : The petition o' Robert Hare and 2U2
other citizens of .Philadelphia, lemonstiatuig against lite
comae pursued by the Camden and Amboy luuiioad Com-
pany in the transpoitation of passengcis, and asking for the
suivey ot a post-route and conduction 01 a ra-Iioad between
the cities oi .Vevv York and Philadelphia.
Uy Mr. EOVVAilDS: The memorial of the American
Medical Association, convened in Baltimore on May 1, ask-
ing lor the passage ot stjingent and effective laws tor pre-
\ entmg the importation oi adulterated dt ugs, medicines, and
chemicals used in the practice ol medicine.
By Mr. DUNCAN: The memorial of John Poe.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 8, 1848.
Mr. CABELL (objection being made) moved a
suspension of the rules, to enable him to move to
make the joint resolution authorizing the settle-
ment by the proper accounting officers of the treas-
ury, and payment of the expenses of the United
States ship Macedonian, on her recent voyage to
Ireland and Scotland, the special order of the day
for Tuesday of next week, and until disposed of.
The question being taken, the House refused to
suspend the rules. *
Mr. BRODHEAD (objection being made)
moved to suspend the rules, to enable him to offer
a resolution to rescind a resolution passed by the
House on the 20th of March last, providing for the
distribution of documents to clerks of the county-
courts.
The question being taken, the rules were sus-
j pended", and, under the operation of the previous
1 question, the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, moved to recon-
sider the resolution just passed, and briefly and
warmly vindicated the justice and propriety of the
original resolution. He referred to objections
which had been made, .and maintained that it
would be equal in its operation, and that its effect
would be to place in the hands of the clerks of the
counties a copy of each of the documents printed
by order of the House of Representatives, where
they could be consulted by the whole people, and
where, in a few years, would be collected a valua-
ble amount of information, accessible to the pub-
lic, and constituting public property; whereas the
documents, as soon as they now left the House
under the franks of members, became private prop-
erty. Of how much value would not be a collec-
tion of all the public documents printed by order
of the House for the last twenty years! Such a
collection, from this time forward, would be at-
tained at a very trifling expense under the resolu-
tion, if it were allowed to stand.
Mr. BRODHEAD briefly contended that the
resolution which it was proposed to rescind would
be unequal in its operation, impracticable, and un-
necessary. Each member, he argued, was best
qualified to judge to what part of his own district
the public documents should be sent*, and if the
clerks of the counties were the proper persons,
they would receive them. As for the general read-
ing of them at the clerks' offices contended for by
the gentleman from Mississippi, he thought a law
office was the last place to which the farmers would
be likely to resort for the purpose.
Mr. DICKEY demanded the previous question.
Mr. PETTIT moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table; which was agreed to.
So the matter was disposed of, and the original
resolution was rescinded.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, (objection being made,)
moved to suspend the rules, m order to move to
take up and make the special order, after the spe-
cial orders already made shall have been disposed
of, except for Fridays and Saturdays, the bill grant-
ing to the Alabama, Florida, and Georgia Railroad
Company the alternate sections of the public lands
along the route of their contemplated road, on cer-
tain conditions.
The question being taken, the rules were not
suspended.
BOUNTY-LAND BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, said there was a
special order on the calendar, the debate on which
the House had decided should be terminated to-
day at two o'clock. He alluded to the bounty-
land bill, which was of some importance to many
of them; on which, therefore, he moved that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The yeas and nays were called for and ordered
on that motion; and, being taken, resulted thus:
Yeas 117, nays 33.
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Hilliard in the chair,) and resumed the
i consideration of the following bill:
i A BILL to amend an act entitled "An act to raise, for a lim-
ited time, an additional military force, and for other pur-
poses,7' approved February 11, 1847.
Be xt enacted, $c , That every non-commissioned officer,
private, or musician of the army of the United States, who
has been, or who may hereafter, during the continuance of
the present war with Mexico, be promoted to the rank of
commissioned officer, and who, if such promotion had not
taken place would have been, or may hereafter be, entitled
to receive from the War Department a certificate or warrant
for pubiic land, or tieasury scrip in lieu thereof, under the
ninth section of the act of which this is an amendment,
shall, notwithstanding such promotion, be entitled to leceive
said warrant or certificate, or treasury scrip in lieu thereof,
tn the same manner as if such promotion had not taken
place: Provided, That all the leqmsites of the ninth secuou
of the act approved February 11,1847, shall have heen faith-
fully complied with: Jind provided, Juithcr, That the pro-
visions ot the said ninth section shall be a% applicable to land
wariarits or certificates issued under this act as to those that
might be issued tn virtue of said mmh section. Prodded, fur-
ther, That they shall have been elected or promoted alter
reaching the seat of war.
The pending question was on an amendment
offered by Mr. Thompson, of Mississippi, as fol-
lows:
Jind be it further enccted, That the benefits and rights
concerted by the ninth section of the above recited act upon
the soldiers engaged in the present war with Mexico be, and
the same are heieby, so extended that each non-commission-
ed officer, musician, and private of the regular aimv*, or of
any company of volunteers, rangers, or militia whoaeivedin
the Indian war m the Northwest Territory, prioi to the tieaty
of Greenville, in 1795, or who served during the late war
