1840,
^ttGreiitBrittin for twelvemonths or more, and was hun-
nV1Hv<li-char«ed, and who has not received a bounty of
"and bv virtue of any law heretofore passed,shall be entitled
to -ind receive a warrant for one hundred and sixty acres of
land • and such non-commissioned officer, musician, and
nrivate of any company of volunteers or militia, who actu-
ally served for six months in the said Indian war, or in the
said war With Great Britain, and was honorably discharged,
shall be entitled to and receive a warrant for eighty acres of
land; the bounties of land herein granted shall be subject
to the same rules of descent, and be located in the same
manner and with the same restrictions as are now provided
In the said above recited act."
Mr. VINTON, who was entitled to the floor
from a preceding day, said the amendment to the
bill now under consideration proposed, in the first
place, to give land bounties to the officers and sol-
diers' who served in the campaigns of 1792 and
1793> or in what were commonly called the Indian
campaigns in the western country, and also to
give a bounty to all the militia called into the pub-
lic service during the last war with Great Britain,
for periods of six and twelve months. This, aside
from the establishment of a new principle, was, as
he thought, a proposition of vastly more import-
ance than at thfe first view would seem to belong
to it. ' "
Permit him to remark in the outset, that he re-
garded this proposition, together with one or two
others which have been piesented to this House
during the last ten days or two weeks, as equiva-
lent to a proposition to surrender up the whole of
the public domain of this country to the hands of
those who may think proper to speculate in the
public lands. They would require to satisfy them
a quantity of land as great, or nearly^ great, as
all the land that had been sold by tms Govern-
ment in every part of the country from the found-
ation of the Government down to this day. He
was inclined to think this House did not know
what it was asked to do on this subject. When
they remembered that the public domain of this
country was worth at this moment at least one
thousand millions of dollars, it was of some con-
sequence at least, that before they legislated upon
a subject of this importance they should weigh
well what they were about to do. There was no
gentleman in this House more willing than he was
to do whatever was proper to be done by way of
compensating those who had exposed themselves
in defence of their country; but still he thought
that in such matters there should bejsome rule,
some principle, some time somewhertffixed, that
the door at some time might be closed against such
legislation# No gentleman that he had heard
speak on the proposition before the committee
had undeitaken to say that this^Government was
under any obligation to grant these bounties. No
gentleman had undertaken to say that they had
been ever promised by the country to those sol-
diers who enlisted in the late war with Great
Britain; but it had been shown by the gentleman
from Michigan, who addressed the House the
other day, that at that time the proposition was
made to give bounties, and after corisideiation of
the subject, a bill to grant bounties was passed,
but it was repealed again in a single week.
Well, what was this proposition? It was a
proposition to give bounties to armies raised sixty
yeais ago, or nearly so; and to armies raised a
quarter of a century ago, and half a quarter of a
century more. The subject of rewarding those
men came up as a matter of course for considera-
tion, when they were called into-the public service.
The Government had the land at that time, which
could have been given to them if it had been thought
proper; and yet, with a full view of and on a proper
consideration of the subject at that time, the Gov-
ernment thought proper to withhold it. And when
laws were passed on full consideration, for the
employment of men in the public service in any
form or shape, unless there was some great and
important reason to the contrary—unless it could
be shown that some mistake had been made by
those who had gone beforeus,public policy seemed
to require that we should pause before we, at this
late day, engaged in such legislation as was now
Eroposed. YVe had now the Mexican war on our
amis, and we had made some provision, after full
debate of the consequences to grow out of it, for
the soldiers serving in Mexico. Well, now, sup-
pose that some sixty years hence some gentleman
should get up and say to the Congress then sitting
in this Hall, " the Congress sitting here sixty years
ago did not do its duty to those Mexican soldiers,,
and therefore it is our duty to order that money
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
731
and lands or something else shall be given to them
that survive, and not to them only, but to their
children and descendants." How would such a
proposition differ from the present? This Congress
doubtless thought it was competent, when it had
all the facts- before it, and possessed a knowledge
of all the circumstances of the case, to decide cor-
rectly what ought-to be done, as well certainly as
any gentleman sixty or even forty or thirty years
hence. He, held"that the business of legislation,
as well as of adjudication, and everything else for
one generation,.should be done by thatgeneration.
Every generation must legislate for itself. R must
do its own work.^ Public policy required that
every generation should do its own work as it went
along. There was an evident impropriety, when
a generation had passed away, and one or two
succeeding generations, from some notion of be-
nevolence, thus to give away the public treasure—
for property was money. He desired to call the
attention of the committee to the fact, that neither
during the war of the American Revolution, which
was fought chiefly by the militia that was then
called into the service, nor during the last war, nor
at any time prior to this present Mexican war, had
there ever been a land bounty granted to those who
had served their country as militia. If Congress
should pass this bill, and thereby should say that
they would grant bounties to those who served
during the Indian wars of 1792 and 1793, and those
who served during the last war, for twelve or six
months, was there any gentleman there who could
tell him why they should not go back to the war
of the American Revolution, when the militia
served as long or longer than either of these periods,
when their services were as valuable, and when
everybody knew they were not paid, for the coun-
try was not then able to pay? Yea, that was the
distinguishing feature of those who served during
the war of the Revolution, whereas all those era-
biaced in the proposition before the committee
had been paid.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, interposed
to explain. The reason why he had not gone back
to the period of the Revolution was, that all the
revolutionary soldiers had been provided for by
pensions, and he had no desire to interfere with
the pension system.
Mr. VINTON asked if the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi meant to say that all the soldiers of the
Revolution had received pensions ? The gentleman
could not mean that. Those only had received
pensions who had been spared and continued alive
down to 1832. All those who died during the first
quarteror half century after the Revolution had had
no pensions: they had received neither bounty lands
nor money, nor had their heirs received any for
their serviced. And were there any services ren-
dered that were more valuable than those of the
American Revolution? And yet those soldiers were
the only troops thathad died without receiving any
pay, and whose children and grandchildren were
now spread over tins wide land, each of whom had
as good a claim as many for whom gentlemen de-
sired to make provision by this bill: not that he
wished any legislation for them when two genera-
tions had passed away. But he asked again, if
they adopted this proposition, could any gentle-
man rise up and say he would refuse to give ihe
same bounties to those who served during the war
of the American Revolution ?
Mr. McCLERNAND. Does the gentleman
affirm that none of the States granted bounties of
land to their militia who served m the revolution-
ary war? If so, he is mistaken.' Viiginia and
North Carolina more particularly provided for their
militia in a most liberal and munificent "manner.
These States granted bounties of land to their rev-
olutionary soldiers. Connecticut reserved a Urge
quantity of land, which she preferred to apply for
the support of schools. So the gentleman is mis-
taken.
Mr. VINTON replied, that some of those States
might have given bounties to their troops, but that
did notalfect the argument he was making. Where
did the larger proportion of troops come from during
the war of the Revolution? From New England,
New York, and Pennsylvania; and he undertook
to say that north of the Potomac no reservations
were made when the public lands were lehnquish-
ed for the soldiers of the American Revolution.
North Carolina and Virginia made such reserva-
tions, he admitted; bm New York, and Massachu-
setts, and other States which had claims equally
valid, relinquished their lands without reservation.
But he would not dwell on this point. He intend-
ed merely to state the question; and he asserted
that they could not give-bounty lands to the militia
that were embraced m the Amendment, and equita-
bly withhold bounties from the militia who served
during the American Revolution.
But why, he would ask the gentleman from
Mississippi, stop at six months?
Mr. THOMPSON was understood to say that
he had followed the precedents which had' been
set by the friends of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. VINTON. Why, a succeeding Congress
might come and say that they had not done half
enough, and that, instead ofstop^ingatsixmonths,
they should have stopped at three months. But to
proceed. Why.should they,not include the mili-
tia employed in the Black Hawk war? Why not
include those who served in the Florida war? Why
not include those who sustained the honor and glory
of the country on the lakes and the ocean? Why
should our sailors and marines be shutout? If this
proposition were agreed to, every other person
who had rendered service in defence of the country
should also be provided for by bounty lands, even
down to service for a single month. The man who
served for one month suffered as much, and per-
haps more, than some others. His loss of crops
would perhaps be as great by one month's service
as six months.
Now, then, the gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. Thompson,] and the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. McClernand,] had stated to the committee
that the proposition in this bill would be satisfied,
probably, by some six or seven millions of acres
of the public domain. Only from six to seven
millions! an amount equal to all the bounties ever
granted by this Government for the entire amount
of military services rendered during the war of the
Revolution and the last war with Great Britain.
But, instead of being confined to that, the bill estab-
| lished a principle which, oncc adopted, would ad-
j mit of no stopping-place until a bounty should
i have been provided for every man who at any
1 time, or for any period, had done military service.
Instead of seven millions of acres, it involved an
appropriation which forty millions of acres-would
not satisfy.
He had understood from the intelligent chair-
man of the Committee on the Public Lands (and
he stated the fact here, lest that gentleman, as
was too probable, might fail to obtain the floor)
that he had found, on examination, that three
hundred and eighty thousand men had served, for
a longer or shorter period, during the last war
alone. How many had done service during the
Revolution none could even conjecture. From this
one fact the committee would be able to see some-
thingof the consequences of adopting measures hke
that proposed.
Again : he objected to the amendment in conse-
quence of the principle it went to establish. It was
proposed to throw open the land offices *of the
i country to every soldier who obtained a warrant,
just as if his certificate was so much money in
hand. Once adopt an arrangement like this, and
there was an end at once'to the landed branch of
the public revenue. The revenue was derived
from two sources—the customs and the public
domain. From the sales of the public lands this
Government had already derived one hundred and
twenty millions of dollars.
[The House being here in some confusion, Mr.
V. observed, that as he perceived the committee
were not disposed-to listen to him, he did not de-
sirelonger to intrude himself upon their attention.
And he took his seat. Cries of " Go on;" "go
on !" from all quarters. The order of the commit-
tee being in some measure restored, he was pre-
vailed on to proceed.]
He had been observing that the measure pro-
posed, if it should be adopted, must inevitably put
| an end to that branch of the public revenue which
| was derived from the public lands.
| If this amendment should pass into a law, what
j wouldhappen? Immediately men who had money
| in all parts of the country, and who understood
1 the process of land jobbing, would hire agents just
; as a man who had capital in Connecticut hired
men to go about the country and peddle tin, who
would spread themselves in all quarters and hunt
up old men who had served in Harmar's and
Wayne's campaigns, or their widows or descend-
ants, and would buy up their claims for a song,
