1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
735
he had suggested. They said they wanted to get
rid of this source of public revenue, and they did
not care how, for these lands were used as capital
wherewith to operate in choosing Presidents. Gen-
tlemen who were actuated by motives of that kind
were those who were ordinarily of a conservative
character. But gentlemenwho had any regard for
honor and honesty would consider how these lands
came into our hands, and for what purposes we
hold them. We were not without light on this sub-
ject if we desired it, even from the bupreme Court
of the United States. The question had been before
that court, and it had been decided that Congress
were metely trustees of the public lands, and were
bound to administer the trust fairly for the benefit
of the estate, as though it were a private estate.
Could a man who was a trustee for a private estate
say he would not keep the property vested in him
as trustee because he feared it would corrupt himr
"What if a trustee should say, u with this property
in my hand'I cannot act with integrity; 1 shall be
tempted to steal it; I will therefore throw it away!"
Was that an honest discharge of a trust? He did
not know how it struck other members, but he,
with old-fashioned notions of the duty of a trustee,
with respect to property that came into his hands,
could not reconcile it with his idea of common
honesty. So he would say of this mode of getting
rid of our trust property. It was not honest. He
knew they might invest it for the benefit of the
'estate in ten thousand ways. He did not say they
were bound to hold money, and not expend it for
the benefit of the estate, or build colleges or insti-
tutions for the benefit of the people to. whom it be-
longed. He said nothing against that. But he
could'not agree with those gentlemen who alleged
that this was a corruption fund, and therefore that
they must get rid of it. That was the point to
which lie was calling the attention of the commit-
tee. Gentlemen should bear in mind, too, that
these public lands were pledged for debts contract-
ed by the Government; the public faith, therefore,
required that they should be husbanded with care,
and the price kept up in the market. If he bor-
rowed money, and pledged his horse as security
for the payment, could he theft say that he would
dispose of that, as he was personally good enough
for the debt? He certainly had no right to sell
his Korse without the consent of the creditor who
had advanced him money on the pledge of that
horse as security. But that was not all. The
public domain .was set apart as a permanent fund,
in which their children had an interest, and, there-
fore, he believed that he was not at liberty to en-
tertain these various projects, for every man must
see that they will reduce the income from the pub-
lic lands.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, next rose; but there
were but a few minutes remaining for discussion on
this bill, the House having fixed two o'clock as the
time at which debate should be stopped, and there-
fore he said he should simply indicate an Amend-
ment which he should oiler, if he had the oppor-
tunity, when the proper time arrived. He should
propose an amendment to repeal so much of the
act, the title of which was recited in the bill before
the committee, as provided that bounties of lands
shall be located in one body, containing not less
than one hundred and*sixty acres, and then he
desired a provision to be made for the issuing of
warrants lor quantities containing not less than
forty acres, at the option of the holders, and in
conformity to the legal subdivisions of the public
lands. But h.e would give the holder of such war-
rants the power to return them and to take war-
rants for the aggregate one hundred and sixty
acres, limiting, however, these provisions to the
soldiers and their heirs. He would also, if he could
get the opportunity, seek to extend the provisions
of this bill to the soldiers of the Creek and Semi-
nole Indian wars, and to those for whom no pro-
vision had been heretofore made by any act of
Congress. Into the merits or demerits of the gen-
eral measure before the committee he had not time
now to enter, but he wpuld remark that he believed
the amendments which he had intimated his desire
to offer would be very beneficial in their tendency.
The small pittance which the Government gave to
those who risked their lives and all they held dear
in defence of the honor and for the promotion of
the glory of the country should be so given as to
produce the greatest possible amount of good to
the recipient. The gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Cpu.am£r] had indulged in some complaint that
none of these proposition^ met his own case. Now,
he begged that gentleman's attention to the amend-
ments he had suggested, which would be found
sufficient to embrace his case and remove his
ground of complaint. He trusted, therefore, to
have that gentleman's aid on its passage. He would
make provision for all men who have served their
country, though their term of service might be less
than twelve or even six months. He would in-
clude the soldiers of the war of the Revolution,
though more remote, with those of the Creek and
Florida wars of more recent date; and, as soon as
the national debt should have been paid, he would
be willing to give to every man a home who was
not able to buy one for himself.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, hoped he
might be indulgedln a single remark, as there was
yet a min.ute remaining, simply in relation to the
revenue from the public lands, on which the gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] had taken
occasion to make some comments. The gentle-
man from Vermont had said that this measure
would destroy the revenue from the public lands;
but what was their experience while twenty thou-
sand warrants had been issued to iho, soldiers of
the Mexican war? Why, the gentleman from
Vermont, himself the chairman of the Committee
on Public Lands, had admitted that the revenue
from that source was going up. The fact was,
that the more these bounties were given the more
emigration there would be to that section of coun-
try, and the value of the lands would be thereby
enhanced. Thus, then, while they were doing acts
of justice to the soldiers in the past wars, they were
doing no injustice to the old States, but they were
benefiting essentially the new. He was not appre-
hensive that the public faith would be affected by
the passage of this act. Bounties had been grant-
ed to the soldiers of the Mexican war, and nobody
then thought the public faith was tarnished or in
any way endangered. It never was intended that ,
the Government was to be restricted, as the gen- j
tleman from Virginia appeared to imagine; and he j
fully believed that they could apply the graduation
principle to public lands and still increase the value
of the public domain.
The hour having arrived at which debate was
to cease, the question was announced to be on the
amendment of the gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. Thompson.]
Mr. COLLAMER raised a question of order as
to the relevancy of the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN decided that the objection
came too late; and said if it had been made in time,
he should have overruled it.
Mr. LUMPKIN moved to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after thewords "GreatBritam,"
in the ninth and sixteenth lines, the words, " and
in the late war against the Seminole Indians in
Florida."
Mr. CABELL also sent an amendment to the
Chair of a similar character, which was, however,
cut off by the amendment of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Lumpkin.] Mr. C. desired to give
the privilege also of locating lands in lots of eighty
acres, to those who had served less than twelve
months, which the amendment of the gentleman
from Georgia did not permit.
Mr. LUMPKIN consented to modify his amend-
ment so as to meet the views of the gentleman from
Florida.
Mr. STEPHENS suggested a further amend-
ment, so as to add the words " or the Creek In-
dians in Georgia and Alabama."
Mr, LUMPKIN accepted th&t amendment also.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, moved further to
amend, so as to add, " or the campaign against the
Sacs and Foxes, in 1832, commonly known as the
Black Hawk war."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, rose to a ques-
tion of order. His point was, that after an amend-
ment to an amendment, a further amendment was
not in order.
The CHAIRMAN decided that it was compe-
tent for the mover of the amendment to the amend-
ment to accept them on their being suggested,
though it was not in order to offer them as distinct
propositions.
The amendment of Mr. Lcmpkin, as modified,
was agreed to.
The question then recurring on the amendment
of Mr. Thompson, as amended—
Mr. STEPHENS further moved to amend, by
striking out " twelve," and inserting « three," so
as to extend the provision to those who had served
for tluce months. He also moved to strike out
all of the last passage of the amen&mentiof Mr*
Thompson. - Agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, moved to amend, by
inserting after the words ** Greenville, 1795," in
Mr. Jacob Thompson's amendment, the words,
" and to the volunteers or militiamen of the ranging
service, who defended our frontiers a^inst the In-
dians from 1794 down to the close ot the late-war*
with Great Britain."
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, said he had no desire
to figure in this debate, or in any of the debates
which were continually arising within this hall;
but, like his honorable friend from Mississippi,
[Mr. Brown,] when a measure came up m which
his constituents were deeply interested, he felt
bound to say a few words. He had struggled to
obtain the floor, to speak at length on the bill, but
was unsuccessful; and, having but a few minutes
to speak, he could not say all he had desired on the
bill and amendments. While he was in favor of
the amendment of the honorable gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Thompson,] he doubted very
much the propriety of attaching* it to the bili under
consideration; but, inasmuch as it had been offered,
he could not, in justice to the early settlers of the
State from which he came, refrain from offering
the amendment which he had sent to the Chair,
and which had just been read. No class of men
had ever served their country more devotedly, or
encountered more perils and hardships in its de-
fence, than the bold and hardy pioneers wiio en-
tered the janging service and defended our western
frontiers against the savage foe. He was sorry to
see so little apparent sympathy in the committee-
for these gallant men, or their descendants. He
could, if time were allowed him, recount hardships
and privations enduied by these patriotic defenders
of «ur frontiers, and deeds of savage cruelty and
barbarity perpetrated by the Indians upon the
women and children within his own district, that
would thrill with horror through the veins of gen-
tlemen, and stir up their sympathies in behalf of
these men. He could relate the fact of the father
leaving his little family in the morning, in the full
enjoyment of health, and as he supposed in safety,
and, on his return home at night, finding the man-
gled bodies of his wife and children, who had, in
his absence, been butchered by the Indians. He '
had made his amendment with a view to cover all
the cases from 1795 down to the close of the late
war withrGreat Britain; and it was but a simple
act of justice that it should pass.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, desired to
withdraw his amendment. He said amendments
were made and were being offered, which were not
acceptable to him,and he therefore desired to with-
draw the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN replied, that the amendment
was not now under the control of the gentleman
from Mississippi.
The amendment of Mr. Smith, of Illinois, was
then agreed to.
The question again being on Mr. Thompson's
amended amendment—
Mr. HAMMONS moved to insert after the words
" Great Britain," in the tenth line, the words, "or
in the Aroostook war for the period of thirty days."
In supporting his amendment, Mr. H. observed
that the people of Maine had shown themselves •
as patriotic as any of those whose services it was
proposed to reward with land bounties. When
their territory was threatened with invasion by the
British, they shouldered their muskets, and were
ready to meet the enemy, and to vindicate the sov-
ereignty of the Suite over her entire territory.
Another reason was, that the State of Maine had
been robbed by the Ashburton tieaty of nearly
one-third of her territory. If the soldiers who
had been engaged in the Aroostook war should
receive the bounty proposed in his amendment,
Maine would be in some degree restored to her
rights. These men had seen hard service; they
had fought in the woods, had beeri kidnapped and
imprisoned by the enemy, and were in all respecis
as meritorious as any whom it was proposed by
this bill to remunerate.
The question being put, the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. VENABLE offered the following amend-
ment to the amendment; "Also those who served
thirty days in the anti-rent war against BtgThun-
