•736
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8.
der and those who served thirty days in the Mor-
mon war, or in the Dorr war, or in the whiskey ex-
pedition 111 Pennsylvania, or in the buckshot war."
Mr. MeCLERNAND rose to order. The
amendment of the gentleman from North Carolina
(Mr. Venable) was oat of order, as it referred by
name to a war which had no historic or other ex-
istence.
The CHAIR sustained the objection, and ruled
the amendment of Mr. Venable out of order.
A member proposed an amendment to extend
the provisions of the bill to those who had served
in the Southampton insurrection in Virginia. It
was agreed to, as the reporter believes.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved the
following amendment to Mr. Thompson's amend-
ment :
Provided, That all the provisions of this act shall extend
to and include all those who served as volunteers or militia
in the war of the Revolution, and their heirs, not including
tho*p for whose services pension has been granted; and the
same shall also extend to anvi include all who served the
length of time therein stated as petty officers, seamen, and
marines in the navy of the United States during the last war
with Great Britain.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DUER moved to amend Sir. Thompson's
amendment, as follows :'
Strike out all after " the same are hereby," 4th line, and
insert: " extended to every inhabitant of the United States
above the of twenty-one years, being in indigent circum-
stances, or having a family dependent upon his or lier labor
for their support, who now is or who hereafter may become
a citizen of the United States."
He said that if Congress was about to make a
division of the public domain, he was for having
an equal division. He wanted to give all a share.
'He could not see why those only who had fought
for the country were to be sharers in the common
spoil. There were other claims as well as those for
military service. Let the division be something
like equal.
He approved of the principle of making a do-
nation of small portions of the public domain to
actual settlers, under certain restrictions, and on
certain prudent and necessary conditions; but if
Congress was going to enter on these large grants,
he hoped his amendment would be adopted.
The amendment to the amendment was agieed
to.
The question again being on Mr Thompson's
amendment as amended—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, sent to the Chair
as a substitute, to be offered at the proper time, the
draft of a bill, which was read for information,
and will be found below.
Mr. GREEN proposed to insert an amendment
to grant the bounty to all who had desired to slay
a Mexican. [A laugh.]
Mr. TOMPKINS feared that what the commit-
tee were doing would look rather bad upon paper.
He would therefore move that the committee rise.
The motion was rejected by an overwhelming
majority.
A member from New York moved to include all
who had been engaged in the Dorr insurrection.
It was ruled out of order.
Mr. EDWARDS proposed to add, "particular-
ly the man who had admitted Santa Anna into
Mexico." [ A laugh.]
It was ruled out of order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, offered an amend-
ment extending the provisions of the bill to all
who had served in the Revolution from the 1st of
January, 1775.
He supported his amendment by observing,
that it was his desire to go back to those noble-
hearted men who had commenced the great fi°-ht
for our national liberty—men who fought upon
their own hook. He would give one hundred and
sixty acres of the public lands to every one of
them who had served the cause of America against
Great Britain, either m the military, naval, or
inaiine service. This amendment was rejected.
Another motion was here made, that the com-
mittee rise, but promptly negatived.
Mr. DUNN offered an amendment notdistinctly
heard by the reporter, and of which he could ob-
tain no copy.
The question now occurring on the original
amendment to the bill which had been moved by
Mr. Thompson, of Mississippi, as amended by the
adoption of the various amendments to it which
had since been offered, the amendment was reject-
ed; so all the previously adopted amendments fell
with it
Mr. WICK moved an additional section to the
bill, the object of which was to prevent any reduc-
tion in the commutation allowed to-volunteers who
did not n«ed the full amount allowed to regulars
for clothing. He explained the nature of his
amendment.
Mr. STEPHENS rose to order, and objected to
this amendment as not germane to the bill, and
therefore prohibited as an amendment by the fifty-
fifth rule of the House. The sole object of the bill
was, to rectify a false interpretation given at the
Pension Office to the law granting bounty to our
soldiers in the Mexican war, so as to secure the
land bounty to soldiers who had been promoted from
the ranks and received officers'commissions for
good conduct. The subject of this amendment was
wholly foreign to that, and therefore not in order.
The same objection, indeed, would apply to the
whole of the amendments which had been proposed
to the bill. He hoped the committee would rise
and report the bill in its original form.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, thought his
amendment was germane to the bill, because the
bill itself extended the land bounty to those who
would not otherwise receive it, and the amendment
did no more.
The CHAIR sustefined Mr. Stephens's objec-
tion, and ruled Mr. Wick's amendment out of
order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved a substi-
tute for the whole bill after the enacting clause, as,
follows:
That the benefits conferred by the ninth section of the
act entitled "An act to raise, lor a limited tune, an additional
military fbice, and for other purposes," approved February
11, 1^47, he, and the sairie are hereby, extended and secured
to all non-commwsioned officers, musicians, and privates,
who, during the war with Mexico, may have been, or may
hereafter be, promoted to any company or staff ofhee aftet
their arrival at the scat of war, and after the original organi-
zation of the eoinpauy, corps, or regiment to which they
respectively belonged.
Sec. 2. Be it jurtker enacted, That all non-commissioned
officers, musicians, and privates, who may have been, or
may hereafter be, taken prisoner whilst in the line of
their duty in the vvai with Mexico, shall be entitled to and
receive, whether as infantry or mounted metij and whether
their term of service shall expire or not, the same rate of
pay, allowance, and commutation of subsistence dunng cap-
tivity tnat the> weie actually entitled to receive at the time
of captuie.
He explained and briefly advocated his amend-
ment. He said it had received the approval of
experienced men; it was simple, and covered the
whole ground. He hoped the committee would
now go seriously to work and pass the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, proposed to Mr.
Johnson to modify his bill so as to restrict the first
section to such privates as had been promoted from
the ranks after the organization of the regiments to
which they belonged.
Mr. JOHNSON accepted this as a modification
of his substituted bill.
Mr. JONES explained and advocated the amend-
ment.
The question now recurring on the adoption of
Mr. Johnson's substitute, as modified by him at
the suggestion of Mr. Jones—
Mr. STEPHENS opposed the substitute, and
hoped the original bill would be adopted and re-
ported.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, wished to
amend the original bill by the adoption of a substi-
tute. He hoped the gentleman from Arkansas
[Mr. Johnson] would accept it in lieu of his own
as an amendment. It was as follows:
Be it further cnacled^ That in al] cates wlftre, by the laws
now existing, the wite, chitdieu, or parent of any volunteer
officer or soidiei who has died m the service duringthe pres-
ent war with Mexico, are entitled to bounty land, in the
event that feueh officer'or ooldier has died, or shall hereafter
die in the semce, having no wife, children, or parent, then
the next of km who, by the laws ol the State where such
volunteer officer or suldiei enlisted, are heir-at-law of such
decedent, or such person as said oiheer or soldier .shall ap-
point by will, shall be entitled to inherit and receive &uch
i mteiest in said bounty lands as they 01 any of them would
be entitled to under the laws of the place of enlistment or
by such devise.
He remarked that the whole purpose of the ori-
ginal bill, as reported from the committee, was to
supply a casus omissus in the former bounty-land
bill. Now, there were three cases which that bill
failed to provide for, and which it was the purpose
of his substitute to cover. He hoped it would be
accepted as a modification of the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Arkansas.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, declined to ac-
cept it.
Mr. TURNER moved that the committee rise;
but his motion was negatived without a count.
The amendment of Mr. Thompson to the origi-
nal bill was ruled for the present out of order.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, offered the following
amendment to the amendment of Mr. Johnson;
Sec.—. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the land warrants
for military services m the present war with Mexico, issued
in pursuance of the ninth seeiton of the act of February 13,
1847, to raise for a limited time an additional military force,
and for other purposes, may bp located by the warrantee or
his heirs-at-law, in forty or eighty-acre tiacts, at any land
office inthe United Slates, upon any of the public lands in
such district subject to private entry, or upon any lands un-
proved by the warrantee or his heirs-at-law, or to which he
or his heirs may have secured a pieemption right.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, said: When the bill
reported by the honorable gentleman from the
Committee on Public Lands [Mr. Evans] was
under consideration, he proposed an amendment
which he deemed of the first importance to the
gallant men who went from the new States to fight
our battles in Mexico: it was, to permit them to
select their lands in forty or eighty-acre tracts, as
they might consider most for their interest. This
would enable them to secure a part of their bounty
in timber land, and part in prairie. Without this,
the bounty which the Government intended to
bestow on these patriotic men would fail of accom-
plishing the object designed by the passage of the
law making tliese grants. His amendment wa«
cut off by a motion to refer. He therefore renewed
it, and offered it as an additional section to the
bill. It was so equitable and just in its provisions,
that he did*not see how any gentleman could op-
pose it. Aside from the benefits it would confer
upon the gallant men who periled their lives in
defence of the rights and honor of our country*
and shed a lustre upon the American name un-
equalled in this or any former age, it would be an
advantage to the Government, as it would insure
the entry of many detached forty and eighty-acre
tracts, which have been long in market, and that
otherwise would not be entered. If this amend-
ment becomes a law, many of the young men who
have served in this war will appropriate their war-
rants to enlarging \he farms of their fathers, by
taking second-rate lands because of its contiguity
to the farm.
When the bill to which the bill now under con-
sideration is an amendment was under considera-
tion, he gave his views at some length. It did not
pass in the shape he desired. It was not, in his
opinion, liberal enough to the soldier who left the'
endearments and comforts of home, and marched
to the battle-field. He was opposed then to any re-
strictions upon these grants of land, and was in favor
of leaving the soldier free to dispose of this small
bounty, granted to him as a reward for his patri-
otism, in such manner as he might think would
best promote his interest. He then remarked, that
the warrants issued to the soldiers should be in
such form as to make them most available to the
soldier. He should be left free to locate his war-
rant upon any lands belonging to the Government
and subject to sale, and at such time as might best
promote his interest or convenience. Any restric-
tions in relation to the location or transfer of the
warrant, would lessen the value of the grant, and
of course destroy one of the principle objects con-
templated by the bill now under consideration. He
was for giving the soldier full power to make the
most out of this land bounty that he could.
l'he bill of 11th February, 1847, was defective
in another particular: it should have extended its
provisions to the brothers and sisters of those who
were killed, or who died in the service. He had
the honor, when that bill was under consideration,
to offer a substitute which embraced them. The
same reason existed for extending the benefits of
that act to the brothers and sistcia of those who
were killed, or who died in the service, as in ex-
tending it to the father and mother. It was true
that in many cases the son was the stay and sup-
port of the aged and infirm parents; and it was
equally true, that in very many cases he was also
the stay and support, the guardian and protector,
of younger brothers and sisters; many of these cases
were within his own knowledge. Did any gen-
tleman, in voting for the bill granting bounty lands
to those who enlisted or volunteered to serve in the
present war with Mexico, make any other calcu-
lation than to give the full amount of land provided
in the bill*, either to the soldier or his heirs? Did
any one, think you, make the calculation of how
