738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
the relief of John W. Simonton; which was twice
read, and referred to the Committeee on Naval
^Mr.^BORLAND, on leave, introduced a bill to
grant to the State of Arkansas certain unsold lands,
subject to overflow, for the purposes of internal
improvement, education, and for other purposes;
which was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
SPECIAL ORDER—YUCATAN*
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill to enable the President of the United
States to, take temporary military occupation of
Yucatan;the question pending being on the amend-
ment moved by Mr. 'Davis, of Mississippi, as a
substitute for the original bill.
He referred to the charge that this subject was to j
be connected with the Presidential election, but he ,
hoped that no such apprehension would prevent us :
from taking the course dictated by humanity. If '
there was any individual on this floor so base as to
be huckstering for office by the course he took on
this subject, the intelligence of the people would
detect and defeat him. The question was above
party considerations; and he hoped that party views
would not be permitted to defeat just legislation.
He was willing to aid the people of Yucatan
until they were delivered from the danger in which
they are plunged. He saw no reason why Mex-
ico should take offence at our interference, jrorn
humane motives, in the behalf of Yucatan. Every
Texan would be in favor of the movement. He
stated that our Government had, in her treaty with
Mr. FOOTE callcd the attention of the Senateji Texas in 1832, stipulated to defend her against the ;
a report which appeared in the Baltimore Sun,"i| incursions of the Indians; yet, in the teeth of this ,
to the effect that the Senator from South Carolina |j treaty, either by the connivance of tRis Govern-
had stated that he did not think it necessary to ,i ment, or by the treachery of her agents, this treaty
correct a statement made by the Senator from Mis- jj had been violated.
sissippi; which report he asserted to be incorrect, j' *
Mr. CALHOUN said he had used a general j
expression, that he was not in the habit of cor- ;j
recting misstatements, unless under particular cir- j
cumstances.
Mr. HOUSTON then gave his reasons for the j
vote which he proposed to give for the bill. He
thought the geographical position in which we
stood in relation to Yucatan must prevent us from
viewing her situation with indifference. The pos-
session of that country was intimately connected
with the navigation of the Gulf. And although
We are at present amicably situated as regards for-
eign nations, that affords no reason why we should
not adopt a careful policy. He referred to a cor-
respondence between the United States Secretary
of State and M. Jalayar and M. Obregon, on the
subject of a supposed intention to make an attack
on "Cuba, and also to a letter addressed to Mr.
Middleton, in Russia, suggesting in what contin-
gency the United States would feel bound to inter-
pose in the servile war in Porto Rico, &c., in order,
from the course of pohcy indicated in that corre-
spondence, to argue that wenre bound, in carrying
If we do not interfere to rescue Yucatan, we
shall be forever estopped from taking offence against
any other Power which may at a future time lend
her aid. He hoped we should not be laggard on
this occasion, and turn a deaf ear to those who had
applied to us as their first friend, and thus make
her alien to us. He desired to know what distinc-
tion should be made between a people dying from
famine and a people falling under the knife of the
assassin. He admitted the case to be novel and
without precedent, and he hoped no similar case
would ever again occur; but, because it was novel,
he hoped we should*notbe induced to stand aloof.
Always an advocate of peace and indisposed to
any entangling alliances—believing that in times of
tranquillity commerce flourished and industry pros-
pered—still he knew, that as peace was not the
natural element of man, contests between nations
will continue, and we must not dream that we shall
be able to keep ourselves in a state of peace at all
times. As to the war with Mexico, he had no
speech to make over on that question. But*no one
could deny that annexation was the cause of the
war with AFexico. The war ^rew out of the joint
out the same views, to interpose for the defence of j! resolution of the two Houses of Congress for the
Yucatan against the hostile Indians. He con-jl annexation of Texas. Mexico had recognized the
tended that the similarity between our institutions !j independence of Texas, when that joint resolution
and those of Yucatan rendered it still more incum- j| was adopted, on the sole condition that Texas
bent on us to interfere. If wc do not,.and Eng- il would not annex herself to the United States
land or any other Power should stretch out a
friendly hand for her relief, he did not see on what;
ground we could act, in such case, on the declara-
Texas rejected that treaty for the purpose of an-
nexing herself to the United States. The United
tion of Mr. Monroe, and icsist the movement as i
an improper interference with the American conti-
nent. Humanity ought to operate upon us, in all
cases in which we could act without prejudice to
our own interests; and in all cases, the appeals of
humanity should be received with all proper con-
sideration.
He did not apprehend any interposition on the
part of England, occupied as she must now be
with her own internal difficulties. He did not
believe that she would raise her voice against our
interference for the relief of Yucatan, to give the
assistance which that country needs and asks.
He glanced at the language of the President in his
message, in which he indicated a strong disposi-
tion to aid Yucatan, but that he had nbt the power.
He had recommended to Congress to give assist-
ance to Yucatan; not for the purpose of acquiring
her territory, but to relieve her from the attacks of
her internal foes, and then to seek for recompense
in such commercial arrangements as might after-
wards be made between them. The weakness of
the white n ce in Yucatan—a feeble, fearful, help-
less minority, hunted down by savages, no age
nor sex spared from the butchery of the savages—
rendered the appeal to our humanity much stronger
than if the Yucatanese had been strong, and able
to make head against their eneaiies.
He would not, because the savages were a ma-
jority, and, as had been asserted, had an equality
of rights with the white race, let it be supposed
that we regarded them as having a right to assassi-
nate the peaceful and helpless .citizens. He was
opposed to our standing aloof, and folding our
arms, until other nations should be prevailed on to
give their aid. Give our citizens an opportunity,
States knew when she took Texas that she must j
take also the wars in which Texas was engaged at ;
the time of the annexation. ;
He denied that there had ever been a Congress j
in Mexico. Iturbide had kicked out the Congress. '
Santa Anna had done the same. It was nothing
but a nominal power, which was employed or de-
stroyed at the will of the ruling despot. t
As to the Mexican war, we had not commenced
it; we had adopted it when we adopted Texas.
He denied that Texas had ever any other bound-
; ary but the Rio Grande. The Nueces was never
the boundary.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, asked who had
occupied the valley of the Nueces ?
Mr. HOUSTON replied, thatpart was occupied
by the cavalry of Texas, and the other part by
!1 predatory bands of Mexicans and Indians. He
insisted that Texas would never have consented to
annexation, but for the sake of being protected
against Mexican hostilities. Mexico was con-
stantly menacing her with an attack—the reports
of preparations came with every breeze—and it
was merely to obtain relief fiom these dangers
that she consented to annex heiself to the United
! States.
;; Mr. NILES said he presumed that it was desira-
ji ble to take a vote as early as possible. It was
j! now getting late, and he had as yet had no oppor-
j, tunity to examine the papers before the Senate,
;; which had just been laid on the table.
! Mr. GREENE said there was Executive business
jl to be transacted, and he thought it might be better
j! to postpone the consideration of the bill until to-
il morrow.
I! Mr. HANNEGAN hoped that this motion
11 would not prevail. Some other Senator might be
that the bill would not be pressed through with
! such haste. If he understood the papers, this
I subject had been before the Executive for six
; months. He had not had an opportunity to look
; at the documents just Said on the table.
! Mr. HANNEGAN said it was very important
that we should act at once, not merely for the pur-
; pose of relieving the Yucatanese, but mainly be-
; caftse it is a question whether we shall take hold
; of Yucatan, or that England shall do so. England
( is ready to put her foot there if we do not. If we
; move first, she will go no further.
; Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, said he desired
. information which was not contained in the docu-
! ments on the table.
'< Mr. HANNEGAN suggested that there had
. been sufficient time for Senators to call for any in-
formation they might desire.
Mr. JOHNSON repiied, that he had always
thought that the President of the United States
> would not recommend a measure to the Senate,
;j without transmitting the information on which he
; j had founded his recommendation; butasitappeared
!| that the information which had induced him to act
:j ha3 not been sent to the Senate, he would now
j | propose to call for this very information.
!; Mr. CALHOUN made some remarks under the
;! gallery, which could not be heard with any distinct-
|! ness. He was understood to say, that the Presi-
j! dent had now in his hands, under his own construc-
ij tion, sufficient power to enable him to furnish all
necessary aid to Yucatan. He had the navy at his
i: disposal; and as Yucatan was regarded as a por-
!| tion of Mexico, he could use it in this case. It
ij would be long before an army could go there to
II give relief—not before its aid would cease to be of
jl any use.
i; A discursive colloquial discussion went on for
sometime, having little relation to the bill, in which
! Messrs, JOHNSON of Maryland, HOUSTON,
il HANNEGAN, DAVIS of "Mississippi, CAL-
II HOUN, CRITTENDEN, WESTCOTT, CASS,
jj and FOOTE, took part; when a motion was made
;; to adjourn, but was withdrawn; and
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, submitted the
following resolution, which was considered and
I, agreed to:
: 'Rcsrtvd, That the PreMdrnt lie requested to commimi-
; cate to the Senate ail the information irt his possession in
relation to the condition of Yucatan, and which he had be-
, fore him when his recent message relative to that country
was s^ent to Conaies>, and a!.-o any information which he
may since lui\e obtained as to its present condition.
The Senate then adjourned.
and it would soon be seen that & sufficient number j; prepared to go on; and he honed the question
would volunteer in spite of ail the dangers of the
enterprise, to rescue the suffering citizens of Yu- i
catan, i
would be taken on the bill in the course of to-mor-
row.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, expressed a hope
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Jtfay 9, 1848.
Mr. BURT rose', as soon as the Journal had
been read, and said ho believed the motion of the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Hall,] to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution pro-
viding for the payment of the regiment of Texas
mounted troops called into the seivice of the Uni-
ted States under the requisition of Colonel Curtis,
in the year 1847, had this morning precedence of
other business. When it was last before the
House, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton]
moved an adjournment, and therefore, if that gen-
man desired to address any remarks to the'House,
he presumed that gentleman would be entitled to
the floor.
Mr. VINTON said it was not his intention to
make any remarks.
Mr. BURT said he did not rise to protract the
' discussion on that resolution, but to express his
' concurrence (he having reported the lcsolution) in
: the motion of the gentleman from Missouri, with
the view to offer an amendment, which he appre-
hended would meet the views of the House, so far
as he was able to judge by those elicited in the
previous debate on this subject. He trusted the
question on the motion to reconsider would be put
and agreed to by the House.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
1 he question recurring on the adoption of the
resolution—
Mr. BURT moved the following amendment in
the form of a proviso:
" Provided, That nothing in the act approved March 2,
1847, entitled 'An act to amend an act to provide for the
payment of hoi-e- and other property lost and destroyed m
tho military service of the United States,' approved January
18, lt-37, shall be construed to revive the proviso to the soe-
ondsection of the act approved June 15, 1840, entitled 'An
act making an appropriation for payment of horses lost
by the Missouri volunteers in tb* war.'"
