1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
739
On this amendment he desired to say a few
words. In 1337 a general law was passed for the
payment of horses lost under certain circumstances
m the service of the United States. That Jaw was
confined in its application to twelve months. It
was then revived for two years, and it has been
continued by renewals to the present time* The
act of 1837 is therefore now in force. _ • But in 1844
a proviso was made to the act renewing the act of
1837, by which it was provided that the act of
1837 was not to apply to horses lost in any subse-
quent war. The act of 1837 was renewed for the
last time ia 1847; and the auditor whose duty it
was to fix the construction of such acts, determined
that the proviso of the act of 1844, which says that
the act of 1837 shall not apply to horses lost in any
subsequent war, was renewed by the act of 1847.
A review of all those acts left on his-mind the im-
pression that the decision of the Thiid Auditor was
very probably incorrect; but, inasmuch as he has
decided, and as his decision has-been approved by
the competentaulhority, it becomes nccessary that
die construction of the act of 1837 should be fixed
as he proposed to fix it by the amendment which
he had now submitted, by which the general pro-
visions of the act of 1837 would be renewed. The
gentleman from Ohio {Mr. Giddinos] the other
day objected to this resolution for the payment of
these Texas volunteers because the sums paid un-
der acts of Congress for the use aud risk of the
horses were not to be deducted by the terms of the
resolution from the price of the horses, when horses
might be lost under circumstances which required
the Government to pay for them. Now, he would
say to that gentleman and to the House, that he
knew of no instance under the act of 1837—and he
was informed by the Third Auditor that there had
been no such instance whatever—of any deduction
being made from the daily allowance for the use
and risk of the horses, of the value of the horse
when it should have been subsequently lost in the
service of the United States. There had been no
such instance whatever, and therefore there was
no such provision in this resolution. The forty
cents per day, or the twelve dollars per month,
were for the use and risk of the horses; and if the
horses were subsequently lost, and the Govern-
ment was called upon to pay the price at which
they were appraised when they were carried into
the service of the United States, in no instance, he
was informed by the Third Auditor, had tlieie
been any deduction made from such compensation
f$r their use and risk. lie submitted, therefore,
to the House, that as there could be no valid ob-
jection to the proviso which he had submitted,
with the adoption of that the joint resolution should
be adopted. The proviso being adopted, provision
would be made not only for the payment of the
Texas volunteers, but for all horses lost under cir-
cumstances which obliged the Government to pay
for them, or made it just and expedient that the
Government should pay for them.
Mr. GIDD1NGS was still opposed to the reso-
lution. If a person had a horse in the public
service for two or three hundied days, at the rates
which the Government paid for use and risk, the
owner would get the double value of the horse. He
couid not, therefore, approve of the payment of
the full value afterwards, in case the horse should
be lost.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, wished to set the
gentleman from Ohio right, for without some cor-
rection the House might be misled. The forty
cents per day for the use and risk of the horses
was given by the Government for the use and risk
and the loss to winch the horses might be exposed
by the act of the owneis or of the enemy, and had
never been understood to be extended to risk and
loss by the act of the Government of the United
States. He would suppose a case. Suppose a
man with his hoise entered into the public service
and should march one day, and at its close the
horse should be taken sick and die: the volunteer
would receive his forty cents for' that day for u6e
and risk, but nothing for the loss of the horse.
He mentioned this as an illustration, and there
were many other cases that could readily be
imagined which would place the owner in a pre-
cisely similar position. He wished the House dis-
tinctly to understand, that when a horse was lost
by thy act of the volunteer or of the enemy, unless
it wets actually killed in battle, the Government
did not pay for it.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee, proposed to amend I
the amendment^ by adding at the end thereof the
following words:
"Provided, also, That all horses belonging to volunteers,
which were lost in the Gulf of Mexico, since the 13th May,
1846, by being thrown overboard or otherwise, shall be paid
for in the same manner as is provided tor the payment of
other iost hor es in this act."
The acts which the gentleman from South Car-
olina wished to revive would not meet the cases
contemplated by this amendment, and therefore he
thought it was necessary it should be adopted.
The laws proposed to be revived were specific:
they specified how the horses were to be lost to
entitle the owner to payment. But for a horse
thrown overboard in the Gulf theie was no pro-
vision. If horses were lost for want of forage, or
were abandoned or shot by order of the command-
ing officer, the Government would compensate the
owner, and his amendment was designed to meet
cases which were not provided for in any of those
acts which were passecl prior to the Mexican war.
Mr. BURT assured the gentleman from Ten-
nessee that he was mistaken. The act of 1837,
and a subsequent act passed in 1838 or 1839—an :
act on which he could not put his finger at this
moment—provided for the payment of horses lost
under the circumstances indicated by the gentleman
from Tennessee, and for all horses lost by any un-
avoidable accident without the fault of the owner.
The point made by the gentleman from Tennessee
occurred to the committee on Military Affairs, and
was well considered by that committee; the com-
mittee referred to the acts heretofore passed, and :
the result of their examination was a conviction j
that the act of 1837, and the successive acts renew- I
ing that act, provided for the payment of horses j
lost under every possible circumstance which any
member of this House would deem expedient and
proper. There was no instance of an accident or
a casualty connected with the service, under which
the horse of a volunteer was lost, that it was not
paid for by this Government. It always had been
the case. When a horse was shot in battle, or died
for want of provender, or was abandoned by a
commanding officer, or was otherwise lost by un-
avoidable accident, it was always paid for. The
Committee on Military Affairs was satisfied that
the existing laws, with this proposition now pend-
ing, would furnish authority to meet every circum-
stance under which it would be just and proper
that the Government should pay for lost horses.
Heassured thegentlemanfromTennessee the cases
were provided for that were contemplated by his
amendment.
Mr. JONES said the gentleman from South
Carolina was correct in saying that Congress had
passed laws providing payment for all horses lost
by unavoidable circumstances or accidents, and
without the fault of the owners; but if that gentie-
man had as much experience at the Third Audit-
or's office as he (Mr. J.) had, he would find, per-
haps, that constructions were given to laws that
were not strictly in accordance with his own con-
structions. The law was clear, that if a horse
should die for the want of forage, 11 should be paid
for by the Government, by whose act the loss was
occasioned. But some tkne since he was intrusted
with a case in which payment was claimed for a
horse. The proofs were clear, and the muster-roil
showed that the volunteer with his hor.se had been in
the service 103 or 104 days, and that during that
time the Government had furnished but about thirty
rations, leaving upwards of seventy not furnished
—and that, he thought, was sufficient to starve any
horse to death. Well, when the volunteer was
discharged, he wa3 paid 12^ cents for each ration
which the Government had not furnished; and
when payment for the lost horse was applied for,
the position was taken, that as the Government
had paid for the rations, the horse did not die for
want of them, and that the Government was not
liable. Thus, the owner got some $10 or $12 for ra-
tions for a dead horse that was valued at $140 when !
he went into the service. He had not examined all i
the acts which the gentleman proposed to revive; •
but of those he had seen he saw none that provided i
with sufficient clearness for the cases contemplated ;
in his amendment. What were those cases? In 1
1847, when troops were ordered from Tampico, a 1
portion of the mounted volunteeis were sent by j
one vessel, and- their horses were shipped in an-
other across the Gulf to Vera Cruz. During the j
passage a storm arose, and many hoises were
thrown overboard to save the vessel. Other vessels, I
freighted with horses of the same regiment, were
landed in safety, and the horses were restored to the
owners, who served out their time with them; and,
when they came to be discharged, their horses
were turned over to the Government, and the
Government paid for them. But the owners of
those which were thrown overboard not only lost
the value of the horses, but they had to submit to
a reduction of pay also, for their pay was reduced
from that of mounted men to that of the foot.
Now, not to pay for horses thus lost was manifest
injustice, when the others were paid for which be-
longed to volunteers, at the end of their term of
service. Those horses were certainly lost without
any fault of their owners, and under circumstances
which they could not control. It was possible
that they might be brought within that provision
which met cases of unavoidable accident; but, as
he could not say what construction would be put
upon it by the Third Auditor, he proposed a very
plain, simple, and comprehensive amendment, by
which those men would obtain payment for their
property.
Mr. GIDDINGS was understood to say, that as
the amendment placed the payment for horses lost
on the same footing as was done by the law of
1844, he should not make any opposition t<nt.
Mr. BURT explained, and insisted that the act
of 1842, after specifying under what circumstances
lost horses should be paid for, went on to say that
horses lost by unavoidable accident should be in-
cluded, and this would cover the case stated by the
gentleman from Tennessee. The class to which
|| the gentleman's statement and his amendment re-
ft ferred was a class which had always been paid for
{j under that act. However, if there couid be any
;i doubt on the subject, it might be well enough to
'! adopt the amendment; it could at any rate do no
I harm.
'i The question being put on the amendment pro-
: posed by Mr. Jones, it was adopted, and the
! amendment as thus amended was agreed to.
And the question being then on ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time—
Mr. HAMMONS inquired of the gentleman
from Texas [Mr. Kaufman] how long these troops
had been in service?
Mr. KAUFMAN. They were in service dif-
ferent periods. They arrived at San Antonio at
different times between April 4 and May 14,1847,
and were mustered in as they arrived at that place
of rendezvous. All but two companies were mus-
tered out of service on the 2d, 4th, and 5th of
June, 1847. These two companies, commanded
by Captains B. F. Hill and T. J. Smith, refused to
be mustered out of service.
Mr. BURT stated that these Texas volunteers
had been called into service by Colonel Curtis just
before the battle of Buena Vista, at a time when it
was known that Santa Anna was approaching
Saltillo, while at the same time another Mexican
J army was moving toward the Rio Grande. Under
! the requisition of the Executive of Texas, they
marched early in March, and were ordeied to ren-
dezvous at San Antonio. They came to that point
from all quarters of the State, and they arrived
theie about the middle of March, and continued
to arrive till the early part of May. They marched
from San Antonio to relieve General Taylor; but
in the meanwhile the great battle of Buena Vista
had been fought, and they were met on their way
by order from General Taylor to return to San
Antonio, and there be mustered out of the service;
which was done about the fust of June.
Air. HAMMONS said he must confess that he
could not see any good reason why these troops
should receive any bounty land. "The bill pro-
vided that they should receive full wages as troops
of the United States: that their expenses should"
be paid; that their lost horses should he paid for;
and then, in addition to all this, that they should
be entitled to bounty land beside, although they
had served but from fifteen to forty-five days.
Mr. BURT again rose to explain. Bounty land
was not necessauly granted to these troops by the
resolution. The resolution provided that they
should receive all the bounty land to which they
would have been entitled had they been mustered
into the service of the United States by a compe-
tent authority; it did not decide whether they
would have been entitled to any land or not; u did
no more than place them where they would have
stood if the requsition had been made by legal au-
thority.
