742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
Captain Howe determined to perfect the company
organizations (which had been delayed) and send I
them forward at the earliest day for Camargo.
About this time an order was received from ihe
Governor, through the Adjutant General, directing
that the companies then at San Antonio, for greater
efficiency, should organize themselves into a regi-
ment previous to their march for the army. Cap-
tain Howe had also issued a similar order about
the same time, which was carried into effect about
the first of May by the election of John C. Hays
colonel, C. A. Harper lieutenant colonel, and
William H. Borland major; and by the 12th day
of May the regiment, consisting of ten companies,
was fully organized and mustered into service, and
on the 13th or 14th took up the line of march.
Themarch wascontinued to nearthe Rio Grande,
a distance of about one hundred and sixty miles
from San Antonib. The advance reached the
river at Laredo. At this point they received from
the hands of Major Smith (then on'his return with
the frontier companies) a copy of an oider from
General Taylor, which was awaiting them at Ca-
margo, directing that all troops arriving there, un-
der the call' of Colonel Curtis, should be supplied
with subsistence and forage, and sent back to be
disbanded. A consultation was called, and from [
the fact that the horses were already nearly broken .
down, having been entirely without forage and al- j
most without grass for the entire march, and pro- !
visions also being nearly exhausted, it was deter- !
mined that, as a regiment, a countermarch should i
be ordered for San Antonio, but, at the same time,
that leave should be given to any of the companies
or individuals to go on to Camargo or to General
Taylor's headquarters, if they elected so to do.
Under this determination, nine of the companies
(as such) together with a portion of the tenth,
with the field and staff officers, returned to San An-
tonio, where they were mustered out of service or
disbanded. Captain Hill, with the larger portion
of his original company, together with individuals
from all the other companies of the regiment, ma-
iling, in all, about one hundred men, went on and
reported to General Taylor, who issued bun sup-
plies, and a/forded him some encouragement that
his company could be received as twelve-months'
men on a former call. Yet, from some cause," they
were not received, but disbanded by Captain Hill
some time in June, netfr Monterey, from whence
they made their way back to San Antonio and
thence to their homes.
This regiment, it was generally conceded at the
time, was the best armed and best mounted corps
of troops, with perhaps one exception, that ever
went out from the State. It was composed, to a
great extent, of the gallant men and officers who
had served the preceding summer in the regiments
of Colonels Hays, Wood, Young, and Johnson.
The names of the captains of the ten companies are,
Captains B. F. Hill, J. Gillespie, T. W. Clarke,
James Smith, David Muckleroy, J. S. Gillett, J.
Long, S. W. Sims, T. J. Smith,and W. G. Crump.
Captain M. K. Snell commanded a detachment.
For many of the above facts (Mr. K. stated)
he was indebted to Colonel Harper, the gallant and
intelligent lieutenant colonel of this regiment, who
has been sent on to this city by many of those in-
terested, to render his assistance in procuring for
these men a recognition by Congress of their
rights.
Such, said Mr. K., are the circumstances attend-
ing the call upon the people of Texas. If they had
not promptly responded to Colonel Curtis, to Cap-
tain Howe, to the State of Texas, to our exposed
army, and to the country, they would have been
recreant to every principle of honor and of patriot-
ism. They did respond, and he most earnestly
hoped that the decision of this Congress, in le^ard
to their claims, would not be such as to dampen
those noble and lofty impulses which are at once
the pride, the characteristic, and the strength of a
free people.
Mr. K. sriid that these men were the real friends
of General Taylor and his little army. They
had gone to his relief when danger threatened,
and when he had nothing to bestow. And not- ;
withstanding many gentlemen on the other side j
of this House now professed to be General Tay- !
lor's friends, yet Mr. K. expressed his regret that j
when this measure of relief for those who proved
their friendship by their acts was under consider-
ation, instead of receiving a warm and cordial sup-
port from these gentlemen, he had heard but il a
still, small voice" from them in favor of the bounty
asked forthe men, whose claims should be more
fulhi vindicated by this bill than it now is.
Mr. IC. said that when he had risen and made
the motion to recommit, he had intended to insist
upon it; but it being suggested that a recommittal
might delay if not defeat the bill at this advanced
stage of the session, and lelying upon .the Senate
to make the provision for bounty which he so ar-
dently desired, he reluctantly declined to press the
motion he had made; and, in order to have the bill
finally disposed of to-day in this House, he called
for the previous question. It was sustained, and,
under its operation, the bill was finally passed and
sent to the Senate.
The following is the form of the joint resolution
as it passed the House:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States of Jlmerira in Congress assembled, That the
Secretary of War be. and he is heieby, authorized and re-
quired to came to be paid out of any unexpended appropria-
tions for the prosecution of the war between the United
States of America and the Republic of Mexico, the regiment
of Texas mounted troops, which was mustered into the ser-
vice of the United States for six months, under the requisi-
tion of Colonel Curtis, in the year eighteen hundred and
fbifv-s>ev#-n, and disehnrgf d before joinincthe army, tho pay,
usual allowances, and travelling expenses, from the time the
several companies thereof arrived at San Antonio, the place
of rendezvous, until they were mustered out of sei vice, and
the companies of Captains Smith and Hill, until they re-
fused to be mustered out of seivjce, or wore disbanded bv
their respective captains; and also, that he cause to be paid
to the sard regiment, the fair value of all horses, which he
shall he satisfied were lost by them, for want of forage, du-
ring the periods herein specified. Provided, That nothing
in the act approved March 2,1S47, entitled £-An act to amend
an act to provide for the pavment of horses and other prop-
erty lost and destroyed in the military service of the United
States," approved January 18. 1837. shall be cons-trued to
j revive the proviso to the second section of the act approved
j June 15,1840, entitled "An act making an appropriation for
j the payment of horses lost by the Missouri volunteers in the
: Florida war."
j ADMISSION OF WISCONSIN.
I On the motion of Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, the
House resolved itself into Committee'of the Whole
: on the state of the Union, (Mr. Cobb, of Georgia,
; in the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration
; of the special order,'being the bill for the admis-
sion of the State of Wisconsin into the Union.
The bill having been rpad through, was taken
up by sections for amendment. The first section
is in the following words:
Be it enacted bit the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United Slates of America in Congress assembled. That the
Stare of Wisconsin he, and js hereby, admitted to be one of
the United States of America, and is hereby admitted into
the Union on an ennal footing with the original States, in
all respects whatever.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, moved to amend it by
adding at the end thereof the following:
With the boundanes prescribed by the aet of Congress
approved August 6,1848, entitled "An act to enable thfTpeo-
ple of Wisconsin Teiritory to foim a Constitution and State
I Government, and for the admission ot such State into the
j Union."
| He said the Committee on Territories, in report-
j ing this bill, had conformed to the boundary fixed
j by the act of Congress of August 6, 1846, making
I the St. Croix river to he the starting point, to
I which the convention of Wisconsin had given its
assent, though preferring another some fifteen or
J twenty miles further east.
An explanatory conversation ensued between
i Mr. SMITH and Mr. THOMPSON of Missis-
: sippi, in relation to the conformity of the proposed
line with that fixed by the constitution of Wiscon-
sin, which Mr. SMITH affirmed.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, then moved to amend
! by striking out all after the word ""with," in the
first line of the amendment, and inserting the fol-
lowing as the boundary of the State:
; Beginning at the northeast corner of the State of Tllmois,
that is ti sav, at a point in the centre of Lake Michigan,
where the line of forty-two degrees and thirty minutes of
Ttorch latitude cros&es the &anie; thenee rniinm'.- with the
| boundary line of Michigan, through f.ake Mii-hiann and
| G:een Bay, to the month of Menominee river; thenee up the
I channel or said river to the Brul« river; thence up said la*t
mentioned river to Lake Brule; thenee along Ihe southern
shore ot Lake Brute, in a direct'line, to the centre of the
channel between Middle and South Islands in the Lake of
the Desert; thenee, in a direct line, to Trout Lake; thenee,
m a direct line southwestcily, to the highest peak of Moun-
tain Island, which, according to Nicollet's map, is about
where the forty-fourth degree of latitude crones the Missis-
sippi; thenoe down the main channel of «aid river to the
noi thwest corner of the State of Illinois; thence due east
with the northern boundaiv of the State of Illinois, to the
place of beginning, as established by an act to enable the
people of Illinois Territory to form a constitution and State
ao\eminent, and for the admission of such State into the
Union on an equal footing with the original Stales, approved
April ioj jolo.
Mr. BOWLIN said the boundary proposed by
the gentleman fiom Illinois was neither the bound-
ary fixed by the constitution of Wisconsin, nor
that fixed by act of Congress, nor yet that recom-
mended by the convention of Wisconsin; and he
could see no reason for such a reduction in the size
of the new State. It was not disproportioned with
other States of this Union ns Congress had agreed
to bound it. It differed but little from New York
or Pennsylvania, and was much smaller than Mis-
souri. There was nothing, then, that he could see
to recommend the line of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, which, if adopted, would establish an unnat-
ural boundary, and for some time keep the State of
Wisconsin out of the Union. He proceeded to
point out the different propositions for the division
of the Territory of Wisconsin, cited the act of Con-
gress authorizing the adoption of certain bounda-
ries, reminded the House that Wisconsin, in pur-
suance of the assurance which Congress had given,
had proceeded to elect her State officers; and he
hoped, therefore, that she would not be repulsed
by the adoption of this amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, defended his proposi-
tion to amend, on the ground lhat it was a conveni-
ent line,and would avoid the objection to the others
that they brought people into the new State who
had no interests in common with those who live
in the State as he defined it. Prom St. Croix \o
Madison, the capital of the State, was a distance
of five hundred miles, which the inhabitants of the
valley of the St.-Croix would have to travel to get
to the seat of their Government. To compel them
to endure these hardships would be gross injustice,
to which they should not be subjected.
Mr. TUCK could readily perceive that this was
an important matter to the people living on the St-
Croix river, and therefore the House should pause
before it committed an act that might injuriously
affect those people for several generations. He
examined the propositions presented to the com-
mittee, and expressed his preference for that of the
gentleman from Illinois. If this amendment were
adopted, the Convention of Wisconsin could con-
form to it in a few weeks, and no great inconveni-
ence would be sustained by them until the new line
was ratified.
Mr. TWEEDY expressed great surprise that
such an amendment should have been offered. He
contended that this House had no right to enter-
tain and discuss such an amendment, and that is
was insulting to the dignity of Wisconsin. He
recapitulated the terms of the ordinance of 1787
and the act for the division of the Indian territory,,
defining the boundaries of the fifth State to be formed
therefrom, ancf complained that an. attempt should
be made to vary from well-established positions.
If the territorial limits were now to be changed, ic
must be done by a common agreement between
Wisconsin and the United States, and not by
an act of Congress alone. Two years ago, the
Congress of the United States passed an act pro-
posing a line for the boundary of the State, to
which she acceded. The compact was complete,
And now, having complied with those terms, she
was ready to come into the Union. She had a pop-
ulation more than three times the requisite number,
and she had not anticipated, at this time> any fur-
ther obstacle. He did not think it became him
now to go into the discussion of this amendment.
It was useless to discuss what could not be dis-
turbed. He proceeded, somewhat in detail, to
reply to observations of gentlemen who had pre-
ceded him, and more particularly contended, that
irrespective of the objections to which he had
alluded, the division proposed by the gentleman
from Illinois was unequal, unjust, and would be
unacceptable to the people of Wisconsin.
Mr. VINTON said, when the law of 1846 was
introduced into the House, he had taken some in-
terest in the bill, and he had at that time been of
opinion that the boundary line ought to run nearly
where it was now proposed by the gentleman from
Illmois, [Mr. Smith;] but Congress fixed upon a
different boundary, running along the St. Croix
river. This had heen submitted to the convention
of the people of Wisconsin, who had assented to
it, and he held that in good laith Congress was
still bound by that act. His own personal impres-
sion had been, and still was, that a line further
south would have been preferable, but he thought
we couid not now alter what we had proposed
without a violation of the public faith. The peo-
ple of Wisconsin, though, according to their own
