744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
two portions, retaining one within the limits of Wisconsin,
and transferring the other to the new territory of Minesota.
This line would be, in all respects, an unnatural and mcon-
venientone severing those whom association has jorned to-
gether establishing different jurisdictions on the opposite
sides o'f the same stream, and opening the door to conflicting
legislation and clashing intei ests. Of the three lines proposed,
Hun would be the most obnoxious to the people of the St.
Croix valley.
" Nor would the plan of carrying the boundary line fifty or
sixty miles northwest of the St. Croix to ihe mouth of Bum
river, be much more acceptable. It would indeed keep the
settlements of the St, Croix together, but it would attach
them to a government from which, by reason of the distance
which intervenes between the settlements and the capital,
they could derive hut little advantage. The principal set-
tlements on the St. Oroix are near 250 miles above Prairie
du Chien, and some 400 from Madison, the seat of Govern-
ment in Wisconsin, to say nothing of the stiil greater incon-
venience to the people living on the south shore oi Lake
Superior. In the spring, summer, and fall, access is obtain-
ed to the settlements on the Sf. Croix by the Mississippi;
thi*, in the low stag? of water, the navigation is greatly ob-
structed, and the transportation of pas ei;g^is anil goods is
rendered difficult, tedious, and expensuv. During the win-
ter >eason, say for more than four months in the^year, this
avenue is closed, and the inhabitants of the valiey of the St.
Croix are in a good measure cut ofFfrom all communication
with their fellow-citizens in the southern and tluckh -settled
portions of Wisconsin. There is no road on either side of the
Mississippi, leading to the St. Croix couutiy; and there is no
probability of one being made for vonie time to come. The
country intervening between the St Croix and Black rivers,
a distance of one hundred and forty miles, is of a forbidding
character. Except in the immediate valleys of the stieams,
there is but little good Sand; while pine barrens, tamarac
swampsj and innumerable marshes and lakes, cover the
face of the country, and render the prospect of settlement
remote and doubtful. This broad belt of waste land consti-
tutes abarrier almost impassable between the settlements
on the St. Croix and the n< arest ones jn Crawford county.
Is not the simple statement of this fact sufficient to show the
impropriety, not to say injustice, of attaching the St. Cioix
country to Wisconsin? Is it reasonable to ask the inhabit-
ants o f that remote region to come under the rule of a govern-
ment from which they are to distant that they can take but
little interest in its concerns, and derive but little benefit
from us protection ? In further illustration of this point, the
undersigned respectfully refers to the report herewith {sub-
mitted, of a select committee of the constitutional conven-
tion on the subject of boundaries
" It lemains to speak of the third line, which is the one
proposed by the late convention. The principle which led
to the adoption of this line, viz: the desire to consult the
wishes and convenience of the people along the St. Croix
valley, meets* with the heaitv concurrence of the undets.'gn-
ed. But in conformity to the view*, or"those whom he rep-
resents, he would respectfully propose to bring the bne still
further to the eastward, by which, while no additional set-
tlement? or population ofgieat amount would be cut offfiom
Wisconsin, a mote convenient line would be adopted for
the division of om territory info two States, [still leaving
47,000 square miles to the new State of Wisconsin, exceed-
ing even the State of New Yoik } A very strong, and. a* it
seems to the undersigned, a conclusive argument in favor of
the proposed change, is to he found m the fact that its adop-
tion would leave population and territory enough on the
north and west of Wisconsin to form, in a very few years,
another State; while if the hoc of Rum river, as proposed
by the majority of the committee, or of the St. Croix river, as
f re«eribed in the act of Congress, should be agreed upon, a
ong period must elapse before the settlements would be suffi-
ciently numerous to warrant the establishment of another
State on our northwestern border."
Mr. S. contended that this report showed clearly
the injustice uf fixing the northern line, or even
the line of the River St. Croix*, and he called upon
the committee to protect the rights and interests of
a small minority, from being trampled upon by an
overgrown majority. To the honorable gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. McLasx,] who advocated
the northern line, and who spoke of*the interest and
influence of capitalists at the falls of St. Croix, and
that a more southern line might be better for these
gentlemen, he would say—(to all those who had
served with him in the 28th and 29th Congresses
he need not say)—that in all cases where the in-
terests of the masses were to be subserved, he
had always been found aiding, to the extent of his
ability, in protecting and advancing their inter-
ests; his sympathies were with these men, and
not wi:h the capitalist or the speculator. He
had also, in too many instances, shown his devo-
tion to the interests of Wisconsin for any one to
doubt his friendly feeling towards that State. His
present couise was dictated by what he deemed to
be just to all parties interested. When the bills
were unuer consideration for the admission of
Florida and Iowa, lie had proposed an amendment
ceding th" lan 1m to chose States, as soon as they
had pMd intu treasury a sum equal to the cost
uf'srtid land*? to the Government, and the expenses
of surveying and selling the same; and he would
chee-fu!ly offjr a similar amendment to the bill
admitting Wisconsin, if there was any prospect
that it woi'su pass,
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, opposed the
amendment, and advocated the middle line, to
which the convention had given its consent.
He went into a history of the Virginia grant of
the Northwestern Territory, and her first restriction
as to the size of the States to be created out of it.
This she had abandoned at the request of Con-
gress, and had .agreed to new conditions—one of
which was, that the territory should not be divided
into less than three nor more than five States. And
before we could divide Wisconsin at all, he con-
tended that we must have the consent of Virginia,
as to make six States out of this territory would
be a violation of our compact with her. Whether
that compact had been superseded by the adoption
of the Constitution, was a question still open; it
had never yet received an official adjudication.
He was unwilling to cross the wishes of the
people of the Territory, and was prepared to re-
ceive her entire at any time. The people of Wis-
consin were well qualified to judge as to what would
best promote their own good. He considered
Congress as a good deal in the dark on that sub-
ject.
Mr. DICKINSON moved that the committee
rise; which motion prevailing, the committee rose.
And the House adjourned.
'PETITIONS, ETC.
The following memorials and petitions were presented
under the rule, and leferied •
By Mr. THOMPSON,of Mississippi: The memorial of
citizens of Philadelphia, lor the concentration and civiliza-
tion of the Indians.
By Mr. WILSON: The petition of Sally Hart, fora pen-
sion. Also, ot Philip Tabers, for an ears of pension.
By Mr C. J. INGER.^OLL: Eleven memorials from citi-
zens of Philadelphia, tor the establishment of a mail route
fiom l'biladi lphia to New Yoik.
JJy Mr <j. E. STUART: Petitions of citizens of Branch
county, Michigan, that a mail unite be established from
Biouson, in said county, to the township ot Noble, in the
same countv.
By Mi. HOLMES, of New York: The petition of Mrs.
Han let Gay, of Monroe county, New York, praving further
relief for her aged father, Elkana Stevens, ot Chelsea, Ver-
mont, w ho was a soldier of the Revolution, and is now des-
titute and infirm.
By Mr. TWEEDY: The petition of J. J.Brown and sixty-
one others, or Green Bay land distinct, Wisconsin, pra>uig
for a riivition ot tliat oi-tnet.
By Mr. HAMP'iON, ot Pennsylvania: The petition of
EczinTevi*", foi an increase of pension.
B„  Mr. GRINNED./. The petitions of citizens of Boston,
New Bidfoid, and Fairbaven, asking an amendment of the
law of Jul) 2-J, ld4U, so that all applications to con^uis in
a foreign port for the arrest oi vessels on the chaige that
ti>ej aie unscaworthy, shall be made by the fn.-t and second
officers, and a majority ot the crew. Also, that the laws
requtimg vessels to be registeied or enrolled, shall be amend-
ed so that each owners share, or pari of share, be set forth
in the re i.>ter or emollment; and that provision be made
for recording at the custom-house all attachments, transfers,
or mortgages of vessels.
By Mr. HALL, of Missouri: The petition of Isaac Hays
and otners, citizens ot Saline and Lafayette eountie.-, in tne
State of Missouri, praying the establislunentof a post route
iioin Marshall to Lexington, m said S'ate.
By Mr. WENT WORTH : The petition fora mail route
from Blue Island, via Cooper's Grove, Chelsea, Walluigford.
and Bloomsville, toBulbonia.
On motion of Mr. DUNCAN, of Ohio,
Resolved, That the memorial of Mary E. Carney, praying
for a pension, be referred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 9, 1848.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, covering a report from the War
Department, in compliance with a resolution of
25th of April, calling for information relative to
certain transfers to the Indians; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
A message was also received fiom the President
of the United States in reply to a resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Johnson, of Maryland, transmit-
ting the information in his possession concerning
the condition of Yucatan; which was ordered to
be printed.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition from the
Seneca, Onondaga, and Cayuga Indians, asking a
reimbursement of expenses incurred in an ineffect-
ual attempt to emigrate to the territory assigned
them in the southwest, and asking that homes may
be provided for them in the northern portion of
the United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition from cit-
izens of Philadelphia, asking that a territory may
be set apart for a permanent home for the various
tribes of Indians inhabiting the United Staees;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. BORLAND presented a petition from rep-
resentatives of William Armstrong, asking com-
pensation for his services as United States Indian
agent; which was referied to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. HOUSTON presented a petition from citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, in relation to the preserva-
tion of the Indians; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs,' reported a bill for the relief of Michael Han-
son; which was read a first time.
Mr. MOOR, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported a bill to change the place of hold-
ing the circuit and district courts in the district of
New Hampshire; which was read a first time.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, reported a hill for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Thomas J. V. Owen, deceased;
which was read a first time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, asked to be discharged from
the further consideration of House bill for the re-
lief of Francis M. Holton,and that it be referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DAYTON, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported the bill to authorize notaries pub-
lic-to take and certify oaths, and affirmations, and
acknowledgments in certain cases, with an amend-
ment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Calvin Reed,
accompanied by a report, which was ordered to be
printed. The bill was read a first time.
Mr. DIX, on leave, introduced a bill respecting
the pay department of the navy, which was read
a fir3t and second time, and referred.
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion of Mr. YULEE,
Resohed, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the necessity of making further provision for
buoys at Nassau bar. in Florida, and at St. Andrews, St.
Simons, Sapello, Sl.'Cathaimes, Ossioau, and Warsaw, in
Georgia.
Mr. BADGER submitted the following:
Resolved, That the lesolution adopted on the 21st Decem-
ber last, authorizing the Vice President to appoint a super-
intendentof the Senate's antechamber, be and the same is
hereby, rescinded.
On motion of Mr. BORLAND, the bill and
amendment for dividing the State of Arkansas into
two judicial circuits, was recommitted to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, with instructions to report
by bill.
The bill from the House to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to raise, for a limited time, an addi-
tional military force, and for other purposes," was
read a first and second time by its title, and refer-
red to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, moved that the
Senate take up the private bills on the calendar on
Friday next.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, said that he had
hoped the emigrant passengers bill would be taken
up.
Mr. TURNEY objecting to the motion," it lies
over.
On motion of Mr. UPHAM, it was ordered that
two additional members be added to the Commit-
tee on Enrolled Bills; and that they be appointed
by the Chair.
The Chair appointed Mr. Johnson, of Georgia,
arid Mr. Borland.
APPOINTMENTS WITHHELD FROM SENATE.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
JOHNSON, of Maryland, on the 28th ultimo, was
taken up:
Resolved That the President of the United States is re-
quested to inform the Senate whether any officers are now
in the military or civ;l service of ihe United States, under
appointments from the President, which have not been sub-
mitted to the Senate; and if there be any -^uch appointments,
that he state the date of such appointments, and wbv it is
that it ha? not been in the power of the President to submit
them to the consideration of the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON said, that when the Senator
from Ohio moved a reconsideration of the vote on
the adoption of the resolution, he had stated that
he made the motion because he considered the call
unconstitutional; and it did not appear that he was
opposed to the object of the resolution. Retaining
his original opinion, that there was nothing in the
resolution which conflicted with the constitutional
functions of the President, he was still ready to
