746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
opportunity to do this by moving a separate reso-
lution, or embracing" some time when the subject
of the'public printing was before the House*
Mr. HENLEY went on to say that the printing,
if done under the old method by Blair & Rives, or
by Ritchie & Heiss, would have cost the country
three hundred .thousand dollars; and if by Gales
& Seafon, under former prices, would have cost
$360,000; it now cost but $135,000 for this Con-
gress, being a saving of $200,000 from what would
have been "paid to Gales & Seafcon under the old
rates.
The CHAIR again reminded Mr. H. that it
would be out of order for him to proceed in any
further remarks on the subject of the public print-
ing. He had now replied to the remark to which
he referred as having been madfi on a former day
in discussing the resolution he wished to recon-
sider.
Mr. HENLEY said the House had been con-
sidering a resolution which went to take from the
public printers a part of their contract; and it had
then been stated that the public had gained nothing
by letting out the printing on contract. He regret-
ted that the rules of the House had suddenly be-
come so stringent as to prevent him from replying
and vindicating the contractors, by showing that
the mode of performing the work had not deterio-
rated, and that the country had been a great gainer
by the change.
The CHAIR said the gentleman might assert
this-, but not go into an argument on a subject out
of order.
Mr. GREGORY here inquired of Mr. Henley
if he had looked at the contract ?
Mr. HENLEY. Certainly I have, or I should
not have asserted ^vhat I have.
Mr. GREGORY. There is nothing about bind-
ing in the contiact.
Mr. HENLEY. I assert that there is. And if,
as the Chair decides, assertion is to go for argu-
ment, my assertion is as good as his. On what
ground has the gentleman from New Jersey assert-
ed this? I ask, when there is no law on the sub-
ject, but the practice of the Flouse has gone on a
certain principle, and the House has adopted it,
and made rules and regulations which assumed it,
and reports have been made to the House in favor
of it, and the House have adopted those reports,
is not all this equivalent to a law? He held in his
hand a report from a committee made but the other
day on the subject of binding documents, which
proceeded on the principle that binding the docu-
ments was an incident to printing them, and went
with it. When in 1841 the attempt was made here
to separate the binding from the public printing,
the whole subject was referred to a committee,
who, after thoroughly investigating it, made a re-
port to this House. That report I have before me,
but shall not read more than that portion of it
which states the conclusions to which they came.
[Mi. H. here read the third head of the results on
the subject, which declares that, under a usage of
twelve yeais, it had been established that the
" binding: is an incident to the public printing."]
Mr. STARKWEATHER here inquiied when
that report was made?
Mr. HENLEY. It was made in the session of
1840-'41, in February; and from 1841 to the close
of the last session, the doctrine of this report has been
concurred in by the House—that is, fora period now
of nineteen years. Whatmore wasdone? When the
present contractors made their bid for the printing:,
theeommitteeappointed to let out the contract—and
which committee consisted of the President of the
Senate, the Speaker of the House, and the Secre-
tary and Cleik of the two bodies—told them that
whoever was appointed public printer would have
the binding of the documents. They were fur-
nished by Messrs. Dickins and French with an
estimate of the binding; and here it is. [Mr. H.
here quoted the instructions.] This estimate is
contained in the instructions then given to the con-
tiactors; and can any man, with tiiese facts before
him, deny that the binding forms a part of the con-
tract for the printing of Congiess?
It is now proposed to take away from these gen-
tlemen a part of their contract—to take it from
public officers appointed by law. Though I am
no lawyer, 1 believe that this usage, thus estab-
lished and confirmed, I\as become a part of the law
of the land. The instructions say, that, as the
documents are furnished, they shall be deposited
in a room in the Capitol, and, at the close of the
session, shall be taken thence to be bound. How
can this contract be lawfully taken away?
1 hope I shall now be permitted (by general con-
sent, if not otherwise) to say a word as*to the
manner in which the printing has been "fexecuted.
The CHAIR once more reminded Mr. Henley
that the resolution he had moved to reconsider had
reference only to binding. To admit remarks on
the public printing would involve the necessity of
permitting a reply, and might probably draw on a
prolonged debate.
Mr. HENLEY. Then I hope all present will
be willing to hear the facts I am about to state.
Mr. STEPHENS. I object.
Mr. HENLEY. The gentleman from Georgia
objects. Very well; I suppose 1 may be allowed
to make a single assertion.
Mr. MORSE hoped the gentleman from Georgia
would withdraw his objection. The gentleman
from Indiana might have important information to
communicate.
Mr. STEPHENS said he could not withdraw
his objection. The debate on the Wisconsin bill
was to end at two o'clock. The gentleman could
just as well make his statement at another time.
He belonged himself to the Committee on Printing,
whjch committee had the privilege of reporting at
any time, (a prerogative not enjoyed by any of
the standing committees of the House,) ana he
could introduce the subject by resolution; but the
resolution to be reconsidered was confined to bind-
ing the documents.
Mr. HENLEY. When the resolution I want to
have reconsidered yas introduced into the House,
one reason for it was stated to be, that the paper
and printing under the existing contract were alto-
gether inferior to anything before. It is really
very extraordinary that all at once the rules should
have become so exceedingly strict that I cannot
reply to that, though speaking on the same reso-
lution.
The quality of the paper, so far from being in-
ferior, is better, if anything, than formerly. The
paper on which the printing was done for the last
Congress cost ^3 a ream; this costs §3 50. That
was one fact. It was due to the public printers
that he should state another fact. The paper on
which the President's message had been printed
was, confessedly, an inferior article.
Mr. STEPHENS here called Mr. Henley to
order.
The CHAIR ruled him to be out of order.
Mr. HENLEY. I cannot for my life imagine
why gentlemen are so unwilling to hear charges
refuted now which were suffered to be made when
this same resolution was under consideration on a
former day.
If there is no way by which I can be suffered
to proceed, I suppose I must desist. I will only
s%y, then, that 1 hope the resolution will be recon-
sidered and referred to a committee, to beexamined
into. If the House will not take my statement,
that these contractors were informed by the officers
of both Houses that the binding went with the
printing, and that, in consequence of being so in-
formed, they have made a contract for the binding,
i hope they will refer the matter to a committee,
who will report the facts. If I am to be debarred
in this manner from going further, I here give no-
tice that I will reply at some time—that is, it I shall
ever be so fortunate as to find a time when it will
be in order.
Mr. GREGORY (a member of the Committee
on Accounts) remarked that the course which the
debate had taken on this resolution was very ex-
traordinary; instead of being confined to the bind-
ing, it had run upon the printing which had no
connection with the subject. The Committee on
Accounts, who had the oversight of all the expend-
itures from the contingent fund of the House, in
auditing theiate Clerk's accounts, had found items
for binding to the amount of about §11,000, for
which they found no previous arrangement by con-
tract or otherwise as to the prices; and, at that
early day of the session, they had determined to
have the matter taken care of by some committee,
and for that purpose had made preparation for the
adoption of the resolution. On reference, it was
found there was nothing at all in the contract with
the printers about the binding, and the chairman
of the Committee on Printing and the committee
considered they had nothing to do with it. Upon
the introduction of a new subject of binding, to
wit, 100,000 copies of the Patent Office document,
the Committee on Accounts, in view of the import-
ance of having a committee of the House to take
charge of that branch of expenditure, which would
amount to between $30,000 and $40,000 for this
Congress, reported the resolution which had been
adopted inviting proposals for binding. He was
in favor of the contract system; he was favorably
disposed to the printers, and hoped their proposal
would be as low as others, for he should be as will-
ing to see them get it as anybody; but he thought
the contract system should be adhered to.
Mr. STARKWEATHER explained his re-
marks of a former day. What he had then said
had been called forth by the inquiry of the gentle-
man from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,] whether it had
not been the uniform practice of the House td
allow the public printer to bind the documents; to
which he had distinctly answered, referring to the
report read by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Henley] this morning, that it had been the prac-
tice, and that a committee had been raised on this
question ar)d made a report: one of the three con-
clusions of which was, that the binding was an
incident of the printing.
Now, it was not contended by any man in this
House that there was a single word mentioned in
the contract for the printing relative to the binding
of the documents. He would like no know to
whom these documents belonged when published.
Did they not belong to the House? Were they
not under their control, to be bound or not as they
saw fit? And how did it happen that an incident
of §17,000 was to be attached to the contract—the
incident being greater than the principal?
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, repeated the questions
he had put the other day. Had it not been the
invariable practice of the two Houses of Congress
to allow the public printer to do the binding? Had
not these printers entered into the contract under
the expectation, justified by that practice, that they
would be entitled to the binding? And, further-
more, had not these printers, under this implied
contract, already entered into a contract with other
parties for the binding? And would not Congress
be bound to defray the expenses of this contract?
And if the binding was now taken from them,
instead of economizing, would it not subject the
Government to a much greater expense?
Mr. STARKWEATHER replied he had stated
to the House, from the examination he had given
to the subject, that he had good reason to believe
that five thousand dollars could be saved to the
country by giving out this binding by contract.
He now Relieved it. He had not then known
what was stated by the gentleman from Indiana,
that these printers had had any instructions to go
on and execute this binding under the old arrange-
ment; he should have said, had he known it, and
he said now, if they had made such an arrange-
ment with the Clerk of the House, and under it
had gone on and contracted for the binding, the
contract should not be taken from them. He to-
tally disagreed with gentlemen in the conclusion
that this was an incident of the contract. It never
could be considered so; yet, if they had acted upon
it as such, under the authority of the Cleik of the
House, he should feel, as a member of this House,
bound by it. He dissented, however, in toto with
the correctness of the construction. The whole
course of the action of Congress on the subject of
printing had changed; this Congress had entered
upon the contract system; and the question now
was, whether this system should be carried out or
not? He repeated, if a contract for the binding
had been made in good faith by the printers, under
the understanding that it was an incident of the
printing, this House ought to carry out that under-
standing. But the House ought to understand
| how far the contract went; whether it was for the
i whole one hundred thousand Patent reports, and
! two thousand five hundred of War correspondence;
| and any further action of this kind should he pre-
| vented. He asked this House whether it was not
time to enter upon the contract system with refer-
' ence to the binding? If this amount could be
saved to the Government on one document, should
not the steps be taken to effect this saving in all
such cases? He cared not who the printers were^
he had no particular individuals in view; but he
meant to discharge his duties to the country. If
a contract had already been made in this case, let
it stand; if not, and they could save five thousand
dollars in this on^|rcastf, let them save it, and do
the same in all future cases. It was not his object
