748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
♦the proposition of Wisconsin without amendment,
except it were to take the line proposed to them
by Congress in 1846, to which they had assent-
ed. He thought so because he thought Congress
had no right to take them with any other line than
the one which met with their acceptance. They
had a right to^&y what kind of a territory they
would come into the United States with; and if
Congress did not accept the line which suited the
people of Wisconsin, they had the right to remain
out of the Union. He thought they were bound
by the act which Congress had heretofore passed,
and they should not now disturb the compact into
which they had entered. He certainly should not
vote for any other line, unless some better reason
could be shown him than any he had yet seen.
He hoped this bill would be acted upon, as the
people of Wisconsin wished. He would not longer
detain the House, because he knew there were
several gentlemen who desired to express their
views upon this subject.
Mr. COLLA.MER said he understood that, be-
fore he came here this morning, the House had
adopted a resolution to terminate debate this day
at two o'clock. He would remind gentlemen,
that, ordinarily, when they had a bill under dis-
cussion, and the House fixed a limit to the debate,
they never got further than the first section of the
bill until the hour to close debate arrived; and that
. if anybody had any remaiks to make on any sub-
sequent section, he must make them while the
question was pending on the first section. The
time, then, being now limited, it became necessary
that he should say what he had to say on other
sections at this time, unless he would be content
with the five minutes allowed by the rules for the
explanation of an amendment, which would not
be sufficient for his present purpose. 'He would
say nothing of the first section, for he thought
that was pretty well understood, but he felt it to
be his duty to make some remarks in relation to
the second and third sections, and he should do it
at (his time bccausc no other time would be afford-
ed him.
The second anrl third sections, he would here
remark, were not necessary parts of this bill, either
to admit Wisconsin as a Stale or to carry a con-
stitutional government into effcct. If those sec-
tions were stricken out, and the bill were passed
without them, Wisconsin could be admitted a State
of this Union just as well as if those sections were
retained. They were sections which related to the
public lands of the proposed State, and they were
insetted in consequence of the passage of certain
resoluuons by the convention of Wisconsin. If
gentlemen would turn to the latter part of the doc-
ument containing the constitution, they would find
these resolutions, and they would find that they
contained requests that Congress would do certain
things. Whether they were exactly such resolu-
tions as the Legislature of Wisconsin would have
passed, if it had been convened, he knew not.
They related to grants of land in that State; and
he would take this opportunity to explain what
they were, that gentlemen who had not examined
them might understand them before they were
called upon to vote.
The first resolution was to this effect. In 1838
a grant was made by Congress of a tract of land
to make a canal to connect Lake Michigan with
Rock river. Each alternate section of land was
granted, and the price of the remaining sections
was elevated to $2 50 per acre. The purpose of
that grant, however, had failed, and the project had
been given up. In the mean time, however,some
of those reserved sections were sold at $2 50 pet-
acre. Theapplieation of the convention then was,
that the State of Wisconsin might be permitted to
locate the 500,000 acres allowed her by Congress
on those reserved sections. With respect to the
500.000 acre grant, it would be recollected that in
JS4J, in what was called the distribution law, such
a grant was made to each of the new States that
had not theretofore received so much land, for the
purpose of aiding such States in making internal
improvements, with permission to select such lands
as were not subject to private entry. Now, inas-
much as the Rock river grant was subjcct to pri-
vate entry, and as the projected canai had been
abandoned, they asked permission to choose, so
much of that grant as was necessary to complete
their grant of 500,000 acres; and to that he could
see no good objection.
The next question presented was this, that 'the
purchasers of the reserved sections at $2 50, they
having purchased with the understanding that a
canal was to be made, should now be permitted to
have other lands for the amount paid beyond $1 25
per acre. As they had purchased in#good faith,
with the expectation that a canal would be made,
and as it had not been made, he saw no good rea-
son why that should not be acceded to.
The next resolution related to another subject.
It would be recollected that in our land system five
per cent, of the money received from the sales of
the public lands went to the State in which the
lands were sold, for the purpose of making roads.
And it was true that this Government had some
interest in making good roads there, for they helped
to sell the land yet remaining unsold. But by this
resolution the convention of Wisconsin asked Con-
gress that they might have the 500,000 acres al-
lowed for internal-improvements, and also the five
per cent, on the lands sold for making roads, and
that they might have the privilege of appropriating
both to the support of schools. The object cer-
tainly was a praiseworthy one, and he should
throw no obstacle in the way of it, more especially
because other States had been allowed to do the
same thing.
He came now to another resolution. In 1846
a grant was made to Wisconsin, to take effect
when she became a State, of certain sections of
land to make a continuous course from Green Bay,
by Fox river, thence by Wisconsin river, to the
Mississippi. To do this a canal of about a mile,
or a nnle and a quarter, was requisite from Wis-
consin river, at a point where it was navigable for
steamboats, to Fox river, and some improvements
m the course of Fox river, Winnebago lake, and
the entrance to Green Bay. The act took effect
granting the alternate sections of a tract three miles
wide for the purpose of making those improve-
ments, and the reserved sections were raised to
$2 50 per acre to make it e\en. By the last reso-
lution, the convention asked the Government of the
United States to let that grant stand, but to lower
the price of the reserved sections to $1 25. To
that he could not agree; it was goinga little too
far; and it was to this more especially that he had
risen to call the attention of the committee. He
thought a dangerous precedent would be establish-
ed if this Government should acquiesce in this re-
quest, and it was to the establishment of such a
precedent that he objected more than to anything
else. It would be a precedent that would have an
injurious effect on the many projects which were
before Congress, and which were more or less
meritorious. It would have a tendency to defeat :
those projects, and it involved a still more import- ;
ant principle. How? The idea of using the pub- I
lie domain for purposes of internal improvements :
had been by some entertained from an early period
of this Government. The internal improvements
of a great many of the States had been promoted
in that way; but, finally, in 1838, the Government
came to the conclusion that grants of this sort
ought not to be made. Some, under President
Jackson's administration, viewed such grants as
unconstitutional, and they insisted that such grants
should be stopped altogether, and consequently no
more grants had been made for internal improve-
ments since. But many then contended, that in-
asmuch as the money could not be had, the inter-
nal improvements could not go on, and that they
ought to have the avails of the public land distrib- ;
uted, that they might therewith make internal im- i
provements. It was on that principle that the ,
distribution act was framed. But it would be re- j
membered that in that act a clause was inserted j
providing that the avails of the public lands should '
not be distributed to the States if the duties on im- '
ports rose above twenty per cent. This clause put ■
it beyond 'the power of the Government ever to ;
distribute anything. They all understood that, j
Well, what next came up ? Why, then came the
new States claiming this and that improvement, '
this river and that road, and then a canal, and !
grants of public land were made to them for such |
purposes. Why? Oh, because they could not get
money. But was not this an abuse of the elder |
States? Should the public lands be used for inter- 1
nal improvements m the new*States only? The ;
purpose he did not pretend to say was not a good i
one; but could it be conceived that the old States i
would submit to such partiality?
Mr. C. would merely say that the old States |
were not prepared for such a principle. They i
were very willing to make grants out of the public
domain to the new States, but not on such a prin-
ciple as that.
We hftfS entertained another policy, by making
a railroad or canal through a portion of the public
lands, where, owing to deep morasses or extensive
prairies, the settlers could get no timber; or to
obstacles rendering the country otherwise unap-
proachable, it could not be settled, and therefore
never could be sold, in such cases, we had settled
one-half of it, and sold that at double price, and so
got as much money as if we had sold the whole at
the minimum price. It was plain that the Gov-
ernment, by granting alternate sections for the con-
struction of such railroad or canal, had, in fact,
granted away nothing at all, but, on the contrary,
saved the whole amount it granted. Thiswas.not
graduation. It was doubling; it was going on an
ascending, not on a descending scale. In such a
case the Government, it was true, granted land,
but it got back the money.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, here put a ques-
tion to Mr. Collamer, not distinctly heard by the
reporter, but the purport of which may be inferred
from Mr. Collamer's reply.
Mr. COLLAMER replied, that the subject of
graduation was not understood by him as it was
by many gentlemen. • " Graduation" was a tech-
nical phrase. It referred to the system of classing
public lands by the length of time they had been
in market, and fixing the price accordingly. The
practical effect of which was, to induce a man who
wanted a certain piece of the public domain to wait
awhile, because he would then get it at a lowei*
rate. That was graduation. This had nothing to
do with that, nothing at all.
Mr. C. now wished to call the attention of the
committee to what had been effected by this prin-
ciple of granting alternate sections, and selling: the
residue at double price. By this system, the Ohio
canal, extending from Portsmouth, on the Ohio
river, all through the State, to Cleveland, on Lake
j Erie, had been made, and the grant never cost the
| Government a dollar. So the Erie canal, extend-
I ing from Eel river to the Wabash, and down that
I river, running all through Indiana and a part of
| Ohio, had been constructed m the same manner,
[ and had cost the Government nothing. The ex-
tension canal, from Dayton to the Miami river,
connected Lake Erie with Cincinnati through the
other two. All these canals were now in actual
operation. They had all been made on this same
principle, and all without costing the Government
anything at all. So the Illinois canal had been
constructed—a work which had essentially aided
that State in reestablishing her credit. The Wa-
bash canal to Evansville had enabled Indiana to
redeem her bonds. He might refer to various c*ses
of the same kind. The railroad from Cairo to Chi-
cago had been built on this principle.
But what Mr. C. wished to show was, that if,
after reserving alternate sections of the public
land, and holding them up at double the minimum
price, Congress afterward, by a subsequent law,
threw open these reserved sections for sale at the
minimum price, Government got nothing back,
and the State got the whole. This brought us
round again to the principle that the public lands
were a fund for the internal improvement of the
new States, but not of the old ones.
The moment Congress assented to the fifth reso-
lution of the convention of Wisconsin, they did
just this thing. He did not believe that this could
understanding^ be done.
He had another objection to that fifth resolution.
Nothing had been done on the Wisconsin and Fox
river canal. He did not say but that m some cases,
through inadvertence, alternate sections had been
granted by Congress without doubling the price of
the sections reserved. Such a case had happened,
he believed, in relation to the improvement of the
river Des Moines. He had not then been present,
though he had been when the grant was made for
the canal between the Wisconsin and Fox rivers.
The Des Moines grant hail not undergone much
examination, and he did not think it constituted
any precedent to be now followed.
He would further remark, that the State of Wis#
consin was entitled, with other new States, to five
hundred thousand acres of the public domain for
the purposes of internal improvement, and her
convention asked that the avails of this land might
be, instead, applic(Jlto the support of public schools.
To this he had no objection.
