1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
749
In granting Wisconsin alternate sections for the
Sac and Fox river canal, Congress had said that
"she mi«ht have them, but not that she must. Let
the Legislature say they declined taking the grant,
and then the Slate would be entitled to her five
hundred thousand acres, and would'not need the
help Of Government. But she asked to keep her
five hundred thousand acres; to keep her five per
cent, for roads; to keep her Fox river grant, and
then that Congress would throw off the additional
dollar and a quarter on the reserved sections. The
compliance with these requests was in nowise im-
portant to the ad mission of the State into the Union. *
The first and second sections of the bill might be
stricken out without disturbing that at all. The
provisions in the fifth resolution, however, he
should move to strike out. [lie here designated
the lines which -must be stricken out in order to
effect this purpose.] All the residue of the bill he
■was willing; to leave undisturbed.
Mr. MORSE said he would avail himself of the
apology made by the gentleman from Vermont for
discussing other sections of the bill, when, accord-
ing to strict rule, he could only speak to the first,
and would follow the remarks of that gentleman
with some words in reply.
He considered, that in reporting the bill as it
stood, the Committee on the Territories had done
no more than an act of sheer justice to the new
State that was now about to come into the Union.
The gentleman had urged objections to several
features in the bill, but had graciously consented
to waive them all, provided the House would
strike out its compliance with the fifth resolution
of the Wisconsin convention,-in relation to redu-
cing the price of ihe reserved sections granted for
the canal between the Wisconsin and Fox rivers.
- Mr. M., after adverting to the general grant of
500,000 acies of the public land to each of the new
States, referred more particularly to the grant by
Congress of alternate sections for five miles on each
side of the Des Moines river to aid Iowa, when a
Teiritory, in improving its navigation. At the
very same session it had made a similar grant to
Wisconsin for the construction of a canal to unite
the Wisconsin and Fox rivers, buthad added a pro-
viso that the reserved sections should not be sold
for less than $2 50 an acre. Sow, Mr. M. had been
in hopes that a gentleman who had so shrewd an
eye to every grant made to the new States, and
who seemed to consider every acre given to them as
so much taken out of the pocket of the old States,
■would have shown some good reason for this in-
vidious distinction between two Territories whose
boundaries were contiguous, and both of whom at
the time were just about coming into the Union
The improvement of the Des Moines river was
very important to the now State of Iowa, and it
■was right to aid her by a grant of land: was not
the canal in Wisconsin equally important to her?
Why should she not get a grant on the same terms
with her sister State? Until some good reason
should be shown for it, he hoped the House would
make no such invidious distinction between them.
The liberality shown to Iowa had astonished the
gentleman fioiri Vermont; but did he not well
know that all such grants did but in the end en-
hance the value of the public domain, and event-
ually increased our landed revenue?
The gentleman objected to the third resolution
of the convention, giving to the purchasers of the
alternate sections gianted for the Fox river canal
at double price "an equivalent in land after that pro-
ject had been abandoned.
Mr. COLLAMER said the gentleman was
wholly mistaken: he had not made the least ob-
jection to it, but had'admitted it to be just.
Mr. MORSE was glad he had not; nothing
could have been more just and fair. He under-
stood the gentleman to have objected, but gracious-
ly consented to give up his objection.
Mr. COLLAMER said he never had made any.
The only resolution he objected to had been the fifth.
Mr. MORSE considered the reduction in the
price of the reserved sections, as asked by the fifth
resolution, an act of sheer justice to this new State;
and it came with an especially good grace, as Wis-
consin had agreed to take this grant as part of their
500,000 acies.
Mr. COLLAMER said the gentleman was again
mistaken. Wisconsin did not propose to do any
such thing. She was willing to take the alternate
sections on Rock river as part ef her 500,000, but
not on Fox river.
Mr. McCLERNAND said there was no need of
deducting the sections on Fox river from her quota
of 500,000 acres, as that had been already provided
for m the act of 3841.
As to the charge of the application of her quota
of land from works of, internal improvement to
the support of common schools, Mr. McC. pre-
sumed there could be but one opinion in regard to
it.
In, respect to the boundary, he had but a word
to say. Three lines were proposed : One to which
the convention had assented; another which the
people of Wisconsin would prefer; and a third pro-
posed by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.S&iith.]
He was indifferent as between the first two, but he
hoped the House would reject the third, as its
adoption would only make trouble and delay.
He hoped the House Should adopt such a course
as would enable Wisconsin to take her place as
speedily as possible as the thirtieth State in our
glorious Confederacy.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, (as Mr.
Collamer was not m the Hall,) explained in de-
fence of the positions he had taken, and which
seemed to have been strangely misunderstood by
the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Morse.] Mr.
R. then indicated his purpose at the proper time to
offer a resolution granting to Wisconsin section
No. 36 in each township of the public land to aid
in support of purposes of education. He thought
all our new States ought to have larger giants to-
ward this object than they enjoyed under our pres-
ent land system. They only got one-thirty-sixth of
a township for schools, and hve per cent, of land
sales for the construction of roads. But in ten
years, the taxes from which United States land was
exempt, if collected by the State, would amount to
four times as much as the nev/Statesnow received.
Probably the indisposition of Congress to do more
for them had arisen m part from the inordinate, un-
founded claims set up by them on the subject of
graduation, and their intempeiate thieats to the old
States. This might have made Representatives
from the older States a little more sensitive than
they otherwise would have been. But the Gov-
ernment, as a large landholder, was bound, by all
considerations of sound policy, to promote the es-
tablishment of common schools in all tne new
States. In the Oregon constitution one section out
of each township had been set apart to this use. it
was a noble provision; it ought to be done in each
of the new States. Not only would the State be
benefited, but ultimately the entire Union. In his
own State there was but one voice on this subject.
All her public lands in the Western Reserve had
been so applied, the consequence of which was,
that she enjoyed this day a tund of two millions of
dollars for purposes of education, and he had him-
self never known a native of Connecticut who could
not read, nor ever heard of but two who could not
write. He was the more in favor of liberality to
Wisconsin, because her own course on this sub-
ject had been liberal m the highest degree. The
adoption of such a course would meet the just de-
mands of the new States, and thereby save us from
the outrageous projects of graduation, which were
brought forward from time to time, based on the
falsest principles and supported by the most un-
founded arguments.
Mr. R here read his proposed amendment, grant-
ing No. 36 in each township for the purpose of
public schools, with the exception ef inchoate pre-
emption rights.
Mr. TWEEDY (Delegate from Wisconsin) now
obtained the floor, and went at considerable length
into a discussion of the general subject, and espe-
cially into a reply to the objections of Mr. Colla-
mer to the fifth resolution of the convention on the
subject of reducing the price of reserved sections
of the public lands. Mr. T. said he should not
now enter on the question of boundary; on that
subject he had made some statements on a previous
day. It must be apparent, from the indications of
opinion throughout the House, that Congress had
no right to impose on Wisconsin the southern line
proposed by thegenileman from Illinois, and make
that a condition 6f Wisconsin being admitted into
the Union. Mr. T. knew well the feeling of the
people of Wisconsin on that subject. If it were
out of self-respect alone, and a just regard to the
dignity of the State, the very men themselves who
had in convention been most in favor of a south-
ern line, would now vote against it. No; Wis-
consin would never come as a beggar to the door
of this House, and sue as a boon for that which
was her right. Her people would place them-
selves in no such degrading attitude. Mr. T. and
those associated with him had labored with the*
people day and night for two weeks to prevail with
them to wait and consent to the boundary proposed
by Congress in the new constitution; they had had
the utmost difficulty in holding back their friends
from insisting on the rights of the State. They
had planted themselves on the ordinance of *87.
But at length, with great reluctance,they had con-
sented to waive for the present what all held to be
their right. But they came not as the people of a
British province suing at the foot of the throne for
privilege of self-government. If they came into
the Union at ail, they would come into it on a foot-
ing of perfect equality with the other States. Wis-
consin must come in as a sister, or not at all. On
this point men of all parties were as one; every soul
in the State was of but one mind. It was vain for
gentlemen to try to bring them to any other terms.
As the two northern lines which had been spoken
of, gentlemen might fix on which they pleased.
The people of Wisconsin preferred Rum river as
their boundary; but if the St. Croix route was fixed
on by the House, they were ready to acquiesce.
He would say that he had been instructed to ad-
vocate the first of these boundaries, and he believed
it would carry.
And now as to some other points which the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] had
stated with so much clearness and fairness. That
gentleman had a perfect acquaintance with the
whole subject of the public lands; and, after hav-
ing thoroughly examined all the resolutions of the
Wisconsin convention, he found none to object
against but the fifth. Mr. T. pi esumed there would
be no serious objection in the House to any other.
; That resolution referred to a repeal of the proviso
in the act granting alternate sections of land for
the construction of a canal to unite the Wisconsin
and Fox rivers, which proviso required the sec-
tions reserved by .the United States to be sold at
not less than two dollars and a half ihe acre. The
gentleman from Vermont had very frankly stated
that his chief objection to this was as a precedent.
Mr. T. did not pretend to be competent to decide
whether Congress had established the doctrine of
the inviolability of precedent or not; he had not
himself heard of such a decision; but this he knew,,
that if there was any case which could claim the
repeal of such a proviso, both on grounds of liber-
ality and of justice, this was that case.
On the very same day that Congress had granted
these alternate sections of land to Wisconsin for
her canal, the same body had granted to lov^a a
strip of land in alternate sections, extending five
miles on each side of the Des Moines river, four
hundred miles in length, for a wotk lying wholly
within the limits of one State, and theiffore in no
sense national, without any such proviso. The
canal for which the grant had been made to Wis-
consin connected two rivers, running five hundred
miles in opposite directions—rivers a mile m width
at their mouths, but approaching in their upper
branches 30 near to each other that in a freshet
their waters mingled into one. It was the most
wonderful, and at the same tune one of the most
important natuial water communications on the
North American continent. At the point where
they approached, a canal a little over one mile m
length, with a slack-water navigation of forty miles,
enabled the same vessel to visit both New Oileans
in one direction and Montreal in the other, and
provided the means of transporting all the lead of
that most productive mineral region, to be trans-
ported by water carriage to any part of the world.
If there was a national work in the world, it was
this. Yet, while Congress had granted alternate
sections in a strip of three miles on each side the
rivers, and ninety miles in length, the same Con-
gress, on the same day, had granted to Iowa alter-
nate sections in a strip four hundied miles m length*
and extending five miles from the river; and this
for a State work, lying wholly within a single
State, and not national in any sense of the word!
Mr. T. went on to say that Congress had never
given to Wisconsin a cent; and the land it had
given was clogged with a condition from which
Iowa was wholly free. If Wisconsin had enjoyed
her five per .cent, ever since her population had
been sufficient for her becoming a State, she would
have received more than all that Congress paid for
hef governor, judges, and the whole system of
