754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
' l . w hp- can extend his overpowering and over-
8hadowin  Maence over the Senate itself- It
moves that he has power to command them, even
P„ ?he case of their own records, which they are
bound to keep sacred, to expunge or mar them.
It moves that the hand of the Executive can guide
the pen of the Senate to draw black lines, or any
other lines, around their own archives, and that the
Senate may be made simply his instruments and
tools. The case referred to proves no usurpation
of power on the part of the Senate.
He asked if no case could be found of the Presi-
dent using his power to overawe and control Con-
gress. As to the veto power, he referred to it as
a salutary feature in our system. The power to
make internal improvements had been exercised
by Congress to the great benefit of the Union, and
had caused great prevention of the loss of life and
property. But since the administration of the
present Executive, what had we seen' We had
seen bills advocated by the very persons who had
elected him; we have seen bills passed by large ma- j
iorities, checked and destroyed by the veto, all j
having reference to the improvement of our great j
highways, and the protection of human life. It I
■was found that even here the power of the Execu- I
tive curtailed the will of the people. The power i
of Congress to make any improvements of this
character was denied by the President in his mes- |
sage returning the bills. The result of this doc- j
trine was, to leave property and life at the mercy j
of State Legislatures.
Here Mr. Johnson gave way, and !
Mr. POOTE called for the special order. |
OCCUPATION OP YUCATAN.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the bill to enable the President to take temporary
military occupation of Yucatan.
Mr. CASS then rose to address the Senate, and
began by referring to the remarks of the Senator
from Connecticut, as to the great delay in the Ex-
ecutive department, in relation to the case of Yu-
catan. He stated that this delay was caused by
the desire to obtain all necessary information on
the subject. As soon as this was obtained, the
facts were communicated to the Senate for its
prompt and energetic action.
He stated that the question involved matters
concerning our own security. The declaration of
Mr. Monroe, and the doctrines expressed by Mr.
Polk two years ago, contemplated no interference
with European settlements on this continent. They
merely looked to a prevention of the reduction of
any of the free States of America to European de-
pendence.
He glanced back to the discovery of America,
and the establishment of the colonial governments;
to subsequent changes of domination, which ren-
dered this country for centuries a battle-field for
European ambition to light in. Thence he came
down to the revolutions which agitated Europe,
and applauded the wisdom and patriotism of Mr.
Monroe in seizing the proper opportunity to pub
on this subject. The Senator from Connecticut 1 had supplied the Indians with arms; not because
had supposed England had reached the highest |i the arms had the Tower stamp upon them, but
point of elevation, and that she was approaching because the Indians would not be likely to pur-
her decline He would not pretend to give an |. chase them, and must have been supplied gratui-
oQinion on this point. But he believed that i! tously. He stated, from his ownltnowledge, that
although great reforms, which he believed were in 1822, the British agents were in the practice of
necessary, might be effected in the English system'i inviting the Indians on the northwestern frontier
of government, it was idle to anticipate that her I; to certain places, where they were gratuitously
Government would be overthrown—that she would || furnished wit)i arms.
be destroyed Her intelligence and her moral ji He expressed his preference for the bill m its
power would remain, and she would rise, like An- ;i original shape over the amendment which had been
fceus, stronger after every stroke. He understood i submitted.
there were now four companies of British artillery .
in the southern portion of Yucatan. How largely ■
they may be reinforced he could not say. He did j
not say what course England would pursue, but j
it was our duty to be on our guard against any ;
interference which may be injurious to our inter- |
ests. When she lays the lion's paw on Yucatan,
it will he difficult to displace it. . . . . j,
The value of the commerce of the Mississippi ']
down to the Gulf of Mexico, it was impossible to jj
estimate. Here was the great artery of the bound- j j
less and extending West, the population of which jj
the man is now living who may see multiplied to ]!
a hundred millions. The idea of Napoleon was u
to have possession of the Mediterranean, but fate J|
prevented him. England has now the command jj
of that sea. Let England get possession of Yuca- !
tan, and she will make the Gulf a mare clausum. \
The Gulf of Mexico should be American: not that i
America should exclusively use it in time of peace; j
but in case of war, we should be able to close it-1
against hostile occupation. j
With the command of Cuba, the water of the '
Gulf is reduced to a hundred miles. While Cuba |
and Yucatan are held by feeble Powers, having no j
ambition to interfere with our commercial interests, ;
there is no danger. But let these places fall into I
the hands of a Power like England, and the danger j
j will be evident. He did not mean to say that she j
I contemplated taking possession of Cuba by force, j
I! or of Yucatan by fbrce; but if she should yield to ;
! the request of Yucatan and lend her aid, and thus |
1 acquire possession, what right shall we have to 1
; complain ? England wants Cuba for commercial
1 purposes; we want it for our very existence as a
! nation. In a question of so much importance as
, the possession of Cuba, we should resist to the last.
He hoped it would be communicated to Spain that :
j the United States would not see Cuba transferred ,
! to any other Power. So long as Spain can remain
; at peace, and be able to retain her monarchy and
I power, (here is nothing to be apprehended. But
| this condition wasnot likely to be permanent, and he
1 trusted Spain would, before any change took place,
perceive that it was more to her interest to dispose ,
of Cuba by purchase than to retain it, or yield it ;
for any other consideration. He referred to the \ \
remarks of Lord William Bentinck, in the British !|
Parliament  ;
Mr.W ESTCOTT,in some explanatory remarks, j
insisted that Lord William Bentinck's observations i
on Cuba were intended to convey an intimation of ;
lish his declaration against any further interference lj a desire to abolish slavery in the southern States :
on the part of Europe.
To other points in the remarks of the Senator
from Connecticut he made brief replies. He then
contended that the policy of our country was not
to interfere with other Powers, but to prevent other
"Powers from interfering with us. We are bound
to act promptly and vigorously when we see any
evidence of a desire on the part of European Pow-
ers to interfere with us. The war with Mexico—
" rash and precipitate" as it had been callcd—had
placed us in a position to enforce the policy laid
down by Mr. Monroe. If we had not obtained a
foot of land in Mexico, the war would be worth
all that it has cost us, in the glory which it has
shed around our country. No European Power
will now venture an interference with us. ;i
The position of Yucatan, between us and the ad- j!
vancing Indians, is one of peculiar interest to us. >;
Her condition calls on us for our deepest sympa- ;
thy. England holds the key of the Mediterranean. \
She has stretched her powerful arm so as to touch ;
every cape and headland on every ocean. 1
Mr. CRITTENDEN asked how near a ship of ;
war could approach any harbor of Yucatan ? / i
Mr. CASS said the power of steam would be *
able to carry any naval armament to the coast. .
Mr. CRITTENDEN asked how near a steam- ,
frigate could approach ? !
Mr. CASS disclaimed any particular knowledge 1
of the United States.
Mr. CALHOUN replied that he did not doubt
,! that there was a disposition in the British Govern*
fj ment to abolish slavery all over the world. But
;i since the debate which had been referred to, a mo-
! i mentous change had taken place in the opinions of
|: British statesmen on this subject, and there was
lj nothing to be feared from the interference of Eng-
land in our institutions.
ij Mr. CASS resumed. He only desired to show
• j that there were English statesmen who contem-
ij plated taking possession of Cuba, in order to shut
:j up the Gulf of Mcxico, or, as they expressed it,
!| to cut our trade in two.
1 The object of this bill is to aid Yucatan. There
! j was no more connection now between Yucatan and
u Mexico, than between Yucatan and China. Yu-
catan is independent, and may select her own gov-
ernment. . He did not think we were precluded
by the armistice, and he gave his reasons at some
length. As to the character of the Indians in Yu-
catan, he legarded it as so low as to render that
race entirely unfit to enjoy an equality of rights
and privileges with the white race. The war in
Yucatan was clearly a war of laces—-a war for
physical existence, and not for moral power; and
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, obtained the
floor, when, on motion of Mr. BREESE, and by-
common consent, the further consideration of the
bill was postponed till to-morrow.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland,
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Afi;nr> be in-
structed to inquire into the cl.um of Mich Cheio!te  Indians
us remain east of the Mississippi to com imitation for remo-
val and subsistence, and report such mea^ire&, ii any, as m
the opinion of the committee, should he adopted fin the ad-
justment of such claim.
On motion of Mr. BREESE, the Senate pro~
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, an#
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE, OF1 REPRESENTATIVES. *
Thursday, JWay IX, 1848,
The, Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The"SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the bill for the admission of the State
of Wisconsin into the Union, which was yester-
day reported to the House by the Committee of
\ the "Whole on the state of the Union, with sundry
| amendments, on which the previous question had
1 been moved and seconded, and the first amend-
j ment of the Committee of the "Whole [Mr. Smith's,
j of Indiana] had been agreed to.
I The question pending, when the House ad-
j journed, was on agreeing to the second amend-
1 ment of the committee [Mr. Collamer's] to the
! second section; (which amendment related to grants
' of land for certain works of internal improvement.)
! Mr. GOGGIN asked the general consent of the
! House to enable him to move that the business
first in order be suspended for a short time for the
! purpose of calling the committees for reports. It
was objected to.
The question was again stated on agreeing to
the second amendment of the committee to the
i Wisconsin bill: it was decided m the negative:
Yeas 46, nays 94.
The third amendment of the committee [Mr.
Tweedy's] was read'and agreed to without a divis-
! The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
1 read a third time.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved the previous
question; which was seconded, and, under its oper-
ation, the bill was read a third time and passed.
This bill, as it passed, is in the following words:
A BILL for the admission of the State of Wisconsin into
the Union.
Whereas the people of the Territory of Wiscons-in did, on
the first day of .February, eighteen hundred and forty-eight,
by a convention of di legates called arid a-senibled for Hint
purpose, form for themselves a constitution and State gov-
ernment, which said constitution is republican, and said
eunveniinn having asked the admission of &aid Territory
into the Union as a State, upon an equal footing with the
oiigmal Slates:
Be it enacted, 4*e., That the State ofWiscon^m he, and is
hereby, admitted to be one of the United Stales of America^
and is hereby admitted into tlie Union on an equal footing
with the ouginal States, in all respects whatevei, with the
boundaries prescribed by the aetot Congress approved Au
giis-t 6, 1846, entitled a Ari act to enable the people ot Wis-
consin Tern tory to form a conslitutinn and rotate ^non-
mfiiU and for the admission of ,-uch State into the Union.
Skc. -J. And be itfwtho enacted, That the a>sent of Con-
gre>-i i-> hereby aiven to the Jirst, second, fourth, and fifth
resolution;, adopted bj said convention and appended tosaid
constitution5 and the act* of Congress referred to in the said
resolutions are hereby amended, bo that the land* granted
hv the provi-jon^ of the several aeN referred to hi the e-aid
fu st and fourth resolution*, and the proceeds of satd lauds
ami the live per centum of the net pioceedfOf the public
land> then,in mentioned, .-'hall beheld and di>po>ed of by
said State in the manner and for the purposes recommended
by said convention ; and r-o that, also, the lands re.-ened to
the United Staler by the proM-don* ol the act entitled 44 An
act to grant a quantity of land to aid in the improvement ot
tiie Fox and Whc<>ii-iii aver«, and to connect thf  same  y
a canal in the Teruton of Wisconsinand also the even-
we are called on by humanity to interfere to pre- , n' "'l'crc<l sections ic?eive<l li,v the provisions■ of tlie aci! ™-
vprn tllp pnhrp PYfprtninitinn nf lUa to titled " act to gr;mt a quantity "I Hind to the I erntorj ot
? ^ I. A •^ WwcOKsta for theWsB of tilling in opening a oaual to
.tic expressed his opinion that th© British agents 1 connect the waters ot LaKe Michigan with those of &ock
