758.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,.
the Secretary knows so Jittle about the whole mat-
ter that, not knowing what is right, he sends in
both, and leaves Congress to guess for themselves?
If he cannot tell how much we have paid during
the year, does he know how much we owe with any
certainty or accuracy ? Has he any better means
of knowing the amount received into or paid out
of the treasury for any other purpose ? Can he tell
the amount in the treasury? if a thief should steal
by night, or a dishonest agent should abstract a
few hundred thousands at a time, would he know
it? If the department is in such a condition as to
render it necessary to make such inconsistent state-
ments, to the extent of millions of dollars, in rela-
tion to the public debt, what is the security about
anything connected with this department?
Did my time permit, I would inquire why it is
that the Secretary considers the exchange of stock
for treasury notes as a payment of the public debt?
Why is it that in a " statement of the amount of
the public debt paid from the 1st December, 1846,
to the 1st December, 1847," he includes some three
millions,-more or less, being the amount of stock
issued in exchange for treasury notes? Does the
Secretary regard this operation as a payment? If
so, it will be an exceedingly easy matter for the
Government to relieve itself from the $100,000,000
of debt which my honorable colleague m the Sen-
ate [Mr. Niles] supposes will be against us on
the 1st July next, if the treaty of peace is ratified
with Mexico. I cannot, however, enlarge upon
this and sundry other vagaries of the Secretary.
Now, sir, what is the excuse for all this? He
makes no excuse publicly to Congress, which is
his duty, but leaves it for the writers in the Gov-
ernment organ and other newspapers to make his
lame and discreditable apology. The attempt is to
screen the head of the department by charging the
blunders upon subordinate officers, to cast off the
responsibility from the shoulders where the law
has placed it, upon some subordinate. When, in
obcdience to law, he has made his statements to
Congress of the past receipts and expenses of the
Government, and these are found to be grossly
erroneous, is the Secretary to turn an inquiring and |
indignant Congress and people to a Register, and i
he to an aged clerk, and that clerk to a younger !
one, and so on? What aie the duties of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury? His general duties the '!
law prescribes as follows, in the " act to establish ij
the Treasury Department," of September 2,1789:
"Sec. 1. The Secretaiy of the Treasury is to be'deemed
the head of the Department,' &c.
"Sec. 2. That it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the .
Treasury to digest and prepare plans for the improvement >
and management of the revenue, and for the support of pub- |
he credit; to prepare and report estimates or'the public rev- (
emu*; to decide on the forms of keeping and atatmg accounts j
and making returns; and to grant, under the limitations {
herein established, or to be hereafter provided, ail warrants i
for moneys to be issued from the treasury in pursuance of i
appropriations bylaw, Sec., and generally to pprform all such j
sei vices in relation to the finances as he shall be directed to !
perform."—1 Stat, at Large, 65, G6. j
In addition to these plain provisions of the law, i
I refer- the House to a most able report made some j
years since by a committee of Congress on the j
duties of the different officers of the Treasury De- j
partment. It points out the duties of the Secretary :
as follows: j
"The Secretary of the Treasury superintends the collec- J
tion and receipts and the disbursement public moneys. In 1
consequence of this, all authorities for transferring them |
from one public agent to annthei, or for the final disburse- ;i
ment of them, originate with him. He directs the drawing li
of moneys into the treasury, arid regulates the time, manner,
and circumstances, subject to the sanctions presctibed by !'
Jaw, and judges exclusively of the other officers of the de- |!
pjitment when and whatdisbursements aieto bp made sub- !>
jfet nevertheless to the check of the Comptroller, who in '!
cnunteitfigning warrants, is jointly responsible with hinj'lor i
their being conformable to a;.propnations bylaw; and to the -
further check and settlement of the accounts of all persons i i
m whom he may have caused advances of public money J
by the Auditor and Comptroller. All warrants for the pay- i'
ment of money into the treasury, or for the payment of1!
money out of the treasury, are fh&t signed by Inm. It is
al^o his duty to decide ou the forms of keeping all public
accounts."
What is understood by the Secretary's being
the "head" of the Treasury Depaitment? Is it
not meant that he shall superintend and direct the
affairs of the department; that he shall distribute
among the different officers and clerks their appro-
priate duties; direct the modes of keeping the ac- i
counts, and cause to be furnished the materials ;
necessary for fully undeistanding the condition of ,
the public treasury, and to erjablehim to make his j
reports to Congress; m a word, that he should be  I
the head, as the clerks and other officers are the
hands—that he should devise, arrange, digest, and
they execute the labors assigned them?
The specific duties of the Secretary in relation to
treasury notes $re as follows;
"That it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to report to Congress, at the commencement of each ses-
sion, the amount of treasury notes which have been issued
under the provisions of tins act; the amount redeemed, and
the maimer in which redeemed; the amountpurchased,and
of whom, and <tl what time purchased ; and the amount re-
issued, stating in heuofwhich redemption they are ie? sued,
with the date of such reissue, during the preceding year."—
Stat, 2d sess. 29th, tfcmg., 20th Jan., 1847, sec. 22.
Although, sir, the Secretary is required by law
" to report to Congress, at the commencement of
each session, the amount [of treasury notes] re-
issued, stating in lieu of which redemption they
are reissued, with the date of such reissue during
the preceding year," he has not seen fit to make
any such report; and, as I am informed by the
honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Strohm,] he has not learned from the department
—what seems to me almost incrediblc—that any
account whatever has been kept at the department
at all of the treasury notes reissued, either the
amount, or date, or in lieu of which redemption
they are reissued.
I wish to know, sir, whether this violation of
the plain and positive statute is the fault of a clerk
or of a register; and I ask, what apology is given
for the omission of these important entries? No
one of the duties presented by this section of the
act has hpen intelligibly and correctly performed;
and one important branch is entirely omitted, not
only in the report, but, as I suppose, in the books
themselves.
It is certainly true that clerks may commit mis-
takes in their accounts for moderate amounts,
which may escape detection of the most careful
and competent persons; but these are not such
mistakes at all. Those to ivhich I formerly^ referred
all appear on the face of the Secretary's oivn report,
with the exception of one table furnished by the
I Secretary of theTreasury. It was clearly theduty
of the Register, if he has any duty whatever to
perform, from the materials furnished by his own
officers, to make a plain and clear statement of the
main facts to Congress, divested of all the techni- j
calities of clerks or registers. The only materials I
which I then had was from his own report and the
accompanying tables, and he certainly had the
same. In the first place, it was Ins duty to correct
the obvious errors appearing on the face of some
of the tables, or by comparison of them. It cer-
tainly was his peculiar province, in the brief sum-
mary in the first and second pages of his report, to
make a correct use of the materials furnished him,
and not have made a blunder in the first instance
of, as he afterwards supposed, |6,915,GOO, and a
counter-mistake, now acknowledged, but long de-
nied, of more than one million four hundred thou-
sand dollars. That very sum of $6,915,000 was
actually contained in table B, furnished by the
Register to the Secretary, arid printed with his own
report, showing the receipts and expenditures of
the first quarter of the piesent fiscal year. That
table was very short, containing but seventeen en-
tries, and was one of the tables furnished to the
Secretary to enable him to make his still more
general statement to Congress. This general state-
ment is contained in the first three pages of the
Secretary's report, and yet he leaves out this most
important sum from the statement of the actual h
receipts into the treasury during the quarter. j!
Truly, Mr. Chairman, if it is not the duty of
the Secretary to attend to such services, I know i
not what his duties are. Next to the fact that !
such blunders could be committed by any head of I
the Treasury, is the scarcely less surprising one
that such excesses should be made by his friends, i
One word, Mr. Chairman, in relation to the
statement of domestic exports from this country,
and the poetic flights of the imaginative Secretary
to which I referred.
In many other poetical works the authors often
so overload the page with copious explanatory
statements thai the notes are said to have run away
with the poetry. Not so with Mr. Walker. His
poetry has surely run away with his " notes."
He evidently considered these treasury notes as a
very minor matter, to be left to the registers, and
clerks, and other drudges about the treasury, and
that the field of fiction, the <c enthusiasm,'* the
wild and extravagant visions as to the future,
were not only his peculiar province, but his sol®
duty.
Smce my former speech in relation to the Secre-
tary's report, I have followed out the calculations
as to the domestic exports of the country on the
basis furnished by him, for the period of twenty
years from the 30th June, 1846, as it was desira-
ble to know what our ability would be to pay up
these loans which we are making. A young friend
of mine has done the figuring for me, and informs
me, that in the year 1866, on the principle of table
CC in the Secretary's report, the amount of do-
mestic exports would be $334,640,302,925 34, esti-
mating the increase at 48 per cent.; which would
be more than $16,000 annually, in a population
of 20,000,000, for every man, woman and child m
the United States. I do not understand that the
Secretary supposes that the population of the coun-
try is also to increase in the same ratio of 48 per
cent, annually.
The learned chairman of Finanee of the Senate
i seems to think that in 1870 we shall have a popu-
lation of 38,000,000. "And surely," says he,.
" this may be considered a sinking fund sufficient
for a loan of sixteen millions." I am willing to
be liberal on this subject, and call^it 40,000,000.
The amount of domestic exports would average
for each person over $8,000 annually; ami a very
moderate tax on- such enormous exports of three
cents on a hundred dollars ofthe export of 3866, or
§3 upon $10,000, would not only pay off the pal-
try loan of 116,000,000, but a debt of §100,000,000
in one year!
The table as to the increase of tonnage would
show, if carried out, similar extravagant results,
although the ratio ofinciease is less, and the num-
ber of vessels and the amount of tonnage less,
which would lead to this disastrous result: that the
quantity of our goods to be exported would be far
greater than the number and tonnage of our ves-
sels would enable us to transport.
I do not mean to do the Secretary ofthe Treas-
ury injustice. He does not say that this result to
its full extent will follow, but he does cause to be
prepared these tables, duly certified, and comments-
upon them as affording an approximation at least
to the truth, and as furnishing a fair basis of cal-
i culation for the future.
But, most unluckily for the Secretary, while he
was yet writing, while his eye,
I f< With fine fancy rolling,"
■ was kindling with the prospect of the glorious re-
^ suit of his free-trade policy, the foundation of the
whole was sinking under him—like the milkmaid
in the fable, who suddenly dashed to the ground
the source of all her wealth, and the foundation of
her schemes of-future grandeur. My honorable
' and respected colleague in the Senate, [Mr. Niles,]
| in an able speech on the finances a few days since*
1 has furnished some important facts on the subject
| of the domestic exports of the country. He has
j shown in that speech, from sources of information
; which he regarded as reliable, that instead of anv
1 increase, there had been a remarkable decline in
; our domestic exports. His statement is as fol-%
lows*
! "I have a document here which will show the condition
of our exports for the la?t ?ix month*, and for a correspond-
ing period la^t vear. It was received trora a commercial
friend in New York :
Statement of the Export? of Breadstuff's from this country to
! Great Britain, from September 1,1847. to March 4,1H48.
From—
NewYoik 
N\ Orleans to Feb. 2d
Philadelphia 
Baltimore 
Proton 
Other poib to Feb. 26
Total 
The e.\pnrts for the
sami' period a year
ago, were 
Decrease..
Flour. [ Meal, j Wheat. Corn.
Bhh
i:*7,U82! 30.913!
13,554! 90,6 ".6!
1.5.^ 19.6W
Bhh. j Bushels. Buckets.
33,19.51
70
504
3,100]
7.71.170
315.830
70.149
PS 47A
77.-194
□l.ltM
153,4101 76,101' 215,139! 1,337,201
1,058,876 948,R32i 1,273,882' 6.031,640
1 ,J05,4311172,748; 1,058,743 5,34,436
"I have computed the value of these exports for each
period in i\Tev Ymk, for Ja*t year's prices $8 30
for flour, .*2 9 > for wheat, A> 30 for meal, and £1 !2£ for
t corn ; and for thf  ln«-t pet iod the pi u*e« ruling at th« present
time. The total value ofthe exports for the first period ex-
ceeds $22,0a0,uu0, and tho.-e of the last period a little more
than ^*2,000,000; showing a difference of over Ini20,000,000.
The freights for the first period exceed #3.000,000, and for
the lan are h-ss than £200.000; so that the loss on the
freights, had it all gone to American citueus, exceeds the
