760
take the important vote in Ohio, it would be found
that they did not need them there. The people in
Ohio were intelligent, and speeches of that kind
found little favor with them. He had been bored
bv such speeches from both sides of the House,
and he believed if a stranger should come into this
Hall and inquire for the Speaker, he would not
take the gentleman who occupied the Speaker's
chair for the Speaker. Some three or four gentle-
men, who almost any day could be found on the
floor, would be more -likely to he looked upon as
the Speaker than the gentleman who really held
that position in this House. Nay, there were some
thirty gentlemen in this House who appeared to
claim the exclusive right to speak on every sub-
ject; and having gone over all the ordinary, topics,
they were now beginning again, with the evident
design to go the round again, and to occupy the
attention of the House to the exclusion of ail others.
And perhaps it was well that there were these few
gentlemen with the capacity to enlighten not only
this assembly, but this country. The wide world
would be in darkness if these gentlemen were not
here to enlighten it. And yet their constituents
had some claims on the smaller lights for the ex-
ereise of talents they were supposed to possess.
It might be that they should occasionally make a
speech^ if the gentlemen to whom he had referred
would be magnanimous enough to permit it. He
"had a desire to make one himself on a certain sub-
ject; but he was not inclined to obtrude himself on
the time of the House, and speak to a question
which was not really under consideration. It had
been the custom during the present session to pass
bills first and speak on them afterwards, but he
disliked to do that. He would like to say some-
thing about the late war, and on the subject of
abolition, and also on the subject of our prospects
in the Presidential campaign. ["Ay, that's the
subject; we all want to speak on that. Go on,
Sawyer.''] Gentlemen were urging him logo on,
but probably they would not be satisfied with him
when he had done, for perhaps he should take a
course that would not be pleasing to the gentlemen
who desired him to go on, and to certain portions
of this House. He was not going into that matter
now. He was serious in Ins opposition to the
making of speeches for Buncombe when such sub-
jects as that under consideration were before the
House. If they had a question before them in
which the people had not much interest, he might
perhaps make a speech to consume some of the
time of the House. But this was a serious subject.
It was a bill to pay the poor old worn-out soldier,
and he was not willing to consume the time which
should be devoted to the perfecting and passage of
such a measure. If gentlemen were inclined to
propose amendments to this bill, and to abstain
from debating about the next Presidency, he would
desist from any further remarks, and take the risk
of again obtaining the floor on some other occa-
sion.
Mr, BRODHEAD had an amendment which
he desired to offer, if it were now m order. The
usual sum paid to the heads of bureaus in this
Government was $3,000 per annum; but some four
or five years ago a fit of economy came over Con-
gress, and they reduced the compensation of some
heads of bureaus, or it might be of but one only.
Now, a very arduous addition had been thrown
on the head of one of those bureaus, who had a
large amount of claims annually to examine, and it
was proper that he should receive the same amount
of compensation that was paid to the heads of
other bureaus.
Mr. VINTON reminded the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, that this bill proposed to make ap-
propriations for the payment of pensions, to which
the amendment which had been suggested was not
pertinent. It more properly belonged to the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill, to which the
gentleman fioru Pennsylvania could offer his
amendment when it came up for consideration.
Air. BRODHEAD would forbear then to offer
Ins amendment now, but he would offer it when
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill was
under consideration.
Mr. iONE.S, of Tennessee, wished to give notice
that when the gentleman from Pennsylvania should
make the motion he had indicated, he should make
another to equalize the compensation of the heads
of bureaus, tlis plan would be to level the heads of
bureausdown to the compensation paid to the Com-
missioner of Pensions, to whom he supposed the
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
gentleman from Pennsylvania alluded, and not to
raise him up to them. The Commissioner of Pen-
sions now received a salary of $2,500 per annum,
which appeared to be an ample compensation for the
head of any bureau in this city. He would take
occasion to say, that in making the motion of which
he had given notice, he should not do it with any
feeling of hostility to, or disapprobation of, those
officers, particularly the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, for he believed the duties and labors of that
gentleman were very arduous, and that they were
as well performed by him as were the duties of the
head of any bureau in connection with this Gov-
ernment. There were several—he believed the
number was three—heads of bureaus in the Post
Office Department who received the annual com-
pensation of $2,500. There were, too, he believed,
others—for instance, the Comptroller, and Audi-
tor, and Register of the Treasury—who received
$3,000 per annum.
Mr. SAWYER wished to suggest to the gentle-
man from Tennessee that he might make an addi-
tion to his contemplated motion, that there was
one officer of this Government who received $4,500
for one office, while at the same time he was re-
ceiving §1,500 for another. One single individual
received these two separate sums.
Mr. G. W. JONES supposed the gentleman
from Ohio alluded to the head of the coast survey.
He would say to that gentleman, that if he would
propose an amendment to bring that down to
$2,500, it should have his (Mr. J.'s) vote. A
salary of §2,500 was equal to the interest, at six
per cent., on, he believed, about $45,000; and it
might be considered, in any part of the United
States, that an individual who was worth §45,000,
or was in the receipt of the interest of that sum of
money, was in tolerably comfortable circumstances,
if he might not be considered independent. His
experience there had taught him that the salaries
of these officers were not always regulated by the
importance of the services which they rendered,
and the duties which devolved upon them; and they
hardly ever saw them raised all at once. It so
happened, perhaps, that some one of these officers
who had been through a long course of public ser-
vice, and had faithfully served the country and
made himself popular with Congress, was recom-
mended for an increase of salary.
But when the proposition came up here, the
same gentlemen would rise and insist that it would
be partial and unjust not to increase the salary of
all the officers of the same grade in the same pro-
portion, and, as a matter of justice, to avoid what
gentlemen would call an invidious distinction, they
were induced to increase the salaries of the others
up to the highest amount paid without regard to
the services rendered. Now, he thought all of the
heads of bureaus should be content with $2,500. It
was ajgple compensation; and when the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill came up, he should
attempt to fix the salaries at that amount.
Mr. VINTON said it was something like a
month since this bill had been taken up in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and gentlemen might have
forgotten the precise object of the amendment
which was now pending. He begged, therefore,
to say, that in consequence of changes in the state-
ments from the Treasury Department, it was ne-
cessary to amend the iirst section by increasing the
item from "four" to "fourteen" thousand. The
bill was originally drawn up in accordance with
the estimates of the Secretary of the Treasury, in
which a mistake had been discovered, and hence
the amendment to correct that error.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VINTON said that it was necessary also to
amend the paragraph making an appropriation for
pensions to widows and orphans under the act of
the 4th of July, 1836. The Secretary of War had
reported that theie was an unexpended balance in
the treasury from former years of $151,156 36; he
therefore moved to add after the words " thirty-
six," in the 16th line, the words "in addition to
an unexpended balance remaining in the treasury
$151,156 36." Agreed to.
Mr. V. offered the following as a separate item,
to be inserted after the 17th line of the bill:
" For pensions to widows under tlie act of the Sd of
February, 1848, in addition to the unexpended balance of
$263,729 87 remaining m the treasury of a former appropria-
tion for the payment of pensions under the act of the 17th of
June, 1844, $136,270 13."
He would simply state, that during the present
session the act of 1844 had been renewed. At the
commencement of the session no estimates were
prepared by the Secretary for these pensions, be-
cause the law which created them had expired.
Since, however, the bill renewing the act of 1844
had been passed, the estimates had been sent in,
and now it became necessary to insert this item.
Agreed to.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the item for half-
pay pensions to widows and orphans, payable
through the Third Auditor's office, was amended
by adding the woids "in addition to an unex-
pended balance in the treasury of $8,790 04."
Mr. VINTON said, in the last item there was
an error in relation to the date from which the item
was created. It provided for arrearages prior to
] the 1st of January, 1817, payable through the
offices of the Second and Third Auditors. Instead
of "January; 1817," the date should be "July,
1815." The item should also be amended by the
addition of the words " m addition to an unex-
pended balance in the treasury of $3,201 45."
The item was amended in accordance with Mr.
Vinton's suggestions.
Mr. McKAY then proposed to add the following
additional sections by direction of th% Committee
of Ways and Means:
Sfc. . Jiml be it further enacted, That no pension for al-
leged disability either in the army, navy, militia, or volun-
teers, shall be allowed; unless the application for the same
shall have been presented within the period of five years
from the time the disability occurred.
Sec. . And be it further enacted, That in all future ap-
plications, either under the act entitled "An act for the relief
of certain surviving officers and soldiers of the army of the
Revolution," approved May 15, ]828, or under the act en-
titled "An act for the relief of certain surviving officers and
soldiers of the Revolution," approved June 7, 1832, the pay
or pension which may be allowed under said acts respect-
ively, or any other amendatory of the same, shall commence
only from the completion of the proof in each case, and not
from the time specified in said acts.
Sfc. . Jind, tie it further enacted, That in no case shall
the widow or child or children of a pensioner who may under
any law be entitled to a pension,or part of a pension, receive
more than at the rate allowed to the pensioner in his life-
time; nor shall the pension allowed be increased in any
case after the death of a pensioner, if the death shall have
been made known at the Pension Office.
Mr. Mc-KAY recapitulated the various provis-
ions of his amendment, and urged them on the
attention of the committee.
Mr. STANTON opposed the amendment, in
part on the ground that the Pension Office was so
extremely strict in its construction of ali pension
laws, that it was less likely to allow pensions
under the law as it now stood than if it should be
amended as now proposed. There were many
cases where individuals were entitled to draw pen-
sions as invalids who abstained from making
application for them because their circumstances
were not such as to oblige them to apply, and they
postponed it until necessity should compel them.
And, moreover, it often might happen that an in-
jury was incurred in the service which did not
develop itself until the decline of life. He thought
the provision proposed by the gentleman from
North Carolina was likely to increase the difficul-
ties it was designed to remedy.
Mr. TOMPKINS had no objection to urge against
any of the amendments which had been stated by
the gentleman from North Carolina, except the first.
The restriction therein contained was in the nature
of a statute of limitation. Did it mean to operate
prospectively, so that applications must be made
within five years from this time; or did it apply to
cases where the disability had existed already for
five years ? The courts decided that no statute of
limitation should be retrospective in its application,
but should in all cases operate only from the date
of the law. If the amendment was intended to ap-
ply to cases where application might be made at
any time within five years from the present time,
Mr. T. would have no objections to it; but if it was
intended to exclude all from applying now and
hereafter who had already suffered five years to
run without applying for their pension after disa-
bility had actually occurred, he should be decidedly
opposed to it. It would in that case have the nature
of an ex post faclo law.
Many men had become disabled in the cause of
their country who were nevertheless men of some
substance, and patriotic pride held them back from
applying for the bounty of the Government so long
as their circumstances would permit them to get
along without it; but the vicissitudes of life strip-
ped them of their means, and sheer necessity com-
pelled them at length to apply: ought such persons
