1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
761
to be excluded from the benefits of the law because
they struggled on for five years without making
application ? Not suspecting that a law would be
passed to limit the time during which they might
apply, they would,-without fault of theirs, be de-
prived of the bounty their country designed they
should enjoy, and this without previous notice or
warning. Mr. T. would ask if the gentleman from
North Carolina was certain such would not be the
operation of his amendment?
Mr. McKAY said it was far from his intention
to give the law an operation of that kind, and to
prevent it he was willing to modify his amend-
ment.
Mr. McK. thereupon modified the first section
of his amendment by striking out the words " from
the time the disability arose," and inserting** from
and after the passage of this act, and within five
years after any such disability which may arise
from and after the passage of this act."
Mr. VAN DYKE dM not see how the modifi-
cation removed the difficulty. The law would be
a statute of limitation for all future time, and such
an one as he was unwilling to advocate. He re-
lated a recent case where a soldier deprived of an
eye and a leg had still energy and resolution enough
to earn his own bread for thirty years, but was now
old and in adversity. Men of resolution and of
patriotic pride might often delay making applica-
tion for more than five years after disability actually
occurred; many were ignorant, and might remain
for that time and longer unapprised that they were
entitled to receive any pension: ought such to be
cut o'ff?
Mr. COCKE concurred in the propriety of the
amendment,especially as it had now been modified.
It was high time Congress should take some legis-
lation on this subject. The Commissioner of Pen-
sions had long been desirous of some provision
against the payment of such large sums as were
now drawn from the Government every year for
back pay. Mr. C. should not so much object to
it if the money went to the sufferer himself, but
everybody knew that in nine cases out of ten it fell
into the hands of harpies who were ever on the
watch to make a gain of the miseries and the want
of knowledge of better men than themselves. These
' money sharks got it nearly all.
Mr. McKAY said the gentleman from Tennes-
see was under a great misapprehension if he sup-
posed the amendment applied to pensions of every
description: it had respect to one class only, the
invalid pensioners.
Mr. STANTON said that that was the most
meritorious class of all.
Mr. COCKE again expressed his assent to the
first section of the proposed amendment: it only
gave notice to such as might have long been enti-
tled to, but did not claim their pensions, that if, for
five years longer, they failed to make application,
their claim would be barred.
Mr. STANTON again referred to the case of
men withheld by pride till poverty compelled them
to apply.
Mr. COCKE believed that such cases were ex-
tremely rare; and if any extreme cases should
occur, Congress would provide for them by special
act.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, opposed the amend-
ment, as not likely to effect the object for which it
was intended. Disability did not always appear
as soon as a wound was received, but often not till
long afterward; and the strict construction at the
Pension Office might exclude very meritorious and
patriotic men from the benefits intended by the
law. Pensions were now paid, not from the time
of the wound or the time of the disability, but
from the date of completing the proof.
After some further conversation—
Mr. JONES moved an amendment, which pro-
posed to strike out the first section of Mr. McKay's
amendment, and insert:
"That, upon the application of the widow of a revolu-
tionary soldier for a pension, no further proof of the services
of the husband shall be required of the widow, if her hus-
band received a pension in his lifetime."
Mr. J. maintained that if the proof was valid
for the man, it ought to be deemed sufficient for
his widow. To require her to establish hec claim
anew by reference to documents, was a hardship
to which she ought not to be exposed. He re-
ferred to a case in North Carolina, where a clerk,
who held the records from which such proof was
to be drawn, would not examine them for a poor
widow under a fee of fii^e dollars, which was often
more than she could pay.
Mr. McCLELLAND was opposed to all restric-
tions in our pension laws; he would rather extend
than restrict them. As to this amendment, it
would in practice defeat its own object, if that
object- was to give less money in pensions. It
would operate as a warning to all who had any
legal claim to come forward and present it at once,
lest it should be barred altogether. Many who
might not have applied at all, would be led by
such a notice to apply, lest they should hereafter
be cut off.
Mr. BARROW here moved that the committee
rise; which prevailing, the committee rose, and
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following memorials and petitions were presented
under the rule, and referred:
By Mr. FKEEDLEY: Two petitionsfor a new mail route
from West Philadelphia, by Kellysville, Lobb's Store, Spring-
field, Ro&e Tree, and Bishop's Works, to Howcllville, in the
county of Delaware, Pennsylvania.
By Mr. KING, ol Massachusetts; The petitions of Increase
S. Hill and 140 otheis, of Andover, and Daniel F. Pratt and
125 others, o! Reading, lor cheap and uniform postage. Also,
of Samuel Porter and «5 other?, of Beverly, for a specific
duty on imparted fish, and the same rate as by tariff of 1842.
Al&o, of Susannah Kimball, of Ipswich, for pension for rev-
olutionary service of her late husband.
By Mr. TWEEDY: The petition of Ebenezer Giles and
42 otheis, of Jefferson county, Wiscunsin, for the extension
ot the time of proof and payment to settlers on public lands
to four years.
By Air. BARROW: The petition of the heirs of Jonathan
Faire for arrears of pension.
By Mr. EDWARDS : The memorial and petition of the
physicians, druggists, and many citizens of Alexandria, Vir-
ginia, pra>ing fin the passage of an act preventing the im-
portation of adulterated drugs, chemicals, and medicinal
prep.uatioiis used as, medicine. $
By Mr. MACLAY • The memorial of B. Bates and others,
citizens of the United States, in fa\or of the leductum of
the piesent lates of pottage on letteis, and the free delivery
of letteis and newspaper in the principal cities.
By Mr. DUNCAN, of Ohio: The applications of Mrs.
Dorothy Mead, Mrs. Barbara Baughman, and Mrs. Ahigail
Williams, for arrearages ot pay and pennons.
By Mr. PALFREY: The petition of Con vers Francis and
others, ministers and laymen of the Unitarian denomi-
nation, praying Congress to take measures for putting a stop
to the war. Al&o, ot A. G. Stevens and others, of Erie
county, New York, praying lor the repeal of the law of Feb-
ruary 12,1793, respecting fugitive slaves. Also, of Stephen
Pope and others, of Marlborough, Massachusetts, prayingfor
redress of grievances in relation to the ill-treatment of free
citizens ot Massachusetts by South Carolina, Louisiana,
and other slaveholding States. Alio, of H. D. Pmney and
44 others, citizens ot Tioga county, State of New York,
praying for provision for the better observance ot the 10th
article ot the tieaty of Ghent. Alto, of Elisha Hutchinson
and 38 others, of Haverhill, Massachusetts, praying for a
peaceable division of the United States. Also, ot it. B. Lit-
tle and 24 others, of Montrose, Pennsylvania,praying for the
abolition of slavery in the District ot Columbia, and against
the extension of the same into territory now free. Also,
the petition of Ebenezer C. Hinckley and 56 others, of Cai-
mel, Maine, praying that a committee may be lai&ed to in-
quire and report, lwr the public information, whether, and
by what laws, the slave tiade exists in the District of Colum-
bia. Also, of John Needles and 36 otheis, of Baltimore,
Maryland, praying for the abolition ot the slave trade m the
District ot Columbia, and the protection ol all persons therein
in their inalienable rights. Also, of G. W. F. Miller and
723 others, praying for further protection to the persons and
liberty ot American citizens. Also, of N. Fiske and 136
others, of Levant, Maine, praying for a law prohibiting the
acquisition of new territory, unless domestic slavery be ex-
cluded therefrom. Also, from the same and 132 others, for
the prohibition ot slavery and the slave trade in the District
of Columbia and the Termories. Also, from the same and
129 otheis, praying for a prohibition of the domestic com-
merce m slaves. Also, from the same and 33J others, pray-
ing lor the emancipation of certain negroes sold on account
ot the United States, and for a law prohibiting any similar
sales m future, and the holding of slaves by officers of the
General Government. Also, from thesanie'and 129 others,
praying fur a repeal of the law of Februai y 12,1793, respect-
ing fugitive slaves. Also, fioin the same and 83 others-, pray-
ing for a committee to report information respecting the slave
trade in the District of Columbia. Also, from E. Loud and
30others, of Plymouth, Maine, praying foi a committee to
repoit information respecting the slave tiade in the District
of Columbia. Also, of John Bailey and 739 others, ot New
Bedford, Massachusetts, piaymg for the protection of colored
seamen when visiting southern ports. Also, trom H. M.
Twining, of Pennsylvania, and 71 others, praying Congress
to device some plan for the immediate and peaceful dissolu-
tion of the American Union. Also, of John W. Davis and
30 others, ot Pennsylvania, praying for such changes of the
Constitution and laws as will abolish slavery thioughout the
country. Also, of James Adain^on and 165 otheis, of Penn-
svlvaina, praying for the abolition of slavery throughout the
Union. Also, ot Thomas Shortlidge and3t>otheis, of Penn-
sylvania, foi the abolition of slavery throughout the Union.
Also, of Joshua Fickeiing and 10 others, of Pennsylvania,
praying for the abolition of slavery throughout the* Union.
Also, of Emily Pickering and 7 others, of Pennsylvania,
prayingfor a peaceful dissolution of the Union. Also, of
Josiah Bond and18 others, ot the same State, for the same
object. Also, of Moirisi Fusscll and 6 others, of the same
State, for the same object. Also, of Robert Lamborn and
17 others, of the same State, for the same object. Also, Of
Barclay Ivins and 30 others, of the same State, for the same
object. Also, of Caleb P. Way and 35 others, of the same
State, for the same object. Also, of Aaron Kirk and 33
others, of the same State, for the same object
By Mr. SMITH, of Illinois: The petition of a large num-
ber of citizens of Madison and other counties, praying til©
establishment of a mail route from Greenville, in Bond coun-
ty, to Staunton, in Macoupin county.
Wr. WBNTPVVORTH: The petition of citizens of
Plamneld, for the extension of the present mail route from
Ottawa to Cass, through to Chicago, via Flag Creek and
Lyons; and also for the increase of the trips'from weekly
to tri-weekly. v -
By Mr. FEATHERSTON: Notice of a bill to be entitled
"An act to authorize and require certain illegal entries of the
public lands of the United States at the land office at Colum-
bus, in the State of Mississippi, to be cancelled, and for other
purposes."
IN SENATE.
Thtjrsj>ay, May 11, 1848.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition from citi-
zens of Philadelphia city and county, asking that
a territory may be set apart for the concentration,
civilization, and preservation of the various Indian
tribes; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. BALDWIN presented a petition from citi-
zens of New Haven, Connecticut, asking a reduc-
tion of postage on letters and newspapers; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. DFCKINSON presented a petition from citi-
zens of Clinton, Franklin, and St. Lawrence coun-
ties, New York, askingfor the removal of the port
of entry from Plattsburg to Rouse's Point; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented a petition from
citizens of Simpsonand Logan counties,Kentucky,
asking a mail route from Franklin, in that State,
to Springfield, Tennessee; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
On motion of Mr. ATCHISON, the Committee
on Indian Affairs were discharged from the further
consideration of the memorial of Patrick Marrau-
lette.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the memorial of James
Wilkins.
APPOINTMENTS WITHHELD FROM SENATE*
The resolution of Mr. Johnson, of Maryland,
in relation to the call for names of officers not sent
in to the Senate for confirmation, came up for con*
sideration; when—
Mr. JOHNSON stated that he felt too much in-
disposed to pursue the subject, and, if it would be
agreeable to the Senate, he would prefer that it
be postponed until to-morrow, which motion was
agreed to.
The resolution submitted some days since by
Mr. Badger to rescind a resolution appointing a
messenger for the ante-room of the Senate Cham-
ber, came up in its order but,
On motion of Mr. BADGER, was, by common
consent, informally passed over.
Several adverse reports of committees on private
claims were concurred in.
OCCUPATION OF YUCATAN.
The Senate then resumed the special order, being
the bill to enable the President to take temporary
military occupation of Yucatan.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, expressed his in-
tention not to confine himself to the question of the
amendment, but jto go generally into the subject
under discussion.
A message was received from the President some
short time ago, stating that the subject was of such
great and pressing importance as to permit no de- *
lay in the action of the legislative brancj). The
result was the bill now before the Senate. He felt
greatly obliged to the Senator from South Caro-
lina for bringing this message so promptly to the
attention of the Senate. It appeared, from what
had subsequently occurred, that the ground of hu-
manity, originally taken, had been entirely aban-
doned. From the candid avowal of the chairman
of Foreign Relations, and of the Senator from
Michigan, it would appear that we are called on to
take possession of Yucatan, because it would be
unsafe in the hands of any other Government. In
this view, therefore3 he was about to discuss the
The representation^ made to the Senate are, that
