1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
763
Mr. GAYLE rose to a question of order. The
amendment was equivalent to a rejection of the
bill, and the committee could not reject a bill.
The CHAIR sustained the point of order, and
ruled the amendment out of order.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, moved to amend the
preamble by. changing the word "appears," after
the words " whereas it," to "is said." It would
then read: "Whereas it is said," &e.
Mr. ATKINSON accepted the amendment as a
modification.
The question was then put on the amendment of
Mr. Atkinson, and it was agreed to.
The committee then rose and reported the bill to
the House, with amendments.
Mr. BARRINGER moved the previous ques-
tion .
Mr. McKAY moved to lay the bill on the table;
which, was "decided in the affirmative: Yeas 1X8,
nays 38.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 12, 1848.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives informing the Senate that the House
had passed the bill for the admission of the State
of Wisconsin into the Union.
On motion of Mr DOUGLAS, the bill was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Department of State,
made in compliance with a report by resolution of
the Senate of 2d February last, referring the me-
morial of A. A. Frasier and Alvin Baker, claiming
indemnity for the illegal capture by a British cruiser
of the American brig Douglass.
On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT, the message
was ordered to be printed for the use of the Sen-
ate.
[The Secretary states that the claim had been
urged against the British Government, in behalf
of the claimants, before he came into office, but
had been since abandoned; that he could not,con-
sistently with his other duties, give the subject that
thorough examination he could have desired. ®fe
gives an' explicit opinion, however, that the vessel
was captured and detained in direct violation of the
laws of nations and the right of the American flag;
and that it was the duty of this Government to hold
that of Great Britain responsible. He says fur-
ther, that, whether the United States, by abandon-
ing the claim against the British Government, has
rendered itself responsible, he does not feel himself,
under the resolution, called on to express any opin-
ion; and that such duty more appropriately belongs
to thfe Legislative than to the Executive branch.]
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented a petition
from David Hunt and Ayleit JBuckner, asking to
be confirmed in the entry of certain public lands;
which was referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition from citi-
zens of New York, asking that a port of entry may
be established at Rouse's Point; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Commerce.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAyE.
Mr. DOUGLAS, on leave, introduced a bill
granting to the State of Iowa the right of way and
a donation of pubtie lands for making a railroad
connecting the Mississippi and Missouri livers; ]
which was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, on leave, intro-
duced a bill to amend the act approved 17th June,
1844, entitled "An act to provide for the adjust-
ment of land claims within the States of Missouri,
Arkansas, and Louisiana, and in those parts of the
States of Mississippi and Alabama south of the 30th
degiee of north latitude, and between the Missis-
sippi and Perdido rivers;" which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
ALABAMA CLAIM.
On motion of Mr. BAGBY, the prior orders were
postponed, and the Senate proceeded to the consid-
eration of the bill authorizing payment of interest
on the amount advanced by the State of Alabama
to the General Government pending the Creek hos-
tilities, in 1836-'37.
The bill having been explained and advocated
by Mr. BAGBY, the amendment offered by Mr.
Pearce was agreed to. The bill was then ordered
to be engrossed, and was, by unanimous consent,
subsequently read a third time and passed.
PENSIONS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, asked the Senate
to take up, out of its order, Senate bill explanatory
of the act entitled "An act to raise, for a limited
time, an additional military force, and for other
purposes," approved February 11, 1847. Mr. D.
said that prompt action on the bill became neces-
sary from the fact that decisions under the act
which had been made in the Pension Office conflict
with the spirit of the bill.
The motion having been agreed to, the bill was
considered in Committee of the Whole, and the
amendments reported by the committee were agreed
to. The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
was subsequently read a third time, by unanimous
consent, and passed.
APPOINTMENTS WITHHELD FROM SENATE.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, moved to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the resolution submit-
ted by him some time since, calling on the Presi-
dent to know if there were any officers whose
names had not been sent in to the Senate for con-
firmation.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, suggested that
the day had been set apart for the consideration of
the bills on the private calendar, and hoped the
Senator would consent to postpone the further con-
sideration of the resolution until to-morrow.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, would cheerfully
do so, but he desired to go away that day, and
hence would prefer saying what lie had to say at
once.
The point was yielded by Mr. JOHNSON, of
Louisiana, and the resolution taken up, which is
as follows:
Hc&oIlc/I, That the President of the United States is re-
queued to inform the Senate whether any officers are now
in the military or civil tejvioe of the United States, under
appointments from the President, which have not been sub-
mitted to the Senate; aud if there he any such appoint-
ments, that he state the date of such appointments, and why
it is that it has not been in the power of the President to
submit them to the consideiatfon of the Senate.
Mr, JOHNSON, of Maryland, resumed his re-
marks, commencing with a reference to the quasi
usurpation of the Executive mi the veto of the river
and harbor bili. He referred to the course of the
President, while a member of the House of Rep-
resentatives, advocating similar bills, instead of
raising constitutional objections to them. These
measures had always gone on without interruption,
as connected with our commercial interests. The
power to pass'such bills was conferred by the Con-
stitution, in the clause relating to the regulation of
commerce. After such an uninterrupted construc-
tion of the power, it appeared very extraordinary
that a new construction should now be put on the
same words. If the meaning of the words " regu-
late " and " commerce " had remained the same,
why was a new construction to be given them. He
commented on the insufficiency of the arguments
by which a distinction between salt and fresh water
was made. A new construction, however, had been
placed on the words by the present Executive,
who, as was alleged by the Senator from Ohio, was
not likely to be guilty of usurpation. He had un-
derstood the Senator from Ohio as asserting that
the tendency to usurpation was greater in the Sen-
ate and in the House of Representatives than in the
President; but that Senator had corrected him, and
had stated that he had been misunderstood. He
(Mr. J.) had thought it probable that this conclu-
sion had been brought about in the mind of that
Senator by the changed aspect of the House of Rep-
resentatives, the party character of which had been
reversed. The present House was composed of
representatives fresh from the people, who were in-
dignant at the course of the President in interposing
his veto on the river and harbor bill.
Another instance of the usurpation of the Exec-
utive was to be found in the veto of the bill for the
indemnity of our citizens for losses caused by !
French spoliations previous to 1800. No one i
doubts, from the spirit and disposition of the French |
people, as illustrated by the recent revolution, that
they would now pay these claims, had they not
been relinquished, so far as regaids the responsi-
bility of France, by our citizens. He adverted to
the able reports and unanswerable speeches made
in defence this bill, from tjnie time, by the
most distinguished men, by- the brightest .intellect^
of the country. The bill, which at VapQQS times
had passed the one or the other House,, was at
length passed by both Houses; and having received
the sanction of this power, which represents, the
intelligence and moral feeling of the people, it was
sent to the-President. He returned it with objec-
tions founded on the assumption that the claims
were of too long standing, and that the United
States were not bound to pay them. The mode
of returning the bill was disrespectful to the Senate,
which had allowed him the full constitutional time
for examination and reflection. We were told,
also, that we had become involved in the war, and
that there was no surplus in the treasury. We
have credit, we are able to raise money to pay
armies, but we cannot find means to pay our just
debts. Great credit was given to the President by
his friends for this veto.
He brought forward these instances to show the
tendency of the one-man power to usurpation.
The Senator from Ohio considered the granting
charters as an usurpation on the part of Congress.
Yet the charters for the various banks were all
signed by the President. George Washington,
with the advice of all his Cabinet, signed the
charter of the United States Bank. James Mad-
ison, an original opponent, retracted the opinion,
and sanctioned the renewal of the charter. General
Jackson had to pass on the same charter which
was reported by you, sir, a d he said there was
no difficulty in chartering a bank, if he could draw
up the charter. The Supreme Court, with Chief
Justice Marshall at its head, had confirmed the
constitutionality of the charter of the bank. Ohio
resisted the proceedings of a branch of the bank
within her territory, and this brought the question
again before the Supreme Court, when all the
authorities were examined, and it again resulted in
a confirmation of the constitutionality of the bank
and its acts.
Referring to Mr. Tyler's veto, he characterized
him as a President per se, and stated that his objec-
tion to the thing was as to the name by which
it was baptized: he would have been satisfied with
it under the name of focal agent. To this hour,
Mr. J. stated it .as his opinion that the constitu-
tionality of the question was so .well settled that
nothing '"but courtesy could induce the present
Supreme Court ever to listen to an argument about
it.
The Senator from Ohio takes tl?e ground that
the President truly represents the people oT the
United States, and' that we do not. He would ask
that Senator, whether, if the course taken by the
President in reference to the river and harbor bill
and the French spoliations had been shadowed out
to the people beforehand, he would ever have re-
ceived the nomination or election to the Presidency ?
He believed the President had no objection to a
reelection; butif he should be nominated, it would
only be to be beaten. There was one will he would
have to obey, and that was the will to be beaten.
In one of the numbers of the Federalist, Alex-
ander Hamilton had treated as the wildest fictions
of imagination these objections to this veto power,
which we have been doomed to see realized. [Mr.
J. read an extract.] Facts -had proved that the
President might assume the supercilious pomp of
majesty, and yet remain the idol of a party. The
consequences may not be all developed in one day,
but they must follow; and it may yet be that a
diadem may sparkle on the brow of an Amer-
ican President, and the imperial purple may flow
in his train. Man is man the world over; power
is power the world over, and it may again be used
as it has been before used.
He remarked on the political excrescences which
had appeared on our system in the shape of con-
ventions. He called 'them so without reference
to one party more than another. They took th$
i business out of the hands of the people, in order
to build up a party idol. Out of the "
, lions of our population, not ten thousandfiad any
! share in the getting up of these conventions- He
! did not wish to say anything disrespectful; but he
I asked what Senator on the other side*
: among the distinguished of his pwty, would have
selected Mr. Polk? He .asked if the Executive
: lash had not been applied in the Senate, and if
; Senators had not often been to d that they were
lagging behind their duty, and this m terms offen-
! sive to any man of honor?
It had been still more
