1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
765
IN SENATE.
Saturday, May 13, 1848.
Mr. CALHOUN presented a petition from
citizens of Charleston, South Carolina, asking a
uniform and cheap system of postage; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented a petition
from J. Anthony King ana Cuyler W. Young,
asking to be allowed to organize a military force
to aid the people of Yucatan; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. DIX presented a petition from J. Howard &
Son, of New York, asking to be allowed to use two
Spanish war-steamers in the line which they pro-
pose to run between New York and certain Spanish
and Mexican ports; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. MASON presented a memorial from physi-
cians, chemists, and citizens of Alexandria, Vir-
ginia, remonstrating against the importation of
adulterated and spurious drugs; which was laid on
the table.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition from two
hundred and twenty-three citizens of the District
of Columbia, asking that the General Government
purchase Mount Vernon; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented a petition from citi-
zens of the United States residing in Oregon,asking
that the laws of the United States may be extended
over the Territory, and that donations of land may
be granted.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported a bill to admit certain articles of the
growth or production of Canada into the United
States free of duty, upon the condition that the
like articles of the growth or production of the
United States are admitted into Canada free of
duty; which was read a first time.
On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT, the report of
the Secretary of State concerning the illegal seizure-
of an .American vessel, was ordered to be referred
to a select committee of five, to be appointed by
the Chair.
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion of Mr. DAYTON,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury furnish the
Senate with a statement of all the iron and the manufac-
ture* of iron imported into the United States from the 1st
July, 1847, to the 1st May, 1848, designating the different
kinds of iron, and the value of each kind, and also the value
of the manufactures thereof} and the quantity and value of
all mineral coal imported during the same period.
On motion of Mr. DOUGLAS,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency ol amending the law,
approved 23d April, }803, appiopnating annually $200,000
for arming the whole militia of the United States and Ter-
ritories, so as to increase the same to an amount equal to
the present wants of the country, and report by bill or other-
wise.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy he requested to
send to the Senate all the papers filed by Mary Cassin, widow
of the late Lieutenant John Cassm, of the United States
navy, in her application for a pension.
On mo'tion of Mr. HANNEGAN)
Resolved, That N. J. Holland act a* Assistant Doorkeeper
of the Senate during the absence of the Assistant m convey-
ing the remains of the honorable Chester Ashley to the
State of Arkansas.
Mr. HANNEGAN submitted the following;
which lies over:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of establishing the
consulate at Muscat, in the dominions of the Imaum, upon
the same footing with those of Tangiers, Tripoli, and Tunis,
in the Bar8ary States.
Mr. BAGBY submitted the following, which
was referred to the Committee on the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate:
Resolved, That John M. Jameson, Postmaster of the Sen-
ate, be continued hereafteryearly in charge of the post office,
at the same per diem he now receives.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
On motion of Mr. DAYTON,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate inquire and
report to the Senate why the document relati.ng to the pro-
ceedings of the arbitration m the matter of the island on which
Fort Delaware is situated, commonly called the "Pea Patch,"
lias not been printed, according to the order of the Senate.
Mr. BADGER alluded to the fact of his having
introduced, several weeks ago, a resolution of in-
quiry into the delays constantly occurring in the
public printing. Seeing that the chairman of the
Committee on Printing had just reached his seat,
he would call his attention to the facts, and inquire
whether the committee had thought it worth while
to investigate the subject?
Mr. CAMERON replied, that since the intro-
duction of the resolution he had been absent, and,
besides, too unwell to make a detailed report.
He might state, verbally, however, for the satis-
faction of the Senate, that there was error in sup-
posing that there was any unnecessary delay; in
short, there was less delay in the public printing
now than at any time since he had had the honor
of a seat in that body. He thought the charges
against the public printers altogether groundless,
and that the fapts had not been sufficiently looked
into or investigated.
Mr. BADGER said the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania must pardon him, but he really thought there
was great irregularity in his proceeding, to say the
least. The resolution he had the honorjto submit
long ago, showed that the Senate was fully sensi-
ble of the truth of the delay, or it would not have
been adopted. It was not the fact of the delay that
the resolution called on the committee to inquire
into, but the cause thereof. The delay the Senate
had already affirmed to exist. As to the printing
being executed as rapidly as heretofore, the Senate
knew it was not so, and the resolution just sub-
mitted by his friend from New Jersey, calling on
the Secretary to inquire and report, was further
evidence of the fact.
Mr. CAMERON thought the printing had been
as rapidly executed as it could have been done, and
was at present more so than it had ever been here-
tofore. As soon as time and health would permit,
he should submit a report setting forth the facts,
which he thought would satisfy the Senator. And
here the subject dropped.
Mr. YULEE asked the indulgence of the Senate
to take up the bill to promote the efficiency of the
navy, by authorizing a retired list, not with a view
to discussion, but simply for fixing a day for its
consideration.
The motion having been agreed to, the bill was
made the special order for the first Monday in
June next.
Mr. NiLES moved to take up the amendments
of the House to the bill to amend an act entitled
44 An act to amend the act entitled 4 An act to re-
duce the rates of postage, to limit the use and cor-
rect the abuse of the franking privilege, and for
the prevention of frauds on the revenues of the
Post Office Department,' "passed March 3, 1845.
This motion having been agreed to, Mr. NILES
explained the effect of the amendments; and the
first and second were disagreed to, and the third
concurred in. «
OCCUPATION OF YUCATAN.
On motion of Mr. HANNEGAN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Che special order,
being the bill to enable the President of the United
States to take temporary military occupation of
Yucatan; when
Mr. MILLER rose and said, that if this bill
had been placed simply on the ground of human-
ity, it would have met with his entire approbation.
But, in the progress of the discussion, the measure
had been entirely stripped of humanity, and advo-
cated as a matter of cold, calculating policy. It
was a strange proposition to require of us aid to
resist an overwhelming foe, and then that we
should receive pay for the same. He gave a brief
historical view of the circumstances which had
preceded this application, and then reviewed the
correspondence which had taken place between
the Secretary of State and the Yucatan com mis.- i
sioner. He dwelt on the fact that at the time of |
this application, Yucatan was a part of* the terri-
tory of Mexico. The commissioner presents a
deplorable picture of the condition of Yucatan—
representing the white race as in danger of exter-
mination by the Indians. But, no response being
given to the cry of distress, he shows a pretty ac-
curate knowledge, if not of human nature gener-
ally, of the human nature of our country, by then
calling the attention of our Government to the
declaration of Mr. Monroe, and referring to our
course in reference to the Greeks, &c., and by
throwing out a menace of appealing to England
or other European Powers, in case" we do not act.
It was like the case of a man who, finding his
house on fire, offers his neighbor a deed of the
building if he will put out the fire; but, seeing that
his neighbor makes no movement to «ave the
property, he tells him, Well, if you' don't take
the offer, there is a man over the way who will do,
it, and I will go to him.
He adverted to the position taken by the chair-
man of Foreign Relations, that it was necessary to
act to keep England out of Yucatan; so that the
real object was, not to drive out the Indians, but
to drive out the English. The Eagle and the Lion
were to be watching to see which shall seize the
victim. He put the case of the people of South
Carolina, or Alabama, making an application ta
Great Britain. What would be thought if Great
Britain were to indicate a disposition to take pos-
session of the complaining State, without the sanc-
tion of the General Government? Would it not
be regarded as an act of war? If Yucatan is not
independent of Mexico, we cannot interfere with- .
out danger of war. He referred to the pending
treaty, the ratification of which may be defeated
by any unwise and over-hasty.movement on our
part. Mr. Sierra, the Yucatan commissioner, had
entered a protest against the treaty, but withheld
his threat of calling; on other Powers until a sub-
sequent period. He took exception to the style
assumed by Mr. Sierra in his letter of protest—a
style which would have been suitable to a sover-
eign prince making on some other sovereign a de-
mand sanctioned by the laws of nations.
It had been rumored that the President himself
was not at heart in favor of the pending treaty
with Mexico, and since this subject had been be-
fore the Senate, the probability of the rumor had
received some strength. He adverted to the causes
of the war with Mexico—to the annexation of
Texas and the boundary question—to the manner
in which it had been carried on, and to the anxious
desire for its speedy termination which at this mo-
ment pervades the whole country. It was em-
phatically the duty of every man who held the
peace of the country in his hands to be particularly
cautious not to do anything which would tend to
the disappointment of those hopes and desires.
If this measure were only urged in a spirit of
charity, for the sole purpose of saving the white
citizens of Yucatan from extermination by the In-
dians, we Gertainly should have no right to be dis-
pleased because we have been anticipated either by
Spain or England. The reply of Spain, in which
she declares that she will not take advantage of
the present distressed condition of Yucatan to seize
hold on her territory, he lauded as worthy of old
Spain in her best days. Such an answer ought to
have been ours. France had also declined in a
similar manner. And as to the interference of
England, he had seen no proofs of it. It did not
yet appear that she had been even asked. The
possession of English arms he did not regard as
ground of suspicion against the English Govern-
ment. England could not interfere without bring-
ing on her war with Mexico and war with our-
selves, who are now at war with Mexico. A great
deal of political capital has been made out of this
cry about English interferences Texas and in Cali-
fornia, but he ha3 yet to discover the first particle
of evidence on which this cry could be justified.
He proceeded to remark on the declaration of
Mr. Monroe, which was issued in opposition to
the encroaching spirit of the Holy Alliance. He
denied that it could be applied here without a com-
plete perversion of the principle. We propose to
do precisely what we say England and France and
Spain shall not do. We desire to take possession
of another State, and defend the act by appealing
to the declaration of Mr. Monroe, which was issued
to prevent one nation from interfering with the
affairs of another. If we say to another, Y'ou shall
not take Yucatan, shall we take Yucatan ourselves?
Are we about to drive others away from this
afflicted territory, in order that we may have all the
plunder to ourselves?
He then went on to speak of the domestic affairs
of Yucatan, to show that Mendez had used these
Indians to promote his ambitious views, under a
promise that he would repeal the capitation tax.
After he had obtained their services, he violated
his obligations, and murdered many of the Indians,
with their women and children, in cold blood. In
the party movements in Yucatan, the Indians stand
by their country; and who does not approve of
their course? The whites have an army of 8,000
men, but we have never heard of any battle they
have fought. It had been called a war of races.
Every war from the discovery of Mexico has been
