tm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
war of races—a war between the Indians and
the whites; and what Christian nation has ever
stepped in to aid the Indians? These Indians are
not subjects, they are citizens. Almonte and oth-
ers, with whom our Government has had corre-
spondence, are full-blood Indians. In the French
revolution, the blotises had no legal right to take
the step they did—they violated the law at the
outset, yet we have given them our highest appro-
bation. On the other hand, the Indians of Yuca-
tan, as citizens possessing an equality of rights,
had a perfect right to take the steps they have
taken.
If Great Britain has determined to take posses-
sion of ,Yucatan or any portion of it, to the detri-
ment of our national safety, it becomes a great
question between us and Great Britain. If so, we
ought at once to speak out m plain language, and
tell her we will oppose her, instead of trying to get
ahead of the Lion, in order to be beforehand m seiz-
ing the prey. The iirst is the manly course. The
possession of Cuba would in all probability come
up under the next Administration, because, in the
present state of Europe, it is not likely that Spain
will long hold out.
He concluded by throwing a censure on the Ad-
ministration for devoting its attention exclusively
to foreign affairs, and neglecting the domestic in-
terests of the country. It seemed to have entirely
turned its back on all those objects which are con-
nected with home concerns.
Mr. CALHOUN then obtained the floor, and
expressed his intention to give his views on the
question.
A motion was then made to adjourn; which was
withdrawn, and,
On motion of Mr. CLARKE, it was
Resolved, Thai the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform, the Senate whether all or any part of the
navy stationed m the Gulf of Mexico lias been ordered to
proeeed to the coast of Yucatan, for the protection of the
white population of thatcountiy; and if so, to transmit to
the Senate a copy of such outers, and also a copy of any
advices from the commander or officer of the squadron of a
date later than those already communicated.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 15, 1848.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
Mr. HARALSON moved to suspend the rules,
to enable him to move that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union be discharged
from the consideration of the bill to refund money
for expenses incurred, subsistence or transporta-
tion furnished for the use of volunteers during the
present war, before being mustered and received
into the service of theUnited States: Ayes 92, noes
26. Two-thirds voting in favor thereof, the rules
were suspended.
The bill was then taken up and read.
Mr. H. briefly explained the bill. It revived
and extended the provisions of the resolution of
the last Congress so as to embrace companies,
towns, corporations, individual?!, &c., and required
proof to be made to the satisfaction of the Secre-
tary of War. It was framed, as nearly as practi-
cable, in accordance with the views of the House,
as expressed when the subject was before under
consideration. He apprehended that there would
be no desire to discuss the question, and he there-
fore demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and, under
its operation, the bill was engrossed, read a third
time, and passed, as follows:
A BILL to lefund moneys for expenses incurred, subsist-
ence or ttansporlation furnished for the use of volunteers
during the present war, before being mustered or received
into the service of the United States.
Tie it emitted, $'c., That the provisions of the joint resolu-
tion, approved March thud, eighteen hundred and fortv-
seven, entitled '* A resolution to n*fund inonej to the States
wineli have supplied volunteers and furnished them trans.-
poitation dniing the present war, before being mustered
and received into the service of the United States," be, and
tilo saute die hereby, extended so as to < mbrace ail cases ot
expense-* heretofote incurred in organizing, subsisting, and
transporting volunteers previous to their being musteied
and received into tile >eivice of the United States for the
present war, v\ bother bj States, counties, corporations!, or
individuals, either acting with or without the authority of
any States : Provided, however, Tnat pi oof s-hail be made, to
the satisfaction of the Secretary of War, oftiic amount tlm>
expended, and that tne same was necessary and proper for
the tioop^ aforesaid.
Sec. 2. kindle it farther enacted, That an amount suffi-
cient to refund said expenses so incurred bo, and the same
i-3 hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the treasury not
otherwise appropiiated.
CHARTER OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. CHAPMAN moved a suspension of the
rules, in order to discharge the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union from the further
consideration of the bill to amend the charter of
the city of Washington.
By common consent, Mr. C. stated that th'e
charter election of this city was very near at hand,
being appointed either for the first of June or the
first Monday of June. This bill embraced a com-
promise charter, which had been agreed to, after
the question being advertised, by four-fifths of the
inhabitants of the city. The principal difficulty
which had existed in former years was with ref-
erence to the right of suffrage. Tlfey had unani-
mously agreed upon a basis of suffrage, he had
been informed by a number of the inhabitants of
the city, and particularly by the Corporation.
The question being taken, Che rules were sus-
pended, and the bill was laid before the House and
read.
Mr. SIMS suggested that a clerical error in the
16th line of the 1st section required amendment,
and it was corrected accordingly by substituting
" or" for " and." He then moved the previous
question on the engrossment of the bill.
Under the operation of the previous question, the
vote on the engrossment was taken by yea3 and
nays, as follows: Yeas 95, nays 59.
Mr. CHAPMAN moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. MEADE inquired if a motion to reconsider
the vote by which the bill had been ordered to be
engrossed would be in order?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. MEADE moved to reconsider, for the pur-
pose of introducing a proviso to submit the charter
to the people.
Mr. SIMS, (in his seat.) It has already been
submitted, and a large majority of the people have
! voted in favor of it.
! Mr. MEADE (apparently not understanding
Mr. Sims) had no objection, he said, to the pro-'
visions of the bill as he understood it; but he
thought this charter, which stood in the place of a
constitution to the people of this city, should be
submitted to them, to be accepted or rejected at
their will. He read the amendment he wished to
add, as follows :
" Be it further enactcd, That this act shall be in force from
and after the day of , provided that previous to
that date a majority of the people of the city qualified to vote
under the present charter vhali signify in a manner hereafter1
prescribed their assent thereto; and that the sense of the
people may be ascertained, the Major of the city shall, be-
fore the day of next, cause a poll to be opened,
and kept opened for three days, (of which thirty day*5 notice
shall be given m two newspapers published m the city of
Washington,) at the court-house ot said city, m which the
names of those who shall offer to vote shall be recorded in
separate columns, for or agamst the amended charter; and
the polls aforesaid shall be examined by the Mayor and Al-
dermen of the city, who shall make proclamation ot the re-
sult ; and this amended charter shall be considered as adopted
or rejected, according as the majority of the votes polled shall
be for or against the same."
Mr. CHAPMAN remarked that the gentleman
from Virginia, he thought, could not have been in
the House when the bill was first taken up, and
heard the statement which had been made. He
repeated that it had been expressly stated to the
Committee on the District by the Corporation of
this city that this charter had been submitted to the
people, and that three-fourths of them had voted
for it; and further, they believed the people were
unanimously in favor of it. He therefore moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. MEADE inquired in what form it was sub-
mitted, who drew it up, and who voted for it?
Mr. CHAPMAN replied that it was submitted
to the people at the polls; they voted upon it sec-
tion by section; and the report had been made to
the Committee for the District of Columbia by the
officers who took the vote of the people. He moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. COLLINS demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and, being taken, resulted—
Yeas 92, nays 67.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
The question recurring on the passage of the bill,
it was agreed to, without a division.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. HENLEY mofyed to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed. He said he was very
much obliged to the gentleman from Maryland for
endeavoring to put the gag upon those opposed to
the bill, by preventing them from saying a word
upon its odious features.
Mr. CHAPMAN assured the honorable gen-
tleman from Indiana that he had no disposition to
anesthis remarks; he would listen to them with
great pleasure. If he had supposed the gentleman
was desirous of being heard upon this question,
he certainly should have thrown no obstacles in
his way.
Mr. HENLEY said it was passing strange that
the gentleman should not have known that those
opposed to the bill were desirous of being heard,
when they had made every effort in their power to
make some few amendments, and to give their
reasons therefor.
This bill contained a feature than which, at this
enlightened age of the world, none more odious
could be proposed—that was, a property qualifica-
tion for the voter: a restuction upon a man, that
because he did not own property, and had not paid
taxes upon that property, he should not therefore
be entitled to casta vote at the ballot-box. It had
been said, and was now said by a gentleman near
him, [Mr. McLane,] that no such provision was
contained it. He read the following: "and who
4 shall have paid the school tax and all taxes upon
f personal property due from him, shall be entitled
' to vote." He submitted it to the country if this
was not a property qualification ? If this section
did not require a man not only to be assessed as a
property holder, but to have paid a tax upon that
property before he could be admitted to vote, he
had no idea of the force of language.
Mr. McLANE (the floor being yielded) said,
as the gentleman from Indiana had referred to him,
and had declared that there was a property quali-
fication in the bill, and as he, (Mr. McL.,) after
examination, had voted for it, and as he knew it
contained no property qualification at all, (for if it
had, he should not have voted for it,) he desired
at this time to call the particular attention of the
House to the fact that there was no such provision
in the bill. It was provided, that if a man had
personal property, he should have paid the taxes
upon it before he voted, but if he had no property
he could vote.
Mr. HENLEY. Then he must be assessed as
a tax-payer?
Mr. McLANE. Not at all; if he has no prop-
erty, he can vote. I ask the gentleman from In-
diana to answer the question whether it is neces-
sary, under this bill, for a 'man to be possessed of
a certain amount of property before he can vote?
1 deny it.
Mr. HENLEY asked the gentleman to answer
the question, if an individual must not be assessed
to pay his school tax before he could vote ?
Mr. McLANE, objecting to the gentleman's
mode of answering a question by putting another,
called attention to the fact that the gentleman had
made the direct allegation that the bill provided a
property qualification, and then turned round and
said it was a school tax. Now, would the gentle-
man frankly, explicitly state that it was a prop-
erty qualification, and that a man could not vote
without it?
Mr. HENLEY supposed a ease: A man who
has personal property in the city of Washington,
which is assessed, makes his appearance at the
ballot-box, not having the receipt of payment of
that assessment, could he vote?
Mr. McLANE answered with very great pleas-
ure. In his judgment, a man, holding property,
and assessed upon that property, ought not to vole
unless he had paid his taxes.
Mr. HENLEY. There is the property qualifi-
cation, and the gentleman is in favor of it.
Mr. McLANE. It is no part of my democracy
to contribute by my vote to degrade, to corrupt
the ballot-boxes; I would at all times keep them
pure and honest; and if there be a citizen holding
property in this county, I would lequire that that
citizen, with others, should pay his taxes before
he exercises that high and honorable privilege.
The gentleman had said that this bill contained
a property qualification. Now, it was very well un-
derstood, and no man knew better than the gentle-
man from Indiana, what was a property qualifica-
tion; and he (Mr. McL.) did not choose to sit in
this House and vote upon u bill, and then have a
motion to icconsider with a view to strike out a
clause which was not in the bill, and then permit
the gentleman, when he (Mr. McL.) stated the
fact, to turn round and put a question about the
