1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
767
school tax or a mode of guarding the ballot-box,
and entirely change the issue.. Let the honorable
gentleman meet the question, and say he was not
willing that an assessment should be made and
payment required of the voter who had property.
Mr. HENLEY. Then the gentleman acknowl-
edges, if a man has not paid his tax upon the
assessment or property, he cannot vote. This is
not only equal to, but is still more odious than, a
property qualification.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (the floor being
yielded,) called the attention of the gentleman from
Indiana and the gentleman from Maryland and the
House to one fact in the bill; that was, it provided
that no man should vote unles he had first paid his
school taxes and all other taxes upon personal
property due from him. Now, one man in this
city, owning no personal property, but a house
ana lot o  the President's square, which might be
assessed for taxes for fifty thousand dollars, would
come up to the ballot-box, and no objection be.
made to his vote, although he owed the corporation
the tax upon fifty thousand dollars; while one of
those maimed soldiers whom you met on the ave-
nue, who might have lost both arms or both legs
in fighting the battles of his country, who owned
but a pig and a cow, a couple of chairs, and a
square table, and who was assessed twelve and a
half cents, might, come up by the side of that
nabob, that millionaire, and offer his vote, and,
because he had not paid his twelve and a half
cents, be spurned from the ballot-box, and sent
hobbling off. That would be the operation of the
bill as it stood.
Mr.-HENLEY said that was the true represent-
ation; that was the property qualification in the
bill; and he understood the gentleman from Mary-
land to be in favor of it.
It was not necessary for him to dwell upon the
enormities of this bill, upon the outrages which it
perpetrated upon those who had not got their dollar
to pay their school tax, and the money to pay the
tax upon their personal property, (and there were
such,) but it was necessary for him to say what
he knew, which was, that there had been fraud
practised upon the members of this House by cer-
tain citizens of Washington, who had been en-
deavoring to force this bill- upon the House for the
express purpose of cutting out the poor men from
yoting. There was a sort of aristocracy, he was
sorry to say, in this city, which was not found m
the States—certainly not in the western States;
there were men here who would scorn to go to the
baliot-box side by side with the poor man who
had not got his dollar to pay this tax, which they
were determined he should pay before they would
let him vote; and this class of men had been in-
triguing here to impose upon this House, and
make the country believe that a majority of the
voters of this city had voted for this bill.
He referred to the circumstances in which the
election took place, and said that the foimer char-
ter was a much worse one than this; that, like
the English Government, these aristocrats, having
found that they could no longer oppress the peo-
ple to that extent, had determined to relax a little,
and had submitted this charter to the vote, and the
people had had to support it as a choice between
two evils, but for which they voted as a whole,
protesting against some of its provisions, and
among others, this. Let him ask gentlemen who
came here from the great West, where, thank God,
they knew no distinction in rcfcrence to property,
if they would come forward, and under the opera-
tion of this gag, the previous question, be dragoon-
ed into a vote which was to restrict the people of
Washington in the right of suffrage, and deprive
-many of them of it, when at this very moment, on
the other side of the water, our example had in-
duced them to throw off the yoke of tyranny, and
declare as one of their very first enactments, that
every citizen of-twelve years of age should be an
elector. Did we sec anything there about this re-
striction? Was there a man in the Provisional
Government who, would say a man must be as-
sessed, taxed, and have paid his money before he
could be a voter?
This great, liberal principle of unrestricted suf-
frage had taken root in Europe; and here was rep-
resented the strange anomaly that the American
Congress, a Congress representing freemen, free-
men who had set this great example to their breth-
ren across the water, had sustained a bill contain-
ing this odious feature, and passed it under the gag
of the previous question, and endeavered to dra-
goon the minority here and force this bill into a
law, by whicrr the poor men of this city would be
deprived of the inalienable right of suffrage. Such
a thing could not be tolerated in Prance; he hoped
it would not be long in England, Austria, Prussia;
even in Russia he hoped soon to see this abuse
corrected. This proposition to require the pay-
ment of school taxes and taxes on personal prop-
erty before they could be allowed to vote, he pro-
nounced an outrage on American freemen. All he
desired was, the opportunity to place his name on
record on the question, and then to make the is-
sue—not before the people of this District, because
they had not the right to vote, but before the coun-
try, before the people who elected their Represent-
atives to come here. It was the principle which
was put down in Rhode Island by the Jllgerine
party, and upon this he wanted to go before the
country.
Mr. MEADE, with the permission of Mr.- Hen-
ley, explained that the gentleman was mistaken
in supposing the tax must necessarily belaid upon
property of some sort, but that it was a poll tax,
which the corporation, elected by the people, might
lay or not, as they saw proper.
Mr. HENLEY said the gentleman from South
Carolina, who. represented the Committee for the
District of Columbia, [Mr. Sims,] had refused to
explain the provisions of the bill, or to discuss it at
all.
Mr. SIMS (the floor being yielded) said, if the
gentleman would turn to the thirty-fourth line of
the bill, he would see it provided that "the said
corporation shall have power to lay and collect a
school tax upon every white male citizen," and
that it was merely a grant of power which might
or might not be exercised by the corporation. To
entitle a citizen to vote, it was necessary that it
should appear on the books of the corporation that
the person who offered his vote was twenty-one
years of age, had been for twelve months a resi-
dent of the District, and was then a resident of the
ward in which he proposed to vote, and was sub-
ject to be assessed for school taxes: in other words,
that he was not a free negro or mulatto, but that
he was a free white male citizen, subject to be
assessed if the corporation thought proper. There
was, theiefore, no such thing as a property quali-
fication connected with the right of suffrage in the
bill.
It was objected to the bill, by the interrogatory
of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,]
that a man might have fffty thousand dollars worth
of real estate, and be allowed to vote when he owed
his tax, and 110 objection be made; while a poor man,
owning the smallest amount of personal property,
and taxed twelve and a half cents, would not be
allowed to vote if he had not paid it. Why, if
the owner of real estate was in arrears, it was the
corporation's own fault; for there was the visible
means by which the debt might at any time be
collected. The only difference between real and
personal property looked to the comparative tan-
gibility or intangibility of the two.
Mr. HENLEY understood the gentleman from
South Carolina that voters must be subject to the
assessment of one dollar for school tax; now, sup-
pose the assessor neglected for a particular purpose
to assess that individual?
Mr. SIMS replied, if the corporation levied the
assessment, the constable was bound to receive it |
whenever it was tendered. It was only necessary
to appear upon the books that the voter was of
that description of persons who might be assessed.
Mr. HENLEY. Is it not necessary that this
tax should be paid ?
Mr. SIMS. If he is taxed, he is required to
pay it before he votes.
Mr HENLEY said none of the explanations
removed from his mind the objections against this
bill. He entertained precisely the same objection
—that was, that the individual must be subject to
be assessed, must be assessed, must have paid his
tax, before he could vote. Such were the provisions
of the bill, and such would be its construction by
those persons called to decide upon it.
He was about to state that the majority of the
people of this District were not, and could not,
possibly be in favor of this restriction upon the
right of suffrage. As he had before said, they had
voted for the whole bill together, protesting against
this restriction on the right of suffrage. He had
been told, and authorized to state to this House,
that a large majority of the people were opposed to
this restriction, and most sincerely hoped that
Congress would provide that free white male citH
zens who had resided in this District twelve months,
and were residents of the ward in which they pro-
posed to vote, should be permitted to enjoy all the
privileges of franchise which were extended to the
man of property.
Mr. McLANE next addressed the House, and
alluded to the connection of the State of Maryland
with this District, and the necessary importance to .
that State of the legislation for the people of the
District of Columbia. He was therefore exceed-
ingly anxious that all legislation for this-District
should he undertaken with great caution. With
respect to the restriction which had been magnified
into a property qualification, he said the House
would find on examination that it was purely dem-
ocratic, for it remained with the people to impose
the law or not, as they thought fit. He lived in a
State where a poll tax could not be imposed, for
the constitution forbade it, and the principle of that
constitution had his hearty assent. And he was
glad of an opportunity to give a vote to enable the
people of this District to enjoy a privilege which
the people of Maryland enjoyed—to enact what
sort of taxes they would pay. If they pleased to
enact that a poll tax should be paid for the support
of schools, they had his free consent to do it, for
he recognized their right to tax themselves. He
also availed himself of this opportunity to say that
he should be glad, if he could do it, to give his
vote for the passage of a law to enable the District
of Columbia to do all its own legislation. He did
not mean to open that question now, but he be-
lieved that the passage of the Constitution which
authorized Congress to exercise exclusive juris-
diction over this District, simply meant jurisdiction
exclusive of every other State. He had no idea
that it gave to honorable gentlemen from the West
any more than to those from the East the right to
come here and force on the people of this District
their own peculiar election laws. He desired that
the people of this District should enact their own
election laws; and he'hoped that gentlemen, whether
from the East, West, South, or North, would not
attempt here to carry out their own notions. He
contended that the people here had the right of
self-government, and for his own constituents he
could say with much confidence, that they denied
to Congress the right to exercise in the District of
Columbia any other than a Federal jurisdiction.
This bill gave to the people of this District the
privilege of self-government. The feature in it
which struck him as the most admirable, was its
democratic feature—that which gave to the people
the right to make their own laws and to prescribe
their own taxes.
But another word as to this property qualifica-
tion of which so much had been said. He saw
before him a gentleman who, at an early period of
the session, introduced a proposition here for the
retrocession of the District of Columbia to the
State of Maryland; and he had not seen one of his
constituents since who had not made that a subject
of inquiry. In Maryland there was but one opin-
ion on this subject. They would be too happy to
relieve this Government from all agitation which
had been occasioned by the transient population
of the District of Columbia. The people of Mary-
land were exceedingly jealous of movements in
this District by its floating population (which was
a perfect nuisance) on the subject of slavery. So
long as the Federal Government exercised exclu-
sive jurisdiction over this District, and tens of
thousands of people came here annually to get
office, they constituted a floating population that
was dangerous to his own State. The House,
then, would readily understand the great anxiety
felt in the State of Maryland respecting the suf-
frage in this District. He claimed for the people
of the District to act for themselves in this matter,
and to pass such laws as they should think best for
their own protection. By this bill the right of suf-
frage wasgivcn to the free whitemen of iheDistriet;
and he called the attention of the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Henley] to this provision, which
was perfectly free from any property qualification.
This bid gave universal suffrage, except on the
point of residence. The State from which he came
also conferred universal suffrage, and he was for
the same system here.
Mr. HENLEY said he did not understand the
force of language if it were so.
