THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, MAY 20, 1848.
New Series No. 49.
been called, though he knew not when it had been
- delivered. When the proper time came, he should
show that there had been an increase of the ex-
ports of agricultural products.
Mr. STEWART inquired if the gentleman from
Virginia intended the House to understand that
there had been an increase of exports of agricul-
tural products.
. Mr. BAYLY replied, that he meant to say that
v/e have exported more breadstuffs and provisions
to Great Britain this year, following an exceed-
ingly productive harvest in England, than any
year of a protective tariff—any fiscal year he
meant, though he was willing to take from the 1st
day o,f January, if the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia pleased.
Mr. STEWART said, from a statement which
"was published in the Union last Friday or Satur-
day, it appeared that, taking the exports of bread-
stuffs, flour, and wheat, to England and Ireland
during the last three months, and supposing them
for the next three to be on the same average, we
would have exported to Great Britain this whole
year not one-tenth part of the amount we export-
ed last year. He had that statement on the au-
thority of the Union; he asked the gentleman from
Virginia if he denied it?
Mr. BAYLY replied that he denied no such
proposition. That was not the proposition he
made, and he called on the gentleman to deny it;
he did not desire that he should evade it. He
said that, taking the period that had elapsed of the
present fiscal year, there had been a larger export-
ation of provisions to Great Britain than there ever
had been before during the same period under a
protective tariff; and that upon the heel of a large
crop there.
,L£t him state another thing. The gentleman
wets very ingenious in his statement of facts; he
hitched upon wheat flour 
Mr. STEWART, (in his seat.) And corn too.
Mr. BAYLY, (continuing his sentence,) and
had lost sight of the great exportation of Indian
corn, of which we had already exported over two
million bushels this year. That was a larger
amount than we had ever been in the habit of ex-
porting under a protective tariff to the whole world
together.
Mr. VINTON inquired if the gentleman attrib-
uted that amount of exportation to the reduction
of our duties, or to the lemoval of the British du-
ties?
Mr. BAYLY replied, partly to both. The re-
moval of the duty at one end of the line produced
precisely the same result as at the other. When
they removed the duty in Great Britain, the tend-
ency was to increase the exportation there; when we
removed the duty here, it still further unshackled
the arms of commerce, and increased exporta-
tions.
Mr. STEWART observed that the gentleman
had said that the exportation of corn to Great Brit-
ain this year was 2.000,000 bushels; he asked him
whether last year the exportation of corn did not
exceed $14,000,000 worth.
Mr. BAYLY replied it did; and nobody ever
maintained that the whole of that exportation was
owing to the tariff of 1846. It was owing to that
to a considerable extent, but not altogether, and
this he would undertake to show when the proper
occasion arose. But why did the gentleman hitch
on the last year? Why did he not take a long
series, a period of say twenty years? He should,
before he sat down, move an amendment to pro-
vide for the presenting, in one statement, our ex-
ports and imports of agricultural products for the
last twenty years 
Mr. STEWART, (in his seat.) I accept that
as a modification. '
Mr. BAYLY, (continuing)—so that the House
and the country might see in one view what had
been the average export of our agricultural products
during periods of a high protective and a low tariff.
The gentleman, having accepted the modification,
it would present the case fairly.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. Put in cotton.
Mr. STEWART. Yes.
49
Mr. BAYLY, remarking that the term "agri-
cultural products" included cotton, said he would
like to have furnished, not only the amounts of
agricultural products, but what was akin to them,
of provisions—beef and pork.
Mr. STEWART, adverting to the declaration
of Mr. Bayly of his intention to correct certain
mistakes which he (Mr. S.) had made some time
afro, said the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Venable] had said at the time—some four or five
months ago—that these mistakes should be cor-
rected promptly; butno answer had been given by
that gentleman, or any one else in the House, in
the " Union," or any other public print, up to this
time.
The gentleman from Virginia had said that we
exported more agricultural products under a low
than under a high tariff. Under four years of the
highest tariff we had had, we had exported more to
Great Britain, a hundred times, than we had done
for four years under a low tariff.
Mr. BAYLY. I beg leave to take issue with
the gentleman.
'Mr. STEWART. I thank you. I make that
statement, and challenge any gentleman to contro-
vert it if he can.
Mr. BAYLY. If the gentleman will take any
period of four consecutive years. I do not mean
that he may run over the whole period of twenty
or thirty years, and select a year here and there to
make up four years of hisrh tariff; but let the gen-
tleman select any cycle of four years under a high
protective tariff 
Mr. STEWART. Pour consecutive years.
Mr. BAYLY. Four consecutive years.
Mr. STEWART. I take four years of the tariff
of 1828 and four years of the lowest part of the
compromise act.
Mr. BAYLY. Then I understand, and this
House understands, the issue between the gentle-
man and myself, and we will decide it by the doc-
ument. He states he will take four consecutive
years under a high tariff, and will show that the
exports of agricultural products were'greater than
uftder any four years of low tariff which I may
select. If the gentleman convicts me of an error,
I will agree never to make another assertion m
this House.
Mr. STKWART repeated the statement that
our breadstuffs exported to Great Britain for four
years under the tariff of 1828, contrasted with the
same exports for four years under the compromise
bill, amounted to a hundred times larger amount
under the hi.°;h than under the low tariff.
Mr. BAYLY said if he had not some little ac-
quaintance with these facts the gentleman might
undertake to trap him, but he told him his labor
would be in vain. The gentleman hitched upon
the exports to Great Britain; he threw out of view
not only the rest of the world, but the colonies and
dependencies of Great Britain. Why did he this?
Did we not all know that until the reduction of the
British corn laws nearly all our exports of bread-
stuffs to Great Britain went through the Canadas,
and were put down in our commercial tables as
going to the dependencies of Great Britain, not to
Great Britain herself? The gentleman undertook
to presume on his ignorance in the matter and to
hitch on Great Britain; he (Mr. B.) took the whole
world.
' Mr. STEWART. Agreed.
Mr. BAYLY. Or, if the gentleman wishes, I
wilftake Great Britain and her dependencies.
Mr. STEWART. Agreed.
Mr. BAYLY. Well, the gentleman takes the
whole world; let that be the issue, and we will
decide it when the document comes in.
In reference to the allusion of Mr. Stewart to
his speech being unanswered, Mr. Bayly said he felt
a great repugnance to discussing questions out of
order, as the gentleman had when he had made
that speech, of the delivery of which, in fact, he
had not been informed until he had heard of copies
of it being sent to his own State, with inquiries why
its misstatements had not been answered in the
House. He would attempt to answer it whenever
opportunity presented; and he would undertake
to show that every solitary prediction which the
friends of free trade had made with reference to its
results had been literally fulfilled, at the same time
that every solitary prediction of ruin made by its
enemies had been signally falsified.
He now submitted the following amendment to
the resolution:
And that the Srcretary of the Treasury he also required
to report to this Hou^e the wholeamountof agricultural pro-
ducts and produce of the forests of this country exported
front 182*1 to the present time, together with the exports and
imports ofspeeio for the same period.
Mr. STEWART accepted this amendment, and
modified his resolution accordingly.
Mr. BAYLY, in accordance with his pledge,
renewed the demand for the previous question.
^ The demand was seconded, and the main ques-
tion ordered, and, being taken, the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. GRINNELL moved to suspend the rules, for
the purpose of calling on committees for reports.
Lost.
Mr. VINTON moved the usual resolution to
terminate the debate in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union in one-half hour after the
House shall again resolve itself into committee, on
the hill making appropriations for the payment of
revolutionary and other pensions of the United
States for the year ending June 30, 1849.
Mr. STRONG moved to extend the time to one
hour. Lost.
The resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved to suspend the rules, to
enable him to offer a resolution to make the post
route bill the special order of the day for Friday
next.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion;
but, before being taken—
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 15,1848.
A message was received from the President of.
the United States, transmitting, incompliance with
a resolution of the 33th instant, calling for copies
of any orders to officers of our naval squadron in
relation to giving aid to Yucatan, a communication
from the Navy Department containing copies of
orders issued on the 8th and 12th May to Commo-
dore Perry.
[The communication of the 8th instant directs
the Commodore to allow powder to be landed at
Sisal, provided the Commodore has reason to think
that it will not be used against us. That of the
12th instant compliments Commodore Perry on his
efforts, with his limited means, to give aid; and
satisfaction that he should have visited the coast;
directs the entire force of the marines at Alvaradc
to be sent to Laguna, with instructions to repel the
Indians if they approach that point, and tells him
that his force will not justify a march into the in-
terior, and goes on to say, that u while the United
f States are engaged in a war with Mexico, the
4 actual presence, without our consent, of the armed
1 force of a neutral Power, within the territory
* of our enemy, cooperating with any portion
' of the Mexican people in military operations,
1 cannot be permitted. Such a state of things, it is
' hoped, will not occur. If you should have rea-
4 son to believe that it will, you will communicate
{it without further delay, that the President may
4 take such measures as his constitutional duty
1 will require at his hands."]
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, reported a bill for the relief of Obed Hussey;
which was read a first time.
Mr. WESTCOTT, also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill for the relief of Bancroft
Woodcock,accompanied, ineach case, by a report;
which was read a first tirne.^
The following resolution, submitted on Saturday
last by Mr. Hanmegau, was taken up and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be in-
structed to inquire into the expedtency of establishing the
consulate at Muscat, in the dominion* o the Imaum, upon
the same footing with those of Tangiers, Tripoli, and Tunis,
in the Barbary States.
