770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GJLOJBE.
May 16,
On motion of Mr. Y0LEE, the Senate proceed-
ed to the consideration of the bill concerning school
lands in the State of Florida; which was ordered
to be engrossed, and was, by unanimous consent,
read a third time and passed.
NOMINATIONS WITHHELD.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Johnson, of Maryland, came up in its order:
Resolved, That the President of the United States is re-
quested to inform the Senate whether any officers are now
in the military or civil service of the United States, under
appointments from the President, which have not been sub-
mitted to the Senate; and if there he anysuch appointments,
that he state the date of such appointments, and why it is
thai it has not been m the power of the President to submit
them to the consideration of the Senate.
Mr. BORLAND addressed the Senate against
the resolution, which he considered as not merely
inquisitorial, but beyond the power of the Senate.
The manner in which the resolution was at first
agreed to showed that it was regarded as a com-
mon-place proposition, such as no Senator could
object to, and the President would not be un wiilins
to answer. But as a little examination had shown
that it had a move important bearing than was at
first imagined, he was glad that it had been recon-
sidered. He thought there was great harm em-
braced, although he did not chaige that any was
intended, in this resolution, and he protested against
its adoption. , -
He read from the Federalist the views of Alex-
ander Hamilton on the power of appointment, in
which it was alleged that the President had the
sole power of appointment during the recess. Af-
ter this quotation, he insisted that the President
had no authority to send nominations of officers
so appointed by him during the recess, to the Sen-
ate for confirmation. The President had the pow-
er, and was bound to execute it, without the
cooperation of the Senate. Having made the ap-
pointment,'it was beyond his control, except as
regards the operation of the law, because the term
of service is fixed and specified by legal provis-
ions.
He pointed out several moiives which might
have influenced the President in delaying to send
in his nominations, without attributing to him any-
thing censurable. He stated that General Pillow
could not have succeeded General Scolt, because
the commission of General Worth was of an earlier
date, and consequently he would have precedence
over General Pillow. He disclaimed any wish to
refer to the personal character or conduct of the
individuals holding commissions, because there
were circumstances pending which seemed to ren-
der such a reference unnecessary and improper.
With reference to all the leading principles of
the Whig party, he went over them separately,
for the purpose of showing that they had all be-
come obsolete, and could no longer be sustained,
and that the \Vhigs had been at every point de-
feated. He intimated his belief that Mr. Tyler
had, by his veto, prevented the entire destruction
of the Whig party, which was in danger of being
annihilated by public indignation. The Demo-
cratic party he regarded as standing in a strong
position, ana that the result of the labors of the
party next week in the Monumental City would
be the nomination of a leader who would carry out
its measures to the utmost.
Mr. HANNEGAN moved to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the resolution, and to proceed
to the consideration of the special order; which was
agreed to.
YUCATAN.
The bill to enable the President of the United
States to take temporary military occupation of
Yucatan was then taken up.
Mr. CALHOUN rose, and referred to the ground
on which the message of the President of the Uni-
ted States had placed the proposition now before
the Senate, to prevent Yucatan from becoming a
colony of a foreign Power, and to prevent also the
devastation of the country and the destruction of
the white inhabitants. He had placed our pro-
posed interference on the ground of Mr. Monroe's
declaration. Against all these points, against the
message and the report of the Committee on For-
eign Relations, he had, nftei deep reflection, made
up his mind to record his vote.
He went on to show that the declaration ofMr.
Monroe was published in opposition to the designs
of the Allied Powers, called the Holy Alliance; and
contended that the case of Yucatan could not be
brought 'withln the range of that, declaration. He
stated what was the conduct of the Holy Alliance,
and what were their designs, and the alarm taken by
England at the innovating principles laid down by
them. He adverted to the information given by
Mr. Rush, and the manner in which the Cabinet
acted on it. The schemes and the existence of the
Holy Alliance had entirely disappeared; and, if a
final blow had been necessary, it was given by the
recent revolutions in Europe. A more especial
declaration with regard to Spain was then agreed
on,and Yucatan cannot be comprehended in it.
It had been charged that England would inter-
fere to save the people of Yucatan; but he had seen
no evidence of anythingof the kind. He had seen
no proof that England had furnished arms to Yu-
catan; none that she intended to make a settlement
in Yucatan. If England should comg in, she comes
without any hostile intentions against Yucatan, and
we should have no right to take offence at her con-
duct.
He glanced at the causes which led to this decla-
ration of Mr. Monroe; the principal of which was,
the attempt of Russia to extend her settlements on
the northwest coast of America, in which she was
opposed by England and the United States. He
gave his own version of the history of the con-
struction of this declaration, varying in some re-
spects from that which was given by the Senator
from Indiana. The effect of this declaration was,
to impose a check on the colonization schemes of
England, which so offended her as to prevent her
from going heartily with the United States against
the claims of Russia.
He denied that there was any such principle in
the declaration of Mr. Monroe, as is assumed by
the message of the President. If his views were
to be received as the true construction, and they
were to be carried out, we should be kept in a con-
stant state of war. There are cases in which he
would be willing to interfere. He instanced the
case of Cuba. So long as'that island remained in
the hands of a peaceful nation like Spain, we ought
to be content. But he would never consent to let
Cuba go into the hands of any other European
Powei, because the transfer would be prejudicial
to our interests.
In the case of Texas, he favored annexation,
because lie saw clearly, in his opinion, that there
might be an interference on the part of England,
which would involve us in a triple war—-with Eng-
land, with Texas, and Mexico.
He had been asked if he would resist England
in case she should attempt to relieve Yucatan, and
should take possession. He was prepared to an-
swer that he would not, and this for irresistible
reasons. Yucatan was, for the greater part, worth-
less. The possession of her would not strengthen
the facilities of England to injure us. Yucatan
has no ports which could be made serviceable to
her. He took a glance at the outward and inward
passages into the Gulf of Mexico, to show that
England, in consequence of her great naval power,
had entire command of the Caribbean Sea, and
could, in time of war, close the Gulf aajainSt us.
In the event of our interference with Yucatan,
who can fix the cost or the limitation of the war?
We might defeat the Indians, but they would re-
tire, and render it necessary that we should pursue.
It would be a repetition of the Seminole war; and
no one could say what would be the expense of the
war. and when it could be brought to a termina-
tion. He was opposed to it also, because it in-
volved a violation of our treaty with Mexico.
He regretted that the questions of humanity and
policy shou'd have been mixed up in the same
message. If this be in reality a war of races, if the
white race is not responsible for the war, strong
indeed would be his sympathy with them. His
feelirigswere with the whites. And if the Indians
had so far forgotten their obligations to the whites,
who had raised them to a position of equality, as
to seek their extermination, it would then be our
policy to interpose. All the intelligence of the
country was with the whites. Although they have
no very enlarged views of political science, still,
while they continue to have the ascendency, Yuca-
tan may go forward. But if the Indians gam the
control, the reverse will be the case: she will go
down—down—until she will be entirely lost. He
condemned the indiscriminate liberality with which
political rights had been given to the Indians. Jf
this liberality had been more stinted, if the intelli- !
gent among the Indians had been first selected for >
promotion, things would have worn a different as-
pect. It ought to be our duty, as far as we can
consistently, to give all our influence to elevate the
most intelligent throughout this continent. He
would not say that he might not be willing to
ex'end military aid, but this'must be in a very ex-
traordinary instance, standing out from all genera!
cases.
Pie believed that in this case rival chiefs had
made use of these Indians; that promises had been
made to them by Mendez, who engaged to aboIisK
the capitation tax? but had violated his promise,
which had led to considerable disturbance. If by,
acts of treachery the whites have brought this war
on themselves, and had not the courage to make
resistance, he knew not why they should expect
us to defend them. But there are women and chil-
dren—and here our feelings are excited. He un-
dertook to say, that the latest arrivals showed that
England had shown no disposition to interfere,
except for the protection of helpless fugitives. Pis
had reason to believe that the white race in Yuca-
tan cannot retain permanent control.
As between the bill and amendment, he would
prefer the bill. He considered the amendment as
defective, because it gives no sufficient indication
of its purpose. Nor did he agree to the preamble
of the Senator from Alabama. He referred to the
protest of Mr. Sierra-against the treaty with Mex-
ico, because it left Yucatan at the mercy of Mex-
ico. Pie stated that there had been great misman-
agement in the whole business; and the Yucatanese
complain that one of the effects of this is, that they
have been kept„destitute of arms. Perhaps they
were as well off as if they had been in possession
of arms. Still we have to bear the responsibility.
We ought either to have refrained from giving
any countenance to the Yucatanese, or we should
have furnished them with means of defence.
Mr. CASS made a very brief explanation on the
; subject of the harbors of Yucatan. Lieutenant'
; Porter had examined the map on Saturday, at his
! request, and had discovered the existence of an'
excellent harbor.
Further explanations took place on this point,
in which Mr. CALHOUN, Mr. CASS, and Mr.
FOOTE, participated.
On motion of Mr. BAGBY, the bill was then
informally passed over; and,
On motion of Mr. DAYIS, of Massachusetts, the
Senate proceeded to the consideration of the bill
for the ventilation of passenger ships and for other
purposes.
Mr. D. explained the object of the amendments
to the bill, and they were concurred in,and the bill
was read a third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill for the relief,
of William B. Grady, which, after having been
explained by Mr. C., wa3 read a third time and
And then the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
TrrcsnAY, .Way IS, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
The regular order of business was the call of the
committees for reports.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, from the
Committee of Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of Archibald Beard, and twenty-one others, mount-
ed Tennessee volunteers; ami a bill to authorize an
increase of the number of clerks in the Treasury
Department; which bills were severally read and
committed.
Mr. R. asked leave to offer a resolution. It bein<*
objected to, the resolution was not received. °
Mr. FLOURNOY, fiom the same committee,
reported bills for the relief of William J. Turner,
and for the relief of William P. Yonge; which
bills were read and committed. "
Also, from the same committee, made an adverse
report on the petition of Thomas Chaney. Laid
on the tabic.
Mr. THIHODEAUX, from the Committee on
Commerce, reporied a bill to establish a collection
district of South Carolina, and for other purposes.
Read and committed.
Mr. GRINNELL, from the some committee,
reported a bill to authorize the issue of a register to
the brig Encarnacion. The bill was read a first
and secoDd time, and ordered to be engrossed; and,
