772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
The question recurring on the first section of the
amendment of Mr. McKay as amended—
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to amend the
original amendment, by striking out the words
<< five years."
This amendment, he said, would require the
application to be made within five years after the
disability, and thus increase the burdens on the
treasury; for now the pensioner did not get his
' pension only from the time his proof was perfected;
and, to his knowledge, some of them had let their
cases lie twenty-five years without making the
application. Now, requiring them to come for-
ward within five years, would be paying them
much earlier than they would otherwise be paid.
He could not see that the matter could be placed
on better ground for the Government than it was
now.
The amendment to the amendment, and the first
branch of Mr. McKay's amendment as amended,
were respectively rejected.
The question recurring on the second branch of
Mr. McKay's amendment—
Mr. DUNCAN moved to amend it by striking
out the words " completion of the proof," and in-
serting l( from the time that the application there-
for shall be made at the proper office."
Mr. D. explained his'amendment, and, on the
question being put, it was disagreed to.
The question was put on the second section of
Mr. McKAY'samendment,and it was disagreed to.
The question was then put on the third and last
section" of Mr. McKay's amendment, and it was
disagreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to amend the
. bill by adding the following section:
Sec.—. Ji)id be U further enacted, That the proviso to the
second section of the act entitled " An act making appro-
priation for the payment of revoJuuondry and other pensions
of the United States for the year ending June 30, 1847, and
Jor other purpose approved May 7,1848, be. and the same
18 heicby, repe<iW1.
After a brief explanation of the amendment bv
Mr. JONES, it was ag reetl to.
The committee then rose, and reported the bill
as amended.
Mr. STEPHENS moved the previous ouestion,
which was seconded; and under its operation the
various amendments of the committee weie agreed
to, and the bifi ordered to be engrossed, ancfread
a third time.
The question recurring on the passage of the
bill, the previous question was moved and second-
ed; and under us operation the bill was passed,
and sent to the Senate for concurrence.
NAVY PENSIONS.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House again
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
Mate of the Union, (Mr. King, of Massachusetts,
in the chair,) and proceeded to consider the bill
making appropriations for the payment of navy
pensions for the year ending June 30, 1849.
Mr. BAYLY rose and addressed the House in
an argument concerning the power of Congress to
legislate for the Territories, and in refutation of
the principle of the W.lmot proviso. [This speech
will appear in the Appendix.]
Mr. WILEY next obtained the floor.
Mr. VINTON appealed to the gentleman to
allow this-bill to be reported, and take the floor 011
the next bill which came up, in order to promote
the despatch of the appropriation bills. He nre-
sented the urgent necessity of action upon these
bills, and deprecated the great delay that had taken
place, notwithstanding his repeated and earnest
efiurts to dispose of them.
After some conversation 
Mr. WILEY declined to yield to Mr. Vinton's
request; but, on further appeal, gave way for a
moment to
Mr. WHITE, who proposed to offer an amend-
ment.
The amendment was read, and ruled out of
order.
Mr. WILEY resumed the floor, and delivered
a speech m support of the Mexican war and the
acquisition of Mexican territory; enlarging upon
the value to us, in a commercial and agricultural
point of view, of NewMexico and California; read-
ing from" various authorities to show the fertility
of those countries, and to controvert the views
expressed by Mr. Webster and others on this
point. [This speech, also, will appear in the Ap-
pendix.] After Mr. W. concluded—
Mr. DICKINSON got the floor; and the com-
mittee rose, and reported progress.
Mr. VINTON moved the usual resolution to
close the debate in fifteen minutes after the House
shall again resolve itself into committee on the bill
making appropriations for the payment of navy
pensions. Agreed to.
And then the House adjourned. *-
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred :
By Mr. DICKINSON: The memorial of the purchasers of
section No. 16, township No. 3, range No. in the county
of Seneca, State of Ohio, praying Congress to pass an act to
quiet the title to said section No. 16.
By Mr. CHAPMAV: The memorial of Lawrence Y.
Morton and others, of the pay department of the United
States army at New Orleans, for an increase of pay.
By Mr. JOHNSON, of New Hampshire : The memorial
of George Bellows and 54 others, citizens ot Coos county,
New Hampshire, praying tor the purchase ofMount Vernon
by the United States.
By Mr. SMART: The petition of Thomas B. Grose and
200 others, asking the construction of a light-house on Indian
Island, near Goose River village, in Camden, Maine.
By Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina: The memorial of
the citizens of Charleston, praying a reduction of postage
and a uniform rate thereof.
By Mr. FREEDLEY: Tiie petition of Calvin Blythe, ex-
ecutor of the ids>t will and testament of Commodore Jesse
D. Elliott, deceased, a-king to be remunerated for certain
expenses incurred while commander ol the naval lorcea in
the Mediterranean fiom 1835 to lfc39.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 16, 1848.
Mr. DIX presented a petition from Howard &
Son, of New York, asking that thesSme privileges
exteuded to American steamers trading to Havana
may be granted to Spanish steamers trading be-
tween Havana and New York; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition from cit* ,
izens of Trenton, New Jersey, askiog that certain
obstructions to the navigation of the Delaware
river, at Periwig Shoals, may be removed; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, from "William Greer&Co., asking the pa- \
tronage of the Go\ernment to a periodical called \
the " Mirror of the Patent Office;" which was re- !
ferred to the Committee on Patents. i
Also, two memorials from citizens of Philadel- :
phia, asking the construction of a railroad from I
that city to New York, to facilitate commercial in- j
tercourse and transportation of the mail; which '
was referred to tiie Committee on the Post Office i
and Post Roads.
« Mr. BORLAND presented a petition from citi-
zens ot Arkansas, in favor of the purchase of
Mount Vernon; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. LEWIS presented a petition from Elijah
Pratt, asking compensation for the use of certain
valves by the Government, in violation of his pat-
ent right, and for the purchase of his invention by
the Government for the use of the pontonier ser-
vice; which was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DOUGLAS, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, reported the bill for the admission of the
State of Wisconsin into the Union, without
amendment, and lecommended its immediate pas- .
sage. !
Mr. D. adverted to the fact that-prompt action
on the bill was necessary, as the Legislature of i
that State would meet on the first Monday of June i
next. It must therefore be perceived how neces- j
sary it was that the bill should be acted on with !
the least possible delay. He therefore gave notice I
that he should call for the consideration of the dill !
on Thursday next.
On motion of Mr. DOUGLAS, the bill to estab- l.
h<h the territory of Minesota was recommitted to ■!
the Committee on Territories. !
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill for the relief
umi Chilson, accompanied by a report,
lne bill was read a first time.
Mr. UPHAM moved to postpone the prior l;
orders to take up the bill for the relief of John i ;
Mitchell. The motion was agreed to, and the bill i'
was considered, and was informally passed over.
ACQUISITION AND SLAVERY.
Mr. BAGBY moved that the Senate proce«d to
consider the resolutions submitted by him on the
25th and 27th of January. Unless some Senator
was desirous to discuss the question, he would
like to have the vote t iken without further debato.
The resolutions were then read as follows:
1. Resolved, That Con cress has no Constitutional power fO
abolish or to prohibit slavery m any State or Territory ill
this Union.
9. That conquest is a legitimate mode of acquiring
territory, and so recognized by the laws and tiie universal
practice of civilized nation'-.
3. Resolved, That if territory is hereafter acquired by the
United States, either by treaty or conquest, it shall not he
competent tor the treaty-making power or Congress tg ex-
clude slavery from «uch termon , *Mthci hytreat) stipulation
or by act of Congress; but such territory shall he equally
free and oppn to the citizens of all the United States, with-
out any limitation, prohibition, or restnction in.regard to '
slaves, or anv other description of property whatsoever.
Resolved, That wither the people nor the Legislature of a
Territory have any constitutional power to exclude slavery
from such Territory; and tiat tiie people or LejrMatme ol a
Territory possess no other politic i! power iha.ii suc-h as is
delegated to them by Cot.gros, in the act aphorizing them
to form a Territorial Government. .And inasmuch a* Con--
gre^s has no power to exclude or prohibit slavery in any
Territory of the United States, they cannot delegate *-ucli a
power to the Legislature of a Territory or the people there-
of.
Mr. BADGER then rose and said, that believing
there were subjects of more practical importance
requiring the consideration of the Senate, viewing
these resolutions as embracing a series of abstract
propositions, which could result in no beneficial
legislation, and deprecating all discussion on mere
axiomatic problems, he intended to move to lay
the resolutions on the table. ' He thought, if any
discussion were to take place, it would more prop-
erly come on whenever any legislative measure
involving the principles laid down in the resolu-
tions should be before the Senate. He therefore
moved to lay the resolutions on the table.
Mr. FOOTE requested the Senator from North
Carolina to withdraw his motion for a moment.
Mr. BADGER withdrew his motion, on condi-
tion that it should be renewed by the Senator from
Mississippi.
Mr. FOOTE said he would do so. He said he
had a wish to give his opinions on these resolu-
tions before there was any final action upon them,
and he would therefore have been willing that they
should be informally passed over; but at present
, he should feel inclined to vote for the motion of the
| Senator from INorth Carolina, because he believed
■ that at the present time a discussion of the subject
! would do no good, and might be productive of
j much evil, if ever there was a grave and moment-
i ous question agitated, it would be found in the res-
j olutions submitted by the Senator from Alabama.
He was not prepared to discuss them at present*
and would therefore renew the motion of the Sen-
ator from North C^folina [Mr. Badger] to lay the
resolutions upon the table.
Mr. BAGBY again appealed for a withdrawal of
the motion; and Mr. Foote having the assent of
Mr. Badger, the point was yielded.
Mr. BAGBY said, after the indulgence he had
received the other day from the Senate, in permit-
ting him to offer his views on the resolutions, it
would not become him to press the subject to a
vote. If any Senator desired to discuss the sub-
ject, he was willing that it should be passed over
informally; but if the motion to lay the resolutions
on the table shoujd be persisted in, he would feel
bound to call for the yeas and nays, and should
consider the vote a test question.
Mr. BADGER, was of opinion that no good
could grow out of the discussion, and therefore it
was in that very sense of a test vote that lie desired
it to be considered. His great object was to pre-
vent discussion to the detriment of more important
matters.
Mr. FOOTE would not be understood as voting
against the principles contained in the lesolutions
of the Senator from Alabama, because he should
vote to lay them on the table, though that Senator
might put that construction on his vote, if he pleas-
ed to do so, in the face of his (Mr. F.'s) explicit
declarations.
Mr. DICKINSON did not desire the vote to be
regarded as a test vote. He had submitted reso-
lutions identical in some respects with those just
read, but differing in others. He wonld prefer
that the subject he passed over informally.
Mr. WESTCOTT said: I rise merely to say
that I object to any vote on an incidental question,
and not a direct vote on a measure proposed, being
made a test vote. I shall vote against the motion
